An interesting business idea has helped one Calgary homeless man turn his life around — Tim Barber will move into his new house Thursday night .
The entrepreneurial Barber launched Timmy 's Only to bring Calgarians morning brew to them .
For those that do n't want to wait in line for coffee , Barber and his `` somewhat silent '' partner Chris Morris will deliver it .
Tim Barber is moving into a home Thursday night . ( Blogger )
Barber says he used to be addicted to crack cocaine and the new business investment has given him a second chance at life .
`` I can tell you putting $ 400 into this business is a lot better than going out and using crack — bottom line '' said Barber .
`` I felt really good about myself doing this . I remember when I got my business licence I had to show it to everybody just to say ‘ Look ! I 've got it , and I 'm doing this ' . ''
Tim can be reached for coffee deliveries at 403-465-5232 .
Barber takes orders Monday to Friday starting at 6:30 a.m. and delivers anywhere in the downtown core .
`` Because of my positive attitude , I am into a place tonight , '' he said . `` I found a great landlord and a nice house out on Country Hills Boulevard . And I move in tonight , so I 'm really looking forward to that , and I really look forward to this business taking off . ''
Welcome to Episode 127 of the NYCFC Nation Podcast : This week , we are happy to have Chuck Booth ( @ ChuckBoothSport ) join us on the podcast to discuss the 2-1 win New York City FC played against Philadelphia Union . We discuss the strategy Philadelphia had against NYC , their young defender Jack Elliot , his opinion on the performance of Jonathan Lewis and what the Union need to adjust on their roster to make the playoffs . After Chuck leaves we bring up an update on the NYCFC Stadium , the upcoming NYCFC schedule and we wrap up episode answering your twitter questions . Thank you Nation fans !
Listen in to see what we think and follow up with us on Twitter @ NYCFCpodcast .
NYCFCNation127 Show link : http : //thenycfcnation.com/2017/06/ten-minutes-makes-the-difference-for-nycfc-to-take-three-points
Like listening to the NYCFC Nation Podcast ? If so , please let us know by leaving a 5-star rating and review to help other New York City FC fans find the podcast . Click here to leave a rating and review on Apple Podcasts or here to leave one on Stitcher !
Episode Photo Credit : Lino Adonis Tineo unhingedimage.com ( IG : @ unhinged_image )
0 Flares Filament.io 0 Flares ×
Rick Perry spoke this weekend in New Orleans at the RedState conservative conference . RedState is a big deal for right-wingers , who formed it in response to the influential progressive Netroots Nation conference . RedState is where Perry chose to announce his ill-fated candidacy back in the summer of 2011 .
This time , Perry managed to immediately remind Republicans why ( even ) they had to reject him in 2012 . Perry , donning new black-rimmed glasses , declared early in his speech , “ There are many other states that embrace those conservative values , the approach we 've taken over the years . I 'm in one today – Florida . ”
“ We 're in Louisiana , ” someone in the audience shouted .
Yikes . Ouch . Ooh . Ahh . Florida is three states away from Louisiana . It 's not as though Perry is on the campaign trail these days , constantly in a new state . There 's no rational explanation other than what we 've known all along : Rick Perry is a dim bulb . His hopes for 2016 , when he 's repeatedly hinted that he 'll run again , are based on the hope that his 2012 campaign did n't reveal anything so bad about himself that he ca n't win four years later .
But it definitely did . Read more below the jump.First , take it from Republicans themselves , via Wayne Slater :
“ The media will tear him apart , ” said Al Jeanfreau of Tammany Parish north of New Orleans . Ronny Potts , a retired military officer who recently moved to Florida from Corpus Christi , does n't see Perry as a serious contender for the GOP nomination next time . “ I do n't think he has a chance , ” said Potts . He predicted 2016 on the GOP side will come down to a choice between Ted Cruz and Ron Paul .
What people realized about Rick Perry in 2012 is that he simply has no idea what he 's doing most of the time . He 's full of swagger-shaped emptiness , and can not be trusted not to embarrass himself , his party and his state at any given time . There 's something not only quixotic but pathetic about Perry 's attempt to regain not only respect from his own party but presidential prominence .
The man 's a goner , and we Texans are very pleased he is n't running for re-election next year . But in keeping with the last thirteen years , he wo n't take his leave without looking foolish to the very end .
Stephen Lendman
Her presidency would be nightmarish for world peace , popular interests and what remains of fundamental freedoms , a disaster risking full-blown tyranny and global war - vital to go all-out to oppose .
Her biotech/agribusiness ties began during the 1980s as a Rose Law firm lawyer . Monsanto and Tyson Foods were clients .
During her years as first lady in the 1990s , she supported harmful to health genetically modified foods and ingredients - while banning them from White House menus .
The Clinton and Bush II families ate organic foods , free from genetic manipulation and toxic pesticides .
As Obama 's secretary of state , she heavily pressured other countries to use and import GMOs . US taxpayer money continues promoting them worldwide , ignoring food safety .
Monsanto gave the Clinton Foundation up to a million dollars - dirty money buying influence . Last year , she hired former Monsanto lobbyist Jerry Crawford to run her campaign .
Environmentalists justifiably call her the “ Bride of Frankenfood. ” Throughout her legal and political careers , she consistently supported corporate interests at the expense of popular ones .
It 's unsurprising she and husband Bill are multi-millionaires . As of late 2015 , their estimated net worth exceeds $ 110 million .
During her unsuccessful 2008 presidential campaign , Monsanto 's Washington law firm sponsored a fundraiser , titled “ Rural Americans for Hillary . ”
It emblazoned a large “ Welcome Hillary ” sign on a toxic Monsanto Roundup sprayer . The company is involved in raising millions of dollars from donors to elect her president .
In late June 2014 , she keynoted the BIO International Convention , attended by 15,667 industry leaders , including nearly 2,500 CEOs from all 50 states and 70 foreign countries - endorsing GMO foods and ingredients , saying :
“ I stand in favor of using ( GMO ) seed and products that have a proven track record . There 's a big gap between the facts and what the perceptions are . ”
She charges around $ 200,000 per speech . Wall Street paid her millions . The major banks are her largest campaign contributors .
Disturbing facts belie her GMO support , wanting ordinary people worldwide consuming what she and husband Bill shun .
Food Democracy Now ! ( FDN ) calls her “ another Monsanto-loving president in the White House ” if elected . Her longstanding ties to “ the most hated corporation on the planet ” give millions of Americans cause for concern .
FDN calls for “ end ( ing ) Monsanto 's hold on the White House and American policy once and for all . ”
Hillary 's toxic pro-war , pro-corporate , anti-democratic , anti-populist agenda is polar opposite what 's vitally needed .
- # # # -
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen @ sbcglobal.net .
His new book as editor and contributor is titled `` Flashpoint in Ukraine : How the US Drive for Hegemony Risks World War III `` .
http : //www.claritypress.com/LendmanIII.html
Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com .
Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network .
It airs three times weekly : live on Sundays at 1PM Central time plus two prerecorded archived programs
Thomas , from the village of Tangmere , near Chichester , West Sussex , stood as he drove his father 's Mitsubishi Shogun at low speeds on Thursday .
Police received dozens of 999 calls after the vehicle was spotted by surprised motorists – who could only see the top of his head – driving `` erratically '' at low speed .
The tearful child 's amazing four-mile adventure came to a halt after about 20 minutes when he crashed into the wall of a £800,000 house in the village of Lavant , just outside Chichester , leaving minor damage to the high-powered vehicle .
The home 's owners , Cynthia Rivett , 70 , and her husband Paul , 71 , said they were “ amazed ” the boy had escaped unharmed .
His mother Jessica Chatfield was woken just after 6am on Thursday by neighbours who reported hearing loud revving noises .
They then watched in horror as Thomas drove the car , belonging to his unnamed stepfather , out of the family 's driveway before embarking on his journey of the local countryside .
A shaken Mrs Chatfield was too distressed to comment when approached at the family 's home on Thursday night .
Police said they would not be taking any action in the `` bizarre case '' .
A relative who did not want to be identified , told The Daily Telegraph the family were shocked at the incident .
`` It 's not very often that you hear about a five-year-old boy going on a joyride , '' they said .
`` What they were worried about was whether he had hurt himself or anybody else . ''
Witnesses said after starting the car and , somehow , managing to reverse out of the driveway , he then crashed into two cars parked on the street before driving off with some neighbours dashing after him .
The little boy 's journey took him along a dual carriageway section of the A27 from Tangmere towards Chichester before turning north on the A285 .
He passed Goodwood airfield , home to a motor racing track , before turning down a country road called Pook Lane and finally hitting a brick wall .
By this time he had hit another two parked cars , dealt a passing motorist a glancing blow while the concerned driver , who was not named , followed behind .
When the Shogun , which typically comes with a 3.2 litre diesel engine , came to rest the male driver got out and pulled the crying boy out of the vehicle and called police and an ambulance .
The boy was taken to St Richard 's Hospital in Chichester as a precaution but was unhurt and was soon reunited with his family .
It remains unclear how he managed to start the car but most Shogun models can start by the press of a button .
He could have simply steered the car without needing to touch the pedal because the car was an automatic and could be driven at low speed in drive mode .
Relatives said he managed to unlock the Shogun after taking the cars from his mother 's handbag .
One neighbour , who did not want to be named , said he was awoken to loud revving before seeing the boy standing in front of the driver 's seat .
“ I looked out of my window after hearing loud revving and I could see was this car backing out of the driveway but I could n't see who was driving , ” he said .
“ I then saw a little boy who was standing in front of the driver 's seat . It was remarkable .
`` I was shocked . I quickly ran out but he was already gone . He had crashed into two cars . ”
He added : `` The street have been wonderful and understanding . ''
Another neighbour , who did not want to be named , added : `` Jessica had been asleep and Thomas had taken the keys from her handbag .
`` She was utterly shocked by what had happened and I have been comforting her .
`` She is relieved that he 's OK . He often travels in the car with his mum and has seen how she presses the button down to put the car into reverse .
`` Thomas is obviously a clever boy who has learnt to drive by watching his mum . ''
Nathan Parkinson , 22 , attempted to stop car as it drove off .
`` I had to do a double take because I could n't believe what I was seeing , ” he said .
`` I could just about make out a forehead above the steering wheel and a pair of eyes peaking through the gap .
`` The car was revving loudly and jolting backwards and foreyards . I was struggling to keep up because he was n't wearing a seat belt and looked like he was standing . ”
PC Mark Ryan of Sussex Police Road Policing Unit at Chichester said : `` This was a remarkable incident .
`` The boy and other road-users clearly had a lucky escape because there 's no doubt a serious collision could have happened at any stage . ''
A West Sussex Police spokesman added : `` I believe the boy was crying after he had the accident because he was a bit shaken but for a five year old he had driven quite well .
`` We were first made aware just after 7am when several drivers called saying they had seen a Mitsubishi Shogun being driven by a small boy on roads east of Chichester .
`` At almost the same time a distressed local man reported he had woken up and believed his 5-year old son had driven off a short while beforehand in their car , which is an automatic .
`` It 's a bizarre case and we are not taking action against anyone . ''
[ H/t to Dave E . ]
You 've got ta wonder how much longer the Fox News brass will be able to tolerate Shepard Smith . He keeps stepping on and debunking his fellow Fox anchors ' favorite talking points .
Yesterday , in demolishing Wyoming Republican Sen. John Barasso , he took a wrecking ball to the No . 1 Fox talking point of recent months -- that the public option in health-care reform equals a `` government takeover . '' Here 's what Smith said :
SMITH : It 's not a government takeover , Senator ! That 's not fair and we both know it . It 's not a government takeover because what it would be is a government option if you have insurance now and you like it you can keep it . … That 's not a government takeover if we 're being fair is it Senator ?
Then he launched into an ardent defense of the public option
SMITH : Over the last 10 years health care costs in American have skyrocketed . Regular folks can not afford it , so they tax the system by not getting preventive medicine . And we all end up paying for it . As the costs have gone up , the insurance industry 's profits , on average , have gone up 350 percent . And it 's the insurance companies which have paid and which have contributed to senators and congressmen on both sides of the aisle to the point where now we ca n't get what all concerned on Capitol Hill all seem to [ believe ] and more than 60 percent of Americans say they support , a public option . Every vote against the public option is a vote for the insurance companies .
And for good measure , he points out what a travesty it would be for Congress to pass a reform measure with mandates but without a public option :
SMITH : What more than 60 percent of Americans say they support is a public option . This has been an enormous win for the health care industry . That is an unquestioned fact , but I wonder , what happens to the American people when we come out with legislation now which requires everyone to have health care insurance -- or many more people -- but does not give a public option ? Therefore millions more people will have to buy insurance from the very corporations that are overcharging us , and whose profits have gone up 350 percent in the last ten years . It seems like we the people are the ones getting the shaft here .
One can only imagine Sean Hannity and Glenn Beck watching this from the fetal position .
An 85-year-old Good Samaritan has offered to sponsor the education of Swapnali , 12 , whose mother Sharda Ghodeswar , 45 , died after a 40-ft gulmohar tree fell on her in Chembur on December 7 .
Ghodeswar worked as house help to support her husband and three children -- Sumit , Sushant and Swapnali . Ghodeswar 's husband , Sahdev , works as a painter .
The incident took place when Ghodeswar was waiting at the bus stop . Passers-by rushed her to Shatabdi hospital , where she was declared dead on arrival .
After reading newspaper reports , the senior citizen approached the Govandi police station , which is investigating the case . The police gave the man their contact details after which he met the family . “ I am connected with three NGOs that work for skill development across the state . She can stay at their centres and complete her education , ” said the man , who does not wish him to be identified .
The NGOs impart skills such as weaving , stitching and others . “ If the girl turns out to be a bright student , I am willing to pay her university fees and even send her abroad for studies , ” said the man .
The family has been told about the three institutes where Swapnali can get enrolled . “ I have contacted the institutions who readily agreed to give a seat , ” said the man . “ The family is poor . It is my duty to serve society . ”
Her family has decided that Swapnali , a Class 7 student , will complete her current term in the city , after which she will consider the three options .
On learning that the family took a loan of Rs15,000 for Ghodeswar 's last rites , the staff members of Govandi police station pooled in money . Senior police inspector Shashikant Mane and his staff visited the family 's home in Chembur on Friday morning to hand it over to them .
First Published : Dec 17 , 2017 20:01 IST
If believing in equal rights for everyone , equal wages for the same job across the board , marriage equality for all , and believing that woman , well , men too , should never be raped makes me a feminist , then I guess I am a feminist . But personally , I think that 's bullshit .
The fact that the above has to be classified as a ‘ movement ' , or a ‘ thing , ' or an ‘ ism ' of any kind is just out right wrong . What is wrong with society where marriage equality , and equal pay is not the norm ? What 's wrong with society , that every time I go for a walk at night , I have in the back of my mind an escape route planned in case someone attacks me ? Is common decency actually not so common ? What 's that all about ?
I 'm tired of being labelled a feminist , a bra burner . It feels negative . Like wanting to be equal is something that is dirty and not right . But the truth of the matter is that right now , in the world we live in now , wanting these things makes you an ‘ ist , ' believing in an ‘ ism . ' I am aware that there are differences between men and woman , and these differences are to be celebrated , but those are the uncontrollable differences , the biological differences that makes our human race great . However , because we have differences , that does n't make us any less equal . It makes us different but equal . It 's like we 're all pieces of a giant puzzle , and the puzzle is not complete if a piece is missing . Each piece of the picture is as important as the last to make the image total . To make it complete . And that is how we all are . Men and women who are straight , LGBTQ and of all races , we are all different , but we are equally different .
What 's wrong with wanting people to have the same blessings as another ? What 's wrong with wanting the best for others ? The best for society . Nothing . It 's what we all should want . We all should stand behind each other and build each other up . It 's our duty to make this world better for the next generation . And , if that means that I have to have a borderline offensive title until the world finally accepts that every man , woman , and/or other are equal , then I 'll take it . It 's bullshit . But I 'll take it .
I strongly believe that if your religion , faith , or beliefs are standing in the way from doing the decent and kind thing , then maybe it 's time to reassess , and reevaluate your ideals . What I hope , is that when I have children , and when they start to ask questions about the world , and they ask me ‘ what 's a feminist ' I 'll tell them that it was a person who fought for equal rights for all . And they will respond , ‘ that 's weird that you had to fight for that , ' and I say ‘ that 's correct . ' And I 'll smile .
I am Jen Talks Too Much , and for now I am a feminist . I hope though , that I wo n't always have to be . Because , it 'd be wonderful to see a world that has evolved into greatness . And at that point , I will just be a person . A common person .
Police say there is still more to be done to improve the investigating of rape Rape claims are being left off official crime records , the BBC has learned . Figures obtained following Freedom of Information request showed some UK police forces were failing to record more than 40 % of cases . Rules state only allegations verified as false , reported to the wrong force , or recorded in error can be removed . The Association of Chief Police Officers said advances had been made in rape investigation but campaigners said women were being denied justice . The figures showed wide regional variations but some forces had such a high number of cases removed from records - known as `` no-criming '' - that critics said it was evident the rules were not being properly applied . Cause for concern In Northumbria , there were 382 reports of rape . Of those , 172 never made it into official Home Office figures and that was before any were `` no-crimed '' . Police in Durham said only five of 130 cases had been `` no-crimed '' yet the figures showed a further 83 cases were never officially recorded in the first place . In contrast , forces in Humberside , Gloucestershire , and Northamptonshire recorded at least 90 % of cases for investigation . Northern Constabulary , which covers the Highlands , Western Isles and Orkney and Shetland , puts every case on its records . HM Inspectorate of Constabulary demanded improvements in recording rape claims two years ago but has admitted there is still cause for concern . Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . The figures also showed hundreds of complaints lodged in the year to March 2008 never went forward to a full investigation . The Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) said significant advances had recently been made into investigating rapes but admitted there was still much more to do . Chief constable of Cheshire Police , Dave Whatton , who speaks for Acpo on rape issues , said even when allegations were withdrawn they must still be investigated . `` If somebody 's saying , ' I have been raped but I 'm not prepared to go forward with this at court , ' then it should still stay as a crime . `` That is n't something that should be withdrawn . Because in terms of threshold tests , it has to be proved that the offence did not take place , not that we ca n't take forward the investigation . '' Lisa Longstaff , of campaign group Women Against Rape , accused police of not taking rape seriously enough . She said police have 72 hours in which to investigate a rape allegation and declare it a crime but some were using this as a way to avoid investigating . BBC website readers have been commenting on this story . Here is a selection of their thoughts and experiences . I was attacked by two men two years ago and reported it the morning after . I was accused by a female officer of making it up and being ' a fantasist ' because I had been drinking . I have talked to police officers who say they know that the CPS will not prosecute most of the cases they investigate , so they feel there is little point in spending resources on an investigation . The process has got to change .
Ursula , UK 'Drink ' , 'provocative clothing ' , 'walking alone ' and 'on a date with ' : if these words were ever associated with a victim of male or child rape not getting justice there would be a public outcry . Yet all these have sometimes been used as excuses for women perceived to be 'asking ' to be raped . The prejudice based on sensationalistic coverage of those few false rape cases also seems to be all too readily at the forefront of some people 's minds when a rape is reported , rather than the suffering of the victims .
Alison , North Wales , UK I think the media should improve how they report rape claims instead of the knee jerk assumption that an allegation of rape is as good as a guilty verdict . The fact that so few allegations result in convictions can have two interpretations : first that rapists are getting away with it - which is quite possible ; second that those who claim they are victims are making false allegations , which is also possible . For what it is worth , I have no idea what percentage of alleged rapists is actually guilty , whether it be all or none . I doubt the BBC knows any better .
Steve , London , UK I am a victim of rape in a different way : I was accused of rape when I had blatantly not done a thing wrong . After tests , the girl was cautioned for wasting hours of expensive police time and I was let go . The whole thing was very hurtful and my dad wanted to sue for slander . I am appalled by the fact that women think they will get away with this . I 'm not surprised at the numbers provided by your recent investigation .
Anonymous , UK I work for an independent rape and sexual abuse organisation . Many of my clients are openly discouraged from pursuing prosecutions and some have had their allegations disbelieved . It is not the job of the police to tell someone that court will be tough for them and they probably should n't take things further . Unfortunately , the targets they are set and the amount of cost and paperwork mean that many police make quick judgments . The number-crunching process dictated by the government causes more of a skew on figures than anything else .
Anonymous , North West , UK It 's fairly clear that the police force suffers from the same problem many other public institutions have nowadays - league tables and obsessions with statistics . This encourages them to shy away from crimes such as rape , which are difficult to handle and harder to prove .
Rosie , London , UK The way justice systems deal with sex crimes is generally contemptible across the world but one would have expected rather better from the UK . Such situations are the product of inaction on the part of the public : the rapist may the one ultimately responsible for the act but society is responsible for the administration of justice thereafter . Demand action , petition your MP .
Ross White-Chinnery , Beijing , China
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
OSLO ( Reuters ) - A thaw of Iceland 's ice caps in coming decades caused by climate change may trigger more volcanic eruptions by removing a vast weight and freeing magma from deep below ground , scientists said on Friday .
An aerial handout photo from the Icelandic Coast Guard shows melting ice caused by a volcanic eruption at Eyjafjalla Glacier in southern Iceland April 14 , 2010 . The volcanic eruption on Wednesday partially melted a glacier , setting off a major flood that threatened to damage roads and bridges and forcing hundreds to evacuate from a thinly populated area . Picture taken April 14 , 2010 . REUTERS/Icelandic Coast Guard/Arni Saeberg/Handout
They said there was no sign that the current eruption from below the Eyjafjallajokull glacier that has paralysed flights over northern Europe was linked to global warming . The glacier is too small and light to affect local geology .
“ Our work suggests that eventually there will be either somewhat larger eruptions or more frequent eruptions in Iceland in coming decades , ” said Freysteinn Sigmundsson , a vulcanologist at the University of Iceland .
“ Global warming melts ice and this can influence magmatic systems , ” he told Reuters . The end of the Ice Age 10,000 years ago coincided with a surge in volcanic activity in Iceland , apparently because huge ice caps thinned and the land rose .
“ We believe the reduction of ice has not been important in triggering this latest eruption , ” he said of Eyjafjallajokull . “ The eruption is happening under a relatively small ice cap . ”
Carolina Pagli , a geophysicist at the University of Leeds in England , said there were risks that climate change could also trigger volcanic eruptions or earthquakes in places such as Mount Erebus in Antarctica , the Aleutian islands of Alaska or Patagonia in South America .
MAGMA
“ The effects would be biggest with ice-capped volcanoes , ” she said . “ If you remove a load that is big enough you will also have an effect at depths on magma production . ”
She and Sigmundsson wrote a 2008 paper in the scientific journal Geophysical Research Letters about possible links between global warming and Icelandic volcanoes .
That report said that about 10 percent of Iceland 's biggest ice cap , Vatnajokull , has melted since 1890 and the land nearby was rising about 25 millimetres ( 0.98 inch ) a year , bringing shifts in geological stresses .
They estimated that the thaw had led to the formation of 1.4 cubic km ( 0.3 cubic mile ) of magma deep below ground over the past century .
At high pressures such as under an ice cap , they reckon that rocks can not expand to turn into liquid magma even if they are hot enough . “ As the ice melts the rock can melt because the pressure decreases , ” she said .
Sigmundsson said that monitoring of the Vatnajokull volcano since 2008 suggested that the 2008 estimate for magma generation was “ probably a minimum estimate . It can be somewhat larger . ”
He said that melting ice seemed the main way in which climate change , blamed mainly on use of fossil fuels , could have knock-on effects on geology . The U.N. climate panel says that global warming will cause more floods , droughts and rising seas .
For Reuters latest environment blogs , click on : blogs.reuters.com/environment/
President-elect Donald Trump said Friday morning that Mexico would pay the U.S. back for a border wall , following reports he may ask Congress for U.S. tax dollars to pay for it .
In an early-morning tweet , Trump ripped “ the dishonest media ” for not reporting that any money spent on building the wall “ for sake of speed ” will later be paid back by Mexico .
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall ( for sake of speed ) , will be paid back by Mexico later ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) January 6 , 2017
CNN and the Associated Press reported that Trump 's transition team has spoken with Republican leaders in Congress about funding the wall through the appropriations process , using the authority of a 2006 law to build fencing along the border . Doing so would avoid the need to pass a new border-wall bill . That measure would likely run into heavy opposition by many lawmakers .
Read : U.S. taxpayers may end up paying for Trump 's border wall with Mexico .
Trump has indeed said previously that Mexico would pay the U.S. back . In October , he said “ the country Mexico will be reimbursing the United States for the full cost of such wall . ”
Mexico has n't agreed to that .
A wall on the U.S.-Mexico border — and making Mexico pay for it — was a chief theme of Trump 's presidential campaign .
Image copyright Getty Images
Business leaders and politicians asked former Foreign Secretary William Hague how the UK would `` get round '' the EU referendum result , he has revealed .
In the Daily Telegraph , Lord Hague said he was asked the question `` for months ... everywhere I went abroad '' if `` we would lose heart '' about leaving .
He said he explained to them that `` this really is a democracy '' .
Lord Hague also backed a `` transitional '' withdrawal from the EU saying it had `` immense '' attractions .
'Message got through '
Lord Hague - who campaigned to remain in the EU - stood down as foreign secretary in 2014 , and left the House of Commons in 2015 .
He wrote in Tuesday 's Telegraph : `` The electorate voted to leave the EU , and therefore we leave .
`` What is more , the number of people who voted to do so was higher than the number of votes cast for any government in our history .
`` To me and many of my former colleagues in government who preferred to remain , the argument was over .
`` In the recent general election , both main parties were clear that they were committed to the referendum outcome .
`` Globally , the message has now got through . ''
But Lord Hague added that `` just as the message was accepted , the voters pulled off another surprise and refused to give a majority to the ministers negotiating the exit '' [ in the general election ] .
He said there was the clear potential for Brexit to become the `` greatest economic , diplomatic and constitutional muddle in the modern history of the UK , with unknowable consequences for the country , the government and the Brexit project itself '' .
And he said the Chancellor Philip Hammond deserved `` great credit '' for putting forward a possible solution .
Lord Hague said : `` He has evidently been trying to persuade his cabinet colleagues that we should be seeking to stay in the EU single market and customs union during a transition and 'implementation ' phase lasting to 2022 , followed by a free trade deal with our former partners after that .
`` This is seen by longstanding advocates of leaving as a 'soft ' position or a climb .
`` But in reality it is a plan to rescue Brexit from an approaching disaster . ''
Mr Hammond has said any transitional deal in the period after Brexit must end by June 2022 , the time of the next general election .
But the chancellor said there must be `` business as usual , life as normal '' for Britons as the UK left the EU .
Get news from the BBC in your inbox , each weekday morning
News / National
by Staff Reporter
A 32-year-old Masvingo woman allegedly poisoned six children , including her two children and their cousin , before taking her own life after having a dispute with her mother and going for two days without eating.Angeline Mabhiza ( 32 ) of Nago Village under Headman Nemarundwi , killed the other three children who had visited her homestead intending to ask for water to drink.Mabhiza and three of the children , Taurai ( 7 ) , Leon ( 6 ) and Farai ( 2 ) died on Monday last week shortly after drinking a chemical believed to be a pesticide.Farai , according to relatives , was found dead by pupils from Nemarundwi Secondary School , while Leon , Mabhiza and Taurai were alive , but frothing while lying down at the homestead.Mabhiza , Taurai and Farai were buried on Wednesday in Zimuto , while Leon was buried at his mother Loveness Rukave 's home in Zaka District.Last Friday , close relatives said prior to the tragedy , Mabhiza had gone for two days without eating following a dispute with her mother . `` Two days before she died , Angeline had not eaten anything after she had a dispute with her mother Nyunyuto Mabhiza over the children , '' said a relative . `` This could be the cause of the tragedy . When Nyunyuto went away , we suspect she took advantage of the situation to poison the children before taking her own life . `` The relative said Mabhiza had three cases of baby dumping , two in 2011 and one in 2012.The relative said Mabhiza gave birth to Farai soon after serving a community service sentence for infanticide in 2012.Our Bulawayo Bureau visited the family on Friday and was told that Mabhiza 's mother Nyunyuto was away with other family members to consult traditional healers over the tragedy.When she returned shortly after the arrival of the news crew , Nyunyuto declined to be interviewed . `` There is nothing I can tell you , I was not there when it happened , '' she said . `` I do not entertain the media and you can not force me to talk . `` Her daughter-in-law Talent Wapindami , who expressed shock over the tragedy , said it could have been better if Mabhiza had killed herself and left the children . `` I wonder what crept into her head which saw her also poisoning someone 's child , '' said Wapindami .
The Matrix
Keanu Reeves made an appearance at New York Comic Con to discuss his new film , Replicas . You ca n't put Reeves in front of sci-fi superfans and not have him discuss the rest of his work , so naturally he answered questions about The Matrix , Bill & Ted , and John Wick .
Everyone has a different favorite Keanu vehicle . He addressed a question about possible Matrix reboots first—but not before the crowd at his panel booed the idea .
Reeves ' response was interesting . IGN reports he lowered his head and held his mic out to the crowd , as if indicating agreement .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
Bill & Ted Bill and Ted ( Maxim )
Then he reportedly said , `` Remaking The Matrix . I do n't know . Maybe it's—I do n't know anything about it . ''
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
Then someone brought up a Bill and Ted sequel and Reeves dropped some news—the movie has a title , Bill and Ted Face the Music , and :
`` We 're trying , '' he said . `` There 's a script out there . We 're just trying to get it made . Show business is tough . It 's a cautionary tale . They 're supposed to save the world . But when we see them they have n't saved the world and they 're married and have kids . And they 're playing to nobody . ... But they have to write the song… and face the music ! Hopefully we 'll make it before I 'm 60 . ''
As for John Wick 3 , Reeves did n't really tell the crowd anything they could n't guess from having seen the first two films . `` John Wick 's in trouble , '' he reportedly said with a laugh , `` So we 've been working on it and I think we have some good ideas . Yeah , some really good ideas . But John 's in trouble . ''
John Wick Chapter 2 John Wick : Chapter 2
He followed up by saying he hopes the third Wick will begin filming in 2018 .
Based on the popular and critical reaction to the series so far , Reeves is definitely not the only one itching to jump back into the Wick universe .
Reeves ' Replicas is a sci-fi thriller about a scientist who attempts to clone his dead family . Watch the trailer released at Comic Con below . No firm date has been set for release , but it 's expected to hit theaters later in 2017 .
h/t IGN
Some readers have been asking me to reply to Casey Mulligan 's latest attack on my recent book . Um , no . Life is short , and if I spent my time responding to every attack on yours truly — or indeed , every thing Mulligan himself writes that I consider foolish — I would have no time to do anything else . So let me just outsource this to John Quiggin .
Now , Quiggin 's post takes on both Mulligan 's specifics and the broader claim that increased use of the social safety net is a cause rather than a result of the depressed economy . As one of his commenters points out , this amounts to the claim that soup kitchens caused the Great Depression . Quiggin does an admirable job of refuting this claim . I would , however , add one more point . If you really believe that the problem is that excessive generosity to the downtrodden is reducing the incentive to work , so that what we really have is a supply problem rather than a demand problem , you should expect to see upward pressure on wages . What we actually see :
Photo
Oh , and feel the hyperinflation .
A few years ago I went to see The Fall . It 's a gorgeous hot mess of a movie , if anyone 's interested . It 's a Tarsem movie , they 're all gorgeous and weird , and kind of hot messes , lol . Anyway , in among all the gorgeous weirdness , was one particular scene shot on an eye-boggling location .
I dismissed it as a special effect – there could n't be an actual place that looked like that . I completely forgot about it until the same location ( or , as I found out later , a set based on it ) popped up in The Dark Knight Rises several years later .
What .
I did a bit of googling and OMG . Yes . This place actually exists . It 's an ancient stepwell in India called Chand Baori , and it looks every bit as awesome as the movies make them look .
Awesome right ?
So of course I 'm looking at this huge thing and thinking “ Hey… would n't look cool if I built it in minecraft ? ”
This was a bear of a build – digging out the space from the middle outwards took forever even with scads of TNT , and then you would be surprised how long it takes to precisely line up all those stairs . And then doing the fortification at the top . It 's no real wonder I ran out of steam and did n't do the temple in the middle . Still it looks awesome – goodness knows everyone who visits it for the first time is all ! ! ! when they visit it . My favorite reaction is still Palcto 's “ Is this a Death Arena ? ? ? ” ( He still calls it that when he visits . XD )
I have my view distance set to 350 blocks , which is over the max amount for my phone as determined by the game , but it makes for such good pictures . You can see across the swamp to Wacker Tower in that one .
It looks super awesome from the top . Just the TEXTURE of it .
Now comes with chicken !
So about that bit of water filling the lower stairs of this build . Since I was n't building the temple , I thought it 'd be cool to make the bit of water at the bottom more interesting…
So as you can see it goes down several more levels under the water . But what 's in the very center ?
I 'm always creating stuff with the idea that I 'm going to turn this world into a more public server someday . So I designed the lower level as a hidden apartment complex . I think Wee Beast does have a base down here , but the rest is empty . In fact , I may not actually be finished digging some of the units out lol . Someday .
By the way – I do design a lot of these builds on graph paper . Here 's a rough sketch of the apartment level floor plans :
also gives me chance to use netherbrick , which is one of my favorite textures in the game – I just dont get much practical use out of it .
Bookshelves are another big Thing I like To Use A Lot .
This way ends up at a stairwell on the west side of the structure .
But if you keep going down the hallway instead of climbing out…
I 'm a big fan of preserving natural terrain or caves or other generated weirdness in and around my builds , or at least faking that I did so more or less convincingly . There was a waterfall here , but it was only a single stream and flooded the area I needed to put floor , so I dug it a pit to drain into and widen it a little .
Keep walking though , and eventually you come to…
This was actually the first station I had to add to the Netherrack line after it was built , which partially explains why this station was on the other side of the tracks from the rest of them . ( Also easier to connect the rest of the structure . )
Sand Baori actually sits on the Granite line as well , via an unconnected subway station on the north side .
I… might have a subway station formula I adhere to… > _ >
Anyway , that 's the build ! I leave you with an animated version of today 's cover photo :
A few more pictures from my very first server run can be found at this post .
World : Main
Location : 131 64 -142
Creation Mode : Creative
Build completed : Jan 2015
TBogg is Tom Boggioni , a writer based in San Diego , Ca . More specifically in Pacific Beach . Okay , in Crown Point , if you must know . Happy now ? He was once known as a `` somewhat popular blogger '' back when blogs were a 'thing ' . He is writing the Great American Novel , minus the 'great ' part .
What the people of St. Louis County need right now is peace . Peace , reconciliation , healing , greater understanding between the races leading to a brighter future for their children where they will judge by the content of their character and not the color of their skin . Where the lamb shall lie down with lion and peace will guide the planets and love will steer the stars .
Unfortunately St. Louis County is located in Missouri which is located in the United States of America which is the NRA 's world : we just try to live here , mainly by ducking a lot because our neighbor is cleaning his gun again and that always ends well .
So , in a time of militarized police and kids starting out younger and younger getting their first Uzi kill before they receive their first kiss , it would make sense to think that now is the perfect moment to roll out a new line of pocket-sized shotguns for those special intimate times when a simple squirt of pepper-spray does n't create a wide enough pattern of destruction and pain .
Pevely-based Heizer Defense and St. Louis-based DoubleTap Defense are pushing new guns — sharing a common , and somewhat contentious , ancestry — targeting the highly competitive concealed carry market . [ … ] Among Heizer 's offerings is a series of brightly colored guns — called the Hedy Jane model — targeting female shooters . There 's even a jewelry line in matching green , blue , pink and purple hues .
And the Pocket Shotgun , which sells for around $ 400 , is about to be followed by a Pocket AR — chambered in the same .223 caliber common in AR-15 rifles . The expectation is that owners of the popular rifles will be drawn to these small handguns , made of stainless steel , that can shoot the same ammo . “ It 's a perfect companion , ” said Eric Polkis , Heizer 's director of sales . “ It 's very unique . You ca n't really compare it to anything else that 's out there . ”
While you 're letting that soak in — like blood into asphalt — here is a picture of the ladies model which will shoot a standard .410 shotgun shell . Please note the lovely styling job , surrounded by pearls and spent cartridges .
Tell us more :
Charles Heizer , founder of the 52-year-old aerospace firm , sees the move into gun manufacturing as a natural one for a company that makes aircraft parts , including wing panels , built to exacting tolerances . “ We 've been thinking about it for a long time , ” Heizer said . “ Aerospace is so up and down . ”
Whereas random and accidental shootings are a growth industry in America — along with child-sized coffin manufacturing , –so why not catch the wave of blood ?
And what better way to do that than by providing women with a pint-sized shotgun that they can easily toss into their purse along with their sunglasses , loose change , hand cream , tissues , coupons , and those lady things that usually keep men out of their wives purses . But kids ? Kids love pawing through purses looking for Tic-Tacs , loose change and now , oooo look ! : a Hello Kitty-colored shotgun ! What could possibly go wrong ?
Oh , yeah . This . But , you know : freedom , 2nd Amendment , tree of liberty watered with the blood of tyrants toddlers . Etc .
Besides , it 's what the Founding Fathers would have wanted .
Particularly in four kicky colors if you need to liven up that little black dress that works for both a night out on the town dancing or for an impromptu child 's funeral .
Matching jewelry extra…
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT ON PUTTYHILL AVENUE THAT CRASHES RIGHTINTO THE STATION. > > I GOT MY CAR AND DROVE UP ANDSAW AMAZING , THE CAR WAS UPSIDEDOWN ON THE PUMPS AT THE CARROLLSTATION. > > HE RECALLS WHAT HE SAW AS HEOPENED UP FOR BUSINESS MONDAYMORNING.AT AROUND 455 A.M. , SURVEILLANCECAMERAS WITH A COUPLE OFDIFFERENT ANGLES CAPTURED THE2007 MERCURY MILAN DRIVEN BY A64-YEAR-OLD MAN CAREENING OUT OFCONTROL DOWN PUTTY HILL AVENUEIN PARKVILLE , THEN CRASHING INTOA GAS PUMP AT THE CARROLL FUELSTATIO > > IT CAME THROUGH AND TOOK SOMEOF THE BUSHES OUT AND JUST TRIMTHEM FOR US.HOW HE GOT THROUGH AND FLIPPEDTHE WAY IT DID I DO NOT KNOW.FROM WHAT I SEE ON THE MARKS ITHAD TO GO AIRBORNE AND COME DOWNON THE PUMP.LOWELL CARBONACHECK : SAYS THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHERTHINGS FOR THE DRIVER TO HIT BUTHE DID N'T LIKE , HIS SIGN , ATELEPHONE POLE , AND A TRAFFICSIGNAL.AS TO WHY THE CRASH DID N'T CAUSEA FIRE OR EXPLOSIOCREWS FIXING THE PUMP LATER THE DAY TOLD 11-NEWS THESE SHEARVALVES PREVENTED DISASTE > > IF THE OUTSIDE DISPENSER GETSHIT BY A CAR IN OCTOBER , THATVALVE AUTOMATICAL OPENS ANDDROPS THE BALL IN THERE ANDSHUTS OFF ALL THE FUEL.LOWELL AND IT IS A GOOD THING IT : WORKED , AS BOTH GAS STATIONSHAVE A COMBINED ALMOST 50,000GALLONS OF FUEL UNDER GROUNDAS POLICE CONTINUE TOINVESTIGATE THIS CRASH , THEYTELL US ALCOHOL WAS NOT AFACTOR.IT COULD HAVE BEEN A HEALTHISSUE OR SIMPLY AN ACCIDENT.AS FAR AS THE DRIVERS CONDITION
Advertisement Driver dies days after horrific crash into gas pump Car slams into gas pump , overturns in Parkville Share Copy Link Copy
The driver of a car that slammed into a gas pump in Parkville and overturned has died days after the incident . Download the WBAL app Shocking surveillance video shows a car slamming into a pump at a gas station , knocking it over and flipping upside down . A 2007 Mercury Milan driven by a 64-year-old man around 4:55 a.m. Monday careened out of control down Putty Hill Avenue in Parkville and crashed into a gas pump at the Carroll Fuel Station . Police said the driver , Ronald Magsamen , died Thursday afternoon at a hospital . Don Karbowniczek , who owns the Woodcroft Exxon across the street , said it 's amazing there 's not more damage . `` It came right through , took some of our bushes out , just trimmed them for us , and how it got through and flip the way it did , I do n't know . From what I see on the marks , it had to go airborne and just come down on the pump , '' Karbowniczek said . The car just missed a sign , a vacuum machine , a telephone pole and traffic signal pole . `` I just got in my car and drove up and saw , amazing , the car was upside down on the pumps at the Carroll station , '' Karbowniczek said . Karbowniczek pointed out how lucky everyone is that there was n't a fire . `` Keep in mind , they 've got probably 25,000 gallons of gas in the ground , so you 're not just talking about what you can see there with the pump . We 've got 20,000 in the ground . That 's a ( Massive Ordnance Air Blast ) bomb ; that 's what they dropped on Afghanistan . It could 've taken out large portions , '' Karbowniczek said . Crews fixing the pump later in the day Monday told 11 News that shear valves prevented disaster . `` If the outside dispenser that 's exposed to the public gets hit by a car and knocked over that sheer valve automatically opens drops a ball in there and just shuts off all the fuel , '' Karbowniczek said . Both gas stations have a combined almost 50,000 gallons of fuel underground . As police continue to investigate , they said alcohol is not a factor in the crash , so it may have been a health issue or just an accident . Crews from Carroll Fuel spent all day Monday repairing the damaged pump .
This is the story of a struggling comedian who reached great success and never forgot where he came from . You probably know Zach Galifianakis from The Hangover movies . Read what he recently did for a homeless woman below – it 's really awesome .
This is Mimi Haist . An 87 year old woman who used to volunteer in the LA laundromat she is seen in here . She got by on the tips left for her by the patrons of the laundromat .
This is Zach Galifianakis . He was one of those patrons of the LA laundromat where Mimi worked . He met and befriended her in 1994 when he was still a struggling comic . With the success of The Hangover , Zach 's life changed drastically and he lost touch with Mimi . That is until two years ago when he learned that she had become homeless .
After learning of Mimi 's misfortune , Zach Galifianakis found her a one-bedroom apartment which he pays the rent for . He also introduced her to Renee Zellweger , who furnished her apartment and buys her groceries . Here she is getting ready for a big night .
Zach has taken Mimi to the last two Hangover movie premiers as well the premier for his movie The Campaign . She says she is often mistaken for his “ girlfriend . ”
Advertisements
TWITTER/ @ ex_cllr_rch Police are at the scene of the incident tonight
The male officer , aged in his 20s , suffered a suspected broken leg , cuts and bruising . His injuries are not believed to be life-threatening . The officer was taken to hospital after being knocked down when attempting to stop a vehicle suspected of being involved in a burglary earlier today in Dulwich , south London at 5.30pm . A male passenger was arrested at the scene but the driver fled towards railway tracks at North Dulwich station and remains on the run . According to eyewitnesses two officers attempted to stop at least one burglar , and one of them was then run over .
GOOGLE MAPS A police officer has reportedly been run over in south London
Southern railway said services in the the area were briefly brought to a halt due to a trespasser on the track in north Dulwich . Locals said a heavy police presence had been deployed in the area , including police cars , a riot van and a helicopter . The incident is believed to have taken place on East Dulwich Grove . Southwark police said on Twitter : “ We are dealing with an incident on East Dulwich Grove SE22 - the road is closed , please avoid the area. ” A statement from Metropolitan police said : “ A police officer has been injured after being knocked over during the attempted stop of a vehicle in Southwark earlier today , Thursday , 14 April . The Southwark borough officer was on patrol in Dulwich at around 17:35hrs when he identified a vehicle suspected to be involved in a burglary earlier in the day . The officer requested additional police units to assist in stopping the Land Rover . A second Southwark response car subsequently located the vehicle on Village Way , SE21 , and indicated to the driver to stop , which they did . A police officer approached the Land Rover on foot , and opened the driver 's door . At this point the vehicle reversed at speed , taking the officer with him , before crashing into parked cars . The male officer , aged in his 20s , suffered a suspected broken leg , cuts and bruising . He was taken to a south London hospital where he currently remains . At this stage his injures are not believed to be life-threatening . ”
Image caption Viktor Bout is alleged to have sold arms to warlords in Africa and Afghanistan
A Thai court has rejected a request to drop charges of money laundering and fraud against suspected Russian arms smuggler Viktor Bout , stalling his extradition to the US .
Mr Bout was to be extradited in August , to face trial for conspiring to sell weapons to a Colombian rebel group .
But it was postponed after the new charges led to legal complications .
The US and Russia have been squabbling over his fate since his 2008 arrest in a joint Thai-US sting operation .
After more than 15 years of allegedly running guns to African warlords and Islamic militants , Mr Bout was arrested at a Bangkok hotel by US agents posing as Colombian Farc rebels , after he allegedly tried to sell them weapons .
Mr Bout , dubbed the Merchant of Death by a British politician , is pleading not guilty to charges of conspiracy to sell arms to Colombian rebels .
He faces a maximum penalty of life in prison if convicted .
Legal bottleneck
An appeals court ordered Mr Bout 's extradition on 20 August , and ruled that it must take place within three months .
His extradition was delayed by a legal bottleneck over the extra charges of money laundering and fraud , lodged by the US against Mr Bout in February .
The Bangkok Criminal Court rejected a US and Thai request to drop the charges , meaning new legal proceedings must be launched .
If the case drags out , the extradition order will expire and a two-and-a-half-year process will have to start all over again .
Moscow has been demanding his release , saying that Mr Bout is an innocent businessman .
Mr Bout , a former Russian air force officer , is thought to have knowledge of Russia 's military and intelligence operations .
Analysts say Moscow is perhaps worried he might turn state witness on trial in the US , and there may be some secrets they would rather not have him spill .
If your USB device fails to work on Windows 7 , 8.1 , Windows 10 with code 43 error in Device Manager , then you need to read the following to be able to fix the problem
There is no news in the fact that there are problems with the USB connectivity in Windows 7 , 8.1 , Windows 10 . We have explained in a previous post how to fix slow USB 3.0 problems in Windows 8.1 , 10 and now it 's time to talk about another specific problem – the code 43 error that you see in the Device Manager .
Shared by the Microsoft Windows USB Core Team on a recent posting , this annoying USB problem seems to finally have received an end . Here 's what the team says :
A few USB devices when connected to a port of an Enhanced Host Controller ( EHCI ) might not enumerate on Windows 8.1 but work on Windows 8 . In Windows 8.1 , the failure is reported as error code 43 in Device Manager . One of the reasons is that the device reports itself as supporting a USB version greater than 2.00 , but does not provide the required BOS descriptor .
As per the official USB specification , a USB device with version 2.00 or greater must provide a BOS descriptor . In Windows 8 , the USB 2.0 driver stack does not validate that requirement . As a result , a 2.00 or greater device without a BOS descriptor , enumerates successfully when connected to an EHCI controller . In Windows 8.1 , the driver stack has been updated and enumeration fails for such devices . Note : The USB 3.0 eXtensible Host Controller ( xHCI ) driver in Windows 8 and 8.1 validates that requirement . We are investigating a possible workaround for devices with that problem .
This is a hard nut to crack , as you will be required to do several quite technical things in order to get rid of it . If the below steps wo n't solve your problem , leave your exact device model number with a comment here or on the above mentioned posting from the Microsoft Windows USB Core Team and maybe they will help .
How to fix USB Code 43 error on Windows PCs
1 . Check the bcdUSB and fid_URB_Hdr_Status values ( Windows 8.1 )
Capture a USB ETW trace for the enumeration failure .
Open the trace in the Microsoft Network Monitor application ( Netmon )
Open the Find Frame dialog ( CTRL-F ) and search for the USBPort.USBPORT_ETW_EVENT_DEVICE_INITIALIZE event
Expand the fid_USBPORT_DeviceDescriptor field in the Frame Details pane and see the value of bcdUSB
If the bcdUSB value is greater than 0x200 , open the Find Frame dialog again and search for USBPort.USBPORT_ETW_EVENT_COMPLETE_URB_FUNCTION_CONTROL_TRANSFER_EX.ControlTransfer.Urb.SetupPacket.Value_DescriptorType == 0xf . The search returns control transfer completion for the BOS descriptor type of 0x0F
Expand the ControlTransfer field in Frame Details pane and view the URB_Hdr_Status value
If the fid_URB_Hdr_Status value is anything other than “ success ” , the device failed to return a BOS descriptor even though it reports a version greater than 0x200 .
2 . Unplug all peripherals and restart your computer
Restarting your computer or laptop may fix this error quicker than you may think . But there 's a catch : since error 43 affects your USB connection , you should first unplug all peripherals connected to your device .
Then restart your computer and plug your peripherals back in one by one .
3 . Launch the Windows Troubleshooter
Windows 10 comes with a built-in troubleshooter that allows users to quickly fix various issues . Here 's how to use it :
Go to Settings > Update & Security > Troubleshoot Go to Find and fix other problems > click on Hardware and Devices > launch the troubleshooter Wait until the troubleshooting process completes > check if the issue persists .
4 . Remove the problematic USB controller driver
If the solutions above did n't work , identify the problematic USB controller driver , uninstall it and then re-install on your computer .
Launch Device Manager > go to Universal Serial Bus controllers Check if there is a yellow triangle with an exclamation mark there . It should be accompanied by the description ‘ Unknown Device ' Select the problematic driver > in the new window , go to the Driver tab > click Uninstall to remove the USB controllers driver Now click on Scan for hardware changes ' to re-install the driver .
Note : this solution works only of the error message ‘ Windows has stopped this device because it has reported problems . ( Code 43 ) ' is visible under the General tab – Device status .
5 . Update Windows
Make sure that you 're running the latest Windows OS updates on your machine . As a quick reminder , Microsoft constantly rolls out Windows updates in order to improve the system 's stability and fix various issues , including USB errors .
To access the Windows Update section , you can simply type “ update ” in the search box . This method works on all Windows versions . Then go to Windows Update , check for updates and install the available updates .
6 . Run a full system scan
Malware may cause various issues on your computer , including hardware errors . Perform a full system scan in order to detect any malware running on your computer . You can use Windows ' built-in antivirus , Windows Defender , or third-party antivirus solutions .
Here 's how to run a full system scan on Windows 10 Creators Update :
Go to Start > type ‘ defender ' > double click Windows Defender to launch the tool In the left hand pane , select the shield icon In the new window , click the Advanced scan option Check the full scan option to launch a full system malware scan .
7 . Replace the problematic hardware
If none of the solutions listed above fixed the error , test the problematic USB device on another computer . If the same error occurs or the device fails to work , this indicates that the device itself i triggering error 43 and you need to replace it .
Let us know if you managed to fix the Windows 7 , 8.1 , 10USB problem highlighted with code 43 error by following the above steps .
Editor 's Note : This post was originally published in November 2013 and has been since completely revamped and updated for freshness , accuracy , and comprehensiveness .
RELATED STORIES TO CHECK OUT :
In full : “ Pay-to-fly ” ( P2F ) or “ self-sponsored line training ” are aviation industry practice whereby a professional pilot flies an aircraft on a regular revenue-earning flight – as any other qualified crewmember – but instead of receiving a salary he/she pays the airline for the flight hours . Usually , these flight hours are part of the ‘ type rating ' – a standard in-house training course on a specific type of aircraft – which is part of every pilot 's professional career ...
With Europe 's aviation employment market being largely saturated and only few jobs on offer , an increasing number of training schools and airlines sell these flight hours through P2F contracts . The ‘ cost ' of these hours is deducted from the pilot 's ( usually very low ) salary and in most cases equals or even exceeds the salary . Ironically , this means that this young pilot is the one on board who pays most for his/her seat ...
I went down to Atlanta to visit family and take in the Eastern Conference leaders , the Atlanta Hawks . The PR staff for Atlanta were kind enough to roll out the red carpet for Hoopscritic .
First note , traffic is terrible in Atlanta . Actually , it 's terrible in every major city . Thankfully I left 30 minutes early to get to the arena by 5:30pm . Finding the Media Parking lot was no easy task in Atlanta . It 's actually under the highway . I found my way there after a few laps around the neighborhood and spend the better half of the decade finding a parking spot . But I made it .
I head into the media entrance and see the media room is packed . Tons of national guys and Sekou Smith walks in behind me . I make my way to the room to pick up the game 's information . NBA teams have many more stats than the internet has such as :
The Atlanta Hawks played host to the streaking Thunder , winner of 4 in a row and 7 of their last ten . Atlanta , the Eastern Conference 's best team looks to end that streak and continue their dominance against the Western Conference . Atlanta puts their 10-2 record against no conference teams to the test against Westbrook and Durant .
With a win tonight against the Thunder , this Hawks team will set the franchise record for most consecutive wins . The Hawks have won 14 straight games coming into tonight 's match up . They have held double digit leads in each of those 14 games . Atlanta is 30-1 when holding a lead of at least 10 points during a game .
To further demonstrate the Hawks dominance this season , they are only one of two teams to be Top 10 in both scoring and fewest points allowed per game . Over the past seven games , they have held their opponents to 89.7 points per game .
The player to watch in tonight 's game will be Jeff Teague as he matches up against the league 's best point guard , Russell Westbrook . Teague is just 2 three point field goals shy of tying Jamal Crawford for the 8th spot on the Hawks all time list for three pointers made at 282 . Al Horford needs one double-double to tie Dikembe Mutombo for 9th in franchise history with 181 .
After hanging out courtside while teams warmed up , players got their stretches and rubbing elbows with other media members , I headed up to my seat for the game . The hallways of the Philips Arena are lined with photos of famous artists performing here included the great Lil Bow Wow .
The first quarter started off with a few missed buckets as both teams were feeling each other out . Serge Ibaka led the Thunder with a monstrous dunk and a block in the first couple of possessions .
Pero Antic has been left open by everyone and did n't make the Thunder pay . Atlanta missed a couple of easy buckets after making the extra pass . The Thunder turned to a zone defense late in the first quarter .
Rest will be something to keep an eye on as Westbrook and Serge played almost the entire first quarter . Kevin Durant and Westbrook combined for 21 first quarter points as the Thunder closed the quarter strong and took a 30-23 into the second .
Fun fact : The Hawks are undefeated when Korver dunks . Kyle had a fast break dunk in the second quarter .
The Thunder started with Durant-Morrow-Waiters-Jackson-Perkins . This line up struggled to score a point , in fact they went three scoreless minutes . Oklahoma did n't get their first made field goal until 4 minutes into the quarter .
To make matters worse for the Thunder , after scoring 21 in the first quarter , Durant/Westbrook combined for 4 points . Westbrook went scoreless . They tried utilizing perimeter screen sets but turned into hero ball , which allowed the Hawks to force some turnovers and missed shots .
Mike Budenholzer 's adjustments paid off as they were able to head into the locker room with a one point lead despite playing poorly . They controlled the glass 26-18 at the half . They held the Thunder to 17 second quarter points .
I have to throw a hat tip to section 112 . They stood on their feet the entire 1st quarter , leading all the chants . Who says the Hawks do n't have fans ? When you win 14 in a row , people start to notice .
At the half , you get to stretch your legs , text your friends and do all the stuff you should n't be doing if you are actually covering the game . The guy next to me has been searching for t-shirts online . Non-basketball related tees mind you .
The third quarter was a different story . Atlanta came out very aggressive . The frustrations on the Thunder side seemed to mount as Westbrook could be seen flopping , arguing with teammates and overall the team looking lost on rotations .
Atlanta continued to dominate the glass . They continued to defend Westbrook and Durant well , whom have n't been able to get into a rhythm since the first quarter . Atlanta 's ability to get to the rim opened up a couple of things : free throw attempts and provided space for the three point shooters .
Atlanta took a 4 point lead into the fourth quarter .
The fourth quarter started off for the Hawks the same way they left off the 3rd . Westbrook spent most of the beginning of the quarter at the end of the bench . He did n't see playing time until about 8 minutes left in the game .
Dennis Schroeder was the difference maker in this game with 13 points , 5 assists and 3 rebounds in 17 minutes . His ability to get to the basket really set the tempo for Atlanta in the second half .
The big story was Westbrook and Ibaka getting into an argument over a boxing out/missed rebound . Since that moment , the Thunder seemed defeated . Their frustrations boiled over into a loss against the best team in the Eastern Conference .
Atlanta improved to 36-8 and the Thunder fell to 22-21 . I wonder what Kevin Durant will say after the game with his comments regarding the Hawks not being the best team . With the win , this Hawks team broke their franchise record with 15 games in a row . Al Horford tied Dikembe with his 181th double-double .
“ We just continue to keep doing what we do . We had to continue to drive. ” said Jeff Teague after the game . That was the big difference maker . Speaking with Bob Rathbun after the game , he said , “ We had a camera angle from on top of the hoop looking into the huddle and not one player was n't paying attention . This team likes playing with each other and they like playing for this coach , this is a great group of guys . ”
After the game , media member wait patiently for the teams to open the locker rooms to outsiders . A hoard of reports , especially a big game like this , shuffle in to ask players questions , get their sound bites , and finish their work before they get to go to bed . Until they do it all over again the next game . Which will be Sunday night when the Timberwolves come to town to battle the Hawks .
User Info : RickMoranis RickMoranis 5 years ago # 1
The almighty Helix demands it ! Moranis 3:16 says I just shrunk your ass ! I think we should refer to The Phantom Pain as just PP and not TPP from now on.The almighty Helix demands it !
User Info : DusterxLucasFTW DusterxLucasFTW 5 years ago # 2 Pokémon sucks
Digimon 's better
User Info : RickMoranis RickMoranis ( Topic Creator ) 5 years ago # 3 DusterxLucasFTW posted ...
Pokémon sucks
Digimon 's better
Can Digimon do this ?
http : //www.twitch.tv/twitchplayspokemon Moranis 3:16 says I just shrunk your ass ! Can Digimon do this ? http : //www.twitch.tv/twitchplayspokemon
User Info : princeofdeath3 princeofdeath3 5 years ago # 4 Princeofdeath3 , Official Wolf member of the Knights of Safe Haven . Funny ... I was thinking about this exact thing a few hours ago and was about to post this now . ... oh well great minds think alike I suppose .
User Info : SterlingFox SterlingFox 5 years ago # 5 DusterxLucasFTW posted ...
Pokémon sucks
Digimon 's better
Digimon had a better show , but Digimon games are * * * * compared to Pokémon . Underwater Spartans :
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=GUhjsL2tOkA Digimon had a better show , but Digimon games are * * * * compared to Pokémon .
User Info : Funchlax Funchlax 5 years ago # 6 SterlingFox posted ...
DusterxLucasFTW posted ...
Pokémon sucks
Digimon 's better
Digimon had a better show , but Digimon games are * * * * compared to Pokémon .
Stole the words right out of my mouth . Stole the words right out of my mouth .
User Info : BigBoss19 BigBoss19 5 years ago # 7 `` It 's about respecting the will of others , and believing in your own '' ~Big Boss I do n't know guys , yu-gi-oh was pretty intense too , Bandit Keith is the real Big Boss
User Info : Robin_Mask Robin_Mask 5 years ago # 8 BigBoss19 posted ...
I do n't know guys , yu-gi-oh was pretty intense too , Bandit Keith is the real Big Boss
I loved YGO until it got to the point of new trios , but I really loved the Egyptian God Cards the best along with the Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon .
Digimon had an amazing show but I love the first roster the best above all .
Pokémon ... the first move was amazing , second okay and the anime just sucks most of the time . Please help support ! http : //www.wayforward.com/shantae-half-genie-hero I loved YGO until it got to the point of new trios , but I really loved the Egyptian God Cards the best along with the Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon.Digimon had an amazing show but I love the first roster the best above all.Pokémon ... the first move was amazing , second okay and the anime just sucks most of the time .
User Info : AH88 AH88 5 years ago # 9 RickMoranis posted ...
DusterxLucasFTW posted ...
Pokémon sucks
Digimon 's better
Can Digimon do this ?
http : //www.twitch.tv/twitchplayspokemon
Why would anyone want anything to do that ? Why would anyone want anything to do that ?
Uproxx
I want to be very clear ( on the record ) that I , Allison Noelle Sanchez , unequivocally did not want to eat more fast food . In the days to come , you might hear otherwise from people on the street , workers I encountered , coworkers , or even my own traitorous husband . They 'll tell you that I willingly and with delight entered into this contract of consuming seven fast food chicken sandwiches . There will even be rumors that I ordered fries , and shakes , and extra items off the menu ; items which fell outside of the scope of the article .
These people can seem very convincing . They might even provide receipts or security camera footage . BUT YOU CAN NOT BELIEVE THEM — THESE ARE VICIOUS LIES SPREAD BY THE FAKE NEWS . The fact is , the last thing I wanted was to travel from one fast food establishment to the next , in an ever-worsening shame spiral .
See , when this nightmare started , I was clean and sober , I swear . It had been weeks since my last salty fry . Then my editor ( whose name starts with an “ S ” and ends with “ teve Bramucci ” ) badgered — nay threatened — me into doing this . I did not save our correspondence out of fear being called out as a whistle blower , but believe me : it was harrowing .
So I ventured out into the world , sobbing , and cold , and ate chicken sandwich after chicken sandwich until I 'd kept my promise . I do not encourage this behavior . It wears on a person . But if you are going to eat a fast food chicken sandwich , heed my advice , below . Do n't race ahead to # 1 , read them all so that you can learn from my missteps .
Let not my work have been in vain .
Burger King
Look : 2
Taste : 3.5
Overall Experience : 3
Here 's the thing : All of these sandwiches were good for the first bite . Every single time , I 'd think , well , this is delicious . But , unfortunately , the rate in which the taste and ( often times ) texture deteriorated for me was disturbing . In this case , by the second bite things had really gone downhill .
So the Burger King offering… . To start with the positive stuff : There 's a Burger King right by my house , and I really liked that I could walk to it . This is n't going to be super helpful to anyone reading this unless you also live in my same house ( do you ? Can you chip in on rent ? ) but I feel like it 's worth a mention . It put me in a good mood . But my good mood faltered when I looked at the menu . Look , it 's just unfortunate that they do n't offer a spicy option . I feel like every fast food joint should have at least one spicy chicken sandwich and it 's a belief I will take TO . MY . GRAVE .
But since BK ( apparently ) want to keep things as bland as possible , I ordered the classic sandwich . It came out lukewarm as is the custom for chicken sandwiches ( this I learned the hard way on my journey ) . I did like that the sandwich was an oblong shape . It made it feel bigger , and fancier than the other sandwiches .
The taste , was….pretty good , at first . It tasted exactly like the kind of chicken patty sandwich you 'd be served in the elementary school cafeteria on a Friday . And those are pretty dope . Chicken patty day is second only to a square of pizza ( in the high stakes culinary world of elementary school dining ) . But this was aggressively bland and by the second , third , and fourth bites , I just felt nauseous . Also , sad .
Clearly I still finished the whole thing . But that 's because I have no respect for myself . None at all .
President Donald Trump has come under fire for appearing to blame Puerto Rico for neglecting its infrastructure and financial health in recent years . | Win McNamee/Getty Images Trump sparks new backlash after threatening Puerto Rico aid The president said FEMA and the military ca n't be kept ‘ forever ' in the hurricane-ravaged U.S. territory .
President Donald Trump on Thursday suggested that U.S. citizens on the hurricane-ravaged island of Puerto Rico should n't get used to assistance from the federal government — a statement that sparked new outrage and left the White House on the defensive .
“ Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes , ” Trump wrote on Twitter in a series of posts . “ Congress to decide how much to spend . We can not keep FEMA , the Military & the First Responders , who have been amazing ( under the most difficult circumstances ) in P.R . forever ! ”
Story Continued Below
Trump has come under fire for appearing to blame Puerto Rico for neglecting its infrastructure and financial health in recent years , while sparring with local officials and initially giving the U.S. territory less attention than hurricane victims in Texas and Florida .
The tweets on Thursday — which landed as nearly 90 percent of the island was still without power and nearly 40 percent of residents lack access to clean drinking water — particularly touched a nerve .
“ It is not that you do not get it ; you are incapable of fulfilling the moral imperative to help the people of PR . Shame on you. ! [ sic ] ” Carmen Yulín Cruz , the mayor of San Juan , wrote on Twitter . In recent weeks , she has been a target of severe criticism from Trump , who dismissed her and other critics as “ politically motivated ingrates . ”
Puerto Rico 's governor , Ricardo Rosselló , sought a less fiery path , writing on Twitter : “ The U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico are requesting the support that any of our fellow citizens would receive across our Nation . ”
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D-Calif. ) said at a news conference that Trump 's broadside “ is heartbreaking and it lacks knowledge . ”
Two other Democrats , Reps. Nydia Velazquez ( D-N.Y. ) and Bennie Thompson ( D-Miss . ) , even asked the Department of Homeland Security to investigate the possible underreporting of deaths caused by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico .
The most reliable politics newsletter . Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news , every morning — in your inbox . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
The concern was not contained to Democrats . House Speaker Paul Ryan echoed Trump 's comment that the island needs fiscal reforms , but suggested now was not the time for that debate .
“ At the moment , and it 's why I 'm going down there tomorrow , there 's a humanitarian crisis that needs to be attended to and this is an area where the federal government has a responsibility , and we 're acting on it , ” Ryan said .
The White House sought to clean up the comments later on Thursday , with chief of staff John Kelly telling reporters later that “ the U.S. military and FEMA ca n't be there forever . ”
“ The minute you go anywhere as a first responder , and this would apply certainly to the military , you are trying very hard to work yourself out of a job , ” Kelly said during a surprise appearance at the White House briefing , adding that FEMA and the military can be withdrawn “ hopefully sooner rather than later . ”
He said he had spoken with Rosselló earlier Thursday and that the White House enjoys a “ great relationship ” with the governor . “ Our country will stand with those American cities in Puerto Rico until the job is done , ” Kelly added .
The White House also released a statement from press secretary Sarah Sanders on Thursday afternoon .
“ Our job in any disaster affected location is to help the community respond and recover from that disaster . We continue to do so with the full force of the U.S. government and its resources in Texas , Florida , Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands and other affected areas , ” Sanders said . “ Successful recoveries do not last forever ; they should be as swift as possible to help people resume their normal lives . We are committed to helping Puerto Rico . Our Administration is working with Governor Rossello and Congress to identify the best fiscally responsible path forward . ”
And a White House official stressed that Puerto Rico 's debt crisis would be addressed independently of the disaster relief process .
Trump 's morning warning came after White House officials had stressed for weeks their intention to work with Puerto Rico throughout the recovery process . And Trump himself had said last month that `` we will not rest ... until the people of Puerto Rico are safe . ''
`` These are great people . We want them to be safe and sound and secure , and we will be there every day until that happens , '' Trump said at a manufacturing event on Sept. 29 .
Puerto Rico has struggled with the devastation from a particularly heavy hurricane season , one that included a direct hit from Hurricane Maria late last month that devastated large swaths of the island . The official death toll from the storm has risen to 45 , CNN reported Wednesday , and at least 113 people are unaccounted for .
Reports of desperation are piling up , including from federal government officials . The Environmental Protection Agency on Wednesday warned Puerto Rican residents against breaking into industrial waste sites in search of drinking water . And The New York Times reported that medical care remains a challenge on the island , with just 43 of the island 's 72 open hospitals currently operating with power .
Still , Trump has asserted that his administration 's handling of the storm has been a great success , and he has rejected any criticism of the effort as “ fake news . ”
Even as the president has continued to rail against the territory , Congress on Thursday moved forward on hurricane relief funds , which the White House has also advocated for .
The U.S. House passed a $ 36.5 billion aid package , much of it targeted at Puerto Rico , by a vote of 353-69 . The legislation marks the largest disaster package since the one provided for Hurricane Sandy victims in 2013 .
The money would replenish the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's coffers by roughly $ 18 billion , which lawmakers say is enough to last for several more weeks . That includes $ 4.9 billion in emergency loans to ensure the cash-strapped island government can pay its workers and other debts .
But GOP leaders have been clear that another installment of aid will be needed before the end of this year . Emergency responders from all federal agencies , from FEMA to the Defense Department , have been going quickly through their cash reserves in Puerto Rico 's worst disaster in decades .
And Democrats are saying that Trump 's rhetoric is not helping .
“ The President of the United States ' most solemn duty is to protect the safety and the security of the American people . By suggesting he might abdicate this responsibility for our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico , Mr. Trump has called into question his ability to lead , ” Velázquez said in a statement .
Sarah Ferris , Colin Wilhelm , Rachael Bade and Heather Caygle contributed to this report .
One of the biggest challenges that any self-published author faces is getting their eBook to format correctly . As someone who has published over 30 books I 'll be the first to tell you what a pain formatting can be .
Everything that can go wrong will go wrong . I used to write my eBooks on Open Office but fixing all of the conversion mistakes would take almost as long as writing the actual book . Links would go nowhere , text would get indented weirdly , and everything would become a jumbled mess .
There 's nothing worse than writing out a book , uploading it to Amazon , and then seeing that it looks like trash . The worst part was saving and rewriting files . It was mundane and I had to make all my fixes through trail and error . Often when one thing got corrected another would break .
Towards the middle of May I decided to treat myself to a little gift . I purchased Scrivener ( link ) . I 'd heard good things about the program , but was still a little skeptic . However , once I tried Scrivener I immediately became a fan . Right off the bat , everything I wrote would format correctly and cut back on my editing time .
( What OpenOffice to Kindle looks like , note the weird indent )
( What Scrivener to Kindle looks like )
What Is Scrivener ?
If you 're writing a book , story , or research paper , you 're going to love Scrivener . Unlike most word processors ( i.e . all of them ) Scrivener goes beyond just being a glorified type-pad .
Here are just a few of Scrivener 's best features :
Easy table of contents creation
Charted progress to hold you accountable for your goals
One-stop design allows you to import research material , ensuring that you never lose a source
There 's a ton of other stuff that Scrivener does well ( do n't even get me started on their thesaurus and dictionary options which have helped spruce up a lot of my work ) but these are the big three items I want to discuss . Each one is a huge game changer and will keep you from wasting your time trying to fix things that should n't have been broken in the first place .
How To Make A Table Of Contents In Scrivener
If you 've ever tried to make an eBook 's table of contents in Microsoft Word or OpenOffice , you 've probably wanted to punch something . Converting a document to Kindle always seems to break every single link .
Do you think I 'm exaggerating ? Take a look :
( Table of contents correctly formatted in OpenOffice )
( Same document transferred to Kindle , notice the poor formatting )
In comparison , making a table of contents in Scrivener is easy :
1 . Select all of the book sections you want to include
2 . Choose “ Copy Documents as ToC ” from the edit bar
3 . Open a new blank text section and paste the selected files inside
4 . Enjoy your new and fully functional table of contents
There 's no big hassle and everything converts nicely . This means you do n't have to waste hours trying to figure out why your links wo n't work and why they 're all formatted weirdly . It frees up a lot of time .
Using Project Targets Makes Writing Easier
If you want to become a writer you have to write every single day . This does n't mean you need to pen 5,000 words or type until your hands bleed , but you should be putting down at least 350 words a day . Why that number ? Because 350 words a day , without writing on weekends , is the magic number for writing a novel . If you can produce a measly 350 words Monday through Friday , you 'll have enough material for a book by the end of the year .
Sounds simple , right ? Well it is , as long as you hold yourself accountable . Unfortunately most people do n't track their progress and then give up , assuming that they are n't getting any closer to their goals .
While I 've never quit at writing , I will admit that I was far less focused before I discovered Scrivener . I 'd type a few words and then take a snack break or go goof off . Then I got introduced to Scrivener 's project target tool .
If you want to write a book or pen something of value , the project target system is a great way to stick with your goals . You simply enter your overall goal and then add secondary goal of how much you 'd like to write for the day .
This might sound cheesy , but it actually works wonders . I 've used the system to crank out entire short stories in as little as a day . If you want to be held accountable , or just boost your productivity , Scrivener can help .
( You can track your progress with every session )
Special Bonus : Why Students Love Scrivener
If you read this blog and are in college you 're probably a bright kid . I 'm even going to go out on a limb and guess that you 're taking some pretty tough courses . There 's probably a little more research and writing involved in your major than whatever most of your goofball peers are studying . I also know that it 's pretty easy to lose track of sources . I did some academic writing a while back and accidentally closed my browser without copying down all the websites I had quoted . There 's nothing more tedious than having to backtrack and hunt for all your citations .
Scrivener allows you to write , compile research , and correctly format your content without ever having to navigate through difficult menus or memorize complex shortcut keys . You can import whatever you want , giving you quick access to crucial information .
I personally use Scrivener for all my projects , including writing blog posts like this one , because of how effective its research tools are . When I 'm working I can import all my sources and outside ideas right into the program , ensuring that I never misplace anything .
( You can import whole webpages so that you never forget a site address )
If you 're going off to school this fall , invest in a copy of Scrivener . It 's surprisingly cheap ( less than a night at the bar ) and you 'll save countless hours compiling your essays and research reports .
Closing Thoughts
If you want a great writing tool , that clobbers other programs like Microsoft Word and OpenOffice , get your hands on a copy of Scrivener . This program makes book formatting and Kindle conversion a breeze . And it also reduces once complex tasks , like creating a linkable table of contents , to mere calk-walks . On top of all this , the ability to set your own goals and keep all your research material in one spot makes the program well worth its cost . I use it every day and can honestly tell you that it 's saved me countless hours of precious time .
Or…
And…
P.S . I 'd also highly encourage you to pick up a copy of Scrivener For Dummies ( Amazon ) . It 's a good reference guide and has all kinds of tips and tricks to make sure you get the most out of the software .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Tumblr
RJR Props and Set Dressing Services ( click for full schedule ) Mon-Thur 9-6 , Fri 9-5 Atlanta , GA ( 404 ) 349-7600 B ' H
Vintage Computer Props : We can supply over 5000 vintage computer props : vintage IBM computers , vintage PC computers , vintage macintosh computers , vintage Apple computers , vintage mainframe computers , Vintage Servers , vintage military computers , and more . Do you need a technical expert who can tell you exactly what computers were used in any year , in any application , in any situation ? We do this for film and television . Our computer expert has over 24 yrs experience in Industrial Computers , Mainframes , PC 's , Servers , Networking , Military computers and more . Call RJR Props for all your Computer Prop needs ! ( 404 ) 349-7600 . * Vintage Computers are shown below . * Scroll down to see the Vintage Servers !
Vintage HP Computers : This is a nice example of the 1990 's `` big office '' . These were used in Government Offices , FBI , large Police Stations , Hospitals , and large companies . The IBM `` PC '' was not yet popular for business software , so this was the choice in larger companies . Each of these would have been hooked up to a large HP Server which could be located on premises in a clean room , or off-site . We have Servers available if you need them ! We have 100 pcs of this . Ideal for large office scenes , bull pens , cublicles , etc . They do light up but there 's not much to see on them because technology was limited back then , and it was driven by the software that came from the server . Beautiful shape and look . Ideal for dressing , or you can green screen them . Date : Introduced 1992 . In use thru 2012 Qty Avail : 100 pcs Color : As shown , putty/pearl white Rental Price : TBD ( we work within your buget ! )
Vintage IBM Computers : This is a gorgeous example of the 1980 's - 90 's `` big office '' . These were used in Government Offices , FBI , large Police Stations , Hospitals , and in all large companies . The IBM `` PC '' was not yet popular so this was the choice in larger companies and organizations . Each of these would have been hooked up to a large Server ( an IBM AS400 Server ) which could be located on premises in a clean room , or off-site . We have Servers available if you need them ! We have 100 pcs of this . Ideal for large office scenes , bull pens , cublicles , etc . They do light up but there 's not much to see on them because technology was limited back then , and it was driven by the software that came from the server . Beautiful shape and look . Ideal for dressing , or you can green screen them . Manufacture Date : Introduced in 1986 . In use thru 2004 Qty Avail : 100 pcs Color : As shown , putty/pearl white Rental Price : TBD ( we always try to work within your buget ! )
Vintage Computers : We have many styles of Vintage Computers available . We have about 30 pcs of this monitor available . They are very rare , from the late 1980 's through the 1990 's . Qty : 30 pcs of monitors Color : As shown Rnetal Price : TBD
Vintage Macintosh SE Dual Drive Computers : Qty Available : 2 Color : Cream These are genuine vintage Macintosh computers . We have some manuals and software available as well . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Macintosh IIe Computer : Qty Available : 2 We have 2 genuine Macintosh IIe computers available . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Macintosh SE Computers : Qty Available : 2 Color : Cream These are genuine vintage Macintosh computers . We have some manuals and software available as well . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage 1980 's and 1990 's PCs : Qty Avail : 50+ . Many styles available Color : Cream / Beige These are genuine vintage PC computers . We have some manuals and software available as well . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage 1980 's and 1990 's PCs : Qty Avail : 50+ . Many styles available Color : Cream / Beige These are genuine vintage PC computers . We have some manuals and software available as well . * This is just a sample of the many styles we have avail from 1980 's -1990 's Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage IBM PC Computer : This is the ORIGINAL PC ! ! Qty : 12-15 units available This is where it all started ... the original PC . This was the best thing businesses could buy in the 80 's . It transformed entire departments of `` human calculators '' into a single machine . It made punch cards obsolete . It started the entire PC revolution which changed the world . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Monitors : We have original IBM and Princeton Graphics monitors . These are the original monitors that were featured on the earliest PC 's . We have all 4 styles : TTL , CGA , EGA , and VGA Qty : Approx 12 Functionality : Dressing only Rental Price : TBD
VINTAGE TERMINAL : We have MANY MANY rare terminals from the early days of computing . This is one of many !
VINTAGE TERMINALS : This is one of our rare vintage terminals . We have many styles ! Ask about of rare monitors and terminals from the early days of computing , from the military or from the Space Program ! Call RJR for more details ( 404 ) 349-7600
Vintage Data Terminal : This was a next step after teletype machines . They are ideal for ticker tapes , military , early computing , vintage office sets , and more . Rental Price : TBD
Vintage Printers : We have a wide variety of vintage printer . This is the IBM Proprinter . It was the original dot matrix printer from the early 1980 's . Qty Avail : 15 Functionality : Some units are working , some are for dressing . Rental Price : TBD
1970s Terminal : We have a few of these rare 1970 's terminals . They work and they look amazing ! Qty : 2 Rental price : TBD
Vintage Terminal : This is an oldie ! It looks amazing ! Probably from the late 1970s or early 1980s . Qty : 1 Functionality : Dressing only Rental Price : TBD
Vintage Teletype Machine : Qty Available : 1 Color : Cream This is genuine . Amazing looking ! Rental Price : $ TBD
Very Rare : IBM 3101 Mainframe Terminal : This is a genuine original IBM 3101 Mianframe Terminal . There are very few of these in the world . It was used with an IBM Mainframe in the early 1980 's ( 1981-1982 ) . Qty available : 1 Color : as shown Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage IBM Mainframe Terminals : Qty Avail : 15 This is an IBM Midrange Terminal which was a hand-wired and hand made terminal made in the early 1980 's . They were in use through the mid 1990 's . We have approx 15 pcs available . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage IBM Mainframe Terminals : Qty Avail : 45 This is an IBM Midrange Terminal which was made in the early 1980 's . They were in use through the mid 1990 's . We have approx 45 pcs available . Rental Price : $ TBD
Monitors and Keyboards : Qty Available : 250 pcs Color : Black , White , Gray , Cream or Putty . We have a large qty of dumb terminals and Terminal Monitors . These were designed for use with Mainframes and Midrange Servers throughout the late 1980 's through the late 1990 's . We have shown a view of the front and the back . Rental Price : $ TBD
Serial Terminals : Qty Available : 100 Color : As shown : Rental Rental Price : $ TBD
Monitors & Keybds : Qty Available : 200 pcs Color : Black , White , Gray , Cream or Putty . We have a large qty of dumb terminals and Terminal Monitors . These were designed for use with Mainframes and Midrange Servers throughout the late 1980 's through the late 1990 's . We have shown a view of the front and the back . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage PC Computer & Monitor : Qty Avail : 15 Color : Black , White , Gray , Putty We have LOTS of styles of PC 's and Monitors available IN STOCK . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Computer Monitors with Matching Keybds & Mice Qty Avail : 250 Colors : Available : White , Black , Gray , Putty We have these in stock with matching Keyboards and Mice . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Printer : DEC LetterPrinter Model 100 Designed for use with Alpha , Vax and Legacy . Qty : 1 Era : Dot matrix 1982-1989 Color : As shown Rental Price : TBD
Vintage Printer IBM Dot Matrix Proprinter Designed for use with IBM Midrange systems . Qty Avail : 10 Type : Dot Matrix Printer Era : 1982-1989 Color : As shown Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Teletype Machine : * * VERY RARE * * Qty Avail : 1 Print Type : Print Barrel Era : 1963-1982 Color : As shown Rental Price : $ TBD
-- - LARGE VINTAGE SERVERS -- -
Vintage Servers : These replicas were made for Film & Television . Many of them have reels that turn , etc . Qty Avail : 18 pcs Rental Price : TBD Call RJR for Details ( 404 ) 349-7600
VINTAGE STORAGE UNITS : These replica Storage Units are gorgeous ! They look exactly like the large storage units of yesteryear . Clean and beautiful . Qty : 15 Call RJR for details ( 404 ) 349-7600
VINTAGE IBM 716 PRINTER : We have a gorgeous reproduction of the IBM 716 Printer . It is very similar to the genuine unit ( Pictured below ) . Qty : 1 Rental Price : TBD Call RJR at ( 404 ) 349-7600
Vintage IBM Servers : Early 1980 's thru 1990 's Qty Avail : 2 Functionality : We can add lights but the Servers are for dressing only . Size : Apprx 6 ' 7 '' h x 3w x 3.5 ' deep Rental Price : TBD Cll RJR for Details ( 404 ) 349-7600
Vintage IBM Mainframe Communications Controllers : Qty Available : 2 Color : As shown below Description : Manufactured in the early 1980 's , and in use through the mid 1990 's . If a company had an IBM AS400 Computer and this Controller , they could literally have thousands or tens of thousands of workers productively working on one large system . Rental Price : $ TBD
DEC Digital AlphaServer : Qty Available : 1 Color : As shown Approx Size : 2.5 ' h x 20 '' w x 2.5 'd This was the most powerful AlphaServer a company could have used in the late 1980 's through mid 1990 's . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage IBM Mainframe Computers : Qty Available : 2 Size : Approx 6 ' 7 '' h x 3 ' w x 3.5 ' deep Color : As shown Genuine IBM Mainframe Computers manufactured from the late 1980 's through the early 1990 's . Rental Price : $ TBD
Additional Views of the IBM Mainframes :
Vintage DEC Digital Midrange Server : Qty Available : 2 This is a genuine DEC AlphaServer / DECServer class mainframe . It was the most powerful computer available in the early 1980 's for a large company to own . And it was a VERY pricey investment at the time . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Military Computer : Qty Avail : 1 Color : As shown This unit contains a CRT that may be lit up , or we can replace it with an LCD flat panel for ease of playback purposes . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Networking Racks : Qty Available : 5+ We can change these , redesign them and custom configure these for your production needs . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Networking Racks : Qty Available : 5+ We can change these , redesign them and custom configure these for your production needs . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Mainframe Racks : Qty Available : 5+ We can change these , redesign them and custom configure these for your production needs . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Networking Communications Computer : Qty : Available : 1 Approx Size : 24 '' w x 18 '' h x 20 '' d Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Portable Computer : Qty : 1 Approx Size : 20 '' w x 12 '' h x 24 '' d Ideal for Military Prop Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Mainframe Racks : Qty Available : 5+ We can change these , redesign them and custom configure these for your production needs . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Mainframe Racks : Qty Available : 1 We can change these , redesign them and custom configure these for your production needs . Rental Price : $ TBD
Vintage Portable Computer : Qty : 1 Approx Size : 20 '' w x 12 '' h x 24 '' d Ideal for Military Prop Rental Price : $ TBD
Large Computer Peripherals : Qty Avail : 2 as shown Color : Gray as shown These can be used for a variety of purposes . They were originally designed as large tape libraries with automatic robotic arms inside to load the tapes . They can be used to fill room space in any vintage or modern computer room . Rental Price : $ TBD
Another view of the Large Peripherals : Large Computer Peripherals : Qty Avail : 2 as shown Color : Gray as shown These can be used for a variety of purposes . They were originally designed as large tape libraries with automatic robotic arms inside to load the tapes . They can be used to fill room space in any vintage or modern computer room .
Large Computer Printer for Mainframe : Qty Avail : 1 as shown Color : Cream as shown Era : Late 80's-90 's and still used up to 2008 . Some are in use today . These can be used for a variety of purposes . They were originally designed as printers for Midrange Servers . They can be used to fill room space in any vintage or modern computer room . Rental Price : $ TBD
TO GO WITH AFP STORY 'Indonesia-religion-Islam-health-women-rights , FEATURE ' by Arlina Arshad This picture taken on February 10 , 2013 shows a mother holding her daughter 's hand as she is circumcised in Bandung . The Indonesian government has come under fire after the UN General Assembly in November passed its first resolution condemning female genital mutilation ( FGM ) which more than 140 million women worldwide have been subjected to . Kania was later circumcised . AFP PHOTO / ADEK BERRY ( Photo credit should read ADEK BERRY/AFP/Getty Images )
A new report is calling on medical professionals in England to take more of a hard-hitting role in putting an end to female genital mutilation ( FGM ) .
Released by professional bodies representing midwives , nurses , gynecologists and obstetricians , a groundbreaking report is urging medical professionals to treat patients who have been subjected to FGM , or female circumcision , as child abuse victims .
“ Even though FGM is child abuse , it has not been our priority because most people have felt that it 's a cultural thing and an exotic thing that people from different countries practice , ” Janet Fyle , professional policy advisor at the Royal College of Midwives -- which contributed to the report -- told the Thompson Reuters Foundation . “ Young girls turn up in accident and emergency at age 10 with ( urinary ) problems and nobody does anything , nobody asks what 's going on , and no one has been prosecuted . ”
Despite the fact that FGM was banned in the UK in 1985 , the practice is still prevalent there .
In 2007 , an estimated 66,000 women in England and in Wales had undergone FGM and over 24,000 girls under 15 were potentially at risk , according to a study released by Forward , a charity that works to improve the quality of life of African women and girls .
Part of the reason why girls in England are at risk is because women come from countries where the practice is commonplace , and then subject their daughters to circumcision , even though their babies are born in the UK , according to the new report .
The report made a number of recommendations , including encouraging medical professionals to collaborate with police and social services workers in incidents of FGM and to develop a more uniform way of documenting such cases .
These recommendations come at a time when cases of FGM are actually declining worldwide .
According to a July report released by the United Nations ' Children 's Fund , more women and girls than ever before are refusing to undergo FGM . However , 30 million girls still remain at risk of getting cut .
But the taboos surrounding female circumcision are gradually subsiding , as demonstrated by the latest report and the way in which the U.N. is also tackling the issue .
In November 2012 , the U.N. passed a resolution condemning female genital mutilation as harmful to women and girls and encouraged member states to take measures to ban the practice . It was the first time the General Assembly 's human rights committee addressed the problem .
First , GOP nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE threatened to throw his political opponent in jail .
Then he sought to undermine the integrity of our republic by insinuating that he might not respect the results of the election .
Now Trump has been given a gift by none other than the director of the FBI , who , under pressure from the Trump campaign and congressional Republicans , felt it incumbent upon him to cast a cloud of suspicion over Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesman : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE , the Democratic nominee .
ADVERTISEMENT
To be fair , Comey 's actions were precipitated by the actions of former President Bill Clinton William ( Bill ) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says he never told McCabe his wife was ' a loser ' MORE , who — in what could generously be called a major lack of judgment — decided back in June , when his wife 's use of a private email server was still under investigation , to board the plane of Attorney General Loretta Lynch and conduct a prolonged conversation .
Even if no illicit activity took place , the very appearance of impropriety should 've been enough to dissuade the former president and the attorney general from engaging in such a discussion .
Had they not , perhaps Comey would not have felt the need to make a public pronouncement about the FBI 's investigation . It was during his July announcement when he stated his view that Hillary Clinton , as secretary of State , and her staff had been `` extremely careless '' in the handling of State Department emails .
You could also argue that this would n't be happening had Huma Abedin , Clinton 's chief aide , submitted all possible devices that may have contained emails under investigation . Whether she did so intentionally or simply through an oversight , it 's clear that she did not fulfill her responsibilities .
And , of course , there is Abedin 's husband . Enough said about him .
And Clinton herself , let 's not forget , bears some of the onus for her original decision to use a private email server without clear notification , and for her handling of the subsequent scandal that ensued .
But these failures of judgment from others do not acquit Comey , whose actions have been , at the least , questionable — and , perhaps , illegal — since he may have violated the Hatch Act .
First , let 's consider his `` extremely careless '' comment . It was , itself , extremely careless . It served no purpose , other than a political one .
As former Attorney General Eric Holder Eric Himpton HolderObama political arm to merge with Holder-run group Barack , Michelle Obama expected to refrain from endorsing in 2020 Dem primary : report Ocasio-Cortez to be first guest on new Desus and Mero show MORE noted in a Washington Post editorial , `` Instead of making a private recommendation to the attorney general — consistent with Justice Department policy — he chose to publicly share his professional recommendation , as well as his personal opinions , about the case . That was a stunning breach of protocol . It may set a dangerous precedent for future investigations . It was wrong . ''
Imagine , if you will , if a prosecutor , while holding a press conference about a rape suspect , said , `` There 's not enough evidence to seek an indictment , but I think the suspect is a dangerous pervert . '' Would that be OK , or would it be an example of someone going beyond his or her official duties in an attempt to influence matters with personal opinion ?
As Holder noted , `` The department has a practice of not commenting on ongoing investigations . '' And there 's a reason for it : Any public comment could throw off the investigation and potentially influence the public .
That is why , especially when it comes to politically sensitive investigations , the FBI has to be extraordinarily careful . Comey 's July announcement — despite his reasons for conducting it — and his comments there were extremely ill-advised .
But now the director has gone even further , essentially placing a cloud over Clinton 's head right before what may be the most important election since 1864 .
He did it , supposedly , because he had promised Congress to keep them informed . In his letter to Congress , he referred to `` recent developments . ''
But the key word here is `` developments , '' and how you define it .
This is not a semantic argument . What really is a `` development '' ?
If some guy had called the FBI with an anonymous tip that he knew of existing emails that had yet to be discovered , would that be a development ?
Until you 've investigated something and weighed the substance of it , nothing has developed . Does the existence of another computer with emails truly change the crime ? Does it change Clinton 's intent ? Was there any indication that these new emails were a `` development , '' or were they simply a matter to be investigated ?
It 's clear that they were the latter . Even in his letter to Congress , Comey admitted that the FBI had not yet assessed the importance of the newly discovered emails . In other words , it was not yet a development .
When asked in July by Rep. Lamar Smith ( R-Texas ) whether he would report back to Congress if new information came to light , Comey replied , `` It 's hard for me to answer in the abstract . We would certainly look at any new and substantial information . ''
But the discovery of the new computer has not yet produced any substantial information , so why is he reporting it — against the advice of the attorney general and the deputy attorney general ?
Comey stated , in an internal FBI memo , that `` we do n't know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails . ''
And that 's true , which , again , makes it not yet a development .
The truth is that , if there was ever a crime here , it likely never rose above the level of a misdemeanor . The public often conflates the terms `` confidential '' and `` top secret , '' without realizing that there is a vast difference between them . Many internal government memos are labeled `` classified '' or `` confidential , '' but that does n't mean that they contain the nuclear codes .
Had Clinton been convicted of mishandling government information , the likelihood is that she would 've had to pay a fine and possibly endure some censure .
The only thing that matters here — the only thing truly of any importance — is the presidency .
If Comey , by his actions , proves to have denied Clinton the presidency , how is that due process ?
How is that justice ?
Ironically , Judge Gonzalo Curiel — a federal judge appointed by President Obama whom Trump personally insulted by saying he could n't adjudicate a case fairly due to his Mexican heritage — did the opposite of what Comey when it came to the civil trial against Trump University : He postponed it until after the election in order to avoid a media frenzy and not interfere with the democratic process .
Comey should 've taken his cue from Curiel .
In his recent piece for The New York Times , former chief White House ethics lawyer Richard W. Painter noted the seriousness of Comey 's actions : `` We can not allow F.B.I . or Justice Department officials to unnecessarily publicize pending investigations concerning candidates of either party while an election is underway . ''
Painter rightfully called Comey 's actions `` an abuse of power . ''
We already had an FBI director who engaged in political gamesmanship and consistently abused his power . His name was J. Edgar Hoover and he kept files and recordings on the Kennedys , the Rev . Martin Luther King Jr. and anyone he viewed as going against his personal ideology and concept of America .
While Hoover 's improvements to FBI techniques , including the collection of forensic evidence and the maintenance of records , greatly improved the FBI 's functional abilities , his abuses of power largely overshadow those improvements .
The FBI must be beyond the fray . Comey 's actions have not only put the bureau directly in the middle of a competitive election ; they have also undermined the FBI 's integrity .
What is to happen now if Clinton or Trump loses a close election ? What if one of them wins the popular vote and the other the Electoral College ? How will the people react ?
They might conclude , and not without cause , that we 're in danger of becoming a banana republic .
And the Comey Affair will have done a great deal to help lead us there .
Rosenfeld is an educator and historian who has done work for Scribner , Macmillan and Newsweek .
The views expressed by contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill .
The Samsung Portable SSD T5 comes in two aluminium finishes and four storage options : black ( for the 1 TB and 2 TB variants ) and blue ( for the 250 GB and 500 GB models ) .
The Samsung Portable SSD T5 comes in two aluminium finishes and four storage options : black ( for the 1 TB and 2 TB variants ) and blue ( for the 250 GB and 500 GB models ) . Samsung
Samsung Electronics on Tuesday launched the Samsung Portable SSD T5 . The all-new portable solid state drive ( PSSD ) is built with the company 's latest 64-layer V-NAND technology . The compact and durable storage solution promises to provide industry-leading transfer speeds with enhanced data security .
The T5 is optimised for digital content creation and delivers up to 540 megabytes per second . That kind of speed is almost five times faster compared to external hard disk drives in the market . The storage device is also compact and lightweight . It 's smaller than a regular business card at 74 x 57.3 x 10.5 mm ( or 3.0 x 2.3 x 0.4 inches ) and only carries a 51-gram ( 0.11-pound ) load .
“ Samsung has been pushing the envelope of what is possible in portable storage and solid state drives for years , and the Portable SSD T5 continues our legacy of leadership and innovation , ” according to Un-Soo Kim , Samsung 's senior vice president of Brand Product Marketing , Memory Business . “ We are confident that the T5 will exceed consumers ' expectations for external storage by offering faster speeds and a solid design that is lightweight and conveniently pocket-sized . It is the ideal portable storage product for consumers and professionals who are in search of a fast , durable and secure device . ”
The Samsung Portable SSD T5 is smaller than a regular business card at 74 x 57.3 x 10.5 mm ( or 3.0 x 2.3 x 0.4 inches ) and only carries a 51-gram ( 0.11-pound ) load . Samsung
Samsung says that users wo n't have to worry about accidentally dropping its latest PSSD from up to 2 metres ( 6.6 feet ) high . That 's because it comes with a shock-resistant internal frame and it does n't have moving parts . A
“ The Samsung Portable SSD Software for PCs and Macs based on the AES 256-bit hardware data encryption makes it easy to configure security settings and receive the latest firmware and software updates , ” the South Korean tech titan assured . “ A mobile app is also available for Android smartphones and tablets for even further convenience . In addition , the T5 includes two connection cables – USB-C to C and USB-C to A – for enhanced compatibility across numerous devices . ”
The Samsung Portable SSD T5 comes in two aluminium finishes and four storage options : blue ( for the 250 GB and 500 GB models ) and black ( for the 1 TB and 2 TB variants ) . It 's now available worldwide and starts at US $ 129.99 ( AU $ 179.99 ) . It also comes with a three-year limited warranty .
Samsung Portable SSD T5 tech specs
Use AWS Roles and Secure Your Access Keys with MFA
Kaveh Mousavi Zamani Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 7 , 2017
I hope by now everyone who uses AWS web console has enabled MFA . That means for both root account and for all IAM users .
I think that alone is not enough . We all use api-tokens ( Access Keys ) attached to our users to be able to use different cli tools from aws-cli to Terraform . This api-tokens are not protected by MFA and they can be . Also their access does no have any expiry and again they can have .
Just imagine you do a series of mistakes and someone gets your access key credentials . You are done .
You can reduce that risk by using AWS STS and assuming roles . It is easy to setup and you can protect your access by MFA . As a bonus you will also have a hard-limit of maximum one hour for any role you assume before you need to authenticate again .
You need to have your aws-cli installed . Then using web-console create your temporary account that will do the rest of setup .
First create an account . You only need to give it Programmatic access
For now give that user full access to IAM so it can do the rest of setup for you
At the end copy your credentials into your aws config . It is normally at ~/.aws/credentials .
I have the rest of the code at my github.com/kaveh/aws-setup.I assume you will use it or you just review and change that code to what you like .
RolesList group
This will be the group which allows listing of current roles for users . After setup is complete , users can list available roles and try to assume them if they have enough access .
$ cat < < EOF > roles_list.json
{
`` Version '' : `` 2012-10-17 '' ,
`` Statement '' : [
{
`` Sid '' : `` Stmt1483900802000 '' ,
`` Effect '' : `` Allow '' ,
`` Action '' : [
`` iam : GetRoles '' ,
`` iam : GetRolePolicy '' ,
`` iam : ListRoles ''
] ,
`` Resource '' : [
`` arn : aws : iam : : * ''
]
}
]
}
EOF
$ aws iam create-group -- group-name roles_list
$ aws iam put-group-policy -- group-name roles_list -- policy-document file : //roles_list.json -- policy-name roles_list
User
For each user you need these commands
$ aws iam create-user -- user-name myuser
$ aws iam add-user-to-group -- user-name myuser -- group-name roles_list
# Now you will create a profile for your user to access aws console through web . First generate a skeleton to fill and then create the profile .
$ aws iam create-login-profile -- generate-cli-skeleton > create-login-profile.json
$ aws iam create-login-profile -- cli-input-json file : //create-login-profile.json
Now share the temporary access credentials with your user . You should already force MFA policy for all your accounts . So user needs to reset his password and enable MFA . Then user can create a access key .
Next you need to setup your roles and ask user to assume them using his access-key and MFA .
Roles
For each role you need an “ assume policy document ” . This policy will say who is trusted to assume the role . We will also enforce presence of MFA for assuming the role .
{
`` Version '' : `` 2012-10-17 '' ,
`` Statement '' : [
{
`` Effect '' : `` Allow '' ,
`` Principal '' : {
`` AWS '' : [
`` arn : aws : iam : :999999999999 : user/myuser ''
]
} ,
`` Action '' : `` sts : AssumeRole '' ,
`` Condition '' : {
`` Bool '' : {
`` aws : MultiFactorAuthPresent '' : `` true ''
}
}
}
]
}
Save that file in current directory as supervisor.json .
Now create a “ supervise ” role :
$ aws iam create-role -- role-name supervise -- assume-role-policy-document file : ///supervisor.json
$ aws iam attach-role-policy -- role-name supervise -- policy-arn arn : aws : iam : :aws : policy/IAMFullAccess
That is all . You can continue to create new roles and add trusted users to assume them in your “ assume-role-policy-document ” similar to supervisor.json .
How to Use Roles
Now your devops team need to assume these roles . They should have their aws-cli setup and their MFA enabled .
I have a simple script as a helper . Using it you can list and assume roles .
$ assume list
arn : aws : iam : :999999999999 : role/dailyoperation
arn : aws : iam : :999999999999 : role/supervise
$ assume supervise myuser 647895
Assuming role of arn : aws : iam : :999999999999 : role/supervise until [ 2016-12-29T18:44:20Z ]
From last command onward whatever I do will have “ supervise ” access . But this time ONLY for one hour and if I want to assume the role I need to have a MFA code as you see .
# Wrong 2FA and my Token is useless
$ assume supervise myuser 111111
An error occurred ( AccessDenied ) when calling the AssumeRole operation : MultiFactorAuthentication failed with invalid MFA one time pass code .
Fail to assume the role
This is a just a sample of what you can do . I have some simple setup here :
You get the idea . Implement it preferably using Terraform or another standard method .
That all .
Stay safe .
When It Comes To Marriage , Many More Say ' I Do n't '
toggle caption iStockphoto.com
The share of all U.S. adults who are married has dropped to a record low 51 percent , according to a new report . If the trend continues , the institution will soon lose its majority status in American life .
The report being released Wednesday by the Pew Research Center finds new marriages dropped a sharp 5 percent last year , which is very likely related to the bad economy . Pew senior writer D'Vera Cohn says it fits with a larger trend .
`` The most dramatic statistics to me are when you look at the share of younger adults who are married now compared with in the past . That 's really been where you 've seen the big decline , '' Cohn says .
Half a century ago , nearly 60 percent of 18- to 29-year-olds were married . Today , it 's just 20 percent . But the Pew report finds fewer married people across all age groups .
In their place : more singles , single parents , couples living together — many having children without marrying . In fact , some 40 percent of all U.S. births are now to unmarried mothers . But the driving force in the dropping marriage rate ? People who do tie the knot are waiting longer than ever .
The Pew report finds the median age when people finally walk down the aisle is at an all-time high — 26 for women and nearly 29 for men . And it 's higher still for the college educated .
Marriage On The Decline ( 1960-2010 ) Notes Based on adults 18 and older . Percents may not total 100 percent due to rounding .
`` Well , it does not mean that marriage is dead , '' says Stephanie Coontz , a historian on family life at Evergreen State College in Washington state . She says many of those 20-somethings will eventually tie the knot . The Pew report finds a robust 72 percent of Americans have been married at some point .
`` But what it does bring home to us is that we can no longer pretend that marriage is the central organizing principle of society . We have to take account of the many , many social networks and relationships that people cycle through , marriage being just one of them , '' Coontz says .
Cohn says you already see this — school forms with separate address blocks for `` Parent 1 '' and `` Parent 2 , '' or employers asked about benefits for unmarried partners . Yet even as marriage declines , Cohn says , Americans still revere it .
[ W ] hat it does bring home to us is that we can no longer pretend that marriage is the central organizing principle of society .
`` On the one hand , we had nearly 40 percent of Americans tell us they think marriage is becoming obsolete . On the other hand , when you ask people who are n't married , 'Would you like to get married ? ' they say yes , '' Cohn says .
Cohn says Wednesday 's report also points to a troubling marriage gap — the rich get hitched ; the working class , not as much . Historian Coontz says it 's yet another consequence of the nation 's widening economic inequality . Wages for those without a college degree have stagnated , weakening their power in the marriage market .
`` The sort of incentive to get married — because you could rely on a man whose real wages would continue to rise , who would get a pension at the end of it — that incentive has been undermined as well , '' Coontz says .
On the other hand , for those who do marry , there 's an upside to waiting , at least for women . Coontz says for every year a woman delays marriage — into her early 30s — she reduces her risk of divorce .
Obama 's Disengagement Plan
Despite the drama , it looks like a done deal . John Kerry and Chuck Hagel will likely receive Senate confirmation for their new cabinet posts . Assuming there are no last minute challenges to their appointments , there is little to look forward to . A second term Obama Administration is unlikely to take any new risks in the Middle East .
Why complain about Hagel and Kerry , then ? Because like Obama , they both support drawing down US military deployments abroad . Regarding Iran , while neither nominee advocates taking the “ military option ” off the table , Hagel and Kerry are far from the adventurists of the Bush era . Hagel , in particular , has been characterized as an “ isolationist , ” but that is a wild caricature of his views . What brings them together with the President is best described as a shared desire for disengagement .
The eight years of the Bush Administration and its War on Terror extended US military power to the breaking point . It brought few benefits , by any measure , for its enormous cost in blood and capital . That 's what Obama would like to recuperate , but it 's hardly a peace agenda . Rather , it is an attempt to revert US power back to what it was before Bush , when American influence could be extended by means other than prolonged military occupations , such as what 's taken place in Afghanistan , and of course Iraq .
Obama 's infatuation with the deadly drone program is a part of this disengagement . Drones require far less of a commitment of money , manpower and equipment than the ground forces favored by the neoconservatives . It allows Obama to pursue armed groups in remote places at a much lower cost and risk to the US and its soldiers . That the drones are routinely killing civilians and thus doing the same job of enflaming Muslim feelings against the United States , creating more of the same fanatical fighters we 're ostensibly trying to eliminate , demonstrates that the strategy is not about promoting peace and human rights . It 's about being able to continue waging war , at a lower cost . That is , to the United States , not our purported adversaries , obviously .
It has been discussed for some time that Obama has been working to shift the US focus toward Asia and away from the Middle East . There is no doubt that this is the direction Obama is pursuing , and it 's one that is fully supported by John Kerry and Chuck Hagel . But some have mistakenly discussed this in terms of abandoning the Middle East , or by arguing that the US would not be able to ignore the Middle East . One can hear the worry there , particularly for supporters of the current Israeli government .
This view stems from a short-term appreciation of American strategy . The United States has been entrenched in the Mideast for decades , and the reality of continuing dependence on the region 's oil resources has not changed . President Obama is not trying jump ship . Unfortunately , the enormous US military presence in the region has had a destabilizing effect , and that has n't escaped the White House , or US military leadership . Something smart needs to be done to preserve American hegemony .
So what does all of that mean for the Israel-centric views that have dominated US policy for so long ? Despite the hostility towards the Kerry and Hagel nominations , it probably does n't bode ill for the increasingly right-wing Jewish state . Indeed , Israeli leaders could have simply stayed silent , but a number of them have supported Hagel , despite the neoconservative , AIPAC-orchestrated campaign against his appointment .
There is no indication that the Obama Administration is considering changing the most basic aspects of US support for Israel : $ 3 billion in annual aid , and a consistent veto at the UN Security Council . And a less involved US is something Benjamin Netanyahu 's neocon friends recommended to him years ago .
In their paper , A Clean Break : A New Strategy for Securing the Realm , a group of neocons outlined ways in which Israel , under Netanyahu , could change its relationship with the US in a manner that greatly reduced America 's ability to pressure Israel by reducing aid , eliminating loan guarantees , and “ …stressing that Israel is self-reliant , does not need U.S. troops in any capacity to defend it , including on the Golan Heights , and can manage its own affairs . Such self-reliance will grant Israel greater freedom of action and remove a significant lever of pressure used against it in the past . ”
This is certainly not what Obama and his new Cabinet are envisioning . However , it is very likely to be exactly what Bibi hopes he can engineer , if the White House continues to concern itself with other parts of the world .
It 's true that Hagel and Kerry are both critics of Israeli settlements , and are very likely to support something like the Clinton Parameters as a resolution of this issue . But there is no indication that the Obama II team is going to try to overcome the massive and unprecedented obstacles to a resolution that would actually be acceptable to the Palestinians and the rest of the Arab world .
Indeed , the dirty little secret among the more informed staffers and leaders on Capitol Hill is that the settlement expansion , especially in and around Jerusalem , coupled with Israel 's rightward shift , continued Palestinian fragmentation and a US Congress that is even more hawkish than the Netanyahu government , has created a situation where a negotiated settlement is completely impossible . Hence the significance of Obama 's disengagement option , which Bibi hopes he can benefit from .
Whether that neocon-Netanyahu vision will come to pass is far from a fait accompli . The US turn away from the Mideast is going to be a long process , far longer than Obama 's second term . Conditions on the ground can stall that turn , or even reverse it . Future Israeli leaders may be more worried than Netanyahu that a less involved United States might , at some future point , decide that its military aid and UN support are no longer in America 's best interest . Nevertheless , there can be little doubt that Netanyahu will embrace any reduction in US involvement in the region .
Photograph courtesy of United States Forces – Iraq ( Inactive ) . Published under a Creative Commons license .
Dutton Editor 's Note : This excerpt comes from `` Paddle Your Own Canoe , '' a humorous new memoir from `` Parks & Recreation actor Nick Offerman .
HOW TO BE A MAN
Step One : Eat a steak , preferably raw .
Step Two : Wash it down with your whisky of choice , preferably a single-malt scotch . My two favorites are Lagavulin and the Balvenie , but I wo n't turn my nose up at Talisker , Oban , Laphroaig , Ardbeg , and many more .
Step Three : Find a socialist and punch him/her in the face .
Step Four : Craft a small wooden watercraft from cedar ( for the hull ) and domestic hardwoods , like ash or walnut or white oak ( for the gunnels and other trim ) . Carve a paddle from cherry and Alaskan yellow cedar .
Step Five : Make sweet but powerful love to another human . If you have adhered to steps 1 through 4 , how could they resist ? Upon climax , unholster your enormous pistol and empty the cylinder as you fire rounds laced with double entendre into the night sky dripping with stars .
* * *
Or not . Sorry , everybody , totally just kidding ( except , of course , about the whisky and boatbuilding ) . I feel like these are the ideas that are somewhat mis-associated with my public persona , as well as with my TV character Ron Swanson . While I firmly adhere to much of this list , these are not , in fact , what I truly consider to be the steps one must tread if one seeks to attain a quality in life leaning toward what we 're here calling manliness .
I seem to have been associated with certain traits of machismo in the zeitgeist , at least for this brief , golden moment . I find that fact to be somewhat embarrassing , given my firsthand knowledge of my personal failings and propensity for jackass behavior , but I get it , based on superficially perceived signals of manhood , like a full , thick moustache and the ability to use tools . When people ask me questions relating to my `` manliness , '' I like to remind them that I am primarily an artist as an actor , writer , and woodworker .
Even in my family , I 'm not the one you 'd call manly . In most of the country ( and the world ) , there are teenagers who could whip me in most contests , because they are working hard every day of their lives , swinging an axe , hauling buckets of water , wrangling herds of cattle , hogs , and horses . Conversely , I memorize written lines of ( brilliant ) dialogue . Then I go to a trailer where my hair is coiffed and MAKEUP is applied to my face . After that , I squeeze my beefy corpus into specifically unattractive garments before heading into the set , where I then deliver my prepared scenes with all the deadpan élan I can muster . If hungry , I can request a sandwich fixed to my liking . My mewling is easily silenced with a bottle of water or a cup of corn chowder .
Please do n't misunderstand me . In my life , there are and have been times when I did and do work like `` a man . '' I have engaged in years of labor on my family 's farm . I have framed houses . I worked two summers on a blacktop crew , paving parking lots and driveways in the Illinois humidity . I did some roofing in Chicago . I have known and enjoyed hard work for many of my prime years . But now , I am a clown who occasionally gets to mill a tree into table slabs .
Having thus established my current meager rank on the great tourney bracket of manliness in life , let 's began this chapter in earnest . First of all , let 's change up our semantics . I wish to examine some human attributes that I think of as , yes , `` manly , '' but I would also like to touch upon some personality traits that I feel are charismatic in people of all sexes , that many readers might instinctively think of as `` manly '' but I will simply call `` capable . ''
Chivalry : In a nutshell , there are certain situations in everyday life in which we fellas have the opportunity to behave , well , decently . The initial `` women 's lib '' movement brought the role of modern-day chivalry into question . `` If you ladies want to be treated as equals , then should n't you be able to open your own car door ? '' The answer to that is , quite simply , `` No , dude . You 're an asshole . '' Women are , quite clearly , powerful and smart , quite often more than us bros .
However , when ladies like to wear shoes that are difficult to move around in , or perhaps a foxy skirt that limits their choices in sitting positions , then it 's simply nice to lend them a sympathetic hand . Whatever the adversity , if a man is on hand to provide ease to a lady 's cause , I think he 's a shitheel if he stands idly by when she could use an umbrella , a handkerchief , or a steady arm .
Grooming : Again , who is making the rules ? How does a `` man '' groom himself in this modern age ? As a character actor blessed with a thick head of hair and thicker thicket of bracken upon my face , neck , and lip , I have enjoyed excessively utilizing these accessories in every possible permutation I could muster . I have done Mr. T 's majestic hairdo in both brown and platinum white . I often shave my head bald . I have exploited my whiskers for beards , goatees , Vandykes , muttonchops , and of course all manner of moustaches .
Another thought that I think goes for everybody , but men especially : Be Handy . For Pete 's sake , I know not everybody can build a canoe , or even a Popsicle stick . That does n't mean you need to throw your hands in the air and say , `` I 'm useless . '' There are many facets of our daily lives that entail minor tool use , which damn near any idiot can master . You can use a screwdriver . You can use a hammer . Trust me .
Adapted from the book PADDLE YOUR OWN CANOE by Nick Offerman . Copyright © 2013 by Nick Offerman . Reprinted by arrangement with Dutton . All rights reserved .
Young Sanders supporters at a rally in Iowa in December . ( Mark Kauzlarich/Reuters )
Socialism is having a moment .
I 'm not just referring to Bernie Sanders 's surprisingly strong showing in the Democratic primaries . Various polls show that Millennials have a more favorable view of socialism than of capitalism . And Millennials generally are the only age group that views socialism more favorably than unfavorably .
Some conservatives are n't surprised . Schools have been force-feeding left-wing propaganda to kids like it was feed for geese at a foie gras factory .
Advertisement
Advertisement
On the other hand , what are we to make of the fact that only a fraction of the young people who say they like socialism can explain what it is ? If left-wing indoctrination is so effective at getting kids to like socialism , you 'd think it would have more success at getting kids to at least parrot back a serviceable definition .
Regardless , this is a familiar tale . Young people have a well-documented tendency of skipping facts and arguments and going straight to conclusions .
Advertisement
RELATED : Fellow Millenials : Do n't Be Deceived by Democratic Socialism
Writing in The Federalist , Emily Ekins and Joy Pullmann note that many of these young people think socialism is federally mandated niceness . A 2014 Reason-Rupe survey asked Millennials to define socialism . They had in mind a more generous safety net , more kindness and , as one put it , more “ being together . ”
But when asked if they agreed with a more technically accurate definition of socialism — government control of the economy — support dropped considerably ( though not nearly enough ) . Given a choice between a government-managed economy and a free-market economy , Millennials overwhelmingly chose the latter . It seems young people realize that putting bureaucrats in charge of Uber would n't work too well .
Advertisement
Still , it boggles the mind that anyone can see the folly of having the government take over Amazon or Facebook but be blind to the problems of having the government run health care .
# share # More intriguing to me is the fact that kids who do n't know what textbook socialism is actually had a better understanding of what drives socialism in the first place .
Advertisement
Karl Marx was one of the worst things to ever happen to socialism , and not just because he set the world on a path to the murder , oppression , and enslavement of millions upon millions of people . It was Marx and his confreres who persuaded the intellectual classes that socialism was a strictly “ scientific ” doctrine . For generations , economists — real and so-called — worked on the assumption that the economy could be run like a machine . Just as engineers had mastered the steam engine and the transistor , they could do likewise with supply and demand .
RELATED : The Lure of Socialism
Advertisement
For generations , intellectuals — real and so-called — argued that economics was best left to “ planners. ” Time and again , reality — specifically , the reality dictated by human desires — refused to be bent to neatly arrayed columns of numbers and well-stacked slips of paper . The philosopher-economist Friedrich Hayek long ago explained that planners suffer from what he called “ the knowledge problem. ” Even the best bureaucrat could n't know what customers , suppliers , and managers on the ground wanted or needed .
And each time the planners insisted that if they just had a little bit more power , a bit more data , a few more resources , they could make planning work . When all you have is a hammer , you 're inclined to believe that there 's no problem a few more nails wo n't fix .
RELATED : Bernie 's Strange Brew of Nationalism and Socialism
The Soviet Union and its various cousins did much to discredit “ scientific socialism , ” what with all the killing and totalitarianism . The fact that it did n't seem to make people richer also undermined its appeal . “ Scientifically , ” people did n't want to be bullied , oppressed , or impoverished .
The unrealism of socialism spelled its undoing — for a time .
Advertisement
# related # The dilemma is that there is a reality underneath the fraud of scientific socialism . The first socialists were not economists or technocrats . They were romantics and nostalgists . They loathed the relentless logic of the market and its reward of merit and efficiency as judged by the marketplace .
They wanted to return to the imagined Eden of the noble savage and the state of nature . They wanted to live in a world of tribal brotherhood and mutual love . Long before the math of “ scientific socialism ” there were the emotions of socialism , both light and dark : egalitarianism and envy .
Young people understandably are drawn by the promise of “ being together. ” But they think the federal government can make it happen . If government planners ca n't even provide goods and services efficiently , how will they ever provide togetherness ?
— Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review​ . You can write to him by e-mail at goldbergcolumn @ gmail.com , or via Twitter @ JonahNRO . © 2016 Tribune Content Agency , LLC
Evelynn - IN PROGRESS ! !
Hey guys ! If you saw my Leona pic you probably know what 's up.If not then let 's begin : I will be starting the League of Legends fanart serie of every female champion in the game.This is my progress list so far:1-Leona - check ! 2-Syndra - check ! 3-Jinx - check ! 4-Ashe - check ! 5-Ahri - check ! 6-Orianna - check ! 7-Caitlyn - check ! 8-Riven - check ! 9-Quinn - check ! 10-Elise - check ! 11-Diana - check ! 12-13-Aniva - not yet started14-Sona - not yet started15-Vi - not yet started16-Karma -not yet started17-Janna - not yet started18-Lux - not yet started19-Lulu - not yet started20-Katarina - not yet started21- ? ? ? 22- ? ? ? .... This is where you guys come in ! I want you to give me suggestions of the next girl I will be doing.But here 's the catch ! Every 5th one will be let 's just say it `` fan servise '' . So choose well.STEP UP AND GIVE YOUR SUGGESTIONS ! DO N'T WAIT AND DO N'T BE SHY ! Have a nice day !
When I tell people I do n't drink , the normal response is , `` Wait -- never ? '' For the last six months , I have chosen not to drink , and I hope I can choose not to drink for the next six months , and the next six months after that , and the next six after that , for the rest of my life . The first question many acquaintances have is , `` How do I go to so many concerts , then ? ''
Being stone-cold sober at a concert makes me a minority ( for most concerts I go to ) . But this weekend at the Phish concert , I did n't feel so alone because there was a community of also-stone-cold-sober people at a bright-yellow table , ready to give support to others like me . Phellowship , `` a community of Phish Heads who choose to remain drug and alcohol free '' was set up in the very center of the arena , parallel to the stage .
Continue Reading
See also : A Guide to Phish 's On-Stage Hand Signals , From Drunken Bar Swing to Pork Tornado
I was stopped dead in my tracks when I saw the stickers they had sitting on the table , also bright yellow , with the phrase `` One concert at a time . '' I have a tattoo on my arm that I got after my first month sober which says `` One day at a time , '' a mantra popular in A.A. communities .
Sometimes , though , being a music enthusiast , I feel like my life is `` one concert at a time . '' Some concerts I feel the cravings for a beer in my hand and feel jealousy toward the partiers around me taking shots from flasks they snuck in . The `` one concert at a time '' stickers made me feel like someone in this mega-arena of fifteen thousand people was in the same boat as me -- a feeling I rarely get at concerts . The table was staffed by an older man and a girl just a little bit older than me . I smiled at the man and he asked how I was . I thanked him for being there and told him I was six months sober . He fist-pumped me and smiled , and I walked away because the first notes of the first set blared from the speakers .
I was dancing at the show , thinking about the yellow table . I was waiting , actually waiting for the set break so I could go back up for when they had a meeting . While dancing and waiting , I saw a man curled up in a ball , obviously having a terrible trip . I also witnessed a woman being carried out of the concert floor by a paramedic because she was so drunk she could n't stand . These are not abnormal sights at concerts , and I have been that person on the other end of the paramedics ' arms . But remembering the yellow table gave me support during those moments when I felt sick remembering my past and scared thinking that could be me again . The yellow table was still on my mind by the end of the set .
I went there during the set break . I watched from afar the friendly faces chat next to each other , hug and embrace . It seemed like they were all old friends , but I knew most of them were meeting for the first time . There were old men in tye-dye shirts with long hair and weathered skin . There were women who did n't look that different from me , full of energy , high on the vibes of the music . There were couples with kids , and there were outsiders watching , like me . It was a concert scene I had been waiting to see for the last six months .
I was n't ready to talk to anyone there -- going to A.A. is a struggle every time ( Phellowship is n't associated with A.A. ; that 's just my comparison ) . Walking into the room and introducing yourself with your weakest foot forward , your addiction out front , just is n't easy . I just was n't ready to do that at a concert , which is my release , where I do n't have to talk about my past . I knew that all of the people surrounding this bright-yellow table had stories to tell , struggles they overcame and strong decisions they made . I knew that they made a choice to not abandon their passion , but to unite in their love for it . As I watched , I felt calm knowing the table was there , and I walked on to get water .
• BACKBEAT 'S GREATEST HITS • - The fifty best rap lyrics of all time - The ten biggest concert buzzkills - Five more concert buzzkills - From Phish to Floyd , the ten best light shows
Follow @ Westword_Music
Metro riders will now be able to use their cellphones on the stretch of the tracks between Stadium-Armory and Potomac Ave. stations . ( Photo by Matt McClain/ The Washington Post )
Metro riders will now be able to use their cellphones on a 1.1-stretch of the underground tunnel between Potomac Avenue and Stadium-Armory stations — the first step of a years-long process to roll out cell service from the nation 's four major carriers to the entire underground track system .
Verizon Wireless , T-Mobile , AT & T and Sprint all launched their first segment of underground cell service Thursday , Metro said Monday . Riders should now be able to communicate on that stretch of the tracks with friends and family — or emergency personnel — even if they 're a half-mile from the nearest station .
Metro 's goal is to ensure that cellphone service exists in all its underground tunnels by 2020 , though they 've said in the past that they expect many segments of the system to start offering functioning cell service long before the deadline .
With this first segment of the system completed , Metro and the four cellphone carriers now have 49.4 miles of the system to go .
[ Metro nears new deal for cell service throughout tunnel system ]
“ Riders have told us they want the ability to maintain wireless communication at all times while riding Metro , and this project is responsive to their needs , ” Metro General Manager Paul J. Wiedefeld said in a statement Monday . “ I am pleased to see the tunnel wiring project move forward under the plan I announced earlier this year . ”
Metro has been criticized in the past by members of Congress and the Federal Communications Commission for the lack of functioning cell service along the tracks and in underground tunnels . Federal officials ' concerns are rooted in safety , not customer service : Cell service , they argue , could be a vital lifeline in an emergency , or if there was no way for an operator or passenger to contact Metro officials in the case of a radio breakdown .
“ Quite simply , when D.C. Metro riders — often the first to see a problem developing — try to notify first responders , they frequently are unable to receive a signal strong enough to make a simple call to 9-1-1 to report the emergency , ” FCC Commissioner Michael O'Rielly wrote in an Oct. 2015 letter .
Currently , there is cell phone service within all of Metro 's underground stations , as well as wireless Internet in six stations near downtown D.C .
[ Free WiFi comes to six Metro stations — at least temporarily ]
April has been a particularly good month for the Spanish job market . The number of people who filed jobless claims went down by 129,281 , the biggest drop for a single month in the entire historical series . The previous record had been set in June 2013 . The total number of people without a job now stands at 3.57 million , according to the Labor Ministry .
Meanwhile , the number of employed grew by 212,216 , as measured by new Social Security affiliations . This brings the total number of contributors to the national welfare system to 18.12 million .
The calendar has helped boost job figures for April : the Easter holidays always mean increased hiring , especially in tourist destinations . As a reflection of that , employment grew in all sectors but most particularly in the hospitality sector , where 96,069 new jobs were added .
The unemployment rate in Spain is around 18.7 % , down from the high of 27 % in 2013 , when the country was in the grip of a crippling economic crisis . Despite a recovery and good growth forecasts , Spain still has the second-highest jobless rate in the EU after Greece .
Spain will spend a further €1.1 billion in 2017 on bank bailout Antonio Maqueda , Iñigo de Barrón The Spanish government foresees adding a further €1.1 billion to the cost of rescuing the country 's banks in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis , according to data sent to Brussels . So far , the cost has been €57.9 billion , from which €9.6 billion can be deducted in interest and dividends , leaving the total cost at €48.2 billion . The final figure will depend largely on the sale of Bankia and losses from the Sareb bank created to house the toxic assets of Spain 's banks .
English version by Susana Urra .
Top secret documents from Edward Snowden 's cache have revealed Canada 's ambition to become a big player in the world of electronic spying . The leak comes just as the country plans to vote on a law that would give its cyber agencies more powers .
READ MORE : 'Freedom in jeopardy ' : Thousands rally across Canada against new anti-terror law
A confidential presentation by Canada 's intelligence agency Communications Security Establishment ( CSE ) dated 2011 was among the documents published jointly by the Canadian Broadcast Corporation and The Intercept , the website of investigative journalist Glenn Greenwald . In it , the counterpart of US National Security Agency ( NSA ) assures its Five Eyes allies – US , UK , Australia and New Zealand – that by 2015 it “ will seek the authority to conduct a wide spectrum of Effects operations in support of our mandates . ”
The C-51 bill , which would relax Canada 's stringent policing and intelligence regulations , is currently being pushed through parliament by the ruling Conservative party in the cause of combatting terrorism , but is facing spirited resistance , including filibusters from the opposition . Public demonstrations have also been staged against the legislation , which has been criticized as vague , shadowy and intrusive .
The allegedly leaked presentation shows 32 techniques that could be employed by the CSE – some defensive , others proactive . Among them are :
READ MORE : ‘ When you collect everything , you understand nothing ' – Snowden
– ‘ Computer network operations to destroy adversary infrastructure ' : using electronic means to cause physical damage is an increasing priority . The most well-known example is Stuxnet , a likely US-Israeli virus that damaged Iran 's uranium enrichment centrifuges . But attack targets could include power stations , dams and airports . There are other options listed of controlling/disabling infrastructure ;
– ‘ False flag operations ' : these create damage and then leave a trail of evidence that pins the blame on another country or agent ;
– ‘ Traffic Alteration ' : intercepting enemy communications with the purpose of inserting malware , which can be used for inflicting damage .
While CSE said it was not at liberty to comment on the details , it has published a series of written replies claiming the documents are “ dated ” and “ do not necessarily reflect current CSE practices or programs . ”
It has also simultaneously accused CBC and the Intercept of “ misunderstanding ” the published files , and “ rendering our methods less effective . ”
READ MORE : Anonymous hacktivist deported back to US after failed asylum bid
“ In moving from ideas or concepts to planning and implementation , we examine proposals closely to ensure that they comply with the law and internal policies , and that they ultimately lead to effective and efficient ways to protect Canada and Canadians against threats , ” CSE said in a statement .
Former NSA contractor and CIA employee Snowden distributed part of the classified documents exposing relentless mass surveillance by the US and its key allies to Canadian media . Previously leaked materials have already revealed that the CSE shares some of its tactics with the NSA and even allegedly uses the US agency 's cyber warfare software for some tasks .
READ MORE : Canadian faces $ 20k fine , jail time for refusing to unlock phone during airport check
Snowden 's leaks had shown that the CSE targets cellphones with the highly sophisticated WARRIORPRIDE malware and also maintains a botnet , or a whole network of infected private computers , to attack targets without giving itself away . Back in 2013 , the NSA leaks implied that Canadians were also allegedly involved in spying on devices connected to the Brazilian mining and energy ministry – which was part of what prompted accusations of industrial espionage and a diplomatic row between Brasilia and Washington .
Last week , a game called Valthirian Arc : Hero School Story released on Steam and Nintendo Switch in North America . I 've been playing it ! While I feel I 'm nowhere near the end of the full experience , I 've managed to put in about 10 committed hours . And if I had to summarize my impression of the title right away , I 'd say it has a solid formula for fun gameplay… but with a few real caveats .
The story of Valthirian Arc : Hero School Story involves your character becoming the new Principal at a prestigious , interesting school . You are charged with selecting which students are admitted , ensuring they are educated as well as possible , and that their education is bolstered by the most cutting-edge facilities available — all while turning a profit and engaging in wise , constant business management .
Of course , this school is a little unusual . You do not gain gold through admission fees ; rather , your students earn them on ‘ missions ' in the wild , defeating monsters or finding some spare change in a bit of cut grass . Eventually , in addition to generic Classrooms you can also add other rooms on campus that will train your students in a certain adventurer class , like a Knight or a Scout . Regularly , the premises are visited by a merchant that will sell fine weapons and other items . Then there 's the matter of the young lady who runs the Armory , helping you craft Scraps and various enchantments into even more powerful weapons and defensive equipment…
From this framework emerges a multi-genre treat for the player . The gameplay loop goes something like this : You choose which students to accept based on their stats when they apply . You then assign these students to missions where they earn experience points to gain levels in strength ; find treasure in the form of currency , crafting fuel , and separate items alike ; and gain reputation for your school , which is required to upgrade your campus in order to build better facilities to house more students , train them better , and unlock stronger items and character classes .
So there are a few very different things going on , obviously . At the heart of your experience is your school campus , which will require a base management/simulation style of play . Have you ever played one of those mobile games where you gradually build a larger base over time ? That model is fleshed out fairly well , here .
And earlier , when I said “ assign these students to missions , ” I mean that in two classic ways : You can passively assign them on an ‘ errand , ' which involves a wait time before they return and you see if they succeeded or failed . If you have played something like Final Fantasy Tactics Advance , this will feel natural for you .
The alternative mission format is the driving force of Hero School Story , the real-time combat stages .
You will notice right away that combat is very simple . I am playing the Steam version of the game , where movement is WASD while J attacks and L uses a single special ability that recharges . The only other control I have used , and not even for most missions , is pressing numbers 1-4 will switch which party member you control . The most use I have gotten from that option is when my character gets stuck between level geometry and teammates .
Otherwise , missions are comprised of a checklist of either finding a number of items and/or defeating a quantity of enemies . A special mission may involve finding a unique character , or making it to a checkpoint , etc . Although I am nowhere near finishing the game , so far my experience has been that typical missions usually just take a few minutes . Honestly , though , that 's kinda nice , and lends Valthirian Arc : Hero School Story a brisk pace .
Your choice of missions widens pretty early to include involvement with five different Queendoms . By selecting a particular preference and advancing in their distinctive storyline , you can gain favor with a certain Queen and see where their plot goes .
Along the way , storyline interactions feature visual-novel-ready artwork and solid dialogue .
Hero School Story is juuuust intricate enough that it would be laborious to go into too much mechanical detail here ( in order to gain the significant boosts to your school 's esteem to qualify for campus upgrades you need to select students for graduation each in-game year , it 's a whole thing that informs how you select parties and classes and leveling up and yadda yadda yadda ) ; besides , I 'm aiming to give you my impression here , not a manual .
But you may have noticed a running theme : This game is not quite a sim , but more like a Sim Lite . It 's not quite a hack-and-slash dungeon crawler , but more like a Hack-and-Slash Lite . It features RPG elements and crafting , but neither to a really complex extent . Even the music , while serviceable and fine , lands at a quality I want to describe as “ orchestral MIDI . ”
Maybe the concept of “ it 's kinda like a sim/RPG hybrid but not super intense ” appeals to you . Heck , the whole game might ! However , I 'd be remiss not to mention that Valthirian Arc : Hero School Story feels like a game that aspires for ambitious heights but ca n't quite divorce itself from mobile sensibilities . Not that there 's anything wrong with the mobile sector inherently , but you get a sense of a steady drip feed of player-reward that , personally at least , can be off-putting .
Let me give just one example : Character classes . You hear , early on , that characters who reach their maximum level can be promoted to an advanced class . Cool ! However , I got a few characters to level 10 real quick and… did not see any option for advancement . Huh . Ah , but then I was able to upgrade my campus ; lo and behold , I could build a room for training Knights ! I thought this was what I needed — only to try it , and be told I now needed to hire a Mentor . Hm . And there was no obvious way to do that . Ah , but then a mission popped up about finding an old Knight in the woods ! Sure enough , he agrees to be a mentor for the school , and I could start promoting characters to the Knight class .
So what could 've been a simple system is drawn out over time and pieacemealed . Maybe some players feel a growing sense of satisfaction with this , but in my present lifestyle I just do n't have time for it . There 's other , smaller instances of this sort of design that I had to resign to frowning at and grinding through . At least there are no microtransactions .
Yet my biggest qualm was more of a technical one : Maybe it 's just the laptop I 'm running the game on , but the mouse cursor has a noticeable lag , and does not move smoothly at all . It 's a choppy , gummy sort of feel , neither pleasurable nor conducive . It 's a constant , buggery little thing .
At press time , the game 's Steam page has a review summary of Mixed . That seems spot-on to me . If you 're looking for a meaty RPG progression to sink your teeth into , or you 're really in the mood for a city-building simulation , or you want to zone out and just hack-and-slash your way through a dungeon , Hero School Story does n't quite hit the mark .
… but if , perhaps , you 're honest with yourself , and in the back of your mind you know your brain has a weakness for constant small progressions and the manipulative design lessons of mobile-gaming success — this might be the game for you .
It 's not quite bad . It 's truly interesting , in how it tries to juggle so much going on at once . You might love it . You may even grow an affinity for the narrative , and find yourself all up in your feelings over which Queendom to favor .
As for me , I can say I had fun with my time in Valthirian Arc , but I can also say I 'm okay with walking away from it .
This article is over 4 years old
Liu Han convicted as leader of murderous crime syndicate in case with links to Communist party elite
A Chinese mining tycoon has been sentenced to death for leading a crime gang that killed rivals , a state news agency reported , in a case that revealed ties between organised crime and politicians .
Liu Han is former chairman of energy conglomerate Sichuan Hanlong Group in the south-western province of Sichuan , which owns stakes in Australian and US mines . He disappeared in March 2013 , temporarily disrupting deals to finance mine development in Nevada and Australia , before police announced he had been detained .
The death sentences for Liu Han and his brother Liu Wei were the first in trials of their 36-member gang by a court in the central province of Hubei , the Xinhua News Agency said .
The Chinese president , Xi Jinping , has launched an anti-corruption crackdown that has ensnared senior politicians and influential businessmen .
Many of the Sichuan cases are believed linked to Zhou Yongkang , a former member of the Communist party 's standing committee , the country 's ruling inner circle . He is now believed to be a target of the wide-ranging graft investigation .
The Liu brothers and their associates have been charged with 15 crimes including murder , assault , illegal detention , blackmail and operating casinos .
Prosecutors say their criminal activities , dating back to 1993 , helped them amass 40 billion yuan ( US $ 6.4bn ) in assets with businesses in finance , energy , real estate and mining .
The gang is accused in the deaths of nine people , five of whom were shot , according to earlier reports . Police seized hand grenades , half a dozen submachine guns , 20 pistols and other firearms .
Liu Han ranked 148th in 2012 on Forbes magazine 's list of the richest Chinese businesspeople , with a fortune estimated at $ 855m . He told The Wall Street Journal in 2010 that an investor once shot up his car after suffering losses in a deal .
The group is accused of fostering ties with politicians in Sichuan that helped Liu Han win appointment as a delegate of the provincial advisory body for three terms , according to earlier Xinhua reports .
Among the accused are three officials in city-level police and prosecutors ' offices in Sichuan , Xinhua said . It said Liu Wei 's testimony showed the officials received money and gifts as well as weekly parties with illicit drugs .
I 'm proud to introduce to you a new tool I created . It 's called interface-it , and it 's an open source project hosted on Github designed to help Java developers to create better test fixtures and to refactor procedural code more easily . More specifically , it 's designed to replace the use of static imports by the use of “ mixin ” interfaces .
What 's a “ mixin ” ?
A mixin is basically a special kind of class which allows multiple inheritance without potential for unresolvable ambiguity or cycles in the inheritance hierarchy . It provides not just inheritance of the type but also of the implementation . Another word for “ mixin ” , used in the Scala language , is “ trait ” .
Before version 8 , Java did not allow mixins , but now in Java 8 you can create an interface with default method implementations . Oracle does not especially encourage the use of default method implementations in interfaces – it 's a feature which was added in order to retrofit existing API 's with lambdas ( as explained here ) . However , default methods can be quite useful in certain specific cases .
What 's wrong with static imports ?
The site javapractices.com encourages us to “ use static imports rarely ” because they can make the code more difficult to understand . I 've even worked in a team which had IDE settings to forbid the use of static imports . When you read code , it 's nice to know whether a method call is defined in the calling class or in another class , and whether it 's a static method or non-static . Static imports hide this information .
Use cases for interface-it
Test fixtures
There are tools like Mockito and AssertJ which encourage the use of many static calls in unit test code . You can either use static imports for these and hope your IDE 's auto-completion is up to the task of dealing with them . Or you can wrap the classes with these static methods using interface-it to create mixins used by your test class . In that case , you have no need for a static import ( instead you have “ class MyTestClass implements Mockito , AssertJ ” ) , and you call methods of these tests tools as though they belong to your test class , because they do belong to it .
Before Java 8 , to build a complex test fixture , you needed to create a superclass with all the functionality you might need in your tests , or a hierarchy of fixture classes with added layers of functionality in each subclass . In Java 8 you can use mixins to separate out different functionalities needed for different types of tests , and you can pick and choose which ones each test class needs to implement . Maybe some tests need to implement AssertJ but not Mockito , for example .
The interface-it tool can be used to create mixins for test fixture classes . You can also just copy and paste the example source code for Mockito and/or AssertJ generated by interface-it .
For interface-it 's own test fixtures , I 've been “ eating my own dog food ” , so you can see an example of this in the DelegateMethodGeneratorTest class , which “ implements AssertJ , Mockito , JUnitAssert ” ( note that I had to resolve a name conflict between AssertJ and JUnit – the method fail ( ) – by overriding one of the mixin methods – not a big deal in this case , but I also could have chosen to rename one of the fail ( ) methods in the mixin source code if I had needed to call both methods ) .
Refactoring procedural legacy code
Static methods are not object-oriented . A static call enforces tight coupling , which constrains your design . You can replace an object by another object without modifying the code that uses the object , but a static call links one class to another which can not be replaced ( note that some tools like Powermock can use some class loading voodoo to allow you to replace a static call in a test , but that does not fix the inherent design flaw ) .
In test fixtures , some procedural code is okay , because the tests are generally not reusable objects . Common functionality of different tests can be factored up , but unit tests are largely procedural in nature : setup ( “ given ” ) , followed by invocation of the unit under test ( “ when ” ) , followed by validation of results and post-conditions ( “ then ” ) .
In production code , it 's better to avoid procedural code apart from some factory functionality ( where you construct the graph of objects ) . There 's a lot of legacy production code in the world where a static method is called many times in many different classes . In this case , it 's quite painful to get rid of all these calls at once . Following the Boy Scout Rule , if you need to add one of these calls in the code that you 're working on , or if you are refactoring a class which makes procedural static calls , consider using interface-it to create a mixin which you can use to replace the static call in one place at a time . It 's also useful if you need to write a unit test before doing a more complete refactoring , because the mixin can be mocked in a test . In production code , you do n't necessarily have to have your legacy class implement the mixin as in the test fixture use case . You can simply treat the mixin as the interface of a collaborating object and pass it into the constructor or into specific methods where it 's needed . Where you need to instantiate it in production code , you can create an anonymous subclass , as in “ new MyMixin ( ) { } ” .
Example usage in refactoring of legacy code :
Imagine we have a supply system which makes online credit card purchases automatically , and the call which does this is a static procedural call . We want to add flexibility to the design and add unit tests so we can more easily manage code quality and refactorings , but we have these unavoidable static calls everywhere . We have to start somewhere , so let 's fix SupplyMonitor ‘ s trackAndProcurePencils ( ) method which checks the inventory of pencils against the number of employees and buys new pencils accordingly :
public void trackAndProcurePencils ( ) { int targetPencilCount = this.currentEmployeeCount * TARGET_PENCILS_PER_EMPLOYEE ; int currentPencilCount = inventory.getItemCount ( PENCIL_ITEM_CODE ) ; if ( currentPencilCount < targetPencilCount ) { SupplySystem.buy ( new PurchaseOrder ( PENCIL_ITEM_CODE , targetPencilCount - currentPencilCount ) , new CreditCard ( CREDIT_CARD_NUMBER ) ) ; } }
So let 's write a unit test :
@ Test public void should_order_pencils_when_undersupplied ( ) { Mockito.when ( inventory.getItemCount ( SupplyMonitor.PENCIL_ITEM_CODE ) ) .thenReturn ( 120 ) ; underTest.trackAndProcurePencils ( ) ; // Oh , dear . Not only to I have no way to test what happened inside the // method under test , but I think I just bought 280 pencils with my credit card ! ! ! ! }
Better not commit that – it could get expensive .
We 're going to fix this by generating a wrapper interface which delegates to SupplySystem . In a Windows command-line we type :
C : \dev\eclipsews > java -cp SupplyProject\bin ; interface-it\target\interface-it-0.7.0.jar org.interfaceit.ui.commandline.CommandLineMain -n SupplySystemWrapper -c org.legacy.SupplySystem -p org.legacy -d Katas\src\org\legacy -s SupplyProject\src\org\legacy\SupplySystem.java
…and see :
Wrote file : C : \dev\eclipsews\SupplyProject\src\org\legacy\SupplySystemWrapper.java
Now we have our generated wrapper interface . We update the test to look like this :
@ Test public void should_order_pencils_when_undersupplied ( ) { Mockito.when ( inventory.getItemCount ( SupplyMonitor.PENCIL_ITEM_CODE ) ) .thenReturn ( 120 ) ; underTest.trackAndProcurePencils ( ) ; Mockito.verify ( supplySystem ) .buy ( Mockito.argThat ( orderMatcher ) , Mockito.any ( ) ) ; }
Note that we could also use interface-it to get rid of the “ Mockito. ” references in the test code ( as previously demonstrated ) , but it 's better to focus one issue at a time .
Here are links to more complete code for the examples : before refactoring and after refactoring . The generated wrapper interface code can be found here .
Conclusion :
So that 's what interface-it can do for now . I 've already started work on improving usability by creating a custom Ant task that manages the generation and update of wrapper interfaces . Since the jar is available on the Central Repository , anyone with Maven , Gradle or Ivy can easily pull the jar to create their own custom usability solution . If you 're looking for a project , you could use the interface-it jar to create a plugin for your favorite IDE ( please leave a comment if you plan to do something like that ) . You can code whatever UI you want using the ClassCodeGenerator API , specifically by using an instance of DelegateMethodGenerator .
Advertisements
CLOSE When it comes to interest , do n't take your time . Start doing this now so you can retire in style . USA TODAY
In this Jan. 31 , 2011 photo , Bank of America customers use ATM machines in New York . ( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan ) ( Photo11 : Mark Lennihan , AP )
Cash — or something close to it — is king again .
Enjoying a steady job market but reluctant to spend freely due to economic uncertainty , a wide swath of middle-class Americans are hoarding money in banks .
Total bank deposits rose 6.6 % last year to $ 10.7 trillion , extending steady growth seen in recent years , data from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation show .
Deposits measured as a percentage of bank assets are 77.6 % in the first quarter of 2017 , the highest since 2006 , according to data economic research firm Moebs Services .
And Americans love liquidity . They hold about $ 2 trillion in checking account now , says Mike Moebs , CEO of Moebs Services , which provides research and consultancy services to financial institutions . The average U.S. checking account deposit is about $ 3,600 , climbing from $ 1,000 in 2007 , he says .
Much of deposit growth surely has to do with the resilient U.S. economy that continues to expand from the depths of the financial crisis . Steady paychecks are the industry 's best friend .
`` Incomes are up and people are choosing to deposit ( their money ) rather than increase spending , '' says Paul Merski , group executive vice president of congressional relations and strategy for the Independent Community Bankers of America .
A dearth of investment options is also driving the hoarding behavior . Only about half of Americans are invested in the stock market , according to Gallup . And other common options , such as certificates of deposits and savings accounts , are offering interest rates that are barely above those of checking accounts .
While saving is deemed a personal finance virtue , would-be shoppers holding tightly onto their budgets can also be a drag on the economy . U.S. consumer spending was relatively flat , up only 0.1 % in May , the latest data from the Commerce Department show . Retail and auto sales have also been sluggish .
Consumers `` are not spending , '' Moebs said . `` The Great Recession is n't over for consumers and small businesses . Small businesses feel a great deal of uncertainty and they 're being very cautious , especially with any capital plans they have. ``
High debt obligations also are affecting household spending decisions . Total household debt balances rose by 1.2 % in the first quarter from the previous quarter to $ 12.73 trillion , according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York . That 's 11th consecutive quarter of growth and surpasses the peak of $ 12.68 trillion seen in the third quarter of 2008 .
CLOSE In a bizarre situation involving a Bank of America ATM in Corpus Christi , a contractor locked himself inside the room connected with the money machine . Josh King has the story ( @ abridgetoland ) . Buzz60
Bountiful customer deposits also likely helped boost large banks ' incomes , and the rising numbers will be reflected in a slew of bank earnings reports due in the next few days .
Banks also stand to benefit from `` a reasonable rise '' in interest rates , Merski said . Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen told Congress Wednesday that the central bank plans to keep raising its key short-term rate . As interest rates rise , the `` spread '' in the rates between what they earn in loans issued and the interest paid to deposit customers also increases . `` If banks can make more spread , they may also make more loans , '' he said .
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2ulCwgp
The Myth of the Rockstar Programmer is just that , a myth . It 's an unfortunate myth for a number of reasons .
It sets an unreasonable expectation for regular folks .
Calling out rockstars demotivates the team .
Telling someone they are a rockstar may cause them to actually believe it .
Reality is a normal distribution curve . Lots of good average senior developers , some amazing outliers and some junior folks with potential . ( and some folks that suck . )
Brooks 's law : Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later .
The Rockstar Developer is a Myth
People love to say that a rockstar can do the work of 10 regular engineers . That 's just nonsense . 9 women ca n't have one baby in a month , and 10 `` rockstar '' developers ca n't replace 100 regular ones .
I hate Quora so I wo n't link to them , but here 's a modification of a great answer from Nate Waddoups that was taken from some internal engineering paperwork :
Junior Engineer - Creates complex solutions to simple problems .
Engineer - Creates simple solutions to simple problems .
Senior Engineer - Creates simple solutions to complex problems .
Rockstar Engineer - Makes complex problems disappear .
Am * I * a rockstar ? I 'm a competent Senior Engineer who is also loud . I 've been on a lot of successful projects in the last 20 years and I was never the smartest guy in the room .
Senior + Loud ! = Rockstar
In my experience , in fact ...
Senior + Thoughtful == Rockstar
That may or may not include being loud . Just because someone has written a blog , or a book , or speaks well does n't mean they are a good developer . You certainly do n't want a diva . Diva Developers do more harm than good .
Are rockstars about lines of code ? No , good developers solve problems . More specifically , they make problems go away . They fix problems rather than complaining about them .
The Rockstar Team is Reality
In fact , it 's diversity of thought and experience in a team that makes a Rockstar Team - that 's what you really want . Put thoughtful and experience architects with enthusiastic and positive engineers who are learning and you 'll get something . If you insist on calling someone a rockstar , they are likely the team 's teacher and mentor .
Jon Galloway says :
Pairing `` step back and think '' devs with `` crank a lot of pretty good code out '' devs is a recipe for a good team .
Build smart , diverse teams . Build rockstar teams .
UPDATE : I was just told about this post by shanley on the `` 10x Engineer . '' It 's a great and detailed piece and you should check it out !
Hayleigh Black was all ready to start the new school year in her homeroom class last week . But before she could even get there , the 16-year-old high school student was told to go home -- all because of her `` distracting '' hair color .
According to WAFF-TV , school officials at Muscle Shoals High School in Alabama told Black , whose hair is dyed red , that she would n't be able to attend classes unless her hair was of a more `` natural '' shade .
But Black says she was baffled by the sudden censure , since her hair has been the same shade of red for three years and no one has said anything about it until now .
Muscle Shoals City Schools Superintendent Brian Lindsey told the news outlet that he supports the school 's decision to send Black home . `` The dress code section of the Muscle Shoals High School Student Handbook states , 'Students will not be allowed to attend classes if their… [ hair ] has been dyed a bright or distractive color . ' ''
Black has reportedly managed to strip her hair of some of the red dye and has been allowed back in school , but her family says the whole ordeal took a toll on the teen .
`` She 's been very humiliated . It 's been embarrassing . It 's been unwanted attention , '' the family 's attorney , Jon McGee , told WZDX-TV . `` Her self esteem has taken a hit . ''
Black 's family says that the school chose to mark the teen as absent on her first day , but with their attorney 's help , they 're hoping to get the school to reconsider that decision .
Keyword research is not ( or should n't be ) just about creating a list of keyword phrases a surfer uses when performing a search . Using just a few SEO tools to create a keyword list , you wo n't research much .
The deeper you understand the topic , the richer your content becomes and the more “ occasional ” search referrals ( those you did n't optimize for ) you are likely to get . Let 's take a look at what you should / could pay attention to when analyzing your site core terms :
1 . The core term derived words :
What words of the same root are there ? How are they used ?
Online dictionaries are the best sources for this information :
Merriam-Webster online dictionary lists any word derivations along with most often used word combinations ;
The free dictionary offers a comprehensive list of derived words and definitions for each of them .
2 . Your core term word combinations :
What phrases usually contain the keyword ?
Conventional keyword research tools ( Wordtracker , Google Ads ) do exactly this : they list word combinations containing your term and rank them by popularity among search engine users .
L3xicon.com is another tool to add to your arsenal : it lists popular word combinations as well related terms and definitions for each word entered .
Keyword Map also lists some generally used keyword phrases as well represents them on a “ map ” .
3 . The core term lexical environment :
What words often accompany your core term in the context ? How do the contexts differ ?
I did a guest post on researching keyword context last week . The two most useful tools to do that are :
Search Cloudlet ( reviewed by me previously ) : it generates a tag cloud of words found in SERP for your core term search . The tag cloud is generated based on words in titles and text snippets . The search snippet is created based on the search term the closest environment ; so by extracting words used in snippets , you get the list of word that are often used in the same context with your core term . If you set Google to show 100 results per page to give the tool more data to analyze , you 'll get more accurate results .
Twitter Search : it 's value is about searching the live conversations and thus seeing your core term as used by your readers and listeners .
4 . The core term synonyms
What words are there of similar meaning ? How do they differ ?
Synonyms make our writing richer and more varied . Besides , by using synonyms you cover a broader scope of possible search queries .
Just a few tools to research synonyms include :
Google Ads External tool ( put a tick on “ Use synonyms “ ) ;
Synonym.com groups synonyms based on the core term meanings .
Rhyme Zone lists synonyms in a cloud-like way with most popular in bold .
Category SEOTools
Wash. Times Editorial Spreads Slurs , Lies , on Medicare 's Trans Coverage
An editorial published Wednesday by right-wing paper The Washington Times is full of inaccuracies and antitransgender slurs , arguing that a recent ruling by the Department of Health and Human Services lifting Medicare 's blanket ban on transgender-specific health care will force American taxpayers to pay for “ tranny grannies , ” as the editorial 's title puts it .
The inaccuracies in the editorial are numerous . It claims that “ taxpayers would henceforth pay for changing old men into old women , and vice versa , ” but the situation is not so cut-and-dried .
With the ruling still untested and formal policy changes yet to be revealed , all that is known is that the ban on transition-related care , like gender-confirming surgery and hormone therapy , has been lifted , clearing the way for transgender Medicare recipients to apply for coverage for such treatments . Whether such care will actually be provided through Medicare or by an outside provider will be decided on a case-by-case basis .
The editorial also conflates homosexuality with transsexuality , and makes the inaccurate presumption that all transgender people — those who would seek transition-related care — are homosexual .
The antitransgender bias and transmisogynistic tone of the editorial is never more clear than when the editorial describes Christine Jorgensen , one of the first openly trans women to appear in media , as “ discarding [ her ] manhood. ” The editorial then concludes that gender-affirming surgery is “ not a medically necessary procedure , but an indulgence , ” ignoring decades of medical consensus to the contrary . Clinical treatment for transgender individuals — including hormone therapy and , in some cases , gender-confirming surgery — has been deemed medically necessary by the World Professional Association for Transgender Health , and is listed as an appropriate clinical intervention for those experiencing gender dysphoria in the American Psychiatric Association 's latest edition of its industry standard Diagnostic and Statistical Manual .
Loading ... Loading ...
Israel is claiming the need to intervene in the Syrian town of Hader out of concern for and commitment to its Druze population , but Israel 's past support for Syrian rebels groups which have targeted the Druze , suggests that the motivation may lay elsewhere .
DAMASCUS , SYRIA — Israel , long a major player in the coalition of foreign governments seeking regime change in Syria , may now shed its passive role in the conflict for an active one . Last Friday , the spokesperson for the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) announced that Israel is “ prepared and ready to assist the residents of the [ Druze ] village [ of Hader ] and prevent damage to or the capture of the village Hader out of commitment to the Druze population . ”
# IDF spox : # Israel prepared & ready to help villagers to prevent damage or occupation of Hadar out of commitment to Druze population pic.twitter.com/R38yls8DQt — Anna Ahronheim ( @ AAhronheim ) November 3 , 2017
In other words , Israel is ready to occupy the Syrian village of Hader , held by the Syrian government and largely populated by the Druze religious minority . Hader is also located in proximity to the Golan Heights – a Syrian territory occupied by Israel for decades despite international opposition and multiple UN resolutions condemning the occupation . The statement was unusual , given that Israel has publicly maintained a “ hands-off ” policy regarding the Syrian conflict .
Israel 's apparent change of heart came after a car bomb killed nine and injured 23 others in Hader early Friday morning . Syrian news agency SANA blamed the al-Qaeda-affiliated al-Nusra Front for the attack , adding that subsequent clashes between the Syrian Arab Army and the terrorist group claimed the lives of several Syrian soldiers . Some Israeli media outlets , however , reported that Tahrir al-Sham was responsible , declining to mention that Tahrir al-Sham was the name adopted by al-Nusra earlier this year in May .
Prior to the bombing , al-Nusra Front had announced it would launch a campaign “ to lift the siege on the villages in the Golan Heights and the Syrian Hermon , ” further stating that the group had no intention to harm residents of Hader along with “ anyone else who does not intervene in the war . ”
Concern for Druze belied by discrimination , indifference
Druze men wave Syrian flags during a rally close to the Syrian border in Majdal Shams in the Golan Heights , Feb. 14 , 2011 . The annual demonstration is in protest of the 1981 Israeli law in which the Jewish state annexed the strategic plateau it captured from Syria during 1967 Arab-Israeli war . ( AP/Tsafrir Abayov )
Though Israel is now claiming the need to intervene out of concern for and commitment to the Druze population , Israel 's past support for Syrian rebels groups suggests that the real motivation may be something else entirely . Israel has long supported al-Nusra Front in Southern Syria , the very group responsible for last Friday 's car bomb . According to Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon , Israel has been aiding “ rebels ” in Southern Syria in order to keep the Druze out of “ immediate danger , ” an arrangement that has apparently backfired .
As far back as 2012 , the United Nations has documented Syrian “ rebels ” in Southern Syria – now under the al-Nusra banner – picking up supplies from the Israeli border , and meetings between Israeli military personnel and al-Nusra commanders have been photographed on several occasions . Reporters have also documented IDF personnel entering Syrian territory to conduct meetings with al-Nusra members and affiliates . Israel even established a Syrian “ rebel ” encampment inside Israeli territory along the Israeli-Syrian border :
Earlier this year , The Wall Street Journal reported Israel , since the early days of the conflict , has been “ supplying Syrian rebels near its border with cash as well as food , fuel , and medical supplies for years , a secret engagement in the enemy country 's civil war aimed at carving out a buffer zone populated by friendly forces . ”
Most notable , however , has been Israel 's long-standing practice of treating wounded Syrian “ rebels ” in Israeli hospitals . The allegedly “ humanitarian ” program has involved the IDF entering territory in Syria that has been dominated by al-Qaeda-affiliated fighters since 2013 in order to evacuate “ rebels ” from Syrian territory and take them into Israel for medical treatment . Upon recovering , the rebels are returned to Syria to continue fighting the Syrian government , attacks which sometimes include assaults on Druze communities that stand in their path .
In an interview that aired on Israeli television in 2015 , one of the wounded Wahhabist fighters being treated in Israel , after vowing to murder Syrian Alawites , was asked : “ What would you do if you captured a Druze ? ” The man responded , “ It depends. ” — an answer that did not sit well with the Druze community .
Israel 's support for al Nusra , the very group that has been attacking the Druze , stands in direct contradiction to the country 's claim to support the religious minority . Indeed , this relationship may be why Hezbollah — after the recent car bombing in Hader — blamed Israel for planning the attack in secret with al-Nusra Front over the course of the past few weeks , although no other sources have yet to confirm Hezbollah 's version of the event .
Despite Israel 's call for immediate mobilization to protect the Druzes , many Druze villages in Syria have been terrorized by al-Nusra jihadists – who consider the Druze to be heretics – for years .
Further complicating matters for Israel , as many as 100,000 Druze live within the Jewish state , and have routinely protested against discrimination from the Israeli government . Druze community leaders have long argued that funds for their villages fall short of those given to Jewish communities , despite their members being conscripted to serve in the IDF . Even within the IDF , charges of discrimination targeting Druze soldiers are common . Given that Israel 's commitment to the Druze living within its borders has been questioned several times over the years , Israel 's commitment to the Druze in Syria seems an unlikely reason for its recent decision to consider occupying Hader .
An agenda lurks behind “ humanitarianism ”
Druze women mourn the death of relatives , Thaer Mahmoud and Nazeah Mahmoud , two brothers who were killed in an Israeli airstrike after the Israeli military claim they were seen carrying a bomb near the border , in the Druze village of Majdal Shams , near the border with Syria , Israeli-controlled Golan Heights , April 27 , 2015 . ( AP/Ariel Schalit )
While humanitarian concerns and Israel 's “ commitment to the Druze population ” are the public justifications given for Israel 's open willingness to occupy Syrian government-held villages , Israel 's role as one of the Syrian conflict 's chief architects illuminates the more likely motivation for Israel 's decision to publicly take a more active role in the conflict .
State Department diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks have shown that in 2006 , five years before the conflict in Syria manifested , the government of Israel had hatched a plan to overthrow the Assad government , a plan that was later passed to the United States and would involve Saudi Arabia , Turkey , Qatar and Egypt in fomenting the “ breakdown ” of the Syrian government . From Israel 's perspective , the removal of the current Syrian government would allow for Israel 's complete dominance of the Golan Heights – along with its oil and gas reserves – as well as decreasing regional resistance to the Yinon plan or “ Greater Israel ” project .
In order to make this plan a reality , Israel has – in addition to covertly supporting Syrian rebels , including known terrorist groups – attacked locations within Syria numerous times , most recently a copper factory in the Homs province . That attack , in particular , led the Syrian government to ask the UN to condemn Israel 's actions and violations of Syrian sovereignty .
Furthermore , Israeli officials have regularly noted that the prospect of Daesh ( ISIS ) conquering the whole of Syria would be preferable to the survival of the Syrian government , suggesting that the Israeli government has few qualms about aiding Wahhabist groups in service to its ultimate goal of Syrian regime change .
Yet , with the Syrian government consolidating control over its territory and regime-change efforts largely believed to have failed , Israel has begun to panic and — as the U.S. , Saudis , Turkey and others seek to distance themselves from the regime-change operation in Syria — is set to take matters into its own hands with potentially disastrous consequences and under “ humanitarian ” pretenses .
As U.K. Admiral Sir Philip Jones , Chief of Naval Staff , stated last year :
the hard punch of military power is often delivered inside the kid glove of humanitarian relief. ” An Israeli occupation of southern Syria would likely be no different .
Source : www.mintpressnews.com
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World .
Famous Five : This series looks at a match or event from the world of football which is making the news and draws comparisons with similar players , matches or events from football history . In the wake of the much-publicised bust-up between Neymar and Edinson Cavani over who should take a penalty , this edition looks at five other famous penalties from football history .
For the Famous Five articles on 0-0 draws , click here .
The extraordinary and extraordinarily spat between Neymar and Edinson Cavani last weekend , when they argued over who should take a vital penalty late on in Paris Saint-Germain 's match against Lyon , has already taken its place among the most famous penalties in football history . These five penalties are famous for very different reasons .
The Johann Cruyff and Jesper Olsen Double Act
Penalties are supposed to be one-man shows , with just one player taking responsibility for the unimpeded shot from the 12-yard spot . However , as he did in so many other areas of football , Johan Cruyff reinvented the way that penalties were taken . He did so in December 1982 , against Helmond Sport , when he was in his second stint with Ajax . Rather than just take the penalty himself , he played a one-two with Jesper Olsen , the young Danish international , before finally and very calmly slotting the return ball into the net .
The Cruyff-Olsen double act has been repeated several times since , most notably by Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez for Barcelona in 2016 , but perhaps the best homage to it was a missed penalty . That was in 2005 when , for once , Arsenal 's Thierry Henry and Robert Pires misplaced their usual telepathy and between them bungled a spot-kick against Manchester City . The fact that even two such gifted players as Henry and Pires , who were usually on the same wavelength , could spectacularly fail to recreate the Cruyff-Olsen original was probably the ultimate proof of the original 's high tariff of difficulty .
Stuart Pearce and Chris Waddle , Italia 1990
Stuart Pearce and Chris Waddle 's own “ double act ” for England in 1990 was rather less successful than that of Cruyff and Olsen eight years earlier . Rather than scoring one memorable penalty between them , Pearce and Waddle both missed spot-kicks as England lost to West Germany at the World Cup in Italy .
Six years later in the quarter-final at Euro 96 , Pearce was able to redeem himself partially when he scored one of the penalties that gave England its only shoot-out victory at a major tournament against Spain . Nevertheless , given that England would go on to lose on penalties again to the reunified Germany in another semi-final , Pearce , like Waddle , remains more associated with missing a penalty than with scoring one .
Andreas Brehme , Italia 1990
It perhaps says everything about the generally low quality of the 1990 World Cup that it was ultimately won by a penalty , and a penalty that is largely forgotten today , at least outside of Germany .
Andreas Brehme 's successful spot-kick in the 85th minute , after Argentina had already been reduced to nine men , was a great moment for West Germany . For the watching billions , however , it seemed emblematic of a mainly defensive and at times downright ugly tournament . England fans in particular , having lost to West Germany in the semi-final just a few days earlier and having been cheated out of another semi-final by Argentina 's Diego Maradona four years before that , could not have been blamed for thinking , “ A curse on both your houses ” .
The 1974 World Cup Final
It is fascinating to consider just how many of the most famous penalties appear to come in pairs , or at least involve two players , including the Cruyff-Olsen double act and the misses by Pearce and Waddle . For what is supposedly the ultimate act of footballing individualism—one attacking player against one goalkeeper—penalties are often associated not with just one attacking player but with two .
The most famous pair of penalties in football history came in the 1974 World Cup final , when both the Netherlands and West Germany were awarded spot-kicks , the first and so far only time that that has happened in the most prestigious game in football . The Netherlands ' penalty came barely a minute into the match , when the sublime Cruyff slalomed his way through an apparently stunned German defence before being brought down by Uli Hoeness . The other great Johan—Neeskens—scored from the spot and it appeared inevitable that the Dutch would go on to claim their first global title .
Of course it was not to be like that . In the 25th minute , they won a penalty of their own , when their left-winger , Bernd Hölzenbein , was fouled in the box . Astonishingly , it was one of West Germany 's youngest players , the full-back Paul Breitner , who took the penalty and scored . Typically , however , Gerd Muller got the winner , just before half-time , as the West Germans punished the Dutch 's inability to convert their chances when they were on top early on and ultimately won their second World Cup and first on home soil .
The Panenka
Famous as they undoubtedly are , the other penalties on this list still require a little introduction , but that is not the case with the most famous penalty of all , “ the Panenka ” . It is named after the man who scored it , Antonin Panenka , when he brilliantly but oh-so-softly chipped Germany 's great Sepp Maier to score the winning penalty in the first ever major international tournament to be decided on penalties .
Indeed , the Panenka is not just the most famous penalty in football history but arguably the single most famous movement or action of any kind in football history . To this day , it remains the only movement or action that is known only by the name of its inventor . Even the fabled “ Cruyff turn ” , against Sweden in the 1974 World Cup finals , is precisely that – a “ turn ” . It is not known as “ the Cruyff ” , whereas “ the Panenka ” is quite simply called that , and rarely requires expansion or further explanation as “ the Panenka penalty ” .
That is also because the Panenka has been repeated many times since , to the point where it is undeniably a viable option for any penalty-taker anywhere . Very recently , Aaron Ramsey repeated it in a World Cup qualifier for Wales against Serbia this summer , although he admitted afterwards that he had been completely unaware that Panenka had scored the original “ Panenka ” in the same stadium more than 40 years before .
Nevertheless , he had continued in the fine penalty-scoring tradition that Antonin Panenka had first established , which is likely to remain part of the game long after the pathetic squabble between Neymar and Cavani is consigned to history .
Main Photo
Embed from Getty Images
Corvette joyride through Pearland lands Florida mans in jail
Ronald Francis Kelly , 44 , of Florida , was charged with unauthorized use of a vehicle after allegedly taking a joy ride in a Corvette he was transporting . Ronald Francis Kelly , 44 , of Florida , was charged with unauthorized use of a vehicle after allegedly taking a joy ride in a Corvette he was transporting . Photo : Pearland Police Department Photo : Pearland Police Department Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Corvette joyride through Pearland lands Florida mans in jail 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A Florida trucker who allegedly took a joyride in a Corvette he was transporting through Texas is spending his 44th birthday in the Brazoria County jail .
Ronald Francis Kelly , of Seabring Fla. , was arrested Jan. 2 in Pearland and remained in jail Tuesday on a charge of unauthorized use of a vehicle . His bond was set at $ 20,000 .
Pearland police said Kelly was a driver for an auto transport company , taking vehicles from Arizona to Florida .
He had a two-day layover in the Houston area to wait for more cars from an auction . While waiting , Kelly parked his truck at a Walmart store in west Pearland and took a 2011 Corvette off the trailer , according to a news release from the Pearland Police Department .
After climbing behind the wheel of the pricey sports car , Kelly allegedly picked up his girlfriend and took her to dinner , police said .
On their way to the La Quinta Inn on West Broadway , the couple were stopped because of a problem with the vehicle 's registration , the news release said .
Kelly told police he was authorized to drive the Corvette , but officers called the owners of the car and the transport company , both of whom said Kelly had permission to operate the cars only to load and unload them .
The Corvette 's owner was adamant about filing charges , the news release said .
Kelly was arrested , while his girlfriend was released , the release said .
Education for Death : The Making of the Nazi is an animated propaganda short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released on January 15 , 1943 , by RKO Radio Pictures , directed by Clyde Geronimi and principally animated by Ward Kimball . The short is based on the non-fiction book of the same name [ 2 ] by American author Gregor Ziemer . The film features the story of Hans , a boy born and raised in Nazi Germany , his indoctrination in the Hitlerjugend , and his eventual march to war .
Plot [ edit ]
Education for Death .
At the beginning of the film , a German couple proves to a Nazi supreme judge that they are of pure Aryan blood and agree to give their son , whom they name Hans at the judge 's approval , [ 3 ] into the service of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party . They are given a copy of Mein Kampf by the judge as a reward for their service to Hitler ; their passport contains spaces for 12 more children ( a hint that the couple is expected to produce a large family for the Fatherland ) .
This is followed by the only extended comical section of the cartoon , the tone of which is very light compared to the rest of the film . The audience is told that as Hans grows up , he hears a distorted version of Ring of the Nibelung depicting Hitler as the Siegfried character rescuing Brunhilde , an obese Valkyrie representing Germany , from a wicked witch representing democracy . ( The narrator sarcastically comments that `` the moral of this story seems to be that Hitler got Germany on her feet , climbed onto the saddle , and took her for a ride . '' ) Thanks to this kind of distorted children 's story , Hans becomes fascinated with Hitler as he and the rest of the younger members of the Hitler Youth give the Hitler salute to a portrait of Hitler dressed as a knight .
In the following segment , the audience sees Hans sick and bedridden . His mother prays for him , knowing it will only be a matter of time before the authorities come and take him away to serve Hitler . A Nazi officer bangs on the door to take Hans away , but his mother says he is sick and needs care . The officer orders her to heal her son quickly and have him ready to leave , implying if Hans does not get well , he will be euthanized . He orders her not to do anything more to him that will cause him to lose heart and be weak , explaining that a soldier must show no emotion , mercy , or feelings whatsoever .
Hans eventually recovers and resumes his `` education '' in a school classroom , where Hans and the rest of his classmates , all in Hitlerjugend uniforms , give the Hitler salute to portraits of Hitler , Hermann Göring , and Joseph Goebbels . They then watch as the teacher draws a cartoon on the blackboard of a rabbit being eaten by a fox , prompting Hans to feel sorry for the rabbit . The teacher , furious over the remark , orders Hans to sit in the corner wearing a dunce cap . As Hans sits in the corner , he hears the rest of the classmates `` correctly '' interpret the cartoon as `` weakness has no place in a soldier '' and `` the strong shall rule the weak '' . This causes Hans to recant his remark and agree that the weak must be destroyed .
Hans then takes part in a book-burning crusade , burning any books with ideas opposed to Hitler 's ( Albert Einstein , Baruch Spinoza , and Voltaire ) , replacing the Bible with Mein Kampf and the crucifix with a Nazi sword , and burning a Catholic church . Hans then spends the next several years `` Marching and heiling , heiling and marching ! '' . He reaches his teens ( wearing a uniform similar to that of the Sturmabteilung ) still `` marching and heiling '' until he becomes an adult or `` Good Nazi '' ( now in Wehrmacht uniform ) embroiled in hatred towards anyone else who opposes Hitler . With `` no seed of laughter , hope , tolerance , or mercy '' planted in him , he `` sees no more than the party wants him to [ see ] , says nothing but what the party wants him to say , and he does nothing but what the party wants him to do . ''
In the end , Hans and the rest of the German soldiers march off to war only to fade into rows of identical graves , with nothing on them except a swastika and a helmet perched on top . Thus Hans 's education is complete – `` his education ... for death . ''
Production [ edit ]
Education for Death : The Making of the Nazi was released when Disney was under government contract to produce 32 animated shorts from 1941 to 1945 . In 1940 , Walt Disney spent four times his budget on the feature film Fantasia ( 1940 ) which suffered from low box office turnout . Nearing bankruptcy and with half of his employees on strike , Walt Disney was forced to look for a solution to bring money into the studio . The studio 's close proximity to the military aircraft manufacturer , Lockheed , helped foster a U.S. government contract for 32 short propaganda films at $ 4,500 each . This saved the company from bankruptcy and allowed them to keep their employees on payroll . [ 4 ]
The dialogue of the characters is in German , neither subtitled nor directly translated by Art Smith 's lone English language narration . A voice track of Adolf Hitler in full demagogic rant is used in a torchlight rally scene . A sequence follows in which Hans becomes a German soldier along with other Hitler Youth .
Intended as anti-Nazi propaganda during World War II , the film is rarely shown today , but it is featured on the DVD Walt Disney Treasures : On the Front Lines , a compilation of Disney 's wartime shorts released on May 18 , 2004 .
Relationship to the Ziemer book [ edit ]
Gregor Ziemer , an American author and educator who lived in Germany from 1928 to 1939 , wrote the book Education for Death after fleeing Germany on the eve of World War II . The book highlights what was going on in the Nazi schooling of the German youth .
The narrative story focuses around a group of youth that under the guidance of a Nazi storm trooper , Franzen , take a hiking trip into the woods . As night falls , Franzen `` lectures the troop on their duty to preserve the purity of the human race , and proposes they symbolize this task with a solemn ritual to 'impress on us all that fire and destruction will be the end of those who do not think as we do . ' '' Franzen then hands out six books : the Talmud , the Koran , the works of Shakespeare , the Treaty of Versailles , a biography of Joseph Stalin , and the Bible . The books are passed around the circle and each boy spits on the books , hands them back to Franzen who douses them with kerosene and lights them on fire . The troop then sings the `` Deutschlandlied '' ( `` Deutschland , Deutschland über alles '' ) and the Horst Wessel anthem around the fire .
The book inspired two different adaptations ; Education for Death and Hitler 's Children . The former took Ziemer 's conclusions very seriously , as it showed the education of Hans from an innocent , kind youth into a chained and muzzled Nazi drone . The scene of the storm trooper and the hiking trip is transplanted to a classroom where the teacher instructs the students about nature 's laws about the strong fox having the right to kill the weak rabbit . When Hans does not agree with the teacher , he is punished until he falls in line . The scene involving the book burning is part of the ending compilation of Nazi transformation and destruction . It shows a torch-bearing crowd setting fire to a pile of books of John Milton , Baruch Spinoza , Albert Einstein , Voltaire , and Thomas Mann . It then shows a burning of Felix Mendelssohn 's wedding march , an allusion to the Nazi race laws , and the burning of a pile of art . [ 5 ]
See also [ edit ]
I am generally reluctant to wade into the interminable internecine Democratic Party battles . My focus at the moment is on trying to document the atrocities of President Donald Trump and there are only so many hours in the day . There are legions of armchair strategists out there willing to fight and argue over it , so I doubt my two cents are needed in any case . My feeling right now is the same as it always is — that we should elect more progressives to office wherever possible . Trying to game out the future with any precision at the moment seems like a fool 's errand under this erratic , unstable , volatile administration .
Nonetheless I must admit that I find myself chafing at the constant drumbeat that I must be willing to `` reach out '' to Trump voters and summon up empathy for their plight . This New York Times article , which has been passed all over social media and commented upon by virtually every liberal pundit in the country , is just the latest in the genre . An intrepid reporter journeys deep into the heart of Trumpland and finds out that its denizens are just all-American folks who are fit to be tied that they 're being tarred as bigots , and it 's just not fair . The upshot of this particular article was that anti-Trump protesters were pushing these fundamentally decent people away with their resistance and that they really need to cool it if they expect to win over these voters at the polls .
Advertisement :
I have no doubt that many Trump voters have good qualities and in their average daily interactions with people they are probably as polite and decent as can be . But their politics are , I 'm sorry to say , deplorable . I can not find it in myself to go out of my way to try to feel much sympathy for people who do n't think the following is out of bounds :
I 'm going to go out on a limb and guess that unless feminists are ironing his shirt or making him some cookies , he 's not all that interested in anything they have to say , so trying to `` reach '' him is going to be a waste of breath . The same goes for the people surrounding him who clearly thought that was just fine and passed this vulgar misogyny on to their kids :
I suspect that most Latinos , African-Americans and American Muslims also feel their `` outreach '' might not be welcome . Moreover , people whose lives are being directly affected by the horrific policies for which these Trump voters cheered and clapped during the campaign should really not be asked to do it . It 's insulting and cruel , not to mention downright dangerous in some cases . If members of the Democratic coalition must show empathy toward these voters and try to persuade them that they have made the wrong choice , it probably should be done by members of the one group that does n't seem to offend these folks : white males . Luckily , there are a lot of them out there who can take on this task .
But all of these raises the fundamental question of whether it 's even necessary . Obviously , the Democrats have fallen short and need to do something to start winning majorities in the Congress and the presidency . There have been thousands of articles and posts written about whether they should try to boost the turnout of the party 's base , appeal to nonvoters , approach moderate Republicans or attempt to convert Trump voters . Many in the press seem obsessed with the last activity and pay little attention to the other approaches .
A piece by Paul Waldman in The American Prospect made a persuasive argument as to why Democrats should n't bother with Trump voters , at least not yet . He described various types of Republicans such as the major Trump fans who wear those awful T-shirts , the party regulars who figured Trump would at least give them a conservative Supreme Court and cut their taxes and the `` what the hell '' voters who just took a flyer on disruption and change . He said if Democrats are going to reach out to Trump voters , those in the last group are the most likely to be amenable to outreach .
But Waldman explained that trying to appeal to any of those people is the last thing Democrats should do if they are seeking to create a wave election in 2018 :
Advertisement :
Right now , the Democrats ' constituents are feeling horrified , terrified , and generally pissed off . Which is just what produces the kind of midterm election they need . That 's because midterm elections are all about enthusiasm — which almost always means anger . It 's the reason the president 's party usually loses seats in midterm elections : because the people who are angry enough to increase their turnout are the ones who dislike the president . Turnout in recent midterms has been in the 30s , meaning that nearly two-thirds of voters decide to stay home when there 's no presidential race . So it 's all a question of which voters get to the polls . That 's why right now , if Democrats want to win in 2018 , they need to highlight the things that will get their own voters as worked up about Trump as possible : his scary appointees , his retrograde executive actions , his constant lies , his self-dealing and corruption , and the tremendous damage he and Republicans in Congress are preparing to do . In other words , Democrats need to be as partisan as possible , and forget about `` reaching out . ''
He suggested that after the midterms will be the time to look to those `` change '' voters because by then Trump will have shown that he does n't have the magical powers necessary to turn back the clock to before the 1960s , and a few of them might decide they want to try `` change '' again or will just stay home .
One of the most difficult aspects of dealing with someone like Trump is that he 's so personally and politically erratic it 's hard to know how to plan the opposition in advance . But it is safe to say he wo n't be able to deliver on most of his promises — and what he will deliver is unlikely to be popular with anyone other than his diehard fans .
In the meantime , the most important order of business is to do everything necessary to take back the Congress in 2018 and stop him from doing his worst . Trying to appease Trump voters is exactly the wrong strategy . It only threatens to throw cold water on all the building energy that will get Democrats , independents and anyone else who is appalled by this presidency out to the polls .
Two suspected cattle thieves were lynched by a mob in Assam 's Nagaon district on Sunday , the police told PTI . A complaint was filed by the parents of the deceased and an investigation is under way .
The incident happened in the afternoon in a village called Kasamari in the district . The deceased have been identified as Abu Hanifa and Riazuddin Ali . According to Nagaon police chief Debaraj Upadhyaya , the two deceased were spotted by some people from the village to be “ unlawfully lifting cattle ” from a grazing field close to the village .
“ Whoever saw them raised an alarm , ” Upadhyaya told Scroll.in . As a result , “ thousands of people ” from the village arrived at the spot and started assaulting Hanifa and Ali , who were trying to flee the spot , said the cop . By the time the police arrived , the two were grievously injured , and finally succumbed to their injuries in the hospital .
An FIR has been lodged under Section 302 , which pertains to murder , of the Indian Penal Code . No arrests have been made yet . “ We are approaching with caution since this is a sensitive issue , ” said Upadhyaya .
Independent Journal Review/Haley Byrd
Senate Republicans are frustrated with their closed health care process , yet still are n't planning to do anything about it before a potential vote on the GOP health bill next week .
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) is negotiating the details of his chamber 's version of a health care bill behind closed doors leading up to a swift tentative vote next week , leaving most of his GOP colleagues in the dark on the bill 's details .
“ It has become increasingly apparent over the past few days that even though we thought we were going to be in charge of writing this bill within this working group , it 's not being written by us , ” Sen. Mike Lee ( R-Utah ) said in a video Tuesday . “ So , if you 're frustrated by the lack of transparency in this process , I share your frustration wholeheartedly . ”
But Lee added he would be willing to vote on a bill with short notice as long as he 's seen the text .
Wanted : ‘ Open Process '
Many Republican senators have been quick to denounce the party 's secretive process . They 're not as quick to do something about it , even though just two or three members could drastically alter McConnell 's approach by withholding their support until the process was made more open .
“ I 've always said I would have preferred a more open process , ” Sen. Bill Cassidy ( R-La . ) told reporters Tuesday morning .
A reporter asked Cassidy why , if he 's not comfortable with the process for the health care bill , would n't he refuse to support a bill until hearings are held ? Cassidy 's response sounded like it came straight from a saying on an embroidered pillow .
“ In life , if you only wait for that which is exactly what you wish to have , you end up living on an island by yourself , ” Cassidy said . He continued :
“ The Democrats keep complaining about , ‘ Oh my gosh , it 's not an open process . ' If two or three Democrats walked into Mitch McConnell 's room and said , ‘ You have our vote for this , ' it would have incredible impact . But if just wait and say , ‘ Oh we want an open process , ' then you never get that . At some point you 've got to play with the cards dealt to you . And that 's true of almost everything in life . ”
In fact , Republicans have done exactly what they attacked Democrats for doing in 2010 : using what they argued was a closed , secretive process for their health care bill .
The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations — Senator John Cornyn ( @ JohnCornyn ) January 7 , 2010
It 's simply wrong for legislation that 'll affect 100 % of the American people to be negotiated behind closed doors – http : //ow.ly/W9gq # hcr — Governor Mike Pence ( @ GovPenceIN ) January 13 , 2010
McConnell even denounced the Democratic strategy to push the Affordable Care Act through Congress via a budgetary measure known as reconciliation at the time , describing it as “ last-ditch legislative sleight-of-hand . ”
Today , McConnell and the rest of the GOP have embraced that tactic , and have taken it to another , more partisan level .
Today vs. 2010
Leading up to the Obamacare vote in 2010 , the Senate Finance Committee held more than 50 hearings and meetings on the subject of health care legislation . The Senate 's Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee held a similar number of hearings and meetings .
GOP lawmakers have n't held a single committee hearing on their bill , and they do n't intend to hold any before next week 's vote .
And through their secretive approach , Republicans are giving themselves enough cover to say they know what 's going on with the bill without taking many public positions on details of the unpopular legislative push .
“ I 've been in the past six or seven meetings , so I have a pretty strong sense of where this is going , ” Sen. Bob Corker ( R-Tenn ) said in a press scrum Tuesday morning .
When a reporter asked if the bill seemed like something he could support , Corker did n't give an answer . “ Again , I have n't seen the text . ”
Sen. Rand Paul ( R-Ky. ) , who staged an elaborate search for the House version of a GOP health care bill in March , also complained about the lack of transparency from Republican leadership in the Senate .
Paul conceded Tuesday that it might be time to bring out his copying machine in an attempt to liberate the secret legislation again .
If he can wait a few more days , that wo n't be necessary . McConnell said in a press conference that the health care bill text would be available Thursday , leaving about a week to review the legislation before a tentative vote .
But there wo n't be many answers to the big questions of the GOP health care debate until the GOP health care debate is over .
“ None of it 's done until it 's all done , ” Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn ( R-Texas ) told reporters after a health care meeting Tuesday . “ There are a lot of moving parts . ”
Here is a crazy fact : Shane Long is 30 years old . Thirty ! Where did the time go ? It seems like it was only yesterday that the forward from Tipperary burst on to the scene . Long has been linked with big money moves over the years to Liverpool and Arsenal but nothing ever materialized . Now he finds himself stuck on the Southampton bench most weeks . That 's why we 're hoping to see Shane Long transfer news in the coming weeks .
An underwhelming season
Long has made 32 league appearances this season , which actually appears quite impressive . However , 22 of those came from the bench . In fact , the Irish striker has only managed a total of 1,249 minutes of league football . For a player meant to be in his prime , Long is being criminally underused . During these 32 appearances , he managed a total of 3 goals and 1 assist . No goals were scored in 5 Europa League games , when he actually started 4 times . This season has been a disaster .
Time to move
When Southampton decided to buy Manolo Gabbiadini in the January transfer window , the writing was on the wall for Long . The defensive minded coach , Claude Puel , sets the team up like a true Ligue 1 coach . Not conceding is the priority . While Southampton clinched a respectable eight position , they finished with a relatively meager total of 46 points and only scored 41 goals all season . The Saints usually only play one up front which means the Gabbiadini , Charlie Austin , and Jay Rodriguez are all competing with Long for a starting spot .
Game time
Long also has n't scored in 4 Irish matches this campaign . We 're not exactly blessed in the attacking department so Long 's willingness to chase down defenders and give everything in a green shirt means that he is still our best option . However , he is a player that needs to be playing every week . Long has now entered his thirties so needs to think very carefully about his next move .
Shane Long transfer : possible destinations
Three years in Southampton has n't done Long 's C.V any favours . In his first campaign , he scored 5 league goals and this improved to 10 in the following year . While Long has never been a prolific goal scorer , it does seem that Southampton are n't getting the best out of him . Where could the man , who brought Germany to their knees , go next ?
In terms of the Premier League , Brighton or Newcastle could be possible destinations . Both play attacking football while Long should be able to command a starting position at either side . Other clubs of interest in the top flight could be West Ham and even Swansea . The latter is likely to lose Llorente this summer and Long could fit their style of play .
Shane Long transfer : Options abroad
Dropping down to the Championship should not be considered . Celtic ? 20+ goals would be nearly guaranteed but it comes with the price of playing in a football graveyard . A technically gifted side like Bilboa or Sociedad could fit the bill , while it would be wonderful to see an Irish player try out the helter-skelter Bundesliga . No matter what option Long chooses , it 's clear that it 's time for him to seek pastures new .
What are your thoughts ? Is the time right for Shane Long to find a new club ?
The French election , of unprecedented interest , hazard and potential for violence , has been largely about who is to blame . Blame for what , exactly ? For the country 's chronic malaise . But is it the fault of the bankers , the bosses , the bureaucracy , or the immigrants ?
Quite often the British press gives the impression that France is in some kind of deplorable condition that we must at all costs avoid , a hybrid , perhaps , of economic Guinea-Bissau and ideological North Korea . In part , this is because the French themselves so strongly lament the state of their country ; I have a whole shelf of books ( by no means exhaustive ) in which French authors predict its imminent collapse .
Like any nation at any time in history , France has its problems . Its frightful battery farms of resentment , trafficking and delinquency are , in atmosphere if not physically , worse than anything in England ; its vaunted educational system has deteriorated thanks to the belated adoption of gimcrack theories . France 's modern architects and architecture are among the worst in the world , all the more painfully so after their nation 's immemorial achievements in this field . After 1,000 years of successful practice , the French now can not build a decent house .
Among small businessmen there is much anger at the labour laws , social charges , regulations and legal bias against them that inhibit their efforts at expansion , and seem to reward idleness . Only three weeks ago , two small businessmen — one a forester in the depths of la France profonde , the other a Parisian taxi driver of Vietnamese origin — complained to me that , after 40 years of work and paying taxes , their pensions would be no larger than those who had never worked in their lives . ( The taxi driver said that if , in the second round of the election , it came to a choice between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen , he would vote Le Pen . ) I did not ask them how many people they knew of pensionable age who had never worked ; but certainly I know people in France who regard a two-year sabbatical on unemployment benefits as their right rather than as a shameful act of exploitation .
This is far from the whole story . France , after all , is still the most visited country in the world — it has more annual visitors than inhabitants — and with good reason . No one who visits France can fail to observe how well administered it is . This is the good aspect of what most Anglo-Saxons would regard as an undesirable and even noxious cultural trait : that so many intelligent young people want to work for the government .
Its roads , for example , are among the best-maintained in the world , if not the best . Its public transport systems , not only in Paris , are likewise incomparable . France is clean , certainly by comparison with Britain ; driving recently near Toulouse , I noticed that there was less litter in 100 miles than in 100 yards going out of my small ( and beautiful ) English market town . Whatever the explanation — the French not dropping litter in the first place or their councils being more assiduous in picking it up , or some combination of the two — it is to France 's advantage .
Curiously enough for a country reputedly so statist , there are wonderful markets every-where , usually with local produce . A comparison of the way books are sold in France is also instructive . France has maintained retail price maintenance on books , with the seemingly paradoxical effect that effective choice is much greater than in Britain , though the number of books published ( a mere 80,000 a year , enough for me ) is much smaller .
Every small town in France has at least one independent bookshop that sells real books , including the French classics . The only bookseller in my small town , W.H . Smith , sells mainly books by celebrities or about celebrities , or both , often discounted , and tales of childhood sexual abuse . There are no books about celebrities or sexual abuse in the two bookshops in the small town near my French home , which is of the same size as my English town . One can not attribute the much higher cultural level in France to bookshops alone , but at the least they help to maintain it . I can buy Pascal locally in France , but I can not buy Shakespeare locally in England .
Bookshops do not an economy make , of course ; but the efficiency and intelligence of French work is evident , even in small things . The way the roadside drains are cleared every year in my very isolated part of the country is a joy to behold . The work is done not only quickly , but beautifully , as if the men doing it think it the most important thing in the world .
The attention to detail in shops is another painful contrast with Britain ( for a Briton , that is ) . A florist in France gives the impression of being a specialist in flowers , not of someone who sells flowers faute de mieux or merely as a sideline . He or she wraps the blooms with an aesthetic consideration for the flowers themselves , with matching coloured tissue , for example . This raises the price , no doubt , but also the quality ; and this constant concentration on detail raises the level of the florist 's , or his employee 's , practical intelligence . This is also true of the sale of fruit , fish , meat , cheese , bread , pâtisserie , etc . And all this adds to the enjoyment of life , though like any virtue it can go too far and become mere pettiness .
The rigidity of the labour market leads to higher unemployment , no doubt , but it is possible that it has some benefits : the difficulty of getting rid of an employee once he has been employed gives the employer an incentive to train him to be more efficient . And the French are more efficient : far fewer of them working far fewer hours produce at least as much as the British . The macro-economic figures of France are not altogether encouraging , but they seem to me no worse , on the whole , than Britain 's .
The French , like us all , have their vices . They are the most abominable hypocrites , though on a different subject to us . We are hypocrites about sex ; they about money . They talk equality and exude avarice and envy . Their snobbery is as bad as ours . Although they pride themselves on Cartesian spirit , they strike me as not being very good at abstract , as against practical , thought . They take themselves seriously , and while we are deemed to be highly insular , we have no equivalent of the dispute or intellectual debate that is purely franco-français .
The French take more tranquillisers and antidepressants than anyone else ( they have deserted their love of the suppository ) . But given man 's ability to make a hell of heaven and a heaven of hell , we should not exaggerate their woes , the better to avoid confronting our own .
They act like this is a shock . It really should n't be .
Quote :
Democrats face serious obstacles as they look to the November elections , with President Obama 's approval rating at a new low and a majority of voters saying they prefer a Congress in Republican hands to check the president 's agenda , according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll . Obama 's approval rating fell to 41 percent , down from 46 percent through the first three months of the year and the lowest of his presidency in Post-ABC News polls . Just 42 percent approve of his handling of the economy , 37 percent approve of how he is handling the implementation of the Affordable Care Act and 34 percent approve of his handling of the situation involving Ukraine and Russia . Obama 's low rating could be a significant drag on Democratic candidates this fall — past elections suggest that when approval ratings are as low as Obama 's , the president 's party is almost certain to suffer at the ballot box in November . via Post-ABC News poll shows Democrats at risk in November as Obama 's approval rating falls – The Washington Post .
Another thing too is this :
The Affordable Care Act is expected to be a major issue in the midterm elections . Obama recently urged Democrats to defend the law energetically , particularly after the administration announced that 8 million people signed up for it during the initial enrollment period . Republicans are confident that opposition to the new law will energize their supporters . The Post-ABC poll found that 44 percent say they support the law while 48 percent say they oppose it , which is about where it was at the end of last year and in January . Half of all Americans also say they think implementation is worse than expected . Last month , a Post-ABC poll found 49 percent of Americans saying they supported the new law compared with 48 percent who opposed it . That finding was more positive for the administration than most other polls at the time . Democrats saw it as a possible leading indicator of a shift in public opinion , but that has not materialized .
I hate to break it to the Washington Post ; but it has materialized and in a big way . Many people have been tossed off their insurance plans and the ones that they ended up getting through Obamacare are costing them more money . Most of these people are not what people would call wealthy ; these are working class people who struggle to pay their bills , like everyone else . These people were directly told , by the President that they could keep their plans and that their healthcare costs would go down . This was a direct lie and the President knew it from the beginning . This is why his approval ratings are down from what they were .
Not only that , but the President 's leadership , when it comes to foreign policy ; has been utterly piss poor . The man is leading from behind and that simply does not impress the majority of Americans . When confronted about this , the best thing that this President can do is either blame or talk about President Bush 's foreign policy . It 's been a long time since Bush was in office ; and I think the American people are actually expecting a bit more than blame shifting , and subject shifting , when it comes to the President .
I think it goes without saying , that the Democrats chickens are coming home to roost .
Others from both sides of the aisle : The New Republic , Firedoglake , Pew Research Center … , The Moderate Voice , No More Mister Nice Blog , NewsBusters , Real Clear Politics , Outside the Beltway , Independent Journal Review , Politico , Power Line , Mediaite , Daily Kos , The Daily Caller , Business Insider , CNN , The Other McCain , Hot Air , ABC News , Washington Examiner , Washington Free Beacon , The Lonely Conservative , The PJ Tatler , Patterico 's Pontifications and NationalJournal.com – More here
Propellor was recently ported to FreeBSD , by Evan Cofsky . This new feature led me down a two week long rabbit hole to make it type safe . In particular , Propellor needed to be taught that some properties work on Debian , others on FreeBSD , and others on both .
The user should n't need to worry about making a mistake like this ; the type checker should tell them they 're asking for something that ca n't fly .
-- Is this a Debian or a FreeBSD host ? I ca n't remember , let 's use both package managers ! host `` example.com '' $ props & aptUpgraded & pkgUpgraded
As of propellor 3.0.0 ( in git now ; to be released soon ) , the type checker will catch such mistakes .
Also , it 's really easy to combine two OS-specific properties into a property that supports both OS 's :
upgraded = aptUpgraded ` pickOS ` pkgUpgraded
type level lists and functions
The magick making this work is type-level lists . A property has a metatypes list as part of its type . ( So called because it 's additional types describing the type , and I could n't find a better name . ) This list can contain one or more OS 's targeted by the property :
aptUpgraded : : Property ( MetaTypes ' [ ' Targeting ' OSDebian , ' Targeting ' OSBuntish ] ) pkgUpgraded : : Property ( MetaTypes ' [ ' Targeting ' OSFreeBSD ] )
In Haskell type-level lists and other DataKinds are indicated by the ' if you have not seen that before . There are some convenience aliases and type operators , which let the same types be expressed more cleanly :
aptUpgraded : : Property ( Debian + Buntish ) pkgUpgraded : : Property FreeBSD
Whenever two properties are combined , their metatypes are combined using a type-level function . Combining aptUpgraded and pkgUpgraded will yield a metatypes that targets no OS 's , since they have none in common . So will fail to type check .
My implementation of the metatypes lists is hundreds of lines of code , consisting entirely of types and type families . It includes a basic implementation of singletons , and is portable back to ghc 7.6 to support Debian stable . While it takes some contortions to support such an old version of ghc , it 's pretty awesome that the ghc in Debian stable supports this stuff .
extending beyond targeted OS 's
Before this change , Propellor 's Property type had already been slightly refined , tagging them with HasInfo or NoInfo , as described in making propellor safer with GADTs and type families . I needed to keep that HasInfo in the type of properties .
But , it seemed unnecessary verbose to have types like Property NoInfo Debian . Especially if I want to add even more information to Property types later . Property NoInfo Debian NoPortsOpen would be a real mouthful to need to write for every property .
Luckily I now have this handy type-level list . So , I can shove more types into it , so Property ( HasInfo + Debian ) is used where necessary , and Property Debian can be used everywhere else .
Since I can add more types to the type-level list , without affecting other properties , I expect to be able to implement type-level port conflict detection next . Should be fairly easy to do without changing the API except for properties that use ports .
singletons
As shown here , pickOS makes a property that decides which of two properties to use based on the host 's OS .
aptUpgraded : : Property DebianLike aptUpgraded = property `` apt upgraded '' ( apt `` upgrade '' ` requires ` apt `` update '' ) pkgUpgraded : : Property FreeBSD pkgUpgraded = property `` pkg upgraded '' ( pkg `` upgrade '' ) upgraded : : Property UnixLike upgraded = ( aptUpgraded ` pickOS ` pkgUpgraded ) ` describe ` `` OS upgraded ''
Any number of OS 's can be chained this way , to build a property that is super-portable out of simple little non-portable properties . This is a sweet combinator !
Singletons are types that are inhabited by a single value . This lets the value be inferred from the type , which came in handy in building the pickOS property combinator .
Its implementation needs to be able to look at each of the properties at runtime , to compare the OS 's they target with the actial OS of the host . That 's done by stashing a target list value inside a property . The target list value is inferred from the type of the property , thanks to singletons , and so does not need to be passed in to property . That saves keyboard time and avoids mistakes .
is it worth it ?
It 's important to consider whether more complicated types are a net benefit . Of course , opinions vary widely on that question in general ! But let 's consider it in light of my main goals for Propellor :
Help save the user from pushing a broken configuration to their machines at a time when they 're down in the trenches dealing with some urgent problem at 3 am . Advance the state of the art in configuration management by taking advantage of the state of the art in strongly typed haskell .
This change definitely meets both criteria . But there is a tradeoff ; it got a little bit harder to write new propellor properties . Not only do new properties need to have their type set to target appropriate systems , but the more polymorphic code is , the more likely the type checker ca n't figure out all the types without some help .
A simple example of this problem is as follows .
foo : : Property UnixLike foo = p ` requires ` bar where p = property `` foo '' $ do ...
The type checker will complain that `` The type variable ‘ metatypes1 ' is ambiguous '' . Problem is that it ca n't infer the type of p because many different types could be combined with the bar property and all would yield a Property UnixLike . The solution is simply to add a type signature like p : : Property UnixLike
Since this only affects creating new properties , and not combining existing properties ( which have known types ) , it seems like a reasonable tradeoff .
things to improve later
There are a few warts that I 'm willing to live with for now ...
Currently , Property ( HasInfo + Debian ) is different than Property ( Debian + HasInfo ) , but they should really be considered to be the same type . That is , I need type-level sets , not lists . While there 's a type level sets library for hackage , it still seems to require a specific order of the set items when writing down a type signature .
Also , using ensureProperty , which runs one property inside the action of another property , got complicated by the need to pass it a type witness .
foo = Property Debian foo = property ' $ \ witness - > do ensureProperty witness ( aptInstall `` foo '' )
That witness is used to type check that the inner property targets every OS that the outer property targets . I think it might be possible to store the witness in the monad , and have ensureProperty read it , but it might complicate the type of the monad too much , since it would have to be parameterized on the type of the witness .
Oh no , I mentioned monads . While type level lists and type functions and generally bending the type checker to my will is all well and good , I know most readers stop reading at `` monad '' . So , I 'll stop writing . ; )
thanks
Thanks to David Miani who answered my first tentative question with a big hunk of example code that got me on the right track .
Also to many other people who answered increasingly esoteric Haskell type system questions .
Also thanks to the Shuttleworth foundation , which funded this work by way of a Flash Grant .
My friend Tara 's little brother 's birthday was on Wednesday , and she commissioned me to do a Boba Fett drawing for a gift . The results :
real Star Wars fans will hate it ! '' That 's what I 'm saying in my head as debate the placement of the little pouches hanging around Boba Fett 's belt . Probably one of the skinnier Fetts around . I love drawing Star Wars stuff because it gives me an excuse to put Star Wars in the DVD player and I can call it research . It also gets me thinking total geek thoughts , like which Boba Fett costume is more authentic , the one from Empire or the one from Jedi ? The differences are slight , but I 'm sure people ( people more devoted than me ) will notice . Is it okay to mix and match ? `` Oh , all theStar Wars fans will hate it ! '' That 's what I 'm saying in my head as debate the placement of the little pouches hanging around Boba Fett 's belt .
And here are a few small drawings drawn in my downtime .
And this comic is awesome .
And these drawings are awesome .
And this dancing is awesome .
We are sorry , you need to be a subscriber to watch this video
We are sorry , you need to be a subscriber to watch this video
The Labour peer who blamed his jail term for dangerous driving on a Jewish conspiracy was facing expulsion from the party last night after senior figures reacted with horror to his comments .
Ed Miliband led the criticism of Lord Ahmed , who was suspended by Labour after his views were revealed by The Times yesterday .
Lord Ahmed claimed that influential Jews put pressure on the courts in response to his support for Palestinians in Gaza , comments that the Labour leader described as disgraceful .
Mr Miliband suggested that there would be no way back for the Muslim peer . “ There 's no place for anti-Semitism in the Labour Party , and frankly anybody who makes those kinds of comments can not be either a Labour lord or a Labour Member of…
Yes , we 're back , this time with a video of Serina Wee .
If ever there was a way to walk up to SubCourt for your court appearance , well , this is it .
City Harvest 's former finance manager once again got the media falling over themselves on Friday morning , looking prim and proper in a white-with-black-trim ensemble .
As she spots the media scrum waiting to visually assault her with their cameras and videos , she composes herself , takes a deep breath and a last-minute check everything looks okay before strutting down the `` runway '' .
Confident , composed , she is nary breaks a stride as she enters the building .
An excited reporter who first spots her can even be overheard saying in a mixture of dialect and Mandarin , `` Wah hiong hiong… wah suka . White white ... She check herself first…scared later not pretty ” .
And that my friends , is the 101 , on how to walk up to Court .
We do a lot of videos on InRange involving not just historical firearms but a lot of historical gear and accessories as well . There 's a difference between reenacting and historical competitive shooting , and we have different goals than that of an actual reenactor . Reenacting is a very valuable asset for the preservation of history , having people around that know the intricacies required to do that properly means we wo n't necessarily loose that experience or knowledge .
However , we believe that same knowledge is important to shooting and we blend those worlds together to garner a better understanding of the realities of using these guns and gear `` under stress '' at competitions . Since this is n't exactly reenacting , and it 's not exactly competitive against modern gear , it confuses some folks - this video intends to clarify the goals and intentions of what we 're doing .
https : //www.patreon.com/InRangeTV ? ty=h
A Democratic state lawmaker has introduced a plan in the Legislature that would fully legalize marijuana in Wisconsin .
Rep. Melissa Sargent , D-Madison , said she introduced her plan in part because of Colorado 's experience with legalization and because of what she sees as a turning of tides on the issue nationally . Sargent said people who worry about marijuana should consider how the law treats other drugs .
“ Ultimately , it 's legal in Wisconsin to drink alcohol and it 's legal in Wisconsin to smoke cigarettes , and overall , when you look at the health effects of those two drugs in comparison to marijuana , it 's minimal , ” said Sargent .
Sargent 's bill would let Wisconsin residents who are 21 and older to carry up to a half-ounce of marijuana . Non-residents could carry up to a quarter-ounce . It would n't let people smoke on the street , but they could smoke in their homes .
Sargent 's bill would legalize marijuana for both medicinal and recreational purposes .
“ I just assume that we are able to be honest , that we let adults make the choices that adults are going to make , and know that ultimately there may be someone that 's going to try it because they were afraid to try it before when it was illegal , but it 's not going to change the consumption levels , ” said Sargent .
Sargent 's proposal is unlikely to pass the Republican-controlled Legislature , although at this point it really has n't even been discussed . Even Sargent 's fellow Democrats have been leery about weighing in on the issue .
In past legislative sessions , some Republicans vigorously fought an effort to legalize marijuana for medicinal purposes only , arguing it would be a gateway to full legalization . The Wisconsin Medical Society has also opposed medical marijuana , saying more research was needed on its effects .
It is currently Tue Feb 26 , 2019 9:32 pm
Discussion , background , reviews , and critical analysis of works by Feldgrau.net members who are published authors .
Updates , changes and plans for Feldgrau.net and Feldgrau.com .
A place to post photographs and to ask about photographic research .
Bundeswehr , DDR and military related discussions on the German armed forces post-1945 to today .
The Allies 1939-1945 , and those fighting against Germany .
A place for off-topic posts not related to this website . All messages are purged frequently .
A place to relocate messages and threads that should be deleted .
Who is online
In total there are 92 users online : : 3 registered , 0 hidden and 89 guests ( based on users active over the past 60 minutes )
Most users ever online was 1121 on Tue Jan 10 , 2012 12:07 pm
Australia 's oldest micronation – the Principality of Hutt River – has been ordered to pay more than £1.8 million in taxes after a judge dismissed its legal claims to sovereignty as “ gobbledygook '' .
The ruling by the Supreme Court of Western Australia came just four months after the Royal Highness Prince Leonard I , the 91-year-old self-proclaimed ruler of the province , abdicated .
The court ruled that Prince Leonard , or Leonard George Casley , and his son Prince Wayne , or Arthur , will have to pay unpaid income tax from June 2006 to November 2013 .
Justice Rene Le Miere dismissed Prince Leonard 's claim that he and his late wife Princess Shirley were “ non-residents ” of Australia for tax purposes .
He dismissed the Prince 's `` strange pseudo-legal straw man theory '' ( which suggests that an individual has two personas and their debts and legal responsibilities belong to the 'straw man ' rather than the physical person ) , saying the legal submissions for the micronation ranged from “ merely irrelevant to bizarre ” .
A Mesa man is claiming police brutality against the Mesa Police Department after he was shoved to the ground while riding his bicycle on the sidewalk . Police body camera video shows the confrontation , but the man 's attorney says the police report does not match what is seen in the video .
The silent video captured the 30 seconds before the Mesa police officer activated his camera . But in that crucial moment , he shoves a man to the ground .
`` I could n't believe it , '' said Joshua Dombrowski .
Dombrowski was riding his bike on the sidewalk on Main Street in Mesa back in August . He claims he did n't know the officer was shouting at him .
`` I kind of went on minding my own business and then next thing I know , I have a bunch of cops jumping on me , '' said Dombrowski .
Dombrowski hired attorney Anthony Ramirez with My AZ Lawyers who is a retired police officer .
`` To come at him and push him down like that and then continue in that matter is excessive , '' said Ramirez . `` Especially when he was only riding a bicycle on the sidewalk . I would give the officer the benefit of the doubt if it was a dangerous crime but it was n't . ''
According to the police report , the officer says Dombrowski `` forced two pedestrians to move off the sidewalk '' to make room for him . It also states the officer yelled `` stop '' and Dombrowski took off riding `` at a high rate of speed '' and `` advanced '' when he approached .
`` The video comes on at about 35 or 40 seconds , just enough to catch this impact push , which contradicts what 's going on in this police report , '' said Ramirez .
Dombrowski struggled with officers , saying his backpack made it hard to cuff him . And a stun gun was deployed and he screamed in pain . He spent a night in the hospital . Pictures showed bruises and cuts .
On another body camera video , when an assisting officer asked a witness to make a statement , the man brought up police brutality issues . The officer cut him short , warning that they were rolling , and he needs to write whatever he saw .
Mesa police said they could not comment on the pending case . But they did want to make it clear that Dombrowski had drugs in his system when he was arrested . His attorney says that is no excuse for the force that was displayed .
Dombrowski and his attorney have filed a claim against the city of Mesa .
Pledging to work for world peace is something that trips easily off the tongue of a Miss World contestant . But it is a less common refrain for an international footballer .
Even more unusual , perhaps , is that Didier Drogba is actually rolling up his sleeves and getting involved in the fraught legal process of post-conflict resolution .
The Ivory Coast star has been asked to join his country 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission , trying to bring together both sides of a bloody five-month conflict that left over 3,000 people dead .
Although the footballer left the country aged five and his mother and two brothers now live in France , his father still lives there , and Drogba was in constant contact with his relatives throughout the terrifying clashes from November to April .
Members of his family were killed in the tribal bloodletting , as forces loyal to former President Laurent Gbagbo challenged Alassane Ouattara over the results of the election , which Mr Ouattara was declared to have won .
`` I lost several aunts and uncles , '' he told The Sunday Telegraph , his softly-spoken demeanour in sharp contrast to his brusing presence on the pitch .
`` It was really frightening . My father 's village was attacked , and several houses were burned . I do n't think it was because of me , but it 's just that it was in a contested area . We lived in the same region that Gbagbo came from , and so it was intense between his supporters and President Ouattara 's .
`` It was very difficult to think of them going through that and I was n't well at the time . I talked a lot to my Chelsea team-mate Salomon Kalou , because he 's from the Ivory Coast too . But everyone was suffering – it was n't just me . ''
The 11-man commission , which will be launched in the capital Yamoussoukro on Wednesday , will see religious and regional leaders work to heal some of the divisions in the West African nation . For two years , the commission will listen to victims and perpetrators , trying to help the country turn the page .
And despite being 3,000 miles from his homeland , Drogba is taking his role as diaspora representative very seriously .
`` I believe in this , I really do . Otherwise I 'd just be sitting at home with my wife and children .
`` When I was asked to take part , I did n't think twice . It 's a big responsibility , it 's difficult , and I have a lot to read up on . My family was nervous about me getting involved . But I could n't say no . ''
Yet it is not the first time the 33-year-old has moved to help his country .
He has , with his own money , bought a patch of land in Abidjan on which he hopes to build a hospital . His staff said that Drogba , with a degree in business and finance , personally oversees every detail of his project .
And he may have arrived at our meeting in a central London hotel in a sleek black Ferrari , expensively dressed in dark denim jeans and a crisp white shirt . But when he greets his fellow commissioners , who have travelled from the Ivory Coast for on a whistle-stop tour for an initial meeting , he talks of his honour and humility at being asked to join , and pledges his dedication to the cause .
`` I might not be there on Wednesday , for the official launch , '' he said , speaking in French at the press conference after the session . `` But that is no reflection on my commitment . I would love to be there , but whether I am or not , that does n't limit the important work we will do . ''
They were dark days for the Ivory Coast . Running street battles between rival groups turned Abidjan , the largest city , into a war zone . The conflict ended on April 11 with the arrest of Laurent Gbagbo , but the full extent of the massacres only became apparent after Mr Ouattara took power .
In April UN investigators found at least 200 bodies in a mass grave in the western Ivorian town of Duekoue . A month later the UN 's human rights chief Guillaume Ngefa said that two mass graves had been found in the Abidjan suburb of Yopougon – where Drogba himself grew up . More than 50 male bodies were found in the graves , one of which was dug under a football pitch .
`` When I was young , Ivory Coast was a peaceful place . It was paradise . I used to run around , playing football barefoot in my neighbourhood . I want my three children to have the same feelings for their country – peace , not war . When I saw what was happening I was devastated – people were turning on each other , hiding from their friends .
`` And I want to use the commission to make every Ivorian think about peace and development . We 're late in this . We have a lot of assets , but they are not being developed . ''
It is a huge task . Mr Gbagbo is under house arrest , charged with economic crimes and with further humanitarian charges looming , yet he still has strong pockets of support . His party last week pulled out of an independent electoral commission , which had been preparing for parliamentary elections in December .
On Thursday Mr Ouattara ordered police and paramilitary forces to the troubled border with Liberia , after recent attacks killed 23 people . Half a million people were displaced in the violence , and hundreds of thousands are still living in refugee camps .
But Drogba has played a pivotal role before . In October 2005 , five years into a vicious civil war , he captained his country to win a place in the 2006 World Cup – for the first time in Ivorian history .
But instead of using the post-match press conference to celebrate , Drogba , surrounded by his team-mates , sank to his knees and pleaded with the warring factions to lay down their arms . Within a week , a ceasefire was announced .
`` It was just something I did instinctively , '' he explained at the time . `` All the players hated what was happening to our country and reaching the World Cup was the perfect emotional wave on which to ride . ''
Worshipped in his own country , he was , he said , under huge pressure to speak out during the recent violence and again call for a halt – something he did n't do in public , although he was in telephone contact with both sides , urging their leaders to seek a solution .
`` I was talking to them in private , telling them we need to stop this , '' he said . `` Many people have interpreted my silence during the conflict . But the best response I can give is by joining this commission . ''
He sounds , I tell him , more like a diplomat than a footballer . And he is often seen as a future president – taking on a political career like fellow Chelsea striker George Weah , who ran for president in neighbouring Liberia .
`` George has done great things , but it 's not for me , '' he said .
`` I 'm just here to shine a spotlight on the situation and try and make people sit down to talk , to stop this happening ever again .
`` I 'm not superman . But I think I can make a difference . ''
Hey guys ! We ran into a minor delivery snafu which pushed back our intended shipping date , but we finally have Star Realms product in hand ! We have begun shipping out yesterday and should hopefully be able to send out the rest of the orders today .
We apologize for cutting things so close , but we really did work to get this game produced and out the door as quickly as possible . As many have discussed , its a minor miracle for a board game/card game Kickstarter to actually come close to its deadline , and here we had just a month or so to commission new art and finalize designs for all the promised promo cards . We 're very pleased with how well the final product looks , and though its in the hands of the Postal Service now , we believe the majority of our backers should recieve their product in time to stuff some stockings !
So many boxes of Star Realms ! pic.twitter.com/ZdWEhlAaz3 — Rob Dougherty ( @ Rob_Dougherty ) December 18 , 2013
Thanks for supporting us . We hope you enjoy playing Star Realms !
-Vito Gesualdi , Community Manager
@ vitogesualdi
Caterpillar workers react with anger , suspicion to UAW contract ratification
By Marcus Day
29 March 2017
Workers have reacted with anger and suspicion to the United Auto Workers ' ( UAW ) announcement Monday afternoon that Caterpillar workers ratified a new six-year contract with the transnational construction and mining equipment maker . The announcement came after an unprecedented delay of nearly a day following the vote , despite workers being told that the results would be available later in the evening Sunday . The union has offered no explanation for the delay .
The agreement , worked out by the UAW and Caterpillar after weeks of secret negotiations , faced widespread opposition from workers and was denounced by many as a sellout . The union sought to overcome opposition by keeping the contents of the whole deal concealed , only releasing misleading “ highlights ” a few days before the vote . However , even the highlights revealed that the contract freezes the wages for older workers , includes increased out-of-pocket health care costs , and sanctions new jobs losses like the closure of the Aurora , Illinois plant that will cut 800 jobs .
The same day the ratification was announced , Caterpillar revealed that it was continuing its global attack on jobs apace , stating that plans for the shutdown of its plant in Charleroi , Belgium had been finalized . The closure of the factory , which has operated for over 50 years , will throw some 2,000 workers onto the unemployment lines , adding to the more than 16,000 jobs cuts the company has carried out around the world since 2015 .
The new contract will cover 5,000 UAW members at 11 facilities in Illinois and Pennsylvania . This number is down by nearly half since the last contract in 2011 .
The UAW did not release any vote totals in its statement on the results , writing only that “ members at Caterpillar voted on Sunday , March 26th , to ratify their tentative Central Agreement . All local agreements have been ratified except UAW Local 974 Peoria. ” That local , which is the UAW 's largest at Caterpillar with several thousand workers in central Illinois , posted on its web site that workers rejected the tentative agreement by 55 percent . Local 974 officials did not release the actual vote totals either .
Workers in Peoria were told they would have to vote again Saturday , April 1 , on the local agreement , which will remain unchanged even though they voted it down Sunday along with the national agreement .
If Peoria rejected the company-wide contract by 55 percent , the next largest locals would have had to substantially vote in favor of the deal for it to have passed overall . Decatur and Aurora each employ between 700-800 workers , out of a total of approximately 5,000 workers covered by the UAW-Caterpillar contract .
No percentages or totals have been released for Aurora , which is targeted for closure later this year . Workers at Decatur reported that the UAW had announced that the vote was 60 percent in favor there .
Caterpillar executives quickly hailed the passage of the deal Monday afternoon . Jon Ginzel , Caterpillar 's director of labor relations , stated , “ Overall , we are happy with today 's vote to ratify a new six-year labor agreement , which provides competitive wages and benefits for our employees and their families . ”
In a pointed directive to UAW executives in Detroit , Ginzel added , “ We expect the UAW to work closely with the UAW Local 974 to achieve a ratified local contract shortly . ”
Many workers took to social media following the ratification announcement to denounce the outcome , with some changing their profile pictures to show images of their “ no ” ballots . “ All locals should have voted this contract down , ” wrote Frankie on the Facebook page of UAW Local 751 in Decatur .
Others demanded to know the company-wide votes and raised suspicions over the delay in announcing the results . “ What were the vote percentages , each local has a right to know how the voting turned out , to leave the membership in the dark for 24 hours and not say one word about what was going on does n't sit well with me , ” wrote Gordy .
A worker from the smaller York , Pennsylvania plant ( the only remaining plant outside Illinois still covered by a UAW agreement ) pointed to intimidation tactics by the union in securing a “ yes ” vote : “ We had an 80 % yes 20 % no , with the total numbers coming in at 72 yes votes and 18 no votes . Which was n't surprising to me sadly , considering the majority of people questioning the contract were shouted down , browbeat , and ridiculed . Good times . ”
Workers who spoke with the WSWS Autoworker Newsletter also questioned the legitimacy of the vote and expressed opposition to the terms of the agreement .
“ The union is clearly simply sending us back to the polls until we get it right , ” said Darren , a veteran worker in Peoria . “ I suspect the Local 974 margin was significantly against the contract and the International wo n't stand for such intransigence . I also expect the other locals ' votes were , at best , close to defeat if not actually defeated and the results falsified , which might explain the union 's unwillingness to share those tallies as they might influence the ‘ re-vote ' in Peoria . ”
Darren referred to the use of lump-sum incentives in lieu of base wage increases to entice workers to approve the deal . “ It surprises me that it would be that close . However , there are a lot of older workers at the Mapleton Foundry with enough time to retire who would be sorely tempted by the $ 10,000 retirement bonus . I did n't get the impression the younger ones were the least bit impressed with the $ 3,000 signing bonus . ”
Other workers in Peoria denounced the deal and expressed anger at having to vote again . “ Just another sellout contract , ” said Bruce . “ What 's the point of another vote ? They already said it 's ratified . Never seen this . ”
A worker at the Decatur , Illinois plant told the Autoworker Newsletter , “ Well plant-wide here is so pissed off . When I went to the [ union ] hall the Friday before asking for a complete copy of the changes from old to new contract they claimed they could n't provide that , but if I had a certain question I could ask and they could help . So , I asked again regarding the labor laws saying they have to provide [ the agreement ] and they said no one has that information . Only in the highlights . ”
“ Personally , I do n't know what happened . The committee that does the bargaining does n't count the votes , but then again , why wait to release the results ? They had the results at 6 p.m. Sunday .
“ There was a moment in the Sunday meeting that just literally about cleared the table . A gentleman my fellow coworkers call Rambo went to the mic . He wanted a show of hands [ from the local officials ] on who was voting for this contract and the reaction was hilarious . They looked around at each other like school kids . ‘ You raise your hand and I will . ' They all did ( bargaining committee only ) , the other people on the board would not raise their hands because they knew it was a crap deal . The worst part was they felt threatened by what our union brother did and sent the guards on him . That was low . ”
While UAW has collaborated with its “ corporate partners ” since the late 1970s in forcing givebacks on workers , a definite modus operandi has emerged since the 2015 contracts at Detroit 's Big Three automakers and agricultural equipment maker Deere & Co. Contract negotiations are typically preceded by company announcements of plant closures or mass layoffs and declarations that “ difficult market conditions ” or “ international competition ” even when companies are profitable , require a further lowering of labor costs . The UAW uses this to browbeat workers determined to recoup past concessions .
Ignoring overwhelming strike votes , the UAW keeps workers in the dark and on the job by extending contract deadlines before it announces a deal , which is generally only the “ framework ” of a contract , not a real agreement . It then seeks to withhold any details on the deal , typically only presenting to workers deceptive “ highlights ” just before voting . At Caterpillar , it was a few days before the vote , and at Deere in 2015 , not until the vote itself .
The “ union ” seeks to further divide first-tier and second-tier workers and then exploit the economic difficulties caused by its own past betrayals by offering signing bonuses for workers to “ sign ” away their futures . Voting is then carried out in an atmosphere of intimidation and even when there is overwhelming and visible opposition , the union invariably says the deal has passed . When workers make accusations of vote rigging and demand a recount they are ignored .
Only after the contract is rammed through , the UAW hopes , will workers discover the full extent of the attacks on their jobs , wages and working conditions .
The universal secrecy , deceit and general contempt for democratic process points inexorably to the fact that the UAW does not function as a defender , even in a limited fashion , of workers ' needs . Rather , as with the rest of the unions , it functions as management 's enforcer and labor police force to suppress the resistance of workers to corporate dictates .
Under both big-business parties , workers have seen their living standards erode for decades due to the treachery of these anti-working class organizations , with a sharp acceleration of this process under President Obama , who worked with the UAW to expand the two-tier system and slash a new generation of autoworkers ' wages in half .
As the Caterpillar contract betrayal reveals , the assault on workers will continue and increase under President Trump , who has pledged to slash corporate taxes , eviscerate social programs , and lift all restraints on corporate profit-making . Far from giving the UAW pause , it has instead sought to form a de facto alliance with the billionaire president , promising to support his reactionary “ Buy American ” nationalism , which pits American workers against their brothers and sisters in other countries in a race to the bottom .
If workers are to halt the destruction of the gains won over generations of struggle , a new strategy is needed , one that opposes the corporatist and nationalist program of the UAW and other company-controlled unions . In every factory and workplace workers should elect rank-and-file committees , democratically controlled by workers themselves and committed to fighting for the interests of workers , not the profits of the corporate bosses .
These committees should establish lines of communication with other sections of workers—at Deere , the auto companies , with Illinois state workers , teachers and others , in the US and internationally—to organize an industrial and political counteroffensive to defend workers ' social rights to jobs , wages , pensions , health care , and more .
The WSWS Autoworker Newsletter is holding a phone-in conference on Wednesday , March 29 , to discuss this perspective and organize this struggle . We urge all workers to attend .
To participate , call 213-416-1560 in the US or 438-800-2937 in Canada and enter PIN 581991086 # .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Maggi Noodles , a product of Nestle India , is facing reports of higher amounts of lead than required and thus stoking health concerns .
Nestle India is currently facing the heat over the high amounts of MSG and lead in its popular Maggi Noodles brand .
Advertising
While for most Indian consumers the loss of their favourite Maggi noodles has been a tough one to deal with , Nestle has continued to defend itself saying there is no MSG in Maggi and that the lead levels are within permissible limits . Read more on the latest in this controversy here .
According to the latest tests conducted by Delhi government officials , 10 samples of Maggi were found having lead exceeding the prescribed limits of 2.5 parts per million , and five samples of the “ tastemaker ” had MSG “ without a proper declaration in the label ” .
Read more : Nestle 's Maggi noodles faces heat across India , fails tests in Delhi
Read more : Explained : Is Maggi Noodles bad for you ?
Advertising
As The Indian Express Explained piece points out , according to Food Safety and Standards Rules , 2011 , MSG , a “ flavour enhancer ” , should not be added to food for infants below 12 months . MSG is not permitted in over 50 items , including “ Pastas and noodles ( only dried products ) ” , but is allowed in the seasoning used for noodles and pastas .
[ related-post ]
But while Nestle continues to defend itself , the Maggi controversy is not the first scandal to have hit the company . Globally , Nestle has faced quite a few scandals in the past and we take a look at the top three .
Nestle Baby-milk formula scandal
In the 1970 's , Nestle faced a serious boycott in the developed countries over its aggressive marketing that promoted it 's ‘ baby-milk formula ' in under-developed countries in Africa , Latin America .
London based-NGO War on Wants published a detailed expose showing how Nestle and the baby food industry was relying on false advertising to promote their milk-formula over breast milk . The War on Wants document notes , “ More and more Third World mothers are turning to artificial foods during the first few months of their babies ' lives… The baby food industry stands accused of promoting their products in communities which can not use them properly ; of using advertising , sales girls dressed up in nurses uniforms , give away samples and free gift gimmicks that persuade mothers to give up breastfeeding . ”
Read more : Nestle 's Maggi noodles faces heat across India , fails tests in Delhi
Read more : Explained : Is Maggi Noodles bad for you ?
The document points out that while Nestle gave out extensive instruction leaflets with their baby milk formula which describes the hygiene standard that should be maintained , the problem was that in Africa most mothers were illiterate , and that water supplies were often unclean and thus posed a risk for babies .
The Nestle boycott campaign that started in the 1970s lasted over seven years . It finally led to the adoption of a UN World Health Assembly resolution which put in place an “ international code of conduct to govern the promotion and sale of breast milk substitutes ” , as report by the Guardian .
Nestle 's Bottle Water controversy
The film ‘ Bottled Life ' looked at how lucrative and controversial Nestle 's ‘ bottled-water business is which has also grown bigger since 1990s after the company acquired luxury brands Perrier and San Pellegrino .
According to the film ‘ Bottle Life ' , Nestlé controls more than 70 of the world 's bottled water brands . The documentary takes a critical approach at Nestle 's bottled water business and how the company controls many resources in the US , and has tried to stamp out local opposition in some US states .
In addition to this , a 2005 report published by the Swiss Coalition of Development Organisations and ActionAid raised questions about the quality of Nestle Pure Life , a bottled water brand that is sold in the Pakistan .
The study alleged that , “ Nestle 's ‘ Pure Life ' production relied on extracting groundwater and thus lowering its level . In cases were this leads to the dry-out of local water supplies , this also can risk people 's human right to health. ” Nestle did not give any interviews or statements for the purpose of this study .
Nestle Child labour chocolate controversy
In 2012 , Independent auditor the Fair Labor Association ( FLA ) published a report which said that Nestle 's supply code chain has serious child-rights violations , as reported by BBC .
It should be noted that Nestle had commissioned FLA to carry out the investigation after intense pressure and protests in the early 2000 's . As this Forbes article from 2006 points out , a report by International Labour Organization said an estimated 284,000 child labourers work on cocoa farms , most of them in the Ivory Coast .
However , Nestle had defended itself then and said that the do not “ own any plantation ” . Nestle chief executive Peter Brabeck-Letmathe had blamed the civil war situation for the human rights abuses .
To be fair , Nestle had pointed out that they were not the only company buying cocoa from Africa and that to hold them solely responsible for the abuse was wrong .
Advertising
Read more : Nestle 's Maggi noodles faces heat across India , fails tests in Delhi
Read more : Explained : Is Maggi Noodles bad for you ?
When people speak about the status of migrants and foreigners in general seeking a new life in Germany , the most common negative assumption is that most of them live off social assistance money received from the state , reports Večernji List on June 4 , 2017 .
However , the data of the German Federal Labour Agency show that it is not so and that it is not possible to generalise , especially when it comes to Croats living in Germany . The figures show that only 6.3 percent of Croats living in Germany receive social assistance through the so-called Hartz IV program , which is the least among all groups of foreigners living in the country , and a smaller percentage than even the Germans themselves , of whom 7.4 percent receive social assistance .
The data shows that 17,275 Croats and 4.1 million Germans receive financial assistance from the German state . Looking at the structure of other nationalities receiving social assistance , the first position belongs to Syrians and citizens of other Arab nations who have mostly arrived in Germany in the latest refugee wave .
The agency has announced that as many as 510,000 Syrians , or nearly 80 percent of them , live off social assistance , which is an increase of 173 percent compared to the previous year . They are followed by the Turks ( 276,000 ) and Iraqis ( 110,500 ) . The Poles and the Romanians are at the bottom of the rankings , below Croats , but their percentages are twice as high as Croats ' .
This data has , once again , confirmed what the Germans have been saying for decades , and that is that Croats are among the best workers in the country . They do not have the assimilation problem because they are culturally and socially very similar to Germans , and have no problem with learning the German language and adopting the lifestyle and customs of the society in which they now live .
The advantages above are usually the biggest problem for those who receive the greatest amount of social assistance , namely Syrians , Afghans , Iraqis and other peoples from the Middle East and Africa .
Britons massively underestimate how much alcohol they consume , which could lead to health problems
Raising a glass on holidays and special occasions means we all lose count of what we 're drinking , warn researchers .
At least 12 million more bottles of wine a week are ‘ missing ' from official statistics , they claim .
As a result Britons massively underestimate how much alcohol they consume , which could lead to health problems , says a study published in the open access journal BMC Medicine .
Drinking alcohol is related to 200 different health conditions .
In many countries , including England , the impact of alcohol on public health is usually tracked by surveys of average consumption .
These data are sometimes not reflected in sales figures , such as in England where survey data accounts for only about 60 per cent of alcohol sales .
Asking people about what they drink on holidays and other special occasions found the equivalent of 12 million more bottles of wine a week was consumed than previously thought .
Lead authors on the study , Mark Bellis from Liverpool John Moores University and Bangor University , said ‘ In England , there is a huge difference between what surveys report is consumed and how much alcohol is sold .
‘ Every week , the equivalent of over three quarters of a bottle of wine per drinker goes unaccounted for . The problem is that surveys usually ask about typical drinking .
‘ This means summer holidays , bank holidays , weddings and many other special occasions when consumption often increases are left out .
‘ As a result , nationally we underestimate how much we drink and as individuals we can turn a blind eye to our heavier drinking periods when we calculate personal consumption .
‘ For many people though these sessions add substantial amounts of alcohol to their annual consumption and inevitably increase their risks of developing alcohol related ill health . '
A team from Liverpool John Moores University , funded by Alcohol Research UK , set out to investigate patterns of drinking and how it differs during holidays and special occasions .
Altogether 6,085 randomly selected people in England were interviewed by phone , identifying 4,604 current drinkers .
Special occasions and holidays are being blamed for a massive difference between the amount of alcohol sold in the UK
Participants were asked about their typical drinking patterns and those outside of typical circumstances such as holidays or special occasions .
Categories of drinkers were based on age groups and level of typical consumption , and most saw an increase of consumption during holidays or special occasions .
The largest increase of alcohol intake was seen in those aged 25-34 years old who had the highest level of typical consumption .
This category of drinker added an average of 18 units ( 144 g ) of additional alcohol per week due to special occasion drinking .
Government guidelines recommend men should not regularly drink more than three to four units of alcohol a day , with a maximum for women of two to three units a day .
The Royal College of Psychiatrists has recommended that alcohol limits should be cut for both sexes to a maximum of 11 units per week or 1.5 units a day for people aged 65 years or more .
Figures released last month showed UK alcohol consumption fell again in 2013 , for the seventh year out of the past nine years .
Annual consumption per head is now 7.7 litres – the lowest level this century .
James Nicholls from Alcohol Research UK , said ‘ Patterns of consumption have a significant influence on the health impacts of alcohol .
‘ For instance , it is widely recognized that any protective effects of moderate drinking on the heart are cancelled out by heavy drinking episodes .
‘ By looking just at average levels of consumption , we only get a very rough impression of drinking behaviours and any associated risks .
Next year , the president of the United States will also be on the payroll of a reality TV show .
Donald Trump is expected to retain his executive producer credit on NBC 's newly revamped Celebrity Apprentice and receive royalties from the show .
As first reported by Variety , and confirmed to EW by producer MGM , the president-elect will keep his credit on the show that he hosted for 14 seasons . NBC announced that Trump was leaving the series last year after he launched his presidential campaign .
Trump 's press secretary Hope Hicks told Politico : “ Mr . Trump has a big stake in the show and conceived of it with [ executive producer ] Mark Burnett …Additional details regarding his business interests will be shared December 15 . ”
While it might seem odd that Trump would remain a producer on a show that he left , it would actually be far more unusual to lose his credit . Typically , founding executive producers retain their credit throughout a program 's run , even if they leave . ( And keeping a producer credit does not mean Trump will be involved in the show ; the TV landscape is riddled with producer credits that are merely contractual . ) Just recently , writer-producer Bryan Fuller departed CBS Access ' upcoming Star Trek : Discovery after writing the first two episodes , yet he 'll retain his exec producer credit — and that show has n't even launched yet .
The difference , of course , is that Bryan Fuller was n't just elected president ( as amazing of a prospect as that might be ) . Trump is being pressured to shed any financial interests that could be conflicts of interest before he takes office .
Celebrity Apprentice returns Jan. 2 after two years off the air , with Arnold Schwarzenegger taking over the boardroom .
Trump , after no time off the air , will take over the White House on Jan. 20 .
The mill was built in the early 1900 's , and was a prime producer of cotton textiles . Many of the mill workers lived in nearby cottages rented from the family that owned the mill , and a small village grew up around the facility . The history of the area includes a legacy of child labor , union conflict , and other somewhat unsavory details , though industrial accidents were infrequent and the safety record remained high during the entire operation of the mill .
Though at one point in time the largest producer of corduroy textiles , profit margins began to fall in the later portion of the twentieth-century , and the mill was sold by the family who owned it to a larger company . One of the sons of this family went to college to study architecture , and submitted a design of the mill as a site for apartments and condominiums as his senior project . In the mid-nineties , a tornado struck the mill , causing some damage and blowing off the roof of one of the structures . Faced with extensive repair costs on top of a business that was growing increasingly unprofitable , the company that owned it sold the buildings and property back to the original family .
The former student of architecture went to work , and within six years had restored the building into spacious and one-of-a-kind living spaces . Complete with terraced courtyards , antique wood flooring , koi ponds and walking trails , the former industrial space was transformed into a peaceful , modern , yet historic work of art . A revitalization of the former mill community ensued , and before long the sleepy post-industrial town became home to a general store offering five-star , organic and locally grown dining options , a charter high school with an environmental and sustainable focus , a canoe and kayak company , puppet theatre , post office , gas station , hair salon , and fitness studio . Added to the local wineries , farms , and antique stores , the area quickly developed into a rural gem , arguably the best kept secret of North Carolina !
★★★★★ Original I recommend this to anyone One of the finest Science Fiction trilogies I 've ever read Be in awe of the brilliance Book Review Village William C. Bitner , Jr .
What they , and their allies , must do is work out who , and why , before it gets too late .
But not so easy to ignore . Especially the ones experiencing the wake-up : The idea was that they could work hidden in society 's plain sight allowing humanity time to get used to the fact of sentient machines . But it 's all too easy for others to take advantage of those who live on the edge .
This excerpt is from about halfway through . Maria and Delta are important secondary characters . This is where the story starts to show its true size .
T
HE SECOND PLANET was the fourth from its main sequence star on the Sagittarius arm . Unlike the soft amber sunlight-painted villages and fields of the previous specimen , this one prickled with the jagged black edges of super-tower structures and bristled with artificial light .
There appeared to be one ocean . The rest looked like one mega-city , a mono-culture spanning a globe .
“ We have to be careful here , ” Delta admonished .
“ I noticed the different Ship design . ”
“ It 's our latest model . The cloaking abilities of the saucer beings are not up to the job out here . We needed something more robust . ”
“ Are they better ? In your view ? ”
“ A little like Jared 's dog-being , but I have a fondness , yes . ”
Maria surveyed the planet in front of them . It did n't look like Delta was going anywhere near the surface this time ; they were still a few thousand miles in orbit . “ Another exception . Robots destroyed biologicals ? ”
“ Yes . ”
“ Why show me ? Why not just pass me a vector , or fork a memory , or describe it around a campfire while we drink cosmic whiskey or smoke a stardust spliff late into the night ? ”
Delta 's face glowed with a straight line from ear to ear . “ Because storytelling is very Earth-human so it did n't occur to me . Because , if you see , it stays with you , haunts you . It delights and torments . It informs , and it guides . It does many things , but it never goes away . If I show you data , you 'll have information . If I tell you stories , you 'll have knowledge . If you see it for yourself , you 'll have wisdom . ”
Maria stared at the planet . It looked dark . Sinister . Evil . What sunlight played across its surface somehow got sucked in by the insatiable-seeming blackness of the mega-city 's pointy cancerous growth—a hungry demon in red stilettos .
Could newly-minted turncoat Parker Griffith get teabagged to death ? It 's looking like a real possibility . You 'd think that if the NRCC could score a party switch ( always a big deal ) , it would come with assurances that the primary field would be swept clear . And just a few years ago , when the Republicans were in the majority and promoting conservatism was equated with supporting Bush , I have no doubt that would have happened . ( After all , no GOPers complained when Rodney Alexander changed parties . ) But today , with wingnuts demanding absurd levels of purity , it 's a different ballgame :
Madison County Commissioner Mo Brooks ( R ) said Tuesday afternoon that he wo n't be clearing out of the GOP primary in Alabama 's 5th district to make way for Rep. Parker Griffith , who announced earlier in the day that he was switching parties and joining the Republican Conference . Brooks also warned the Congressman that his party switching ways will not go over well with GOP primary voters , who make up the vast majority of the 48 percent of the 5th district electorate that voted against Griffith in the 2008 general election . `` That 's a tough jury to sell , particularly when you 've voted with [ Speaker ] Nancy Pelosi [ D-Calif. ] 85 percent of the time , '' Brooks said . `` It 's unbelievably good fortune that Parker Griffith would jump into our pool and want to play . ... He has just propelled us to favored candidate status . ''
This just goes to show you : You can vote against the Democrats on every single big-ticket item - the stimulus , the Obama budget , cap-and-trade , healthcare , finacial regulatory reform , and even equal pay for women - and they 'll still find something to hit you on . In this case , Mo Brooks is smacking Griffith for his WaPo `` Voting with Party '' score . Nevermind that Griffith has one of the lowest scores on the list - trying to fight from a defensive crouch is almost always a recipe for failure . The GOP would surely have used this number against him had he stayed a Dem ; it 's nice to see he 'll still get whaled on with it as a Republican . ( And let that be a lesson to other conservadems who think they can hide behind lousy voting records . )
But do n't worry - Griffith 's new Republican buddies have plenty more ammo :
But just five years ago , Griffith donated $ 1,500 to the presidential campaign of liberal icon Howard Dean — with one donation coming when Dean 's campaign was already faltering in February 2004 . ( Griffith also gave $ 1,000 to Sen. Harry Reid [ D-Nev. ] in December 2003 — something his conservative detractors will be sure to point out . )
Howard Dean ! LOL ! Who knew that me and Grif had so much in common ? I was a big Dean supporter back then , too ! But I think that even I knew it was time to jump ship by February ( hell , his campaign folded in the middle of that month ) . You can bet that if a guy pretending to be a Southern-fried conservative was at one point a Dean backer , he 's said and done a lot of other libruhl shit over the course of his career . Like this :
A Dem source noted that while all of his back-and-forth with GOPers was going on , Griffith actually took the time to attend the 12/9 DCCC holiday party , an event that featured Speaker Nancy Pelosi . That does n't exactly paint the picture of a man wavering in his party commitments .
You can bet that is n't the only time Grif has hobnobbed with Pelosi . But wait - there 's more ! Plenty more . I think Griffith 's primary opponents could run this old ad - courtesy of the NRCC , circa 2008 - without changing a single word :
I know you did n't think I was done yet . Our compadres at the Club for Growth is happy to Scozzafava good ol ' Grif , too :
Griffith 's voting record is far from conservative , too . Granted , he voted against the Big 4 - Obama 's first budget , the Stimulus , Cap and Trade , and ObamaCare . However , his vote on the budget is slightly deceptive since he originally voted for 9 of the 12 spending bills that make up the budget . And he voted against all the Stimulus amendments that would reduce its size . But just a quick perusal of 2009 shows that he voted YES on the 2009 pork-filled Omnibus ; YES on Cash for Clunkers , NO on waiving the harmful Davis-Bacon provision , and had a pathetic 0 % score on the 2009 RePORK Card . This party switch signals Griffith 's nervousness , but it does n't signal that his incumbency is safe .
Zing ! I think it 's very possible that it will be easier for Brooks to beat Griffith in a primary rather than a general . The DCCC is squeezing Grif to get back their money ( something they did successfully with Rodney Alexander ) , so that 'll hurt him on the financial front . What 's more , he 's got a bit of a `` damned-if-he-do , damned-if-he-do n't '' situation on his hands : If the NRCC decides to openly support Griffith , it would almost certainly provide major fodder to the teabaggers - Charlie Crist 2.0 . On the flipside , if they do n't back him ( very possible , since they have to care more about blue seats than red ones ) , well , then , he loses out on major institutional backing . Not a good problem to have .
It 's important to remember that to remain a member in good standing of the conservative movement , it is n't enough just to vote a certain way . You have to evidence a very particular tribal belonging - you need to hate the right people , be ignorant of the right facts , be fearful of the right bogeymen , and be arrogant about the whole enterprise . If you somehow fail this tribal litmus test , it does n't matter how right-wing you are - that 's how , for example , a wildly conservative guy like former Rep. Chris Cannon could lose a primary to another wildly conservative maniac .
And Parker Griffith is no Chris Cannon . Good luck , li ' l buddy .
DALLAS -- Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban said no decision has been made to cut ties with suspended guard Delonte West , contradicting what a team source told ESPNDallas.com on Thursday night .
The Mavs have suspended West for conduct detrimental to the team twice in the last two weeks , although the first suspension lasted only 21 hours , ending after West met with coach Rick Carlisle and president of basketball operations Donnie Nelson .
While the source said Thursday that the team is in the process of negotiating terms of West 's departure with his agent , Dan Fegan , Cuban insists that the determination about West 's future with the Mavs is `` just a process that 's pretty much down to me making a decision . ''
`` It 'll be my call , '' Cuban said . `` I 'll make the decision . No decision has been made , but we 're also not in any rush to make a decision . We 'll do what we think is best , but we 're not going to be in a situation like we were with a player last year . ''
That was a reference to Lamar Odom , who tested the Mavs ' patience for months before Cuban finally decided to dismiss him with pay in the final month of the regular season .
Cuban acknowledged that the timing of his decision on West would be influenced by Monday 's deadline to trim the roster to 15 players . The Mavs ' roster currently stands at 18 after they claimed center Eddy Curry off of waivers and signed swingman Chris Douglas-Roberts and center/forward Melvin Ely to nonguaranteed contracts .
The source said both suspensions stemmed from frequent behavioral missteps by West , an eight-year veteran who was a valuable role player for the Mavs last season , averaging 9.6 points and 3.2 assists while playing tenacious defense at both guard spots .
When reached by ESPNDallas.com on Thursday morning , West said he was being blamed for an argument between teammates after the Mavs ' 88-76 exhibition loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday night in Wichita , Kan . He said he got a text Thursday morning telling him not to come to the American Airlines Center for practice .
`` There was an argument between two teammates in the locker room last night that did n't involve me , '' he said . `` Somehow I 'm being blamed for it . I had nothing to do with it . I do n't know what 's going on . ''
Mavs ' management was concerned about West 's influence on the young players on the roster , the source said . There was a strong feeling that West could not contain his frustration over being signed to a one-year , veteran-minimum contract for the second consecutive season and being part of a logjam among reserve guards .
According to the source , the options the team and Fegan are discussing include giving West a buyout , waiving him or reaching a mutual decision to part ways , in which West would be free to sign with another team but would not be paid by the Mavs .
West indicated on Twitter earlier Thursday that he did n't expect to return to Dallas .
`` If I 'm not what u lookin 4 .... That 's fine ... just dont kick me in my ass on the way out the door .... I did n't do anything to deserve that ... '' West tweeted , followed two minutes later by : `` I love the city of Dallas .. I love playin in the NBA ... no I 'm not off my meds ... no I ai n't on no bipolar trip ... this real people lives .... And it just ai n't right .. imma leave it at that .. no ill will towards no one ... I 'm just sittin here across from the arena wit tear in my eyes . ''
Carlisle addressed his team briefly about West 's suspension before Thursday 's practice but declined to discuss it with the media , referring to a statement the team released saying it would have no further comment on the issue .
`` We 're losing a competitor , '' said Vince Carter , who planned to call his friend . `` That 's just plain and simple . He 's a competitor . We all know that . You just hate to see everybody going through their differences , because that 's one guy you can rely on . ''
Carlisle had suspended West for conduct detrimental to the team Oct. 15 after a locker-room outburst . The Mavericks reinstated West less than 24 hours later after he met with Carlisle and Nelson .
The team would not elaborate on the outburst at that time .
`` There was an outstanding issue , and we needed to talk about it , '' Carlisle said after the initial suspension . `` He needed to refocus , and he 's in the process of doing that . It 's going to be work . It 's going to be daily work for him to do that , and I 've got to help him and our organization is going to help him , too . It 's not that big a deal . ''
West has had run-ins with the law in the past and revealed in 2009 that he suffers from bipolar disorder . He was suspended for the first 10 games of the 2010-11 season after pleading guilty to weapons charges in Maryland . Authorities say he was carrying three loaded guns and a knife when he was stopped for speeding on a three-wheel motorcycle in 2009 .
Exploring a to-do app with core.async
We 're going to build an equivalent of the AngularJS TODO example using core.async , and a templating library , papadom , that I 've written to help in this .
Clojurescript recently gained a CSP implemetation via core.async , similar to Go 's channels , or CML 's channels ( CML also has a nice select ) . Bruce Haumann started exploring this with ClojureScript Core.Async To-dos , and David Nolen has been looking at how to use core.async for responsive design . In this post , we 'll take the TODO example , and take it a little further .
Basic Display
We 'll start with just displaying a list of to-do items . For this we 'll need a template , so we 'll just write this in HTML , and add a t-template attribute , which enables us to use mustache style templating of values to display . This does n't use mustache sections for looping , in order to preserve valid HTML markup .
< h1 > TODOS < /h1 > < ul class= '' unstyled '' > < li t-template= '' to-dos '' > { { text } } < /li > < /ul >
To get this to show something we 'll need some code :
( ns app ( : require [ papadom.template : refer [ compile-templates render ] ] ) ) ( defn start [ ] ( compile-templates ) ( render { : to-dos [ { : text `` learn papadom '' : done false } { : text `` write a papadom app '' : done false } ] } ) )
When you call app.start ( ) from the page containing the above template , you 'll see a list of two to-do entries .
Adding an event
Now we have something displayed , lets add a checkbox to mark to-do items as done :
< ul class= '' unstyled '' > < li t-template= '' to-dos '' > < input type= '' checkbox '' t-prop= '' done '' t-event= '' done '' t-id= '' index '' index= '' { { @ index } } '' > < span > { { text } } < /span > < /li > < /ul >
The t-prop attribute tells the template to which data value to display as the checkbox .
The t-event attribute specifies that we want an event . When the checkbox is clicked , we will get a core.async message with a : done event type . We need to know which to-do was clicked , so we use the t-id attribute to list the attributes whose values should be sent as the event data – in this case the index , which has a value based on handlebars style @ index property .
Now we need some code to process the events . To do this we 'll define an app function that will be passed a state atom containing a map with our to-dos state , and a core.async channel from which to read events . The function will loop over events , and dispatch them as required .
( defn app [ state event-chan ] ( go ( loop [ [ event event-data ] ( < ! event-chan ) ] ( case event : done ( let [ nv ( boolean ( : checked event-data ) ) ] ( swap ! state assoc-in [ : to-dos ( : index event-data ) : done ] nv ) ) ) ( recur ( < ! event-chan ) ) ) ) )
When the app function receives a : done event , it will update the state atom appropriately . Now we have our state updating , we 'll need to display it , which we can again do with the render function .
( defn show-state [ state ] ( render `` state '' state ) )
We still need to get show-state called , and we 'll arrange this in a modified start function . This will create an atom for the state , and add a watch on the atom that will call show-state .
( defn start [ ] ( let [ event-chan ( chan ) state ( atom nil ) ] ( compile-templates ) ( template-events event-chan ) ( add-watch state : state ( fn [ key ref old new ] ( show-state new ) ) ) ( reset ! state { : to-dos [ { : text `` Learn papadom '' : done false } { : text `` Build a papadom app '' : done false } ] } ) ( app state event-chan ) ) ) )
We 've also added a core.async channel , event-chan , which we 've passed to template-events to arrange delivery of the events defined in our template . We pass this channel to the app function to start processing the events .
This shows the basic structure of the application .
Adding New To-do Elements
To allow you to add new to-do items , we 'll add a form to our template , specifying a t-event attribute , which will cause an event to be sent when the form is submitted , with the form 's input values as the event data .
< form t-event= '' add-todo '' > < input type= '' text '' t-prop= '' text '' size= '' 30 '' placeholder= '' add new to-do here '' > < input class= '' btn btn-primary '' type= '' submit '' value= '' add '' > < /form >
To process this new event , we 'll add a case to the app function loop 's case form .
: add-todo ( swap ! state update-in [ : to-dos ] conj { : text ( : text ( input-seq- > map event-data ) ) : done false } )
This uses the input-seq- > map helper to convert the data from the form into a map , and we extract the : text value ( defined by t-prop in the input element ) .
And we 're done . To see a full working example have a look at the template and code in the to-do example of papadom . To run the example :
Cannes : Former box office titans Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger may have joined forces on screen , but at the press call to promote their new movie , The Expendables 3 , neither could resist a snipe at the other 's less celebrated back pages .
The pair – who joined an all-star cast , including Harrison Ford , Mel Gibson and Antonio Banderas at the Cannes Film Festival on Sunday to promote the new film – were addressing questions about their infamously competitive past , when Schwarzenegger , 66 , reacted to the 67-year-old Rambo star referencing his iconic line from The Terminator , “ I 'll be back . ”
Best mates or bitter rivals after 20 years ? Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger promoting The Expendables 3 at Cannes . Credit : Yves Herman
“ I always wanted to be in that movie that Sly did , Mama Do n't Shoot , ” the Austrian cooed back snidely , referencing Stallone 's ill-fated 1992 cop comedy , Stop ! Or My Mom Will Shoot , which the star himself declared his worst ever picture . “ I love that movie , because I saw Sly in diapers , ” Schwarzenegger added , to the delight of the press .
Not one to give ground , Stallone quickly fired back , “ Wait , did n't you have a baby in Junior ? ” in reference to Schwarzenegger 's critically panned 1994 comedy , in which he stars as a male scientist who has a baby . “ I saw you give birth [ in that film ] . ”
Your first name
The Delta Tau Delta fraternity house at the University of Florida was vandalized with swastikas and Donald Trump references over the weekend .
In response to the group of anti-Trump protesters marching down West University Avenue and past the fraternity house on Saturday , members of DTD stood on their lawn waving a Trump flag .
# Trump supporters at fraternity house across from University of Florida as # NotMyPresident protestors walk by . # TrumpProtest pic.twitter.com/xmRszC0odl — Michael Stone Ⓥ ( @ Michael__Stone ) November 19 , 2016
The Florida Alligator reports that the night following the protest , three of the fraternity house columns were spray-painted with hearts , swastikas , and the words “ rape ” ­ and “ Trump . ”
Photo of vandalism to @ UF chapter of Delta Tau Delta house between Saturday night and Sunday morning before being repainted . @ TheAlligator pic.twitter.com/SvsGc7BEIY — Caitlin Ostroff ( @ ceostroff ) November 21 , 2016
Gainesville Police spokeswoman Lt. Tscharna Senn also told The Alligator that a window in the kitchen was also broken , but no one was hurt .
President of the UF Delta Tau Delta chapter , William Hunter Hedman , told The Alligator that he believes the members waving the flag were practicing their right to free speech .
“ It 's just unfair that people generalize certain things about us , ” says Hedman . “ We did nothing wrong . We provoked nothing . ”
Another member of the fraternity , Kevin Kimbrough , told The Alligator that the vandalism does not represent the fraternity 's values . He also stressed that regardless of the vandalism , he does n't want to generalize the anti-Trump protesters as vandals .
The fraternity took to Facebook on Sunday to address the vandalism .
University President Kent Fuchs expressed his disappointment with the vandalism on Twitter Sunday night .
Saddened to learn Delta Tau Delta house was vandalized w/ offensive messages . I denounce all statements and symbols that hurt or disparage . — W. Kent Fuchs ( @ PresidentFuchs ) November 21 , 2016
According to ABC WCJB , the Gainesville police estimate the damages from the vandalism add up to $ 1400 .
French Garlic Soup
Larger images
Print Simple and healthy garlic soup from the Provence . Simple and healthy garlic soup from the Provence .
I found this healthy French garlic soup in the Larousse de la cuisine des familles , presented as a family recipe from a Provence mama . Wicked way of roasting whole garlic heads .
Start with 4 garlic heads - 1 per guest as a light main course . Cut each head in half but do n't peel .
Pour a large glass olive oil inside an ovenproof dish and place each half garlic head flat in the oil .
Roast the oven for about an hour or until the garlic is soft throughout and nicely browned . When ready , you 'll be able to lift the top halves of each garlic head like a hat ...
... and free the remaining half-cloves .
The bottom halved will require some help with a pointed half to free the half garlic cloves .
Place all the garlic cloves in large pot .
...
An undercover drug bust this month at a rock show in Alpharetta resulted in the arrest of a Tennessee couple , who is a city police officials say posed as concert vendors .
Alpharetta police are now cracking down on illegal drug sales following the recent sting .
Police spokesman George Gordon told Channel 2 Action News that Jennifer Vaughn , 26 , met with an undercover officer on Sept. 16 at the BP gas station on Haynes Bridge Road .
The officer asked Vaughn if she was going to the Widespread Panic concert at the Verizon Wireless Amphitheater at Encore Park . She replied “ yes , ” adding that she was a vendor at the show .
Vaughn told the officer she could supply him with MDMA , better known as “ ecstasy , ” and $ 5 bags of marijuana “ edibles . ”
“ We simply do n't want it here and are n't going to tolerate it , ” Gordon told Channel 2 . “ As long as concerts have existed , there are gon na ( be ) people who come to concerts and attempt to sell narcotics . ”
Attempts to reach Gordon for additional comments were unsuccessful Friday .
> > RELATED :
The officer caught up with Vaughn later that evening at her booth , where she and her boyfriend , Dillon Tarver , were selling jewelry and candles . The officer then purchased a $ 5 bag of THC-edibles from Vaughn , with Tarver telling him afterward “ they were really good ” and he “ would n't be disappointed , ” the report states .
Tarver and Vaughn were arrested shortly after . Officers uncovered $ 200 , nine grams of marijuana , and five pounds of marijuana candies disguised as gummy candies and lollipops from a cooler .
“ It 's a particular concert that attracts a particular crowd , '' Gordon said , and Vaughn was going to sell the drugs `` ... to whoever was going to buy it . ''
Both Vaughn and Tarver were charged with possession of marijuana with intent to distribute . The suspects were transported and booked into the North Fulton County Jail in Alpharetta . Vaughn and Tarver were released last week on $ 5,000 and $ 6,000 bonds , respectively .
Memorial Day Weekend is coming up again and that means another year of Maryland Deathfest is upon us ! This is the twelfth year running for the festival and it continues to expand and evolve . This post will help you get through MDF XII as you navigate through all the bands , stages , venues and vendors and I 'll be updating it with info like food prices and photos of exclusive band merch once the fest actually gets going . You can skip to the updates by going here . The past few weeks we 've been suggesting some lesser known bands that are definitely worth seeing at Maryland Deathfest . You can read those reviews and bios , each of which have songs you can stream in the post , by going here . Now to start off , here 's some info and links you will find useful if you 're attending Maryland Deathfest XII .
Maryland Deathfest 's official website : MarylandDeathfest.com
MDF 's official Facebook : Facebook.com/MarylandDeathfest
MDF 's official Twitter : @ mddeathfest
MDF 's official Instagram : @ marylanddeathfest
I put together these handy full schedules and band running orders for each day of the fest ( they load quick so bookmark them on your phone ) .
Thursday : http : //bit.ly/mdfthursday
Friday : http : //bit.ly/mdffriday
Saturday : http : //bit.ly/mdfsaturday
Sunday : http : //bit.ly/mdfsunday
Baltimore Yellow Cab : 410-685-1212 ( website )
MDF Edison Lot entrance address : 545 N High St , Baltimore , MD 21202
Baltimore SoundStage address : 124 Market Pl , Baltimore , MD 21202
Rams Head Live Thurs & Sun address : 20 Market Pl , Baltimore , MD 21202
Rams Head Live Fri & Sat address : 7 Frederick St , Baltimore , MD 21202
Sidebar address : 218 E Lexington St , Baltimore , MD 21202
Ottobar address : 2549 N Howard St , Baltimore , MD 21218
Note that Rams Head Live will be using the back entrance on Friday and Saturday . This is because the front entrance to Rams Head Live is in the Power Plant area and it will have its own cover charge on Friday and Saturday night . To avoid that fee , use the back entrance ( address listed above ) .
I put together this custom Google map that will show you all kinds of info such as all the venues involved , local record stores of note and where to get beer , cigarettes and food while you 're in Baltimore too . Just click the map image below to use the map .
Tickets
Friday , Saturday and Sunday at the Edison Lot will have tickets available at the door all through the weekend , it is very unlikely the Edison Lot will sell out . You can get tickets at the door or order them online ( and pick them up at will call ) by going here , however online orders close at 2pm Wednesday .
All four days at Rams Head Live are completely sold out as well as all three days at the Baltimore SoundStage . If you 're determined to find tickets to these sold out parts of MDF I highly recommend using the Maryland Deathfest official forum 's ticket exchange thread which you can find here . If that does n't work you can try looking at the official Facebook event page ( here ) for people posting there as well .
The Wednesday pre-fest show at the Ottobar has tickets available here although the last I heard there were less than 50 left so this could sell out at any point . The pre-fest show will include a screening of the Welcome To Deathfest documentary , filmed during last year 's Maryland Deathfest . Unlike previous MDF movies this one focuses more on the people running Deathfest , and the fans and bands attending , than the actual live performances of bands . Please note that the Ottobar is not walking distance from the other festival locations this year . If you do n't have a car you 'll have to take a cab .
There are no advance parking tickets being sold this year , and overnight parking in the lots is not permitted this year either as the lot closes at 1am . You can park in the lot adjacent to MDF for $ 10 a day , although if it becomes full and you park on the street or in another lot nearby you will most likely have to pay a parking meter . The meters in Baltimore usually accept credit cards .
50 copies of the silk screened poster below will be for sale at the Ottobar Pre-Fest show on Wednesday .
New Info For This Year
This year the Sonar venue , now dubbed the Paparazzi Nightclub , will have nothing to do with the festival . The main festival grounds with the big outdoor stages and headlining acts will be in the lot that served as the main parking lot for last year 's fest . There will again be bands , mostly hardcore and grind , playing at the Baltimore SoundStage on Friday through Sunday . You may recall Baroness scheduling a tour date at Rams Head Live during last year 's MDF . That wo n't be an issue this year as Rams Head has become the late night venue for Friday through Sunday , and the sole venue hosting bands on the first day of MDF . In addition , the Sidebar had several bands playing unofficial side-shows last year while this year they will be hosting several bands as part of Maryland Deathfest . You can get into the Sidebar to see any of these bands for free while MDF is running .
There will be a shaded area with several picnic tables for people to rest their legs at somewhere in between the two main stages at the Edison Lot .
Backpacks are permitted at all venues however if you enter Rams Head Live with a backpack you will have to leave it at the coat check . I am assuming this will cost a few dollars , probably not more than $ 5 .
It has been suggested by MDF staff that if you 're posting to Twitter and/or Instagram that you use the hashtag # marylanddeathfest in your posts
There will be a few bands doing meet & greets at MDF and it does not cost extra to participate , though you will probably have to stand in line some . The schedule for this has n't been released yet but I will post it when it becomes available . So far the confirmed bands for the meet & greets are : At the Gates , Candlemass , Uncle Acid & The Deadbeats , Taake , Sólstafir and Asphyx . There may be more bands added to that list as well .
Good To Know For Every Year
BRING AND WEAR EAR PLUGS
Re-entry is OK once you get your wristband . Wear comfortable shoes , sunglasses and try to bring a cheap parka in case it rains . You 'll be doing a lot of standing and walking so dress accordingly . Maryland can get very hot and humid this time of year so be careful wearing all black and drinking and moshing in the sun all day , stay hydrated . Crowd surfing is very much tolerated at MDF so if you do n't like being kicked in the head repeatedly , do n't get up front . Also , bring some sunscreen , not only will it keep you from getting burnt but you want to keep those tattoos from getting sun faded ! Cameras , including DSLR cameras , are permitted and you can shoot video too , however be aware that the closer you get to the stage the more rowdy the crowd can get , including moshing , circle pits and crowd surfers . At Maryland Deathfest pretty much every band will start a mosh pit , even more “ laid back ” bands that you would n't expect this from like say Agalloch . The guy tearing it up in the mosh pit and wearing a full body chicken suit is known locally as the Chicken Man . He 's a local legend and comes to tons of the area 's metal shows to get mosh pits started and keep them going . He 's a real trooper and pretty friendly if you want to talk to him .
Bring cash ! There will be a ton of vendors with tons of rare and obscure vinyl , CDs , merch , patches and all kinds of other stuff . There will be ATMs on site but I 'm sure they will have long lines and shitty service fees so stop by the bank before you head up . Some of the stuff you 'll see will be Maryland Deathfest exclusives , and some of it will just be so rare you 'll probably never find it anywhere again anyways . Maryland Deathfest will have a booth with its own merch for sale at the festival ( see it here ) including t-shirts , pullover hoodies and women 's tanks . Preorders are now closed for the official MDF merch . This year MDF has a couple designs that incorporate some of Baltimore 's culture such as an Edgar Allan Poe mash up design and a “ metal ” crab design , as well as more traditional designs with zombies and such . Warlord Clothing will have a limited edition silk screen poster again this year that will be available for purchase at their booth ( shown below ) . There is also a brand-new book out by Jason Netherton ( of Misery Index and ex-Dying Fetus ) titled Extremity Retained : Notes From The Death Metal Underground which is a 480 page book on the history of death metal as told by dozens of the musicians themselves . The list of contributors is too long to list here but you can check out the details ( and preorder it for MDF pick up ) by going here . The book will be available for purchase at the Handshake Inc booth .
Here is the list of non-food vendors :
Acid Queen Jewelry , Bazillion Points , Black Mess , Century Media Records , ChopoBrujos , Crucial Blast Records , Dave 's Metal , Deathgasm Records , Decibel Magazine , Deepsend Records , The End Records , Five Point Records , F.O.A.D . Records , Forever Plagued Records , Handshake Inc. , Haunted Hotel , Hell 's Headbangers , Helveta Vyotlag , Hype Ignition Printing , IndieMerch , JSR Direct , Largactyl Records , Lock and Shock , Mexico Steel , Old Cemetery Records , Pizza Party Printing , Relapse Records , Salvation Distro , Season Of Mist Records , Sevared Records , Sunflower Glass Company , Unholy Anarchy Records , Useless Christ Records , Utterly Somber Creations , Vienna Music Exchange and Warlord Clothing .
Bands often bring their own merch to Maryland Deathfest as well . Popular bands , or just those making a rare appearance , can and will often sell out of their items early . Some bands will have their merch at the same booth selling all the official Maryland Deathfest gear . Many bands are often playing MDF as part of a tour and will take their merch with them after the day they play so check back each day for new arrivals ( and if you see something from a band that you want , do n't wait , get it while it 's there ) . Other bands will have their own merch tables set up and a few others will have their merch available at their record label 's booth ( assuming their label has a booth of course ) . There are always a few MDF exclusive items . I do n't know what they will all be ( I 'll walk around and post photos of them though so be sure to follow DCHM on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram ) however I 'll add updates at the end of this post as I find that information out . For now I can tell you that both Necros Christos and The Ruins Of Beverast will have exclusive MDF shirts for sale , which you can see below .
And this year there will also be free copies of the black & white official Maryland Deathfest Program found near the entrance . The booklet features bios of the bands playing this year 's Deathfest , a map of the venues , a schedule and Black Mess Records ' guide to Baltimore . It makes for some good reading if you 've got a few minutes of downtime . You can see what the cover looks like below so keep an eye out for it .
There is also plenty of on-site food at Maryland Deathfest . I highly recommend Zombie BBQ but there are plenty of options for everyone including various ethnic , vegetarian and vegan options as well . If that 's not enough be sure to check the custom Google map I made ( at the top of this post ) which includes stuff outside the festival grounds like restaurants , record stores , liquor stores and convenience stores .
Updates
I 'll be adding updates to this post throughout the fest once it starts . Expect to see photos of food vendor prices as well as images of exclusive merch . Be sure to check back here before you head to Maryland Deathfest to help you get an idea of what to expect , and of course you can follow me on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram which I 'll be updating from my phone .
The most metal seamstresses at Kylla Custom Rock Wear will have 10 unique handmade MDF vests for sale at the official Maryland Deathfest merch booth . They look pretty bad ass ( and will be available in sizes S – XL ) . They 'll even sew on any patches you buy at MDF onto the vest for you if you purchase one , how fucking cool is that ? More details when you click on the below image .
Relapse Records will have two booths with merch ( one at the Edison lot , one at the SoundStage ) and they 've released the short video below showcasing their wares at MDF .
I saw Ulcerate on Wednesday night and I shot a photo of their set list which you can view here if you 'd like a preview of what they may be playing Sunday . They were incredible !
Unfortunately both Aeternus and Mitochondrion could not get into the US so they will not be playing MDF . Bolzer will be playing an additional set Friday ( presumably during the time Aeternus would have played ) at Rams Head Live . For more details read the official statement by Maryland Deathfest here .
MDF has posted details about meet & greets , which reads as follows :
Signs up for Meet & Greets start Saturday morning at the MDF Merch Tent ( Edison Lot ) when gates open ( Sat , 11am & Sun 12pm )
At the Gates : Sign up @ 11am , Saturday for 2-3pm Meet & Greet
My Dying Bride & Uncle Acid : Sign up Sunday @ 12pm , 5-6pm Meet & Greet
Signings at the Century Media Tent ( Edison Lot )
At the Gates – 7-8pm Friday
Asphyx- 4-5pm Saturday
Candlemass and Solstafir will be taking part in the Meet & Greet – stay tuned for specific times .
Below is a photo of the food menu at Rams Head Live . Below that are photos of the beer selection ( I highly recommend the Dominion Oak Barrel Stout , the one with the deer on the tap ) . All beers at RHL , from cheap beer to craft , are the same price , $ 7 . So do n't think buying a Bud Light saves you any cash , get something good !
Maryland Deathfest also has a few more items for sale at their merch booth that does n't including a beanie hat and a Baltimore Ravens parody shirt , check them out below .
Below are photos I shot at the Edison Lot of beer and food menus and prices . Note that a 12oz can of beer costs the same as a 16oz cup .
Here 's photos of some more exclusive merch at MDF for the bands Dark Angel , At The Gates and Sacrifice .
Here are the food and alcohol prices for the Baltimore SoundStage venue . The craft beers are only available at the bar to the left of the main stage . It should be noted that the Snake Dog IPA is being sold at the SoundStage for $ 8 but the main Edison lot has it for just $ 6 .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Reddit
More
Pinterest
Google
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
May 20 , 2014
Categories : Baltimore Soundstage , Maryland Deathfest , Ottobar , Rams Head Live . Tags : Maryland Deathfest , Maryland Deathfest XII , MDF . Author : Metal Chris
4 Comments
Comments RSS TrackBack Identifier URI
An allergic reaction is the most common adverse event , but the girls also suffer “ other unusual events ” , and rashes , pain and swelling , fevers , seizures or convulsions , or severe diarrhea .
The extent of the reactions to the vaccine—designed to protect against cervical cancer—has been uncovered by Canadian researchers , who looked at what happened to 195,270 girls who had been given an average of three doses of the vaccine . Of these , 958 needed hospital treatment and 19,321 visited an emergency clinic within 42 days of immunization .
The rates could be higher still , as the researchers were able to track only those cases where the girl went to hospital .
Bizarrely , the researchers from the University of Calgary gave the vaccine a clean bill of health , and considered it safe , because they were looking for cases of venous thromboembolism ( VTE ) —where dangerous blood clots form—which had been linked to the HPV . Just four of the girls suffered a VTE after they were vaccinated , but three had other health issues that could have caused the problem .
Bianca del Rio : Adore 's other big contribution of the week was that she really cracked the outer shell of Bianca 's bitch routine . Not that it was all that difficult to see the actual human being underneath Bianca 's constant stream of shade , but Adore drew an arrow to it : Bianca 's that girl who says she hates you and does n't want to hug but she loves you anyway . Enough of this mushy crap , though . Bianca has a whole Lil ' Mama thing happening in the music video , and her caftan realness is the class of this week 's runway . She still seems like the best bet to win this whole season .
Joslyn Fox : Joslyn has snuck up on us this competition If this were early-seasons Survivor , Joslyn would be the the Colleen or Elisabeth : someone that is adorable , likable , seemingly not a threat but could win the whole thing if they make it to the finals because everyone likes them . Queens , if you are not coming for Joslyn Fox , you are making a huge mistake .
Verses
Darienne Lake : Previously , we fretted that Darienne 's interview-room sniping at Milk might foretell a descent into Delta Work-style bitterness . Now that Darienne has started to come for Ben de la Creme ( who coincidentally is coming off of a challenge win that put her at the head of the pack ) , it seems more and more likely that when Darienne is threatened , she retreats to the shade . It was enough to help her win the library mini-challenge but not enough to rescue her piss-poor hip-hop skills . Calling DeLa stuck up wo n't erase those twin glares of failure from Eve and Trina , Miss Darienne .
Ben De La Creme : We are split on this one . Joe still likes DeLa , but I ( Alex ) think De La is stating to come off a bit smug . That in-character exchange with an out of character Darienne Lake just rubbed me all kinds of wrong . Perhaps it 's the Lake effect , but I do n't think her Maggie Smith was as great as De La thinks it is . Nevertheless , DeLa is very talented , probably is going to be the final four , and is forever destined to bother me until the end of the season .
Courtney Act : We 've said it before , so we 're glad Ru is echoing our sentiments : Courtney is resting on pretty . If there 's anything we ca n't abide , it 's a queen who relies on pretty .
Bottoms
Laganja Estranja : You could see this coming a mile away . What 's the one challenge you 'd expect Laganja to try WAAAAY too hard at and ultimately fail at miserably ? The library is open ! Surely , the words you want to hear after you 're finished supposedly slaying your competition are not `` Thank you , Dr . Seuss . ''
Trinity K. Bonet : Trinity has a lot of sob stories . She has HIV , has mom that has had some health problems , and at times , seems like one of the most vulnerable people on the show . Everyone wants to root for Trinity . The hard part is that Trinity has tried her very best to come off as whiny , and it 's overruling our kinder impulses .
Milk : It 's useless to cry over spilt out-lipsynched Milk . So , instead we will just say that Milk out of drag is the most attractive man this show has ever seen ( hopefully this counts for something ? ) :
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
VICTORIA — Political staff deliberately destroyed internal records about the Highway of Tears to prevent them from becoming public , alleges a former employee .
Tim Duncan , a former executive assistant to Transportation Minister Todd Stone , said he was ordered to delete files in November , after the Opposition NDP filed freedom of information request for any records on the issue .
When he hesitated , Duncan said a more senior official in Stone 's office physically took away his computer keyboard and deleted the emails over his objections .
Duncan 's claims , revealed in the legislature Thursday , prompted Information and Privacy Commissioner Elizabeth Denham to launch an investigation into what she deemed “ serious allegations of destruction of records by individuals ” in Stone 's office .
Stone said he was unaware of the problems within his own ministry until they were raised in the legislature Thursday .
“ As minister , I expect the staff who work in my office to adhere 100 per cent to the requirements of the applicable legislation , ” he said .
Stone 's ministerial assistant , who allegedly took the keyboard from Duncan , was suspended with pay Thursday , pending the outcome of Denham 's review .
The deleted emails and documents related to how the B.C . government consulted with northern communities and First Nations leaders last year to try to improve safety along the Highway of Tears .
Duncan said he 's not sure what information was contained in the emails because he only saw the subject lines before they were deleted .
When he questioned the appropriateness of the actions in a conversation with the B.C . Liberal caucus research director he said he was told , “ It 's like in the West Wing . You do whatever it takes to win . ”
Duncan was fired in March .
Eighteen girls and women were murdered or went missing along the Highway of Tears , in northern B.C. , between 1969 and 2006 .
A renewed RCMP investigation was launched in 2005 , but has resulted in only one of the cases being solved .
A missing women commission of inquiry in 2010 made dozens of recommendations for change , including a publicly funded shuttle bus on Highway 16 to connect the remote northern communities . The government has refused to fund the bus service .
The government was criticized last year after officials met with only four aboriginal women during the consultation process . Ministry officials said they asked 32 First Nations communities and chiefs between Prince Rupert and Prince George for meetings , but only 13 replied .
Wilf Adam , chief of the Lake Babine Nation in Burns Lake , located between Prince George and Prince Rupert along Highway 16 , said the possible deletion of records bothers him because they could have contained information that would have benefited his community .
He wondered , though , if they were destroyed to hide the fact the government has done little to respond to high-profile recommendations to improve safety along Highway 16 .
“ Anything like that is a big concern , ” he said . “ Maybe they deleted that stuff because there was nothing there . ”
Adam challenged the government 's stance that Hwy . 16 is safer today , noting he recently gave a ride to two women who were hitchhiking on the long , isolated road where there is poor cellular coverage and few public transit options .
“ It is still happening because I picked up a couple myself . I asked them why they are doing this , and it all comes down to economics . They do n't have the money for transportation . ”
Gladys Radek , the aunt of Tamara Chipman , who was last seen on Sept. 21 , 2005 hitchhiking on Hwy . 16 outside Prince Rupert , was also outraged by the potential destruction of government documents about this case .
“ I am so choked . Why are they doing this ? ” asked Radek , who has spent the last decade raising awareness about her niece and the other victims on the Highway of Tears list .
“ To me it is obvious that they have a huge coverup going on with no answers for a decade for my family and no actions or implementing any of the recommendations . ”
The government is required by law to archive emails , documents and other records related to its programs and policies , under the Freedom of Information Act . Staff are allowed to delete day-to-day records and inconsequential emails called “ transitory ” records .
But political staff are increasingly taking records they do n't like , making them transitory and deleting them themselves , Duncan said .
“ Some of these guys have 3,000 to 4,000 emails on their computers and what they do is when ( an FOI ) request comes in they just delete the emails that are being asked about , ” he said .
The Opposition has frequently attacked the Liberal government in recent months for the number of FOI requests returned with no records , accusing the government of deleting its paper trail .
NDP leader John Horgan said this most recent case “ fits the pattern ” seen in previous reports by the privacy commissioner 's office , which have noted that government officials use a predominantly “ oral culture ” to avoid writing things down that could later become public .
“ It 's standard operating procedure for the B.C . Liberals to remove documents , rather than share them with the public , ” he said .
rshaw @ vancouversun.com
lculbert @ vancouversun.com
Click here to read Tim Duncan 's complaint
Tim Duncan 's letter about the destruction of FOI documents
===
Click here to report a typo or visit vancouversun.com/typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . CLICK HERE or go to vancouversun.com/moretothestory
Geaux Tigers !
LSU ( 1 ) Beats Bama ( 2 )
The Tiger 's big game of the season is out of the way . Will Occupy Baton Rouge be able to make some headway with the students at LSU ?
As the Occupy Wall Street movement continues , similar Louisiana rallies have drawn attention to the movement for many at the University , but some remain in the dark .
Nearly four out of 10 Americans now support the Occupy movement , according to the Pew Research Center . More than 1,000 American adults were surveyed , and 35 percent said they do not support Occupy action .
Young Americans have played a significant role in the national movement because many of the issues addressed by protesters concern higher education .
The American Association of University Professors joined last month when the national organization endorsed the movement . A statement on the AAUP website cited state cuts to higher education and increased tuition for students as reasons for supporting Occupy protesters .
Ravi Rau , physics and astronomy professor and president of the LSU AAUP chapter , said the endorsement makes sense because the AAUP believes in the same principles of higher education as Occupy protesters .
Rau called the endorsement a “ general backing ” of the issues being raised .
He said many of the issues , like increasingly high student debt and less state government support , are relevant to college students and should be important to them , especially at the University .
The Louisiana Legislature has made many cuts , and raising tuition should be a concern for University students , he said .
Rau said he personally supports the movement and attended the first Occupy Baton Rouge rally at the State Capitol Building on Oct. 22 .
But students have mixed opinions on the movement .
Many actions Occupy protesters have taken have been chastised by much of the general public , said AndrewWegmann , history graduate student . He said he disagrees with the movement .
Emma Allain , mechanical engineering senior , said she agrees with the Occupy belief that large corporations have too much power but thinks they are a “ necessary evil . ”
“ Without corporate America , America would n't be America , ” Allain said .
She said there are definite flaws in the government and financial systems , but Occupy protesters are getting in the way more than they are being helpful .
Electrical engineering junior Rachel Champagne said protesters ' frustrations are misguided .
Champagne said the movement should target politicians rather than corporations because politicians have the power to raise taxes and cut funding .
Many students said they did not know much about the movement , with some mentioning they heard or read about Occupy rallies but were not interested in learning more about them .
Source : LSU Daily Reveille
By : Brian Sibiller
____
Contact Brian Sibille at bsibille @ lsureveille.com
SUNSET ON MARS
On May 19th , 2005 , NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit captured this stunning view of the Sun sinking below the rim of Gusev crater on Mars . This Panoramic Camera ( Pancam ) mosaic was taken around 6:07 in the evening of the rover 's 489th Martian day , or sol . Spirit was commanded to stay awake briefly after sending that sol 's data to the Mars Odyssey orbiter just before sunset . This small panorama of the western sky was obtained using Pancam 's 750-nanometer , 530-nanometer and 430-nanometer color filters . This filter combination generates false-color images that are similar to what a human would see , but with the colors slightly exaggerated .
In this image , the bluish glow in the sky above the Sun would be visible to us if we were there , but an artifact of the Pancam 's infrared imaging capabilities is that with this filter combination , the redness of the sky farther from the sunset is exaggerated compared to the daytime colors of the Martian sky .
Because Mars is farther from the Sun than the Earth is , the Sun appears only about two-thirds the size that it appears in a sunset seen from the Earth . The terrain in the foreground is the rock outcrop “ Jibsheet ” , a feature that Spirit has been investigating for several weeks . The floor of Gusev crater is visible in the distance , and the Sun is setting behind the wall of Gusev some 80 kilometers ( 50 miles ) in the distance . [ Source ]
via NASA : Earth Observatory
The Friends star Matthew Perry and the British newspaper columnist Peter Hitchens have clashed over drugs policy , with Perry calling his opponent 's questioning of the existence of drug addiction `` as ludicrous as saying Peter Pan is real '' .
The pair were part of a debate on specialist courts – in which former addicts sit as lay magistrates dealing with abuse-related crimes – on the BBC 's Newsnight programme on Monday night .
Arguing in favour of their use , Perry said : `` I know that they work . People that go through drug court have a 55 % less chance of ever seeing handcuffs ever again . ''
Reading on mobile ? Watch the Newsnight debate here
But fighting the opposite corner , the journalist and anti-drug campaigner Peter Hitchens railed against the idea and what he described as the `` fantasy of addiction '' .
`` You are making a point that is as ludicrous as saying Peter Pan is real , '' said Perry , who reached fame as the sitcom character Chandler Bing and has battled addiction .
At one point Perry referred to the Mail on Sunday columnist as `` Santa '' and told him to `` read something other than your book '' in reference to Hitchens 's essay The War We Never Fought : The British Establishment 's Surrender To Drugs .
Asked if he disagreed with the medical profession 's designation of addiction as a disease , Hitchens responded : `` The medical profession is constantly doing extraordinary things . The American Psychiatric Association said for years homosexuality was a disease – they were wrong . ''
Peter Hitchens Photograph : David Levene for the Guardian
Hitchens , who has previously debated drugs policy with the comedian and former heroin addict Russell Brand , countered that more people had taken illegal substances since possession was effectively made legal . `` This is a very serious subject and you treat it with immense levity , '' he told Perry .
`` The policy which you so smugly and loftily advocate , this policy has led to disaster in western countries for decades . '' After the heated debate , the Newsnight editor Ian Katz tweeted that he had dispatched a producer to take Perry and Hitchens out of the building through different exits .
More on drugs policy
Reclassifying ketamine is more fiddling while the crack pipe burns
Drugs unlimited : how I created my very own legal high
Why ending the war on drugs will cut crime
The government 's plan to curb drug-driving is a car crash
Saliha Sultan searches in vain for the family car among mounds of charred car skeletons and mangled trucks blocking roads in parts of Iraq 's Mosul retaken from jihadists .
Vehicles of all shapes and colours -- in varying condition -- fill the streets of the northern city as Iraqi forces battle to retake its last western districts from the Islamic State group .
Tens of thousands of civilians have fled Mosul since anti-IS fighters backed by a US-led coalition launched the battle to retake the city in October .
As she searches for the family pick-up truck with her neighbour , Sultan is one of many Iraqis now returning home to find their vehicles are nowhere to be seen .
`` We parked it near the house and left ... but when we returned , it was n't there , '' said the 40-year-old , dressed in a purple and brown overcoat .
`` I do n't know who took it , '' she said of the car her family left in their west Mosul district of Haramat when they fled fighting in March .
All around recaptured Mosul neighbourhoods , wrecked cars , windowless buses and upturned trucks block the thoroughfares , while empty yellow taxis sit abandoned by the road .
Near homes now abandoned by fleeing civilians , parked cars are covered in dust and rubble , some devoid of windows shattered in the fighting .
Umm Kamal , another returning Haramat resident in her forties , said she had no idea where her family 's car has disappeared to either .
She and her family left the car near their home when they escaped as clashes intensified last month , but a few weeks later it has vanished .
`` We reported it to the security forces , and we hope they will bring it back to us , '' she said .
`` My children worked for 15 years to be able to buy it , '' said Umm Kamal .
Abu Nashmi , a 31 year-old member of the security forces , said he and colleagues have helped to reunite several families with their cars .
'Rather my car than my family '
Iraqis are hunting for their family cars in Mosul areas retaken from the Islamic State group , but many -- like these in the western district of Zanjili on June 7 , 2017 -- have been damaged in the fighting ( photo by : KARIM SAHIB/AFP )
`` Many families are complaining about their cars having gone missing , burnt or stolen by IS , '' he said .
`` Sometimes , we find cars parked in the parking lots of other people 's houses , '' he said .
`` If there 's data available , we contact their owners and ask them to come and take them . ''
Rami al-Tamimi , a first lieutenant with the Rapid Response forces fighting IS , said jihadists often used abandoned cars to defend themselves against advancing Iraqi troops .
`` Daesh would gather cars from the streets , trying to block our progress '' with improvised road barriers , he said , using an Arabic acronym for IS .
And they would `` burn them to block the view of reconnaissance drones , as well as Iraqi and coalition planes , '' he said .
In areas they had retreated from , `` they rigged cars and trucks with explosives to detonate them remotely as we advanced '' , he added .
Near the Haramat neighbourhood , a large barrier of cars stacked one on top of the other cuts across the main road .
Abu Hassan , a 40-year-old businessman , said vehicles left behind by fleeing civilians were used `` as a defence line between the army and Daesh during the fighting '' .
`` IS burned some of these cars as revenge against owners who did not pledge allegiance '' after it overran the city in 2014 , Abu Hassan said .
But after Iraqi forces launched their assault to retake the IS bastion , the jihadists `` turned a large number of the cars into car bombs , and burned others to obstruct the view of warplanes '' .
On their side , Iraqi `` military bulldozers worked to pile cars and trucks from the streets on top of each other , out of fear of car bombs and to block any attack by Daesh '' .
Mosul civilians also helped , Tamimi said .
`` A large number of families helped the army by parking their car in the middle of the road to cut it off from IS , '' the officer said .
`` We heard many say , 'Rather my car than my family ' . ''
Tomorrow , the House of Lords will debate Labour 's proposed amendment to the children and families bill , a piece of legislation that would result in compulsory sex and relationships education being taught in all English schools . It is , I believe , a matter of some urgency , not only because Labour says that violence in teenage relationships is increasing , but also because of the many ways in which online porn 's dominance is affecting sexual relationships and behaviour in the real world . You might say that this is not the case , of course . The links have not yet been convincingly drawn , and until they are , it 's my word against yours . So here they are : my words .
In the last couple of years I have spent much of my time talking to young women , about their hopes for the future , about the things that make them angry or sad or frustrated , and porn is something that crops up again and again . `` I 'm so sick of it , '' some girl or other will rage , after a talk , a large glass of warm white wine in her hand , and she 'll tell her story . It will vary in the details , but the bare bones are always the same . She 'll have been asked to do something in bed that she was uncomfortable with , and she wo n't have had the language or the confidence to refuse . This is if the guy 's especially polite , by the way . Sometimes they do n't bother to ask .
`` Do you think porn influences the way men behave towards you ? '' I 'll ask . `` Absolutely , '' they always say . I have come to realise that having concerns about pornography is not merely an attitude symptomatic of a kind of puritan , conservative hysteria ; it 's something that young women are worrying about on a regular basis , because they are living it . Sexually active , bright , independent young women , doing things they do n't want to do in bed , and then crying about it afterwards .
`` It 's clear that porn is having an effect , '' says one . `` I mean , when a guy asks to come in your hair , he 's not thought that up by himself . He 's got that from somewhere . '' Last year , HBO 's Girls , a series followed by its young female audience with a kind of religious fervour , contained a scene where the male character has his girlfriend crawl along the floor , before he ejaculated on her back . `` Been there , '' said a friend , while watching it .
It 's all anecdotal , of course , which is why we need a massive , nationwide investigation , and we need it right now . But even more urgently , we need sex education . Proper , cohesive , sex education . Because at the moment , the only place young people can easily learn about sex is on the internet , and internet pornography does skirt around certain sexual essentials . Consent , for instance , tends to be a grey area .
Here is why we need sex education : we need sex education because ( some ) men are asking for anal sex on the first date . This is fact . If you do not believe it , then I 'm afraid , you simply have n't spoken to enough women in their 20s . We need sex education , because ( some ) men seem to think sex ends with him ejaculating on your breasts , or in your hair , or in your face . We need sex education because of a practice called `` seagulling '' , a boarding school import ( what else ? ) that has spread to some university halls of residence . It involves a group of guys standing outside a mate 's door while he has sex with a girl , and then bursting in and ejaculating over her , all at once . We need sex education because women are telling me they 're fed up of being told they 're a `` bitch '' or a `` dirty little whore '' or a `` slut '' in bed . That they need to be `` violated '' or `` ruined '' . We need sex education because I have lost count of the number of times that young women have told me that their boyfriend or sex partner has placed his hands around their neck and tried to choke them during sex .
Of course , you may be a woman , and you may enjoy all of these things and more . Human sexuality is varied and fluid and experimentation is to be encouraged . The feminists of the 1960s held that sexual freedom was key to the liberation of women . I believe that . But it 's clear to anyone who 's out there sleeping with men , the sexual landscape has changed , and under no circumstances can it be called freedom . So often these experiences are recounted with a laugh , or a derisive snort : these men ( not all men , it 's never all men , but it 's enough of them ) are the butt of a joke . Outside the bedroom , their female sexual partners look down on them and their `` weird '' urges and requests ; inside , they are expected to submit .
Sex education is not simply about teaching women how to say `` no '' when men are taught to say `` yes '' , it 's about showing both genders what a healthy relationship looks like . It 's about teaching them how to recognise consent , and that consent can be withdrawn at any time , and that it is not , always , verbal . Some interviews with young men have revealed much confusion on this point – porn has taught some of them that resistance is a kind of foreplay : it is n't . Good sex education means having someone explain this to them without blushing or stuttering , in language that they understand , without the need for a cartoon of a dancing condom . Good sex education does not stop at the mechanics .
Porn in and of itself is not the problem ; after all , it 's just people , having sex , on a screen , sometimes not especially convincingly . No , porn is not the problem : it 's the complete and utter absence of any other narrative that is , and the disappointing failure of our government to provide one .
DAVAO CITY—Leading presidential candidate Davao City Mayor Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday morning hit the media for sensationalism and for being biased .
READ : Duterte keeps wide lead ; Robredo , Marcos neck and neck
ADVERTISEMENT
During his interview at the late-night show of Pastor Apollo Quiboloy , Duterte cited the importance of truthful reporting and lamented how some media units picked-up “ garbage ” news thrown at him without verifying .
“ It was really wrong for them to adapt , it 's not even a yellow journalism , it 's [ garbage ] . They could have checked , they could have checked . That is the moral responsibility of publishers of newspapers . You have to check . Do not print garbage that are given to you for the sake of sensationalism , ” Duterte said .
He also hit a television network for supposedly slanting its news against him and even allowing the airing of a negative television ad against him .
“ I do n't know why they have to do it na ganun ( that way ) . They would not complete your story , ‘ pag ganun ( if it 's like that ) , i-cut tapos yung ipalabas [ di kumpleto ] , di naman niya sabihin na I was relating to something ( they cut it and they released it incompletely , they do n't even say whether I was relating to something ) , ” Duterte said .
“ They might pretend to take the moral stand but they do n't , ” he added .
The tough-talking mayor said some media groups “ pretend to be the moral torch of the country . ”
Asked about the state of press freedom during his administration , he said “ it will be expanded . ”
But he aired his lamentations on some members of the media .
“ My lamentation is that some people are abusive of their right . Para bang wala nang limit sa kanila ( it 's as if they have to limitations ) to destroy just because it is election time . Kung gusto nila ganun okay lang yun ( If they want it that way , then that 's okay ) but I would like to remind them that it is not good , ” Duterte said . CDG/rga
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Forget Christmas , the Steam sale is the real event of the holiday season , and PayPal UK has just revealed its start date .
So get ready to snap up some fantastic deals on December 22nd , where a big chunk of Steam 's catalogue will be heavily discounted .
The tweet was revealed in the embedded tweet below , which has to be shared to reveal the date .
We 've got the scoop on the @ steam_games # WinterSale . Tweet to reveal the start date ! https : //t.co/wEjLAft2n8December 19 , 2016
This is the best gaming mouse you can buy in 2016
Changing sales
Steam 's sales have changed a lot over the years . Previously the biggest discounts could be found in the store 's Daily and Flash sales , where games and bundles would be heavily discounted for just a few hours at a time .
However last year Valve ditched the process , meaning that once a game is discounted for the general sale , you 'll be able to buy it without worrying about a bigger discount coming at a later date .
It 's unlikely that Daily and Flash deals will return this year , especially since the change netted Valve more money than ever before in its Steam Summer Sale .
A year after a cyberattack at Cowboy 's Casino in Calgary breached the personal information of staff and customers , some of that stolen information showed up online .
In June 2016 , information of 14,294 patrons and staff was hacked . The Calgary casino alerted Alberta 's privacy commissioner and reached out to all affected customers , but on Sunday , the information resurfaced on the data-sharing website Pastebin .
`` Unfortunately , once that information was taken last year , although we 've taken every step we can to keep it out of the public realm , there 's no guarantee it 's ever going to be deleted , '' said general manager Tyrone Waite .
`` Our worst fear is it would become public . And it has . ''
The leaked information was accompanied by a note , warning the data dump was just the first and more would follow . The leaked information includes customer 's personal information and information on gambling habits and payouts .
`` The computer security at cowboys casino was non-existent and all data was ripe for the taking , '' read a note on the site . `` We asked cowboys casino to fix the [ gaping ] holes in their system but our request was ignored for over a year . ''
The online note said the information was released to urge the casino to `` take customer and employee privacy more seriously . ''
No further incidents
Waite said since the breach last year , Cowboys has had no further incidents and they have taken every step to ensure it does n't happen again .
`` We 're constantly upgrading , we 're upgrading every month and we 've gone through training with our staff . Unfortunately you 're just getting bigger and bigger screen doors , '' he said .
Cowboys are reaching out to affected customers once again to remind them their information is not secure .
Waite said they have been in contact with police over the matter .
`` It 's not just Cowboys Casino that 's had the issue , it 's a pretty widespread problem — not just in our industry , but in a lot of industries , '' he said .
On July 30 , 1866 , “ taking our country back ” left our country bloodied and scarred in a now-forgotten event called the New Orleans Massacre .
One of Reconstruction 's deadliest days started over the refusal to accept civil rights as a verdict of the Civil War and , more broadly , because whites left behind tried to turn back the clock with violence . The New Orleans Massacre left 48 men dead and over 200 injured , nearly all African Americans . The massacre was naked political violence , organized beforehand , and directed at black delegates to the Louisiana constitutional convention of 1866 . Attackers included policemen led by ex-Confederate Mayor John T. Monroe .
On a hot summer day , a gathering of over 200 African American New Orleanians marched to the Mechanic 's Institute ( now the Roosevelt Hotel on Canal Street and Roosevelt Way ) where 30 of them planned to take part in drafting a new state constitution that included the right to vote for all men .
Vowing to preserve law and order , Monroe directed police to block Canal Street . A scuffle broke out nearby , a black man was shot , and black veterans and police rushed to the scene . African American delegates pressed on to the Institute . Inside , Louisiana 's Republican Governor James Madison Wells and other delegates were preparing to surrender peaceably should the disruption continue .
But police opened fire instead . Some black delegates took refuge inside , and the mob surrounded the building . Some shot through windows , seemingly indiscriminately , until their bullets ran out . African American Union veterans struggled against their attackers with brickbats and broken chairs . “ We returned no shots from the Mechanic 's Institute at all , ” a witness told a Congressional investigator , “ all the shooting came from them. ” Delegates initially beat back the police storming the hall .
Attackers reloaded and reorganized , battering down doors and gunning down African Americans . “ I saw a colored man kneel down and pray to go out , ” a witness testified , “ the only reply the policeman made was , the click of a pistol , discharging a shot into his bowels. ” That delegate—a white physician—tried to escape too . He was beaten , shot , and “ stabbed in the region of the heart. ” The massacre spread as desperate black delegates and supporters fled bullets and clubs . Several blocks away from the Institute , an injured black man dragged himself into a gutter . “ A policeman took a club and beat his brains out. ” Attackers assaulted black bystanders . One African American was returning from paying his rent on Poydras Street “ a considerable distance from the Mechanic 's Institute , ” a witness said , when “ he was met by a white man , who , without any provocation whatever , took his hatchet and felled him to the ground , cleaving his skull. ” Some surrendering delegates were taken to jail . Others made it to hospitals and residences for first aid . Late in the afternoon federal troops arrived to restore order .
None of the attackers were charged , but the massacre sent a shockwave to Washington , D.C. , putting a gruesome head on a tortuous process of reunion . It came just 10 weeks after the Memphis Massacre killed more than 46 African Americans , burning several black neighborhoods , and terrorizing the city 's black residents . It need not have turned out that way .
Louisiana was a laboratory for Reconstruction in wartime . Union forces captured New Orleans in April , 1862 , early in the war , and President Abraham Lincoln was optimistic about planting the Republican Party in new soil and growing moderate reunion policies there . Louisiana seemed fertile ground . It was the most urban southern state with a vibrant and diverse population including African-descended Creoles many of whom were middle class . Late in 1863 , Lincoln ordered military governor ( and former U.S. House Speaker ) Nathaniel P. Banks to “ give us a free-state re-organization of Louisiana , in the shortest possible time. ” Early in 1864 General Banks ordered new elections for state offices and constitutional convention delegates . Louisiana 's 1852 constitution , amended in 1861 to pledge allegiance to the Confederacy , needed to be scrapped . Banks beamed that a new constitution would abolish slavery “ with the general consent of the people ” rather than by the wartime Emancipation Proclamation , which left out 13 Union-occupied parishes .
Lincoln 's approach was moderate , aimed at drawing in Unionists and former enslavers , and downplaying civil rights for African Americans . Slavery was over . But African Americans gained nothing else . In Louisiana , formerly enslaved people were forced to sign year-long labor contracts with former owners . Supposedly protected from whippings , they nevertheless returned to work in slave-like conditions . And when elections were held in 1864 , voting was restricted to white males who swore a loyalty oath . Ex-Confederates could vote so long as they took the oath ; black Unionists and even veterans could not . That arrangement brought in moderates like 33-year-old Michael Hahn , a German immigrant and former enslaver .
Hahn joined the Republican Party and served as Louisiana 's first Unionist representative before being elected governor in February 1864 . Lincoln wrote Hahn asking for some concessions on black voting rights . “ I barely suggest for your private consideration , ” the president wrote , “ whether some of the colored people may not be let in—as , for instance , the very intelligent , and especially those who have fought gallantly in our ranks . They would… help… keep the jewel of liberty within the family of freedom. ” But that jewel needed to be cut and polished , Hahn shrugged . African Americans would not be included .
The 1864 Louisiana constitution was a victory for moderates . It abolished slavery with no compensation to owners . ( Whether to compensate those formerly enslaved was not discussed . ) It provided for free public education for all Louisianans 6 to 18 , set minimum wages of public employees , and established the state capital at New Orleans . But it also denied black men the ballot box , leaving it open to future legislators to decide the issue . White Louisiana voters adopted it by more than a 4 to 1 margin . Meanwhile , Louisiana 's 14 delegates to the Republican Convention voted unanimously for Lincoln 's re-nomination ( and ultimately supported Andrew Johnson of Tennessee for vice president ) . Lincoln supported the compromise constitution , but it was undermined by Radicals in Congress . Abolitionist Senator Charles Sumner of Massachusetts filibustered it , arguing that black voting rights were essential . Congressional Republicans refused to seat representatives elected under it .
Moderates ' optimism was sunk after Lincoln 's assassination in April , 1865 , replaced by President Andrew Johnson 's opportunism . The war was over , Confederates surrendered , and the Thirteenth Amendment abolishing slavery was undergoing ratification . But instead of traveling Lincoln 's road to backing black civil rights , President Johnson built a bridge back to the antebellum South . In 1865 Hahn resigned the governorship to take his seat in the U.S. Senate , but as Johnson pardoned ex-Confederates the Democratic Party came roaring back . Its 1865 Louisiana convention resolved : “ we hold this to be a Government of white people , made and to be perpetuated for the exclusive benefit of the white race ; and… that people of African descent can not be considered as citizens of the United States . ”
Like Mississippi and South Carolina , old Rebels in the new Louisiana legislature passed Black Codes in 1865 and 1866 . Louisiana 's was a revision of the antebellum slave code with “ negro ” substituted for “ slave. ” Vagrancy and unemployment were criminalized . “ Every negro is required to be in the regular service of some white person , or former owner , who shall be responsible for the conduct of said negro , ” and “ impudence , swearing , or indecent language ” to white people were crimes .
To stem that tide of postwar reaction , Congressional Republicans went to war with their own president . They overrode Johnson 's vetoes of the Fourteenth Amendment guaranteeing equal protection of the laws and the Civil Rights Act of 1866 invalidating black codes . In Louisiana , the overwhelmingly ex-Confederate legislature clashed with Republican Governor Wells , a Unionist and former sugar planter . Wells was no Radical but decided that enfranchising black men was the best antidote to the conservative ascendancy .
The right to vote was becoming a matter of life and death as white citizens ' clubs became the nucleus for an armed white supremacist insurgency . Wells joined Radicals in reconvening the constitutional convention in New Orleans , delegates exploiting a loophole in the 1864 convention , which adjourned with a provision that it might reconvene at a future date to finish unfinished work .
African-descended Louisianans decided to participate whether invited or not . Black political activism was nothing new . In Virginia in 1865 , 1,000 Black voters in Norfolk turned away from the polls under that state 's constitutional exclusion registered their votes at houses of worship instead . They were not looking for handouts either . In Louisiana free black farmers formed co-ops to allocate credit to buy farmland , seed , and mules , running cotton and sugar farms . But they realized that a political solution was necessary in a state that was half African American .
And facing them that day was a force composed of many ex-Confederates whose main qualification for police work was dedication to the Lost Cause . African American New Orleanian Albert Pitman put it more bluntly . The metropolitan police “ were organized as ‘ thugs , ' ” he told investigators . The New Orleans Coroner agreed , saying that applicants were “ selected and put on the police because they were thugs ” who were committed white supremacists . And after losing the Confederacy , on July 30 they fought to take back their vision of their country .
The New Orleans Massacre forced Congress to militarize Reconstruction . Gone was any moderate solution . It woke the nation up to the fact that the Civil War was not really over . In March , 1867 , Congressional Republicans passed the Reconstruction Acts over President Johnson 's vetoes dividing the old Confederacy into five military districts and requiring each state to ratify the Fourteenth Amendment before readmission . Louisiana 's 1868 constitution enfranchised black men , disenfranchised ex-Confederates , and laid the groundwork for readmission . Yet even federal troops could not stem the tide of emerging white political violence , which reached its bloody apex in the 1873 Colfax Massacre of over 80 African Americans—perhaps many more—and a grim reminder that defeat did not change minds , and many whites fighting for a failed vision of America still saw no need to be reconstructed .
From the New York Democratic Lawyers Council : NYDLC is joining with elected officials and good-government advocates in Albany and New York City in support of much-needed election law reform . On Monday , New York Senate Democrats and the leaders of New York 's major good-government groups came together in support of a robust legislative overhaul package that , if enacted , would protect voting rights for eligible New York voters , modernize our election processes , and reduce unnecessary hurdles to participation in our democracy . NYDLC 's statement is included in the Senate Dems press release . This Wednesday at 10:30 AM , NYDLC members will join Attorney General Eric Schneiderman at Federal Hall in Manhattan , where the AG will discuss the findings of his Report on Voter Access in the 2016 Presidential Primary , detailing ways that New York 's election system erects significant barriers to voter access . The AG is proposing a comprehensive reform bill intended to simplify the voting process , boost voter registration , and expand voter turnout . The Senate Dems ' pro-voter “ Resistance Agenda ” includes several legislative priorities NYDLC has pursued for years , such as : Early Voting ( a topic NYDLC has worked on extensively )
Voter Empowerment Act ( includes automatic registration at gov't agencies )
Preventing deceptive practices and voter suppression
Repeal of the 10-day voter registration deadline
Prohibiting Election Districts from being split on and off college campuses In addition , the agenda includes other pro-voter priorities like modernizing our election processes ( eg . online registration ) , reducing hurdles to voting by affidavit ballot , harmonizing deadlines for changes of party enrollment with existing registration deadlines , and consolidating the Federal and State primaries dates . Top NYDLC priorities like youth voter pre-registration and registration portability are included in the Voter Empowerment Act . Blair Horner , ED of the New York Public Interest Research Group ( NYPIRG ) expressed a common refrain , explaining that “ New York 's woeful participation rates are worsened by state laws that create obstacles to voting . New York needs a sweeping response ; one that modernizes state voting laws with an eye toward making participation easier , not harder. ” The NY Senate Dems ' Policy Group released a Report highlighting the shocking state of voting in New York . As election monitors , NYDLC members will not be surprised to hear some of the “ shocking facts ” highlighted by the report , such as : New York 's voter turnout is among our nation 's worst and New York is 1 of 13 states that denies early voting to its citizens ! NYDLC 's goal remains as it has always been–to ensure that all eligible voters have a meaningful opportunity to cast a ballot free from difficulty or intimidation and have their ballots counted accurately . If you have not done so recently , please consider making a contribution to NYDLC ( click here ) to help sustain our important work .
Hey everyone !
Been thinking of doing something like this for a while , so here it is ! My first foray into writing ... more explicit material . If you 've seen the movie this is parodying , then yes , that scene . I 'm also hoping to see what would happen if the main character had a ... somewhat twisted personality . Still the same lovely Weiss though~
I have n't any experience with this , so any advice along the way would be helpful . So far the rating is T , though that will most likely change in the future once we get to those scenes . Hope I 'm doing this right .
Let 's enjoy this ride together !
Sinking of the White Rose
We thought she was unsinkable…
Chapter 1 : The Salvage
Weiss Schnee , formerly heiress , now CEO of the largest Dust refinery empire typed away on her computer , making sure everything was running as efficiently as possible . Certainly there were those under her who should be doing such menial tasks , but she often found that her methods were far superior and if she wanted something done right… well the old adage often held true .
The phone rang .
She spared a glance at the number and ignored it .
The phone rang .
She sighed exasperatedly as her fingers stopped tapping away at keys .
The phone rang .
Three times . She grimaced at the thought of picking up the phone . Perhaps if she ignored it , the caller would just give up ?
Silence .
She rubbed her cold hands together as an unnatural chilly reminder crept in , breathing into them to try and warm them up .
…
…
The phone rang .
Four . Four meant death , at least in some culture she was not very familiar with . With hesitation , she held the receiver to her ear .
`` Hello ? '' she greeted , wondering about the other end .
`` Why did n't you pick up sooner ? '' a thorny voice asked back .
`` I was busy , '' she answered truthfully . Yes , keep things simple and vague . Technically still true , but Weiss chalked up a lot of things to keeping busy like signing and overseeing documents in triplicate .
`` Uh-huh . '' Unconvinced . `` With things your underlings could do . ''
`` At least call them workers , '' she hissed . `` Or employees . '' She already had enough of people trying to smear mud on her company . She did n't need any more of it from her own home .
`` Not happening , '' came the flippant remark . She could almost hear the grin on the other side . `` Anyways , I want you back home early today , got it ? ''
Phrased as a question and no room for argument .
`` …did cousin red come visit… '' Weiss muttered under her breath ; before realizing one : it was impossible considering recent events and two : she just muttered it aloud .
`` What was that ? ''
`` Yes dear , '' Weiss sighed .
`` Good ! ''
A click , and the line dropped . Weiss stared at the receiver for a moment before shaking her head exasperatedly . The things she had to put up with…
Her hand unconsciously went to her side-ponytail , playing with her hair softly .
Deciding that since she was forced to place lesser qualified individuals to her tasks , she might as well go the full distance and take the day off . Of course , by 'day off ' , she meant scouring the news and seeing if any important events occur… like stock prices fluctuating .
As she flipped through the channels on the television set , her family 's crest caught her eye . An old , waterlogged and rusted safe bore the insignia , broadcasted on live TV .
`` We 're here at the Atlas Historical Museum . This , ladies and gentlemen , is one of the artifacts we 've managed to uncover from the infamous wreckage . We have n't been able to open it yet , but… . ''
Weiss did n't hear the rest as she was already out the door .
She did n't think that safe would ever have been recovered . And by all that was precious , she vowed that no one may ever see its contents .
Save for her , and one other .
Ten minutes was all it took for her driver to reach the museum ; when you controlled most of the world 's energy supplies , traffic laws tended not to apply .
Storming into the exhibit , her eyes glanced around and saw relics she had forgotten about . A reminder of her past . A past that led to her life today .
She burst into the room , just in time to hear the TV program 's title .
`` Sinking of the White Rose ''
So that 's chapter one , really just a prologue to set things up . The next chapter should be a bit beefier and out in a few days .
Now , while I have a few chapters planned and written out , the updates on this may be a bit more sporadic compared to my other story when we get to later chapters . Sorry ! Well , we 'll see . Heh , who knows ? You all might just motivate me to shift gears and crank this out faster since it should n't be more than 10 chapters long .
So leave a review , favorite , or alert if you 're interested or liking this story , or if there 's anything I can do to improve it . See you next time !
In response to President Trump 's executive order to start construction on a wall on the border between the United States and Mexico , Presidio Mayor John Ferguson gave this statement to CBS 7 :
`` President Trump 's executive order to construct a wall along our nation 's southern border is a short-sighted political move that will not stop illegal immigration , nor will it do the hard work of alleviating the causes of why people choose to make a dangerous trek to be in our country in the first place . Illegal immigration has been a part of the daily existence for those of us who reside on the border for quite some time . In the Texas Big Bend and in the deserts of northern Mexico , the choice to make the journey northward has often been tempered by unforgiving heat , mountainous terrain , and an extreme lack of water . Yet , many still choose to try and make it , but this portion of the border generally discourages large-scale movement of undocumented immigrants .
Many Texas state-elected officials also oppose building a border wall in the Texas Big Bend . The Rio Grande River 's course through this region was determined by geology , ultimately causing a south-flowing river to abruptly turn northward , then , eventually again back to the south . To consider constructing an unbroken barrier through the Big Bend , along the Rio Grande would be impossible because of the region 's naturally-occurring obstacles . In addition , the river is fed by many arroyos ( creeks ) that would require gaps in the wall structure to allow floodwater and debris to flow freely into the river after flash floods .
Then , of course , consider the blight on the landscape a border wall would cause in Texas ' last frontier : The Big Bend . Farm to Market ( FM ) 170 in Presidio is considered one of America 's great scenic river and desert drives . Lajitas Resort is built with the river and a breathtaking mountain backdrop as its essence . Santa Elena Canyon and Boquillas Canyon , both in Big Bend National Park show us the magnificent work of nature , and also how these landmarks are shared by two nations . Just a few years ago , the crossing to Boquillas del Carmen re-opened and is a safe , enjoyable part of any visit to Big Bend .
The story behind the story here is that the border wall does nothing to address why illegal immigration is occurring . Working on that problem is much more complex and seemingly of no interest to the present commander-in-chief .
Finally , the border is simply an imaginary line that separates two nations . In Presidio 's case , the border lies in the middle of the channel of the Rio Grande . On the other side are many relatives and friends of ours who live in Ojinaga , Mexico . The river merely runs through the middle of our two communities ; it brings us together .
I look forward to the day when the U.S. and Mexico can again celebrate what we have in common , as well as our differences . China built a wall to keep out invaders . The Berlin Wall was built to imprison those who lived inside it . The U.S. border wall is envisioned to keep out those whom we for years have lured here—for our enjoyment of cheap labor , and their chance to have a second chance . ''
Dear teachers ,
As a mom to a gaggle of kids , I 'm a little consumed this time of year . I 've spent hours at the store going over different school supplies lists and checking off stuff as I throw it in my cart . The total adds up in my head as I travel down each aisle , and I get a little sick to my stomach . I 'm well over my budget and have a full cart before I even get to the aisle with the lunchboxes . I do n't even want to think about packing lunches for the kids each morning , and I 'm exhausted just looking at the Pinterest posts on how all the good moms do it . I 'm praying that no one laughs at my kids when they pull out their Lunchables .
We have six kids in our home that we are sending off to school this year—five of whom are girls . Do you know what it takes mentally to school clothes-shop for five girls ? Aside from emptying our bank account at Target 's and Old Navy 's clearance sections , we also have to schedule eye doctor appointments for the teenagers because we fear they may have damaged their vision due to intense eye rolls .
My nights for the next nine months will be filled with trying to get dinner on the table at a decent hour while managing piles upon piles of forms I need to fill out , slips I need to turn in , meetings I need to attend , box tops I need to cut , and t-shirts I need to buy . And let 's not even talk about trying to find the lost library books that have completely vanished in the kids ' rooms .
Then there 's the emotional hit I 'll take when I drop my babies off with their new backpacks snugly hugging their bodies . I 'll quickly snap as many pictures as I can in an effort to catch this moment that will soon be gone forever . I 'll face an empty house when I return home , and while that can be a blessing for a few hours , it 's a quiet I have n't experienced in months . I 'll miss my babies when they 're gone . The upside is that I 'll have a clean house , if only for a few hours , and I 'll have few moments to just sit and breathe .
Bottom line , sweet teachers : school just started , and I 'm wiped out . I 'm a little sad , and my bank account is definitely a little lighter .
Then I see you .
I see that you 're dressed in your nicest outfit , which I have no doubt you carefully planned and possibly changed a time or two . Your makeup is fresh , and every hair on your head is perfectly placed . Your smile is beyond inviting , and I almost blush as I walk into your room .
I see that you 've gone all out . As I set my bags of supplies down on the desk , I see my child 's name written in the most beautiful handwriting , carefully added to her desk and sitting next to a princess cup to hold her pencils . Well done . I 'll admit that I 'm completely overwhelmed by your room . Seriously , where does one get all of those alphabet letters , addition and multiplication cards , tubs for literally everything , and adorable banner above your desk ? How many hours did you spend in this room before you decided it was ready ?
I see every detail you 've added to my child 's learning environment .
I see that you 've spent a good amount of your summer and almost all of your “ spare ” money making sure your classroom is a warm and inviting learning place for all the precious children who walk into it . I know you had a supplies list that was much longer than mine and carefully checked off each item as you put it in your cart , knowing that you were well over budget . I 'll bet your cart was full with teaching supplies before you even made it to the lunchbox aisle and that you pray the other teachers wo n't laugh at you when you pull out your Lunchable .
I see that the next nine months will be filled with trying to get dinner on the table at a decent hour while you manage piles upon piles of forms you need to fill out , slips you need to turn in , meetings you need to attend , box tops you need to count , and papers you need to grade . And let 's not even talk about trying to recover the lost library books that have n't made it back to school yet .
I see the emotions behind your pretty smile . You 've been anticipating these students since the bell rang on the last day of school last year . You eagerly awaited your class list and carefully went down and checked it out , name by precious name . Your classroom has sat empty for the past three months , and you 're excited to have it filled with tiny voices again . I see you patiently pose for pictures with each child as their parents fumble with their cameras , trying to focus through the tears . It will be a while before you get to just sit down in the quiet and take a deep breath , but I see you rejoice in that .
Bottom line , sweet teachers : school just started , and I 'll bet you 're wiped out and definitely a little lighter in the bank account ; but I see you . I see how hard you 've worked before the first day of school even started . I see that you chose this job not to get rich or famous . I see that you chose this job because you love it and the kids , and because you know that the sacrifices you 've made , money you 've spent , and hours you 've dedicated outside of that building are molding our younger generation to grow up to do big things .
Wonderful teachers , we 're in this together , and I see you .
Alamo City Moms Blog is a locally focused parenting website written BY San Antonio moms , FOR San Antonio moms and is part of the City Moms Blog Network . We are passionate about the San Antonio community and the moms who live here , and our goal is to make this big city that we all live in feel just a little bit smaller . By using both our website and various social media outlets , we are able to keep you up to date on family friendly activities around town , provide advice on parenting and motherhood , and encourage each of you to get out and explore all that our wonderful city has to offer ! Interested in learning more about us ? Get in touch with us here .
What does being part of City Moms Blog Network even mean or are you curious about our Sisterhood ?
Our Sister Sites are written and run BY local moms , FOR local moms . The City Moms Blog Network comes alongside these women to empower and enable them to make their passion their career !
As for our Sister Site Owners , well they are just like you – Moms ! We all come together with diverse backgrounds , life experience and motherhood journeys to support each other in creating online communities and resources unique to the cities in which we live .
Are you interested in joining our Sisterhood ? Learn more here .
Pizza Hut employee suspended for defending store in 'good old-fashioned gunfight '
Gun-loving states A Pizza Hut employee was recently suspended after fending off an intruder via a shootout . See 17 states that love guns more than Texas . Gun-loving states A Pizza Hut employee was recently suspended after fending off an intruder via a shootout . See 17 states that love guns more than Texas . Photo : Kevork Djansezian , Staff Photo : Kevork Djansezian , Staff Image 1 of / 25 Caption Close Pizza Hut employees suspended for defending store in 'good old-fashioned gunfight ' 1 / 25 Back to Gallery
A Springfield , Missouri Pizza Hut employee was recently reprimanded for getting into a gunfight with an intruder .
William Hotop , 31 , rushed to grab the store 's gun after hearing the front door break down .
`` It was like , 'Oh , sh * * , ' '' Hotop told the Springfield News-Leader . `` I know you ca n't put that in the news , but that 's the best way I can describe it . ''
After spotting Hotop , the intruder reached inside his hoodie and the two men exchanged fire .
SNAPCHAT : Unbelievable videos show man , woman shooting guns from a moving car in Houston
The robber eventually fled the premise , but not without Hotop chasing him and firing two more shots as he ran .
`` It was a good old-fashioned gunfight , '' Hotop said . `` I protected ( Pizza Hut ) like it was my home . I love my job . ''
Unfortunately , despite putting his life on the line to defend the pizza shop , Hotop was suspended without pay . His manager and owner of the gun — who Hotop said was robbed at gunpoint a week before the robbery — was fired due to the incident .
DATA : Texas colleges with the most violent crime , according to the FBI
In a statement to Fox News , Pizza Hut did not say how long Hotop would be suspended for or why , but did stress that the local Pizza Hut franchise was working with police and wanted to ensure the safety of its team and community .
Hotop believes both the suspension and his manager 's firing were unjust , but hopes to go back to delivering pizza .
See 17 states that love guns more than Texas above .
* G20 group charts rise of sector blamed for aggravating crisis
* Shadow banking jumps in a decade from $ 26 trillion in 2002
* Policymakers eye curbs on ‘ alphabet soup ' of non-bank activity
By John O'Donnell
BRUSSELS , Nov 18 ( Reuters ) - The system of so-called “ shadow banking , ” blamed by some for aggravating the global financial crisis , grew to a new high of $ 67 trillion globally last year , a top regulatory group said , calling for tighter control of the sector .
A report by the Financial Stability Board ( FSB ) on Sunday appeared to confirm fears among policymakers that shadow banking is set to thrive , beyond the reach of a regulatory net tightening around traditional banks and banking activities .
The FSB , a task force from the world 's top 20 economies , also called for greater regulatory control of shadow banking .
“ The FSB is of the view that the authorities ' approach to shadow banking has to be a targeted one , ” the group wrote in a report , noting the current lax regulation of the sector .
“ The objective is to ensure that shadow banking is subject to appropriate oversight and regulation to address bank-like risks to financial stability , ” it said .
Officials at the European Commission in Brussels also see closer oversight of the sector as important in preventing a repeat of the financial crisis that has toppled banks over the past five years and rocked the euro zone .
The study by the FSB said shadow banking around the world more than doubled to $ 62 trillion in the five years to 2007 before the crisis struck .
But the size of the total system had grown to $ 67 trillion in 2011 - more than the total economic output of all the countries in the study .
The multitrillion-dollar activities of hedge funds and private equity companies are often cited as examples of shadow banking .
But the term also covers investment funds , money market funds and even cash-rich firms that lend government bonds to banks , which in turn use them as security when taking credit from the European Central Bank .
Even the man credited with coining the term , former investment executive Paul McCulley , gave a catch-all definition , saying he understood shadow banking to mean “ the whole alphabet soup of levered up non-bank investment conduits , vehicles and structures , ” such as the special investment vehicles that many blamed for the financial crisis .
The United States had the largest shadow banking system , said the FSB , with assets of $ 23 trillion in 2011 , followed by the euro area - with $ 22 trillion - and the United Kingdom - at $ 9 trillion .
The U.S. share of the global shadow banking system has declined in recent years , the FSB said , while the shares of the United Kingdom and the euro area have increased .
The FSB warned that tighter rules that force banks to hoard more capital reserves to cover losses could bolster shadow banking .
It advocated better controls , although cautions that shadow banking reforms should be dealt with carefully because the sector can also be a source of credit for business and consumers .
Forms of shadow banking can include securitization , which can transform bank loans into a tradeable instrument that can then be used to refinance credit , making it easier to lend .
In the run-up to the crisis , however , banks such as Germany 's IKB stored billions of euros of such instruments in off-balance sheet vehicles , which later unraveled .
Another example is a repurchasing agreement , or repo , where a player such as a hedge fund could sell government bonds it owns to a bank , agreeing to repurchase them later .
The bank may then lend those bonds onto another hedge fund , taking a position on the government debt . Such agreements are used by banks to lend and borrow . A risk could arise if one of the parties in the chain collapses .
The European Commission is expected to propose EU-wide rules for shadow banking next year .
Bonucci : I 'll make Milan history
By Football Italia staff
Leonardo Bonucci says he is ready to “ write a new page in Milan 's history and my career ” and that the Rossoneri are “ so hungry to win ” .
Bonucci 's transfer was made official by Milan on Thursday , six days after news of his move from Juventus broke , and the defender spoke of his admiration for the legendary defenders that preceded him at San Siro , while affirming his desire to return the Diavolo amongst Europe 's elite .
“ When you think of AC Milan , you naturally think of the team 's history , of all those champions who have worn the famous team colours , ” he wrote on Instagram .
“ I think of Baresi , Costacurta , Maldini , Nesta , Tassotti . I admire them for what they have given to football and this Club . They are legends .
“ I arrive today to start writing a new page in the Rossoneri history and in my career .
“ The challenge begins now , a new adventure starts today together with comrades who , like me , are so hungry to win .
“ I would like to thank the entire team , Director Fassone , DS Mirabelli and Mr. Montella , who have all strongly supported me and made me feel so central to this ambitious new plan .
“ I have been greeted with affection and warmth from the fans and that makes me committed to work hard , together with the rest of the team , to make sure this enthusiasm continues and grows during the season as we work towards winning and bringing AC Milan back to the heights of the Italian and European tournaments .
“ We start now . Together we can . # HungrierThanEver . ”
If you thought things had been going well for the LA Galaxy this offseason , prepare for it to get even better : It now appears that Juninho will be rejoining the team on a one-year loan . What 's even better is that , according to this report out of Brazil , he 'll apparently be doing so without the Galaxy having to pay a loan fee .
In an offseason that has included the re-signing of David Beckham and the return of Edson Buddle , this might be the most significant move . While Juninho is not nearly as famous as Beckham or Landon Donovan , it could easily be argued that he was just as important to the Galaxy 's fortunes as either of them . In addition to his four goals and two assists , he was the engine that really drove the midfield .
According to the translated report , Juninho fell out of favor with São Paulo 's coach shortly after signing his new contract . The team then tried to sell him to a French team to no avail .
If the Galaxy already were n't the favorites to win the CONCACAF Champions League and MLS Cup , the addition of Juninho surely does that . The only loss from last year 's double-winner is Omar Gonzalez , and the Galaxy will have Leonardo back after he missed most of last season with a knee injury .
For more on Juninho 's situation , be sure to check out Galaxy blog LAG Confidential .
On April 29 , 2016 , I did something I 've never done before . Watched a movie first day , first show ( FDFS ) . Where I come from , FDFS is a holy mission you usually reserve for Rajinikanth . I could never quite elbow my way in there , but managed to succeed with The Man Who Knew Infinity .
But then Ramanujan is the Rajinikanth of mathematics , an underdog who turned into a superstar . What he accomplished in maths is not too different from catching bullets with bare teeth or leaving messages for Alexander Graham Bell before he invented the phone .
In fact , Ramanujan did leave some formulas in his notebooks that mathematicians are able to make sense of only now , a hundred years later . It turns out these formulas are going to help better understanding of black holes – an idea that did not exist in Ramanujan 's time .
Advertisement
Besides , Ramanujan plays a pivotal role in my own thriller The Steradian Trail . The series is called Infinity Cycle and it 's kicked off by Book # 0 . So there was no way I was going to miss this movie .
I wiggled my way through the Friday evening crowd and sank into my seat , flanked by wife and son . We were among the earliest to arrive and there was still plenty of time left for the show . I could watch people trickling in in small groups .
They were mostly techie-types trudging in with their laptops like me and students strolling in in casuals . There were only a handful of families with kids . Everyone seemed to settle down in their seats with a palpable sense of purpose . It was obvious no one was here for mindless entertainment - I bet that this show rang up the lowest popcorn sales in the multiplex 's history .
Advertisement
I had seen the trailers before . Dev Patel seemed like an odd choice for Ramanujan and I was really dreading these Brits might have messed things up and I would end up having to trash the movie . My worst fears seemed to come true right in the intro scene when Ramanujan appears wearing something like a checked lungi . I found myself almost screaming , “ Hey Costume Designer , Ramanujan would rather jump off a cliff than wear something like that . ”
But these little distractions died down soon . I quickly made peace with Dev Patel too and got fully sucked into flow of the story . Once Ramanujan arrived at Cambridge , I was just riveted .
I have seen the Tamil biopic by Gnana Rajasekaran . It 's a faithful attempt to chronicle Ramanujan 's entire life and it succeeds in it charmingly . I would recommend it to anyone with an interest in a full understanding of Ramanujan 's life and times . The look and feel of the period , the attitude and ethos of people are painted meticulously .
Advertisement
All main players in Ramanujan 's life and even minor incidents are captured diligently . The only issue I had was related to Ramanujan 's characterization . The Tamil version portrays him as a helpless weakling who keeps breaking down frequently .
My understanding of Ramanujan is that he had tremendous inner strength and resilience . He was fully aware of his special talents and was quite tenacious in going tooth and claw after his target for ten long years . I do n't think he could show such persistence if he was weak . In his early letters to his future mentor G H Hardy , he sounds quite confident of his discoveries , almost cocky .
And he had a wacky sense of humour too . Matt Brown 's characterization captures these different dimensions of his personality quite nicely . Dev Patel does not miss a single beat in bringing them to life : though he does not look like Ramanujan , he plays his role quite well .
Advertisement
One of the things that really stood out for me in this movie was the way they have handled Ramanujan 's religiosity . The strange connections between math , Hindu religion and Ramanujan is central to the crime in The Steradian Trail , so I was really curious how these British guys handle these themes . I must confess that they really pulled off a surprise here .
I can not recall many English movies that present Indians and Hindu ethos as tastefully , showing them as they are without standing in superior judgment or glossing over those aspects that did not tally with Western worldview . I personally have a hard time accepting that Namagiri Thayar revealed theorems to Ramanujan in his dreams . But that is what he believed and it is depicted so in the movie without any attempt to varnish it over .
I believe it is G H Hardy who blazed the trail there a hundred years ago . A confirmed atheist till his very end , he never agreed with Ramanujan 's religiosity or mystical mumbo jumbo . But he did not let that deter him from taking sincere interest in him and working together .
Advertisement
In fact , it is Hardy who comes out as the bigger hero of the movie than Ramanujan . And rightly so . The way he put aside his personal beliefs and stuck his neck out for Ramanujan and came out enriched and proud from it all holds a message for all of us . And Jeremy Irons is the perfect G H Hardy to deliver it . Once again , not in terms of looks – the real Hardy was much younger – but in every other way . You could watch the movie just for him .
Another hero , completing the triangle , is mathematics itself . Again , I ca n't remember another movie that presents complex mathematical ideas so accessibly and engagingly . Matt Brown and team could have easily presented the Hardy-Ramanujan story as just an inspiring ugly duckling tale and got away with it . But they go much beyond . They have taken great pains to bring out the power , beauty and philosophy of mathematics that lay at the heart of the story . And they do that without deviating from the main drama or losing the audience . And therein lies their success .
Any work of art , be it a book or movie , is only as good as its audience . It was gratifying to see that this celebration of one of the most unlikely and beautiful partnerships in history went down quite well with the FDFS audience I had for company . The thumping of desks on the screen when Ramanujan finally gets accepted as a Fellow of the Royal Society was greeted with even more thunderous applause by the audience as if Rajinikanth had finally vanquished the villain . Three cheers to that .
Going through a divorce is an overwhelming experience . If you are going through divorce or have gone through it , I am sure you will agree that the initial sensation is of being flooded by emotions , things to handle and tough , very tough decisions to make . Here are five very big mistakes , often made by anyone going through separation or divorce , and some tips that can spare you some bad decisions and keep you on the right track :
Making Decisions Without Fully Understanding the Implications :
Read as much as you can , go to free ( or paid ) consultations with various professionals ( mediators , attorneys , divorce coaches and more ) . The more information you have regarding your rights and options , the better decisions you will be able to make . Yes , the easiest thing to do is let someone else handle it for you and make decisions for you . It is easy to take advice from a friend of a friend who just went through divorce , but you want to be fully aware of your options -- you want to fully understand the implications of every step . If you do not fully understand and fully control every step you make along the way , you , and you only , will have to live with the real-life consequences . Be as informed as you possibly can .
Losing Control of Your Divorce :
Do not let your attorney act on your behalf without fully informing you . I have heard too many times from clients that their lawyers were making decisions for them without consulting them or , even worse , against what they have requested . Not everyone does , but some do . You need to stay in control of what is going on . You are the client and this is your life we are talking about . If this divorce spirals out of control , who will pay the price ? You .
Acting Out of Anger :
Court battles will not teach your soon-to-be ex a lesson . Trust me . And if you go that route , it will teach both of you a lesson : nobody goes dancing out of court . I am not talking about extreme cases , where parents are denied of their rights , child support is not paid or a child 's welfare is at stake . I am talking about the average , not-getting-along , angry-with-each-other , someone-cheated-on-someone , it-didn't-work-out-at-all kind of couple . Make the right choice -- stay away from unnecessary drama and stick to the facts : what can and can not be done , what are your legal rights , how do you handle this sensibly and spare your kids , your job , your sanity . Feeling angry ? While you may have excellent reasons , do n't take that to court . Take that to a great therapist .
Settling for Less Than You Need or Deserve :
While settling is settling , you do not want to underestimate your expenses and what you need in order to be comfortable within your means . If you are the payer , you do not want to commit to more than you can afford . Be fair to yourself and to your soon-to-be ex . Everybody needs to live , your kids need to have a decent life and you need to make a diligent plan for your projected overhead when you lead separate lives . Never settle too low , and never commit too high .
Editor 's note : With offseason work across the league coming to an end , the focus shifts to the steamy summer workouts ahead . To get you fully primed for the preseason and beyond , Sporting News provides in-depth looks at all 32 teams leading into training camp . Today : Cleveland Browns . Prediction : Fourth , AFC North . Up next : NFC North
The Browns change regimes almost as often as they change quarterbacks .
The brass is considering a new opening day quarterback for the seventh straight year . Rob Chudzinski is the fourth head coach since 2008 . Michael Lombardi is the fourth general manager in the same time frame . Is it any wonder the Browns ' best record the last five years is 5-11 ? Is there a shred of sanity in the fact Joe Thomas and D'Qwell Jackson are the only players who have spent more than five years in Cleveland ?
That said , the latest changes make sense . The Browns were n't going anywhere under Pat Shurmur . New owner Jimmy Haslam rightfully brought in executives to suit his style . Of course , Haslam is under investigation by the FBI for allegations of fraud—yet another potential hurdle for the organization .
It makes no sense to predict anything more optimistic than growing pains for the latest edition of the Browns .
BREAKOUT PLAYER
WR Greg Little
Everyone will be watching deep threat Josh Gordon ( after he finishes his two-game suspension ) , including opponents ' No . 1 cornerbacks , which will clear the way for Little . The trend began late last year , when Little took advantage of favorable matchups for 22 catches in the last five games . The combination of Gordon , Norv Turner , experience and talent will make Little a dangerous player .
SCOUT 'S TAKE
LT Joe Thomas
“ Joe Thomas is incredible . The biggest thing about him is his consistency . Maybe that 's not a tough-guy term , but it 's what a good offensive lineman has to have . There 's a right way to do your footwork , and that 's the way he does it every time . He does n't necessarily have a powerful build , but he 's got plenty of size and strength , and he knows exactly how to use it . You wo n't find anybody better and more consistent at protecting the passer . He 's no mauler as a run blocker , but he does n't need to be because he knows how to move people and get the job done . He 's as good as it gets . ”
INSIDE THE HEADSET
Chudzinski preaches an “ attack-style offense. ” As offensive coordinator in Carolina last year , his Cam Newton-led scheme was balanced ; the Panthers had 462 runs and 490 passing attempts . Chudzinski is a go-for-it guy on fourth down . He wo n't have as big an influence on the defense because that 's coordinator Ray Horton 's baby .
VIEW FROM THE OTHER SIDELINE
An opponent breaks down the Browns
“ We 're in a tough division . You do n't see many blowouts , and the Browns were in all of the division games last year . ... You 've got ta like Trent Richardson . He 's a player , and he has a good offensive line . Richardson is n't way different than Ray Rice , but I think Ray can catch the ball a little more effectively . As far as their running style , Trent is more of a bruiser . ... We 've always thought their O-line was as solid as any in the division . ...
`` Not having the continuity of the other teams has hurt them . You do n't know quite what to expect with the latest guys coming in , although I know a lot of them , and they 're good people . ... I like Jabaal Sheard as a player , forgetting about the scheme . He might be called an outside 'backer or whatever this year , but I guarantee you that when a pass is coming he 'll be rushing from defensive end . ... Like any quarterback who has n't been in the league long , ( Brandon ) Weeden has to prove he belongs . His arm belongs . He seems to feel the rush and get the ball out , but he has a ways to go . ”
OFFENSE
Dink-and-dunk is dead . Whoever plays quarterback for Chudzinski and coordinator Norv Turner must prove he has the right mind along with the arm to whiz the ball downfield . Chudzinski and Turner , who worked well together in reversed roles in San Diego , favor a power running game behind a lead blocker to set up play-action passes . The West Coast offense just did n't work in Cleveland last season , and the quarterbacks are well suited for the new offensive style .
QUARTERBACKS
Brandon Weeden made it through spring practice with a tenuous grip on the starting job . Cleveland signed Jason Campbell as a nothing-to-lose option , and he was sharper than Weeden in some OTA work . Weeden , though , outperformed Campbell in minicamp , just before players headed for summer break . The Browns should give Weeden a year to prove his disjointed rookie season was owed largely to being miscast in a West Coast offense ; he has more than enough arm to zip the vertical routes Chudzinski and Turner love .
Campbell has more experience than Weeden , including valuable time on two previous teams that used offensive principles similar to Turner 's . Campbell 's record as an NFL starter is 31-40 , but at 31 , he is just two years older than Weeden . Campbell is more athletic than Weeden and has the same arm strength . Weeden 's edge comes in having more upside . Campbell seems to be more of a game manager type . GRADE : D+
RUNNING BACKS
Trent Richardson apologists say his poor yards-per-carry average in 2012 ( 3.6 on 267 attempts ) was an aberration , the result of two knee surgeries , broken ribs and rookie adjustments in an atmosphere of erratic play-calling . The guess is Richardson , the No . 3 overall pick in the 2012 draft , will improve in his second year , but it 's unclear whether the 5-9 , 230-pounder will live up to his billing . Richardson flashed a relentless running style , but neither his speed nor his elusiveness proved good enough . He did , however , compete fiercely near the goal line , making second and third pushes that translated into 11 rushing touchdowns , but he also produced far too many runs of a yard or worse . He must be quicker to the hole and more decisive on cuts .
If Richardson gets hurt again — an ostensibly minor leg strain knocked him out of minicamp — Cleveland will roll with a committee . Montario Hardesty is an adequate all-around back coming off a decent season ( 271 yards , 4.2 average ) . If Richardson stays healthy , Hardesty might see the field less than Chris Ogbonnaya , a crafty receiver and above-average blocker . Trade acquisition Dion Lewis ( 5-8 , 195 pounds ) offers a third-down option .
Turner has a knack for setting up runs with a fullback , and the Browns have Owen Marecic , a fourth-round pick in 2011 . He has been OK as a blocker but must quit dropping dump-off passes . GRADE : C+
RECEIVERS
It 's reasonable to expect each returning receiver on this unit to become more productive , but until that happens , this group is no match for a decent secondary . Gordon , who had a 50-catch , 805-yard rookie year in 2012 , projects as the No . 1 wideout , but he has been suspended for two games for using a banned substance . Considering he sat out the 2011 college season and is only 22 , there 's reason to expect significant improvement if he handles the suspension well . Gordon is big ( 6-3 , 225 ) , fast and naturally elusive .
Big , athletic Greg Little ( 6-2 , 220 ) is similar to Gordon . He was a second-round draft pick in 2011 who had n't played college ball the previous year . He led the team in receiving as a rookie , then adjusted to the arrival of Gordon in 2012 , when he caught 53 passes for 647 yards .
The Browns signed 6-5 David Nelson , who was emerging in Buffalo before an injury-marred 2012 , and traded for Dolphins slot receiver Davone Bess . They also have Travis Benjamin , a certified burner who showed promise as a rookie last season and was a minicamp star .
Chudzinski is a former tight end and Turner is tight end-friendly , so there is the potential for this position to be emphasized in the offense . The problem is with personnel . Jordan Cameron has ideal athleticism , but his production at USC and through two NFL seasons has been negligible . Free-agent pickups Kellen Davis and Gary Barnidge are competent blocking tight ends who have been low-watt pro receivers . GRADE : C
OFFENSIVE LINE
This is Cleveland 's strength . Thomas , 28 , has gone to the Pro Bowl in each of his six seasons . Alex Mack is a former first-round pick who has emerged as one of the league 's better centers . Right tackle Mitchell Schwartz exceeded expectations as a high second-round draft pick .
But two things need to happen for the Browns to have one of the NFL 's better lines . First , Thomas , Mack and Schwartz must stay healthy . All three are intelligent technicians who excel as pass blockers , and Thomas and Schwartz do n't run block with brute force but are effective with leverage and footwork . But tackle Oniel Cousins is a Baltimore castoff , and there is no clear-cut backup center . The good news is Thomas , Mack and Schwartz have never missed a start in a combined 176 games .
Second , guard play also must improve . Shawn Lauvao is an adequate right guard with room to grow as a third-year starter , but left guard is shaky . Jason Pinkston played well as a rookie in 2011 and was six games into his second season when a blood clot was discovered in his lungs . Veteran John Greco started the rest of the season . Pinkston is back and appears to be healthy , but Greco won favor among coaches in the spring . GRADE : B+
DEFENSE
Whereas the change in offensive scheme figures to be healthy , the jury is out on the new defense . Dick Jauron 's 4-3 played better than the roster and circumstances dictated in both 2011 and 2012 . New coordinator Horton , brought over from Arizona , brings in a 3-4 that required expensive free-agent additions and will have returning front seven producers learning new roles . Horton 's plan is to apply blitz principles inspired during his time with Pittsburgh defensive coordinator Dick LeBeau .
DEFENSIVE LINE
Switching to a 3-4 might not be a major problem for the defensive line . Sixth-year pro Ahtyba Rubin spent the last two years as a 4-3 tackle , but before that he played as a nose tackle in Rob Ryan 's 3-4 scheme . Rubin , who is versatile and coachable , became so good in the role he pushed former Pro Bowler Shaun Rogers out of the starting lineup . The new coaches have committed to making Rubin an defensive end because they judge third-year pro Phil Taylor best suited for nose tackle in this scheme . Taylor , a former first-round pick , is also big and athletic enough to be a dominant 3-4 end .
Horton likes to move his linemen around and create mismatches , and he will have all of his starters ready to play any of the three spots . Free-agent pickup Desmond Bryant ( 6-6 , 310 ) was a 4-3 tackle in Oakland , but he has an ideal build to blossom as a 3-4 end and the athleticism to cover in certain situations .
Last year 's draft translated into quality depth . Sixth-rounder Billy Winn held up and was a pleasant surprise ; he has starter potential as a 3-4 end . Third-rounder John Hughes has the bulk and talent to play 20 quality snaps , mostly at nose tackle . GRADE : B
LINEBACKERS
The team spent a No . 6 overall draft pick on LSU defensive end Barkevious Mingo and is all in with turning him into an outside pass-rushing force . He proved in spring workouts he can cover and play the run while standing up as a 3-4 outside linebacker .
This group will make or break the defense , and so many things must go right for it not to be a weakness . Team captain D'Qwell Jackson is the rock , an eighth-year pro who has produced in 3-4 and 4-3 schemes . Jackson 's weakness is fighting off guards who get through the line of scrimmage , which is bound to happen more often in a 3-4 . Craig Robertson , formerly undrafted , is emerging as the other inside linebacker after a surprising stint on the outside in last year 's 4-3 scheme . 2012 Round 4 pick James-Michael Johnson is trying to carve out a role , but the jury is out as to where he fits in the new scheme .
Pricey free agent Paul Kruger must adjust to a new team and a more expansive role at outside linebacker than he had in Baltimore . He broke through as a pass rusher in 2012 , and that included 4.5 sacks in the postseason , but he must prove himself as a run defender .
Third-year pro Jabaal Sheard will maintain the edge-rushing duties he performed well as a starting 4-3 end the past two years , but he must learn how to play standing up while helping in coverage as an outside linebacker .
How Mingo will be rotated with Sheard and Kruger is a key mystery . Veteran Quentin Groves , a former second-round pick , was a key free-agent pickup . He is a quality player and an insurance policy if Sheard struggles with the transition . Groves spent last season in Arizona with Horton and will help his new teammates learn the scheme . GRADE : C
SECONDARY
Losing cornerback Joe Haden to a four-game suspension was a huge factor in Cleveland 's 0-5 start last season , but he has matured and should have a big year . Haden 's fluid movements and tangible confidence make it easy to see why he was the No . 7 pick in 2010 .
Teams will throw away from Haden no matter who starts at the other cornerback . Buster Skrine is one of the fastest corners in the league , but his instincts are suspect . Free-agent pickup Chris Owens has the quickness and experience to play nickel back . Johnson Bademosi was sensational on special teams and could play his way into a role . Third-round draft pick Leon McFadden has the ball skills and athleticism to push for a starting job .
When strong safety T.J. Ward arrived in 2010 , he talked about giving Cleveland the kind of juice division rivals received from Troy Polamalu and Ed Reed . He is starting to live up to his potential . Ward is a fierce hitter in the box and has started making more impact plays in coverage . At free safety , the Browns will have their third starter in three years . Tashaun Gipson was a nice surprise as an undrafted rookie in 2012 . He figures to hold off rookie Jamoris Slaughter , who is working his way back from Achilles ' surgery . GRADE : C
SPECIAL TEAMS
Pro Bowl kicker Phil Dawson and Pro Bowl returner Joshua Cribbs were strong locker room presences , and losing them will hurt . At kicker , Shayne Graham was signed to replace Dawson . Lewis might return kickoffs , but he was mediocre in a 2011 trial with Philadelphia . Benjamin returned three punts last year , and he took one 93 yards for a TD . Spencer Lanning , who has a big leg but is unproven , was signed to replace punter Reggie Hodges . GRADE : C-
BOTTOM LINE
Haslam is hoping new coaches and a new personnel team can reverse a losing culture that has produced three five-win and two four-win seasons the past five years , but it 's a daunting task . Weeden needs to make a big jump , which is not out of the question given Turner 's experience . The running game needs to excel , which could happen if Richardson stays healthy . On defense , the team must get big play from Kruger and career years from high draft picks such as Haden , Ward , Taylor and Sheard . Flirting with .500 in 2013 is optimistic for this team .
`` The Simpsons '' fans looking to fully embrace their Halloween costumes can go method this weekend at William Hallet in Astoria , which has dressed itself up as the show 's centerpiece bar Moe 's Tavern . Not only is the bar and restaurant 's facade covered in purple and a big red `` Moe 's '' logo to look like the bar from the cartoon , William Hallet will be serving Homer Simpson 's favorite Duff Beer , the fire-topped cocktail Flaming Moe 's , Duff beer-flavored Drunken Donuts , and A Million Dollar Fries , according to a Facebook event .
# Duff Beer is HERE ! ! ! Halloween Party at Moe 's Tavern begins Saturday 10/29 at 8pm ! Do n't miss out or you 'll be saying D'OH ! Posted by William Hallet on Saturday , October 22 , 2016
Flaming Moe ready for our Halloween party at Moe 's Tavern starting Saturday 10/29 at 8pm ! # MoesTavern # Simpsons # Duff # nomnomnom # noms # cocktails # eeeeeats # weheartastoria # astoria # queens # halloween Posted by William Hallet on Sunday , October 23 , 2016
It 's not the first time the William Hallet team has gone all out for Halloween , according to DNAinfo . Last year , all the staff and bar dressed up as TV show restaurant Bob 's Burgers , and the year before that , they did a `` It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia '' -themed party . The Moe 's party will be happening in Astoria at 36-10 30th Ave. , near 37th Street , on Saturday , Oct. 29 and Monday , Oct. 31 . Besides all `` The Simpsons '' fan food and drink , William Hallet will be hosting a DJ and a costume contest .
Welcome to Humphreys County , Mississippi . Population : 9,189 . Poverty rate : 41.2 % . Food insecurity rate : 32.8 % , the highest in the nation .
Earlier this week , the national anti-hunger organization Feeding America released its annual “ Map the Meal Gap ” report , which measures food insecurity on a county-by-county basis across the United States . Using USDA data from 2011-2012 , this report made it possible to isolate the hungriest regions of the country , measured by both child food insecurity and overall insecurity .
The USDA defines food insecurity as lack of access to “ enough food for an active , healthy life. ” By that measure , Humphreys County tops the list for overall food insecurity and Zavala County , Texas , ranks number one in hungry children , coming in at 40.8 % child food insecurity .
Dubious distinction aside , Zavala County and Humphreys County share a few other key traits in common : Both are in poor , rural areas of the South , have socially and economically isolated populations , and are represented in Congress by Democrats – both of whom voted earlier this year to cut food stamps by billions of dollars .
Reps. Bennie Thompson and Pete Gallego joined 87 other House Democrats in late January to help pass the bipartisan 2014 Farm Bill . That bill altered food stamp eligibility rules in 15 states and the District of Columbia , with the aim of reducing benefits for as many as 850,000 households . But Thompson and Gallego 's home states were spared .
In a statement to msnbc , Gallego described the cuts in the final version of the Farm Bill as “ the best we could do . ”
“ I did n't come to Washington to be part of the problem . It was in the best interests of Zavala and other counties that we move forward with a farm bill and provide certainty to ranchers , farmers , food banks , and other providers , ” Gallego said .
Thompson—who was unavailable for comment according to his office—echoed that reasoning in a statement released shortly after the vote . The legislation , which also regulates and subsidizes vast swaths of the agricultural industry , “ provides a safety net for farmers , while ensuring that no Mississippian participating in [ the food stamp program ] will see a decrease in their benefits , ” Thompson said .
Thompson has consistently opposed food stamp cuts in the past . He voted against two prior iterations of the Farm Bill , which would have cut even more out of the program and directly affected members of his district in the process . And in November 2013 , he co-signed a letter to ranking members of the House and Senate agriculture committees , urging them not to include benefit cuts in the Farm Bill . What he ultimately voted for was a piece of compromise legislation that cut less than expected and spared his district . He was n't alone .
“ For the members of Congress whose constituencies were n't going to be impacted , I think it was probably harder to oppose those cuts because there was n't an impact back home , ” said Lisa Davis , Feeding America 's senior vice president of government relations . About half of the Democratic “ yes ” votes for the Farm Bill came from states affected by the proposed cut , mostly from states like California , which has a thriving agricultural industry .
Many Democrats , including Gallego , defended the cut as a compromise that prevented harsher benefit reductions . Democratic Rep. Jim McGovern of Mass. , who represents a district affected by the Farm Bill cuts , dismissed that reasoning .
“ If you believe that , I have a bridge to sell you for 10 bucks ” he said . “ I think that what some of the right-wingers learned was that going after [ food stamps ] in one big cut was probably unattainable , given that Democrats still control the Senate . I think they believe they can chip away at it . ”
That means that if Republicans get their way—and especially if the party manages to take control of the Senate in this year 's midterm elections—food stamps in Humphreys County and Zavala County might soon be on the chopping block . Leading Republicans House Speaker John Boehner and Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan , have already signaled their interest in further cuts .
New York City Coalition Against Hunger executive director Joel Berg said the lack of a “ clear message from the national hunger movement ” had contributed to bipartisan approval for the Farm Bill . Numerous groups declined to take a position on the bill itself , he said , even as they opposed the cuts .
“ We did not oppose the decision of our congressional delegation to vote for the bill , ” said Texas Food Bank Network CEO Celia Cole , regarding Gallego 's vote . “ We understood that it was a calculated decision . It was made in the hopes of opposing future cuts , so we did n't take a stand on the bill itself . ”
But Cole later added : “ That was probably part of the rationale from the people behind these cuts . Divide and conquer . ”
Gee and Wang anticipated this problem , and they did what any two STEM-inclined Harvard-trained Millennials would do . They made a startup .
Their company , HoneyInsured , launched last week . In its current form , it 's a website that ties into the Healthcare.gov back-end API , meaning that consumers can order insurance from it like they would the government 's more famous site . There are more than 52 of these “ web brokers , ” as the government calls them , independent sites and companies that mirror Healthcare.gov functions .
Many of these brokers tout their simplicity : Instead of asking people a lot of questions upfront , they only ask about the information absolutely needed . ( Over the past two years , Healthcare.gov has adopted a similar tack . )
HoneyInsured is unusual in that it recommends a health-insurance plan at the end of that process . This suggestion takes Gee and Wang 's research into account . It 's also alone among web brokers , Gee said , in displaying the size of a plan 's network . ( Like Healthcare.gov , HoneyInsured can also check to see if specific doctors you already use are included in the plan . )
But HoneyInsured has other features that might make it more appealing to a comparison shopper . On its page of suggested plans , it tells you how much you would additionally pay out of pocket under a plan for certain ailments , like a broken limb , depression , and cancer . It also sorts plans by different kinds of medical costs : If most of your medical costs are via drugs , HoneyInsured finds a plan with a less expensive drug co-pay .
“ We have a currency type of calculation trade-off so if you prefer lower risk , we can find you a plan that has a lower max out-of-pocket and deductible , ” Gee told me .
And in a feature that mirrors the popular travel site Hipmunk , it plots all plans available to a buyer on a two-dimensional graph , with deductible vs. premiums . This lets buyers emphasize what they would prefer , and it avoids a common pitfall where “ a plan [ is ] worse off than another in terms of deductibles and max out of pocket , but may just be a dollar cheaper . ”
What originally got Gee and Wang interested in health insurance was the amount of data there . “ A lot of ACA data has been open since it started , but it has n't been put together in a real reusable format , ” she said . “ We got the data , we wrote the paper on it , and now we wrote the website based on that data . ”
HoneyInsured will take a commission for selling insurance . Gee told me commissions are n't factored into the algorithm that suggests plans for users . She also said that user data was temporarily stored and encrypted on its servers before being sent to Healthcare.gov , and that then it was deleted .
HoneyInsured is open now to users in Texas , Florida , Georgia , Ohio , North Carolina , Virginia , Pennsylvania , and Missouri .
This year , more companies than ever before are “ web brokers ” for the Department of Health and Human Services—hooking into its API and presenting it under a different interface . Popular web brokers include HealthSherpa and GetInsured . Though it may seem like many in government would oppose this trend , they tend to support it . In the future , many open-government advocates see running the API as the government 's role , and running actual interfaces as the role of private developers and companies .
Startups and supporters of open government imagine a world where the government handles data and programming calls , but where private companies make the interfaces to access them . ( Healthcare.gov would continue to function as a basic marketplace . ) That will allow for many overlapping interests and priorities to factor into web design—presenting an opening for other research-based companies like HoneyInsured .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
There are some things in this world that are really uncomfortable to talk about , and sometimes , we end up having to discuss them with our doctor .
If there is some sort of problem with our reproductive organs , we often have a hard time discussing it .
The issue is , if we do n't talk about it , we can end up having greater problems later on .
In this article , we 're going to take a look at a condition known as vulvodynia and how it could be linked with fibromyalgia .
What is Vulvodynia ?
So , if you 're a woman that suffers from fibromyalgia , you likely know about the vaginal pain that you feel from time to time .
But in some cases , there 's an issue that is called vulvodynia , which is chronic pain that only affects the vulva , which is at the front of your vaginal region .
That being said , it can be embarrassing to face and it can be hard to admit , so there are n't really numbers out there about who has it – even though estimates say that anywhere from 1/6 to 1/3 of women have had it at some point during their lifetime .
There are a ton of symptoms that are related to vulvodynia that make it incredibly painful . Many times , people with vulvodynia avoid having sex because it just hurts too much for them to do so .
The area around your vulva may feel as if it is swollen . You may notice a lot of itching and burning .
Sometimes , it ends up making your vagina a lot drier , thus making it feel raw and sore . In the worst cases , it may throb and you may end up with sores around the vulva . In general , it hurts a lot .
Why does it happen ? There are a few theories . If you 're going through menopause , you seem to be more likely to end up with vulvodynia at some point .
In some cases , you 'll end up with vulvodynia alongside of a sexually transmitted disease .
Skin problems , muscle spasms , and a variety of other health issues can be linked to the development of vulvodynia . Some people have it for a short period of time ; others end up with a chronic case of it .
How Can You Determine the Difference Between Vulvodynia and a Fibromyalgia Flare Up ?
So , of course , this begs the question – how do you know that you have vulvodynia and it 's not just your body being weird with a fibromyalgia flare up ?
The biggest factor that helps you to tell the difference between a flare up and vulvodynia is the amount of time that you have the problem .
If you are feeling pain in your vagina for a couple of days , it may be vulvodynia , but it 's usually just a flare up .
But , if you 're starting to feel the pain for weeks or even months , that 's a sign that something else is going on .
There are a few other signs that you can look for as well .
Usually , a flare up will not make your vagina raw or dry – so if you start to notice that , you are likely suffering from vulvodynia or another related disorder .
If you 're a woman with fibromyalgia , the chances are high that you 'll have vulvodynia at some point – some estimates say that up to 2/3 's of all women who have fibromyalgia end up dealing with the disorder , thus making it difficult to really pinpoint where it comes from and why it happens .
How Do You Treat It ?
So what can you do if you are trying to fend off your fibromyalgia and a vulvodynia breakout at the same time ?
Your doctor will give you some options , and you may have to try a few before you find the relief that you 're looking for .
Here are some of the most common treatments that are prescribed for fibromyalgia sufferers who are coping with the symptoms of vulvodynia as well .
Creams and solutions that are focused on reducing the itching , redness , and burning of the vaginal area .
There are a number of them out there , and many of them are used for yeast infections and other similar problems . You may have to try a few before you find the right one .
Medications that prevent muscle spasms can actually help a lot , since the pain may cause your muscles to spasm , which would make your vulvodynia hurt a lot worse in the long run .
Massage and acupuncture can help to reduce the pressure and the pain in your pelvis and the area around the vagina .
Massage and acupuncture are often recommended for fibromyalgia suffers , because it can also help to loosen up your muscles and allow for more flexibility , which also may play a role in reducing the pain from your vulvodynia .
If you 're dealing with it at home , make sure that you are wearing undergarments and pants that are loose around your vagina .
That way , you can have some space and you do n't have to worry about the pressure from your underwear causing you even more pain in this region .
Consider switching to all natural soaps and hygiene products in order to help reduce the amount of chemicals and irritants that are in that area , thus making it itch less often and it can also help the swelling to go down as well .
Fibromyalgia has a number of different treatment plans ; they are pretty much as varied as the people who have the disorder .
This is mainly because no two people experience the same symptoms and struggle with the same types of pain .
That being said , if you are struggling with fibromyalgia and a concurrent disease , like vulvodynia , it 's important that you determine ways for you to live a healthy , normal life .
Talking with your specialist and working with a number of different professionals can help you get the wide range of care that you need in order to thrive .
Do n't just “ deal with it ; ” get help for the pain and figure out a treatment plan that works for you .
References :
http : //chronicfatigue.about.com/od/whyfmscfsarelinked/a/Vulvodynia-In-Fibromyalgia-and-Chronic-Fatigue-Syndrome.htm
http : //www.fibromyalgia-symptoms.org/vulvodynia.html
( left ) and Savannah Brinson attended the 2012 Sports Illustrated Sportsman of the Year award presentation . ( Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images Entertainment ) LeBron James ( left ) and Savannah Brinson attended the 2012 Sports Illustrated Sportsman of the Year award presentation . ( Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images Entertainment )
LeBron James married Savannah Brinson , his longtime girlfriend , at a wedding ceremony in San Diego on Saturday , according to multiple reports .
US Weekly reports that the couple exchanged vows at the Grand Del Mar hotel and that Heat All-Star guard Dwyane Wade was among the celebrity guests in attendance . The Associated Press also reports that James and Brinson are now officially husband and wife .
PageSix.com reported earlier this week that the three-day wedding celebration would include a `` welcome barbecue '' on Friday and a `` farewell brunch '' on Sunday . NBCSanDiego.com reported that Knicks All-Star forward Carmelo Anthony , rapper Jay-Z and pop star Beyonce were rumored to be be in attendance while CBS8.com added Clippers All-Star guard Chris Paul to that list .
In March , TMZ.com reported that the couple was planning an extended celebration that would stretch from Sept. 13-15 in San Diego . The wedding invitations included images of James , Brinson and their two sons , LeBron Jr. and Bryce , flying on an airplane towards a beach .
The NBA 's reigning MVP proposed to Brinson on Jan. 1 , 2012 , at a New Year 's Eve party in South Beach . At the time , James told Oprah Winfrey that he was “ nervous … like before a Finals game ” when he popped the question . One estimate placed the retail value of Brinson 's engagement ring at upwards of $ 250,000 .
James , 28 , has known Brinson , 27 , since high school . Since proposing , James ' Heat have won the 2012 and 2013 Finals and he was named MVP and Finals MVP in 2012 and 2013 . He also won a gold medal at the 2012 Olympics and was named 2012 Sports Illustrated 's Sportsman of the Year .
The Grand Del Mar pitches itself as `` San Diego 's premier wedding venue '' on its website .
Reminiscent of a Mediterranean estate and nestled in the storybook setting of the breathtaking Los Peñasquitos Canyon , The Grand Del Mar is the perfect venue to take your first steps toward forever . It 's the day you 've dreamed of your entire life , and it 's our pleasure to manage every detail . From selecting the perfect suite for the bridal party to share time-honored rituals , or scheduling a pre-wedding tee time for the groomsmen , your day will unfold just as you 've always imagined . At The Grand Del Mar , your wedding party will enjoy personalized experiences , exquisite details and lasting impressions , all designed to create an unforgettable wedding experience . Surround yourself with love and splendor . Make this luxury San Diego resort the backdrop for your happily ever after . Your journey begins when you request more information about weddings at The Grand Del Mar — a premier wedding and events destination .
The sprawling hotel is located about 25 minutes north of downtown San Diego just off Interstate-5 . The resort is flanked by a golf course and boasts multiple pools and tennis courts on site . Check out overhead views of the Grand Del Mar via Google Maps below .
The Grand Del Mar is located 20 minutes north of downtown San Diego and is flanked by a golf course . ( Google Maps ) The Grand Del Mar is located 20 minutes north of downtown San Diego and is flanked by a golf course . ( Google Maps )
Located a few miles away from the famed Torrey Pines golf course , site of the 2008 U.S. Open , the Grand Del Mar 's website notes its numerous awards .
Serenely nestled amidst Los Peñasquitos Canyon Preserve , this premier San Diego resort destination seamlessly combines the old-world charm of a Mediterranean estate with the modern luxury of an elegant resort . The result : a destination unparalleled by San Diego hotels and lauded by Forbes Travel Guide as one of the world 's six elite Triple Five-Star resorts . Little wonder , given the sun-kissed San Diego luxury hotel 's stunning natural beauty , championship Tom Fazio golf , one of only 38 Five-Star spas in the U.S. , and irresistible dining – epitomized by Addison , helmed by Relais and Châteaux Grand Chef William Bradley . This is The Grand life – just east of the Pacific and well beyond compare .
A US man who tried to flirt with a young woman on board a plane by bragging he was carrying enough poisonous gas to knock out the entire aircraft found himself arrested and banned for life from Delta Air Lines .
Bryan Sisco , 40 , allegedly knocked back five whiskey-and-cokes at an airport bar in Dallas on Friday before boarding his Atlanta-bound plane , on which he took a wrong seat and found himself next to Danielle Valimont , 23 , from Griffin , US , The Commercial Appeal reported .
Revealed : What Qantas hosties hate about you
When confronted by a flight attendant about being in the wrong seat , Sisco said he and Valimont were newlyweds .
The 40-year-old then whipped out a butane lighter , sparking it near Valimont 's legs , and boasted that he had a canister that contained enough gas to knock out everyone on the plane .
In further attempt to impress her , Sisco also claimed he was an architect and a federal marshal , and his father was in the CIA , according to Valimont who wrote about the incident on her blog .
`` He was very crass with his language and called me `` B * * * * '' and `` F * * * * * '' in a friendly , joking way - if that 's possible ''
The quick-thinking Valimont pretended she needed the bathroom and managed to alert a flight attendant .
The flight was diverted to Memphis , where a baffled Sisco , who had been sleeping and oblivious to the unfolding panic , was arrested by officers who boarded the plane .
`` I fell asleep , and woke up in handcuffs in Memphis with the FBI questioning me . ... I could n't even feel my thumb , the handcuffs were put on so tight , '' he said .
Sisco added that he was puzzled by the fuss which came about `` because of that one comment '' .
`` We were talking , sharing M & Ms , eating chocolate , having a good time , '' he said . `` I fabricated some truths about myself . ... I thought we were getting along pretty good . ''
The flight continued on its way to Atlanta , while Sisco was released on a $ 10,000 bond . He faces charges of carrying a weapon or explosive on an aircraft .
Read more at The Commercial Appeal .
The RealTme Music Survey will be back soon !
At ALT 94.7 , we want to know what you want to hear . Our listeners rate the music we play on ALT 94.7 every day by texting LIKE or DISLIKE to 31858 . This really helps us get to know what you want to hear ! But the week-long REAL TIME MUSIC SURVEY is your opportunity to voice your opinion on an even wider selection of songs . And if a song gets enough DISLIKES , it will be yanked off the air in real time !
Here 's how texting your vote works ...
You can help us pick which songs we play , which songs we play more , less and which songs we toss all together just by texting your vote !
When you hear a song you like on ALT 94.7 , text LIKE to 31858 .
If you hear a song you want played more , text MORE to 31858 .
If you hear a song you do n't like , text DISLIKE to 31858 .
If you hear a song you want played less , text LESS to 31858 .
Remember , your vote only counts if you text while the song is playing .
It all wraps up with DISLIKED on Sunday at 3:00pm ! However long DISLIKED lasts this Sunday is up to the Real Time Music Survey results ! Will they stay in rotation ? Or be dropped forever ?
We do n't charge for rating songs , but your standard messaging rates apply . Remember texting and driving is dangerous and illegal , so do n't do it .
Message and data rates may apply . Text HELP for help . Frequency of automated marketing messages to your number is recurring & varies . Text STOP to cancel . No purchase necessary . Terms & privacy policy : www.entercom.com/terms-and-conditions
By Orion McCarthy
FOR AMERICA 'S most beloved insect , the road to recovery is long and windy .
The incomparably iconic monarch butterfly , which graces gardens from Canada to Mexico , has faced steep population declines over the past two decades . The migratory monarch population has flirted with collapse in recent years , plummeting 96 % from 1 billion butterflies in 1996 to a mere 33 million in 2013 .
But high in the remote mountain forests of central Mexico , researchers are beginning to detect signs of a monarch recovery .
In 2015 , researchers recorded 56 million butterflies , a 70 % increase from the year before . Populations increased further in 2016 , surging to an estimated 200 million monarchs . Overwintering populations have n't been that high since the winter of 2010-11 .
A similar survey of overwintering monarchs in California also showed a modest increase in butterfly numbers over the past year .
Most North American monarchs spend the cold winter months in the mild forests of Mexico , with smaller numbers congregating in California and Florida . Scientists take advantage of the concentrated butterfly gatherings by conducting annual population surveys during the winter .
The increase in monarch numbers should be regarded with tentative caution . Butterfly overwintering surveys have shown erratic population swings among monarchs in years past , with factors such as extreme weather events impacting overwintering success .
Still , the marginal increase in population numbers is promising , and many conservationists believe the monarchs are in the early stages of a sustained recovery .
Distinguishing between a fleeting population blip and a monarch revival is an important but difficult task , one that requires an understanding of monarch ecology , habitat threats , and recent conservation policies .
So the question begs asking : what caused the decline of the monarch butterfly in the first place , and what conservation policies have been enacted to aid in the insect 's recovery ?
A Migration Under Threat
The monarch butterfly is the only species of insect known to undertake large-scale seasonal migrations .
Much like birds flying south for the winter , millions of monarch butterflies make the 3,000-mile journey from the northern United States and Canada to Mexico each year . Once in Mexico , monarchs group together in a few select mountain forest patches to weather out the winter months , overwintering in a state of suspended hibernation .
The migration has been described as one of the most spectacular natural phenomena on the planet .
The decline of the monarch 's migration has been linked primarily to habitat destruction . The larvae of monarch butterflies depend on a specific family of plants called milkweed as a nursery and food source . Unfortunately for monarchs , milkweed habitat has been severely diminished .
Milkweed used to thrive on the margins of agricultural fields and in between rows of crops , but the rise of genetically modified crops and the indiscriminant use of herbicides such as Roundup have destroyed 167 million acres of milkweed habitat since 1996 . The creeping spread of urban sprawl has also contributed , with milkweed habitat increasingly paved over to make room for development .
Compounding the scarcity of milkweed , the monarch 's overwintering habitats in Mexico have faced threats from illegal logging . Other threats , such as invasive tropical milkweed , parasites , and climate change have been linked to the decline in migrating monarchs as well .
The Road to Recovery
Early in 2014 , President Obama met with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper to form an international task force dedicated to the butterfly 's recovery .
Since the summit , each country has stepped up monarch conservation efforts .
Later in 2014 , the Mexican government cracked down on illegal logging in and around the monarch 's overwintering habitat , and the Canadian government removed milkweed from its noxious plant list . The U.S. government is considering listing the monarch butterfly under the Endangered Species Act , a move that would grant the species federal protection .
The U.S. government has also partnered with the National Wildlife Federation ( NWF ) and the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation ( NFWF ) to raise public awareness about the plight of the monarch butterfly and restore over 200,000 acres of milkweed habitat .
The predominance of herbicides in agricultural areas has forced the government to look for potential monarch habitat in unconventional places .
As part of his national strategy to help pollinators , President Obama announced funding for a pollinator highway along the median of I-35 , a north-south interstate traversing the busiest monarch migration route on the continent . Companies such as IVM Partners have also joined in the effort , focusing on restoring milkweed and natural prairie habitat in power line right of ways .
Highways and power lines may hardly seem like monarch sanctuaries , but a number of factors make these marginal habitats ideal for milkweed and monarchs . Medians and right of ways are relatively sunny and open habitats with low growth , making them ideal for pollinators . The linear nature of medians and wildlife corridors also helps to direct monarchs during their migrations , much like a real highway .
Since the main sponsor of milkweed restoration , the federal government , already owns the land found in most highway medians and power line right of ways , conservation funding can be used to purchase additional milkweed rather than land for planting . Medians and right of ways are also unlikely to be further developed , so any conversion to milkweed habitat should be long lasting .
The I-35 pollinator highway is currently being planted , and several power line right of ways across the country have already been converted into native prairie habitat teeming with milkweed . By creating habitat for monarchs , federal officials and conservationists also provide habitats for bees and other imperiled pollinators , as well as birds and other insects .
What YOU can do
Whether fleeting or genuine , the recovery of migrating monarch populations is in the early stages . These tiny insects that traverse huge distances need all the help they can get along the way . Federally managed milkweed corridors are a start , but the vast majority of potential monarch habitat is privately owned . This is where you come in .
Plant native milkweed species in your garden . While native milkweed can be more challenging to find than ornamental flowers or tropical milkweed , it is the best thing to plant for migrating monarchs . Take care when planting , as milkweed is toxic if ingested . If you have pets , plant milkweed in the back of your garden or in a fenced in area .
species in your garden . While native milkweed can be more challenging to find than ornamental flowers or tropical milkweed , it is the best thing to plant for migrating monarchs . Take care when planting , as milkweed is toxic if ingested . If you have pets , plant milkweed in the back of your garden or in a fenced in area . Avoid planting tropical milkweed , an introduced variety that flowers year round . Tropical milkweed has been shown to harm monarchs that feed on it during the winter months by altering migration patterns and promoting parasites . If you do plant tropical milkweed , cut the plant back within 6 inches of the ground between October and February to prevent butterfly feeding .
, an introduced variety that flowers year round . Tropical milkweed has been shown to harm monarchs that feed on it during the winter months by altering migration patterns and promoting parasites . If you do plant tropical milkweed , cut the plant back within 6 inches of the ground between October and February to prevent butterfly feeding . Avoid using herbicides or pesticides in your yard to control weeds , as they harm milkweed , butterflies , and other valuable insects .
or pesticides in your yard to control weeds , as they harm milkweed , butterflies , and other valuable insects . Buy organic products that do n't use herbicides . Supporting organic farmers also helps to safeguard existing monarch habitat .
that do n't use herbicides . Supporting organic farmers also helps to safeguard existing monarch habitat . Help track the annual monarch migration ! Several citizen science initiatives rely on your observations to keep tabs on monarch butterfly population trends , and that data can be used to determine the effectiveness of conservation programs .
LEARN MORE
This is the David Clarkson the New Jersey Devils expected .
The right-winger , who signed a three-year , $ 8 million contract this offseason , has three goals and 12 hits in his past three games . Since the return of Jacques Lemaire , the right-winger has stepped up his play significantly . He 's finally meeting the expectations set for him this season .
New Jersey had high expectations of Clarkson coming into the season . The physical right-winger , who 's known for dropping the gloves , showed some goal-scoring ability the past two seasons . During the 2008-09 season , Clarkson set career highs in goals ( 17 ) , assists ( 15 ) and points ( 32 ) . Even during his injury-shortened season last year , Clarkson still scored 11 goals .
Many fans and analysts dreamed about Clarkson 's 20 goal potential . In fact , many people pegged him to have a “ breakout ” season this year . But his start , like the team , would be slow . Clarkson came out firing early this season , but could n't find success . As with most of the team , his offense struggled to materialize . Since the start of the new year , however , Clarkson 's found goals and become one of the Devils ' best players .
It seemed like the light turned on for Clarkson in the January 6 game against the Philadelphia Flyers . Despite losing , 4-2 , Clarkson scored a goal and recorded four hits . That play continued into the January 8 loss , where he recorded three hits and three shots . Yesterday was his best performance , with two goals , five shots and five hits in the 6-3 win over the Tampa Bay Lightning . It was this type of play the Devils expected to see early this season .
Lemaire credits Clarkson 's quicker decision making for his turnaround .
“ He 's skating . He 's quicker . This is one thing that I asked him to do , try to be a little quicker on the puck , ” Lemaire said to Tom Gulitti of The Bergen Record . “ He 's always been strong with the puck and now he 's a little quicker , he makes things happen . ”
Clarkson said increased confidence helped him improve .
“ I feel the same , I think it 's just you get confidence as a player , ” Clarkson told Gulitti . “ You get a bit of confidence and you play with it and you hope that you get opportunities . ( Assistant coach ) Adam Oates has helped a lot with little things in my game . When you have a guy who did what he did in his a career , you try to take as much as you can from him . ”
Finally , Clarkson is playing to his potential . The Devils expected their right-winger to score 20 goals and provide a physical presence on the ice . That expectation has existed for close to two years , with Clarkson showing flashes of his potential . But he 's never been able to sustain success .
With Lemaire at the helm , Clarkson seems to have found his offensive game . The Devils , desperate for secondary scoring , need Clarkson to play to his potential . Hopefully , this spurt will turn Clarkson into that tough guy and scorer the Devils need .
Advertisements
We wo n't take time getting immersed in numbers or history leading up to tonight 's game . Well , maybe a little .
The Wizards used to be the Clippers of the East and the Clippers the Wizards of the West . Strange bedfellows without a bed—blessed instead with a cardboard box and neck-beard thick enough to trap small rodents . Before Chris Paul pouted his way out of New Orleans , these were some real , real crappy franchises .
From the 1988-89 season through the 2010-11 season , they were the worst two franchises in basketball , in fact . Counting out the Memphis Grizzlies , founded in Vancouver , Canada , in 1996 , the Clippers and Wizards ranked worst and second worst in winning percentage over those 23 seasons ( .361 and .389 respectively , via Basketball Reference ) .
Things are a bit different now . Paul , despite being elected mayor of Lob City , still has n't made it past the second round of the playoffs ( or the Conference Semis ) over his nine-year career . Neither have the Clippers over the franchise 's existence going back to 1970 in Buffalo , NY . And the Wizards have n't made it past Round 2 since losing in the NBA Finals in 1978-79 , the season after they won the title .
Los Angeles rides in on a nine-game winning streak , a 16-5 record , as the current 5-seed in the West . Washington has won seven of 10 ( two in a row ) and sit at 15-6 , tied for second in the East .
The Clippers rank first in the NBA in field goal percentage ( 48.4 % ) , while the Wizards rank sixth ( 47 % ) . The Clippers rank fourth in 3-point attempts per game ( 26.9 ) and second in percentage ( 38.1 % ) ; the Wiz rank 27th in attempts ( 16.1 ) and first in percentage ( 38.3 % ) . Geez , what a discrepancy . Is Randy Wittman not listening to his old pal Doc Rivers ? Or is there something that the Doc is not prescribing to the olde tymer from Indiana who sometimes preaches basketball coaching doctrine as if he were Mary Baker Eddy . “ My offense need no medicine… Doctors , smocktors ! ”
Yea , riiiiiiight .
Without further digression , Washington ranks first in assists per game ( 25.8 ) while L.A. ranks fourth ( 24.7 ) . But , because of those more efficient long balls , the Clippers rank third in offensive efficiency ( 110.9 points scored per 100 possessions ) and the Wizards rank 14th ( 104.1 ) . The Wizards , however , are fifth in points allowed per 100 possessions ( 99.2 ) while the Clippers rank 11th ( 102.7 ) . Maybe this bodes better in the big playoff picture for Washington , but L.A. 's Net Rating ( points scored minus points allowed per 100 possession ) of 8.2 is more desirable than the mere 4.8 from the Wizards .
These two franchises still mirror each other in many ways . Steve Ballmer is an over-excitable cheerleader with a Microsoft/dot.com background . Ted Leonsis is the sometimes subtly , sometimes not-so-subtly , beatnik blogger with an AOL background . Sam Cassell is probably sharing trade secrets with his new team as I type … and probably crafting scribbled cocktail napkin trash-talking ideas for when he gets to be adverse to his former pups , John Wall and Bradley Beal , from the opposing bench tonight .
Five of L.A. 's 16 wins have come against current playoff teams ( Portland , Houston , Miami , and Phoenix twice ) . Four of Washington 's 15 wins have fit the qualification ( Miami , Cleveland , and Milwaukee twice ) . Past merely being the next game on the slate , this is a very important barometer game for both franchises .
—
Stopping by TAI today to answer some questions curated by TAI 's Conor Dirks and John Townsend is Fred Katz ( @ FredKatz ) , hoops writer and contributor to the Washington Post ‘ s Fancy Stats column . Also check out ClipperBlog , where I took part in a 3-on-3 for tonight 's game . Vámonos .
Teams : Wizards vs Clippers
Time : 7:00 p.m . ET
Venue : Verizon Center , Chinatown , D.C .
Television : CSN
Radio : WFED-AM 1500/WNEW-FM 99.1
Spread : Clippers fav 'd by 2.5 points .
Q # 1 : A recent Kevin Arnovitz piece discussed Doc Rivers : the Executive . What 's your assessment of the job he 's done in the newest of his now dual roles ?
@ FredKatz : I actually wrote about this concept a few weeks ago and , in some ways , believe that the jury is still out on Doc . Still , you have to acknowledge that most of the transactions Rivers has made have been coverups for previous failed ones . He acquired a Jared Dudley contract which ended up being a bad one ( while giving up Eric Bledsoe in the process ) . He made up for that by shipping off Dudley to Milwaukee , but had to give up a first-rounder to do so . Dudley 's contract became too much for the Clips once they signed Spencer Hawes to the full mid-level exception , hard-capping the team and leaving no room for maneuvering . All those moves are related . On top of that , both Reggie Bullock and C.J . Wilcox , the Clippers ' past two draft choices , are yet to make an impact ( we miss you , K.J . McDaniels , even if you were never here ) . There 's a theme here , and it 's not a good one .
Q # 2 : In these parts , J.J. Redick is still ( somehow ! ) likely to be booed , likely out of the memory of his time with Duke and the bygone battles with then-ACC rival University of Maryland . In L.A. , Redick is the team 's starting shooting guard and a reliable 3-point shooter . Is he anything else ? Is there anything to love about Redick outside of his shooting ability ? If not , is that enough ?
@ FredKatz : Surely . Redick has been somewhat miscast as a pure shooter during his time in the NBA . That was true early on in his career with the Magic . It 's not anymore . Redick is a quality pick-and-roll shooting guard . The Clippers like to facilitate with Redick out of set plays , especially ones off dribble-handoffs . On top of that , Redick 's No . 1 value is n't even making shots , it 's the threats his shooting ability causes . Redick is consistently one of the best-conditioned and smartest off-ball cutters in the NBA . The action the Clippers run for him off screens contains some of the most essential parts of their offense , considering he singlehandedly gets defenses to move .
Q # 3 : Chris Paul or John Wall . Paul has the fourth highest single season AST/TO ratio ( 5.89 ) since giveaways were first recorded in 1977 . But Wall is averaging an NBA-leading 14.4 dimes per game this month . Who 's playing better basketball right now . And who would you rather have worn your team colors for the next five years ?
@ FredKatz : Currently , it 's Paul . I do n't mean to sound like much of a homer ( classic thing a homer would say , I know ) , but it 's not close . Let 's take raw numbers out of it—ignoring points , assists , turnovers , shooting ability , efficiency and the like . Let 's say they 're even in those categories ( which is generous , anyway ) . There are plays the Clippers run when Paul is supposed to set screens to open up the floor for big guys , when Paul is supposed to run off picks to deter a defense and let others create . Wall can absolutely get there—his game is progressing at a tremendous pace—but no point guard in the game can replicate those skills to Paul 's level right now . Over the next five years , the answer is Wall , who is five years younger than Paul and has as bright a future as one can , but right now , I 'm taking CP3 over any other floor general in the NBA , even if Stephen Curry is right on his heels .
Q # 4 : The Clippers are on a nine-game winning streak ( the fourth longest in franchise history ) and have played much better on the road this season ( 8-2 ) . What 's been the team 's secret to success out West ?
@ FredKatz : An easy schedule . Seven of those eight road wins have come against teams below .500 . Early-season road trips down the eastern seaboard will yield those kinds of results for top-notch Western Conference teams . Of course , Washington does n't fit in the category of “ Eastern Conference pushover. ” A team with two competent bigs , wings who can crush from corner 3 ( if only because of Wall 's ability to create for them in those areas ) and personal revenge games against Doc Rivers ( Paul Pierce and former teammate Randy Wittman ) may not continue the Clippers ' road trend .
This article is over 1 year old
Patriot Prayer , the rightwing protest group that planned to rally in San Francisco on Saturday , has cancelled its event , citing safety concerns and a “ smear campaign ” by elected officials who called them “ white supremacists ” .
Turd Reich : San Francisco dog owners lay minefield of poo for rightwing rally Read more
The group said it still intended to attend a rally on Sunday in nearby Berkeley , which has seen a number of violent standoffs between rightwing protesters and anti-fascist activists this year .
“ We 're going to put our effort and resources into Berkeley , ” Patriot Prayer organizer Joey Gibson said in a Facebook Live broadcast . “ Berkeley is a better situation because we do n't feel that we 're walking into a trap . ”
However , shortly after , the organizer of the Berkeley rally released a statement urging people not to come to her “ No to Marxism in America ” rally . Andrea Cummings said she was concerned for the safety of the people who might come to the event .
Thousands of San Franciscans were planning to mount counter-protests against the rightwing event , with residents planning to dance , march , rally , and boat in defiance of rightwing extremism . Several hundred people even announced a plan to allow their dogs to poo on the protest site in advance of the event .
The group 's intention to hold an event in the notoriously liberal San Francisco provoked considerable concern from the city 's elected officials , police , and residents , especially in the wake of the deadly white supremacist rally in Charlottesville .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A dog defecates at Crissy Field , the site of the now-cancelled rally . The group will go ahead with a rally planned for Sunday in Berkeley , California . Photograph : Stephen Lam/Reuters
Though Gibson has denounced white supremacy and neo-Nazis , Patriot Prayer events in the Pacific north-west have been attended by members of white nationalist groups and often devolved into violent street-fighting .
Elected officials , including House minority leader and San Francisco congressional representative Nancy Pelosi and mayor Ed Lee , unsuccessfully pressured the National Park Service to deny the group a permit for the rally . Pelosi called the group “ white supremacist ” .
Such characterizations amounted to a “ smear campaign ” , the organizers said .
“ Intermingling of protesters and rally-goers would be a horrible horrible idea , ” said Patriot Prayer member Gabriel Silva . “ It would lead to nothing but casualties . ”
“ In our opinion , ” said Gibson , “ it seems like it would have been a huge riot . ”
This past weekend Ohio 's own , The Werks , hosted their eighth annual Werk Out Festival at Legend Valley in Thornville , OH , bringing together some of the most prolific jam , funk and electronic music in the scene today including Gramatik , The Floozies , Emancipator , Dopapod , Twiddle , Spafford , Dumpstaphunk and many more .
Coming together as “ Twerkapod ” for a second consecutive year , The Werks , Dopapod and Twiddle performed a tribute set to the 90s on Saturday night , covering a bevy of hits , ranging from Sublime 's “ Caress Me Down ” and Soundgarden 's “ Black Hole Sun ” to the Spice Girls ' “ Wannabe , ” Rammenstein 's “ Du Hast ” and even Billy Ray Cyrus ' “ Achy Breaky Heart. ” Watch some fan-shoot footage of the set below ( sans encore ) .
Twerkapod @ The Werk Out Festival , Legend Valley , Thornville , OH — 8/4/17
Setlist : Caress Me Down ( Sublime ) , Black Hole Sun ( Soundgarden ) , Wannabe ( Spice Girls ) , Du Hast ( Rammstein ) , I Believe I Can Fly ( R. Kelly ) , Achy Breaky Heart ( Billy Ray Cryus ) , U Ca n't Touch This ( MC Hammer ) , Loser ( Beck ) , No Diggity ( Blackstreet ) , In Bloom ( Nirvana ) , Shine ( Collective Soul ) Encore : You Oughta Know ( Alanis Morissette ) Video via IZEoftheWorld
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
March 6 , 2017 , 11:18 PM GMT / Updated March 7 , 2017 , 10:58 AM GMT By Alex Johnson , Courtney Kube and Stella Kim
The United States has begun shipping a controversial anti-missile system to South Korea after North Korea test-launched four medium-range missiles on Monday , U.S. officials told NBC News .
The system , called THAAD , which stands for Terminal High Altitude Area Defense , is an anti-missile system designed to counter a threat like that from North Korea .
Other THAAD systems are already active in Hawaii and Guam to defend against North Korea , but the shield had n't yet been deployed to South Korea — a scenario that Beijing has denounced as a `` clear , present and substantive threat to China 's security interests . ''
The `` first elements '' of the THAAD system have already arrived in South Korea , U.S. defense officials told NBC News on Monday , just hours after Hwang Kyo-ahn , South Korea 's acting president and prime minister , urged the United States to deploy it as soon as possible , saying the consequences of a nuclear-armed North Korea would be `` horrible and beyond imagination . ''
Defense officials stressed that THAAD `` is strictly a defensive system '' aimed solely at defending South Korea against North Korean missiles .
U.S . Forces Korea confirmed the deployment in a statement a short time later .
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer signaled the deployment Monday when he told reporters that the United States was `` taking steps to enhance our ability to defend against North Korea 's ballistic missiles , such as through the deployment of a THAAD battery to South Korea . ''
U.S. defense officials confirmed to NBC News on Monday night that that meant delivery was already under way — not that the United States was simply restating its previous promises to send the system to South Korea sometime in the future .
They told NBC News that the planned deployment had already been in the works and that the timetable was n't affected by the latest North Korean launches , which Spicer called a `` very serious threat . ''
The North Korean news agency KCNA , whose pronouncements are usually regarded as propaganda for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un , said the launches early Monday were part of a drill to test potential strikes against `` the bases of the U.S. imperialist aggressor forces in Japan . ''
The Defense Department said Defense Secretary James Mattis spoke with Japanese Defense Minister Tomomi Inada and that they agreed the North Korean launches were `` an unacceptable and irresponsible act that undermines security and stability in the region . ''
The White House said President Donald Trump shared similar sentiments with Hwang and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in telephone calls Monday .
Two senior U.S. defense officials told NBC News on Monday that North Korea actually fired five missiles , not four , but that one of them failed to launch . The four missiles that made it off the launchpad traveled more than 600 miles east toward Japan .
U.S. Defense Department officials said the missile launch posed no threat to North America .
News of the deployment , which comes as President Park Geun-hye faces an impeachment trial , was greeted with caution and skepticism in South Korea . Hwang has been acting president since the National Assembly suspended Park 's powers in December .
`` Our official stance on THAAD is not that we are blindly opposing the installation , '' said Woo Sang-ho , floor leader of South Korea 's major opposition Democracy Party . `` We want certain steps to be respected , and the best policy we have been urging the Park administration was that they should not be the one to make the decision but it should be the incoming new government to deal with it . ''
Woo told NBC News : `` It is a shame that the THAAD installation started just like this , without taking proper steps , including the approval from our National Assembly . ''
South Korean protesters attend a rally to oppose a plan to deploy the THAAD missile defense system in front of the Defense Ministry in Seoul on Feb. 28 . Ahn Young-joon / AP
Yang Uk , a senior fellow at the Korea Defense & Security Forum , a private research group in Seoul , said : `` THAAD installation will not be met with fully open arms but semi-open arms . ''
`` A majority of South Korean people do understand the need for installing the THAAD and also that it is better sooner than later , but China 's trade attack and pressure on South Korean people and businesses is [ stopping ] many South Koreans from welcoming THAAD , '' Yang told NBC News .
`` The reality is that China is opposed to THAAD deployment not because of South Korea , but because of the U.S. , and so if the U.S. works closely with South Korea to alleviate China 's pressure against South Korea , more South Koreans will openly support THAAD installation , '' Yang said .
But Kim Young-woo , chairman of the National Assembly 's Defense Committee , rejected the idea that China 's opposition should influence the decision .
`` China does not really have a say here , as this is about South Korea 's defense capability . It is against the principles of free trade to put economic pressure against South Korea , '' Kim told NBC News .
`` Just look at how North Korea 's threat is escalating , '' Kim said . `` We are faced with North Korea 's fanatical obsession over weapons of mass destruction . ... The THAAD is a defense capability we need to defend ourselves . ''
North Korea is banned from testing any ballistic missile technology under a set of U.N. resolutions . But it has threatened to conduct more missile tests in response to an annual two-month joint military exercise between Seoul and Washington , which continues through April .
Buy Photo The city is planning to make buses free on the day of the March 15 primaries . ( Photo : Angeli Wright/awright @ citizen-ti ) Buy Photo
ASHEVILLE - In a move municipal leaders say will reduce `` barriers to voting '' and will show support to low-income residents , the city is planning to make all buses free on primary election day .
The City Council is set to pass a resolution Tuesday making the March 15 primary day `` fare free '' for Asheville 's transit system . The primaries include races ranging from president to county commissioner .
A ride on the city system , known as ART — or `` Asheville Redefines Transit '' — normally costs $ 1 , or 50 cents for children , seniors or disabled riders .
The resolution set to be passed by the council says `` barriers to voting include difficulty accessing transportation . ''
`` The Asheville City Council affirms that all registered voters should have access to the polls , '' the resolution says . And `` fare-free transit days are an inexpensive way to demonstrate support for the population that does not have access to affordable transportation . ''
The city normally brings in about $ 2,000 daily with bus fares , said Mariate Echeverry , city transportation planning manager fare .
Top revenue sources for city transit are federal and state grants , a subsidy from the city 's general fund made up mostly of property taxes and bus fares .
To find a bus route go to ashevillenc.gov/Departments/Transit or google.com/maps under the transit option .
Or contact ART at 828-253-5691 iride @ ashevillenc.gov or visit the station at Asheland Avenue next to the post office .
Read or Share this story : http : //avlne.ws/1paYmgj
Read the recently revealed emails from the authors of SB 1070 , and you 'll think they were written by Donald Trump . The Republican presidential candidate 's racist message sounds very familiar in Arizona , where we 've long been suffering from xenophobic politicians , bad laws , and the economic devastation they have caused .
We now have a vision of just how racially charged SB 1070 was . Advocate organizations acquired through a public records request 10,000 pages of emails from recalled former Arizona Senate President Russell Pearce ( R ) , Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach ( R ) , former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer ( R ) , and others . The report of the findings , published in October by the National Immigration Law Center , demonstrates that SB 1070 and other harsh immigration laws were crafted with a racist intention ( what the courts call animus ) .
In the emails , the proponents of those laws claimed that the nation needed to be saved from an “ invasion ” through punitive immigration laws , even though these would result in racial profiling .
Among the statements contained in those emails are the following :
“ Last week , Denver 's illegal aliens sang our national anthem in Spanish and bastardized the words of OUR country 's most sacred song . ”
. ” “ Battles commence as Mexican nationalists struggle to infuse their men into American government and strengthen control over their strongholds . One look at Los Angeles with its Mexican-American mayor shows you Vicente Fox 's general Varigossa commanding an American city . ”
. ” “ They create enclaves of separate groups that shall balkanize our nation into fractured nightmares of social unrest and poverty . ”
“ Corruption is the mechanism by which Mexico operates . Its people spawn more corruption wherever they go because it is their only known way of life . ”
because it is their only known way of life. ” “ Tough , nasty illegals and their advocates grow in such numbers that law and order will not subdue them . They run us out of our cities and states . They conquer our language and our schools . They render havoc and chaos in our schools . ”
“ We are much like the Titanic as we inbreed millions of Mexico 's poor , the world 's poor and we watch our country sink . ”
In email after email , SB 1070 's authors and promoters fabricated statistics and concocted false stories of undocumented immigrants as rapists and murderers . ( Sound familiar ? ) Pearce and others used racist propaganda to instill fear among the electorate that Latinos will destroy America .
Even though most of SB 1070 has been dismantlement by the courts and advocate organizations have settled on a better way to deal with it , law enforcement must address the remaining section , 2 ( b ) .
Arizona and the whole country still is being threatened with the rise of Trump , the inclusion of Kris Kobach 's failed rhetoric on the current Republican platform , the resurgence of laws against so-called Sanctuary Cities , the denial of marriage licenses and birth certificates to immigrants , and more .
If history is any indication , in the long run all these efforts will be repealed sooner or later , and the proponents will be cast in disgrace . Just remember how the community organized and recalled Russell Pearce in November 2011 .
Alexis Bidagan St. Martin ( April 8 , 1802 [ a ] – June 24 , 1880 ) was a Canadian voyageur who is known for his part in experiments on digestion in humans , conducted on him by the American Army physician William Beaumont between 1822 and 1833 . St. Martin was shot in a near-fatal accident in 1822 . His wound did not heal fully , leaving an opening into his stomach . Studies of St. Martin 's stomach led to greater understanding of the stomach , gastric juices and the processes of digestion . [ 3 ]
Experiments and Observations on the Gastric Juice and the Physiology of Digestion , 1833 ( p. 27 ) From Beaumont 's , 1833 ( p. 27 )
On June 6 , 1822 St. Martin was accidentally shot with a musket at close range at the fur trading post on Mackinac Island . The charge of the musket shot left a hole through his side that healed to form a fistula aperture into his stomach . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
William Beaumont , a US Army surgeon stationed at a nearby army post , treated the wound . Although St. Martin was a healthy young man in his 20s , he was not expected to recover due to the severity of his wound . [ 3 ] Beaumont explains in a later paper that the shot blew off fragments of St. Martin 's muscles and broke a few of his ribs . After bleeding him and giving him a cathartic , Beaumont marked St. Martin 's progress . For the next 17 days , all food he ate re-emerged from his new gastric fistula . Finally after 17 days , the food began to stay in St. Martin 's stomach and his bowels began to return to their natural functions . [ 4 ]
When the wound healed itself , the edge of the hole in the stomach had attached itself to the edge of the hole in the skin , creating a permanent gastric fistula . There was very little scientific understanding of digestion at the time and Beaumont recognized the opportunity he had in St. Martin – he could literally watch the processes of digestion by dangling food on a string into St. Martin 's stomach , then later pulling it out to observe to what extent it had been digested . Beaumont continued to experiment on St. Martin off and on until 1833 , performing an estimated 200 experiments in 10 years . [ 3 ]
Alexis St. Martin allowed the experiments to be conducted , not as an act to repay Beaumont for keeping him alive , but rather because Beaumont had the illiterate St. Martin sign a contract to work as a servant . Beaumont recalls the chores St. Martin did : `` During this time , in the intervals of experimenting , he performed all the duties of a common servant , chopping wood , carrying burthens , etc . with little or no suffering or inconvenience from his wound . `` [ 1 ] Although these chores were not bothersome , some of the experiments were painful to St. Martin , for example when Beaumont had placed sacks of food in the stomach , Beaumont noted : `` the boy complained of some pain and uneasiness at the breast . `` [ 4 ] :118 Other symptoms St. Martin felt during experiments were a sense of weight and distress at the epigastric fossa and slight vertigo and dimness of vision . [ citation needed ]
INDIANAPOLIS -- For many Hoosiers , Donald Trump may now have received the three biggest endorsements he could get : Bobby Knight ; Gene Keady and Lou Holtz .
Keady , who spent 25 years as men 's basketball head coach at Purdue University , joined Trump on stage Monday at a rally at The Palladium in Carmel , Indiana .
Keady was the winningest coach in Purdue 's history , and the second winningest in Big 10 Conference history – only behind former Indiana University men 's basketball head coach Bobby Knight , who endorsed Trump last week .
In a rally at the Indiana State Fairgrounds , Knight told Trump supporters the New York billionaire was the `` most prepared man in history '' to be president .
WATCH | Bobby Knight endorses Donald Trump for president
Trump also announced Monday that former Notre Dame head football coach Lou Holtz had endorsed him as well .
Trump 's campaign posted a video to his official Twitter account of Holtz explaining why he was endorsing the real estate mogul .
`` The main reason I 'm endorsing him is : I 've played in his golf course . I 've stayed in his hotels . He does nothing but first-class in everything . He wants this country to be first-class as well . ''
CME captured by NASA July 23 , 2012 ( NASA )
On July 23 , 2012 , the sun unleashed two massive clouds of plasma that barely missed a catastrophic encounter with the Earth 's atmosphere . These plasma clouds , known as coronal mass ejections ( CMEs ) , comprised a solar storm thought to be the most powerful in at least 150 years .
“ If it had hit , we would still be picking up the pieces , ” physicist Daniel Baker of the University of Colorado tells NASA .
Via NASA : `` This movie shows a coronal mass ejection ( CME ) on the sun from July 22 , 2012 at 10:00 PM EDT until 2 AM on July 23 as captured by NASA 's Solar TErrestrial RElations Observatory-Ahead ( STEREO-A ) . Because the CME headed in STEREO-A 's direction , it appears like a giant halo around the sun . NOTE : This video loops 3 times . '' ( NASA )
Fortunately , the blast site of the CMEs was not directed at Earth . Had this event occurred a week earlier when the point of eruption was Earth-facing , a potentially disastrous outcome would have unfolded .
“ I have come away from our recent studies more convinced than ever that Earth and its inhabitants were incredibly fortunate that the 2012 eruption happened when it did , ” Baker tells NASA . “ If the eruption had occurred only one week earlier , Earth would have been in the line of fire . ”
Via NASA : `` Two years ago , an intense solar storm narrowly missed Earth . If it had hit , researchers say , we could still be picking up the pieces . '' ( NASA )
A CME double whammy of this potency striking Earth would likely cripple satellite communications and could severely damage the power grid . NASA offers this sobering assessment :
Analysts believe that a direct hit … could cause widespread power blackouts , disabling everything that plugs into a wall socket . Most people would n't even be able to flush their toilet because urban water supplies largely rely on electric pumps . . . . According to a study by the National Academy of Sciences , the total economic impact could exceed $ 2 trillion or 20 times greater than the costs of a Hurricane Katrina . Multi-ton transformers damaged by such a storm might take years to repair .
CWG 's Steve Tracton put it this way in his frightening overview of the risks of a severe solar storm : “ The consequences could be devastating for commerce , transportation , agriculture and food stocks , fuel and water supplies , human health and medical facilities , national security , and daily life in general . ”
Solar physicists compare the 2012 storm to the so-called Carrington solar storm of September 1859 , named after English astronomer Richard Carrington who documented the event .
“ In my view the July 2012 storm was in all respects at least as strong as the 1859 Carrington event , ” Baker tells NASA . “ The only difference is , it missed . ”
During the Carrington event , the northern lights were seen as far south as Cuba and Hawaii according to historical accounts . The solar eruption “ caused global telegraph lines to spark , setting fire to some telegraph offices , ” NASA notes .
NASA says the July 2012 storm was particularly intense because a CME had traveled along the same path just days before the July 23 double whammy – clearing the way for maximum effect , like a snowplow .
“ This double-CME traveled through a region of space that had been cleared out by yet another CME four days earlier , ” NASA says . ” As a result , the storm clouds were not decelerated as much as usual by their transit through the interplanetary medium . ”
NASA 's online article about the science of this solar storm is well-worth the read . Perhaps the scariest finding reported in the article is this : There is a 12 percent chance of a Carrington-type event on Earth in the next 10 years according to Pete Riley of Predictive Science Inc .
“ Initially , I was quite surprised that the odds were so high , but the statistics appear to be correct , ” Riley tells NASA . “ It is a sobering figure . ”
It 's even more sobering when considering the conclusion of Steve Tracton 's 2013 article : Are we ready yet for potentially disastrous impacts of space weather ? Tracton 's answer : “ an unequivocal , if not surprising , no ! ”
The 2017 Oscars took a turn when everyone learned that Moonlight actually won Best Picture , not La La Land as originally announced .
The cinematic twist during the ceremony 's final moment stunned millions , but most importantly , the famous people had feelings . So at the precise moment when all eyes were on the stage for the awkward transition , the LA Times captured a who 's who of reactions . There 's something for everyone in this historic photograph because the expressions ran the gamut from bewildered to wincing and far beyond .
Ever the expressive dramatist , David Oyelowo looked like he might have been in disbelief . The Rock looked as if the apocalypse happened . Matt Damon 's eyebrows wordlessly communicated everything you ca n't . His pal , Ben Affleck looked to his right , not knowing what to do while Salma Hayek appeared to cringe and freeze . Oscars veteran Meryl Streep prepared to go in full crisis mode .
But there 's no debating that Busy Phillips and Michelle Williams had the best looks on their faces . Mouths agape , the standard awards show companions were very much stunned .
See the photo below .
Write to Ashley Hoffman at Ashley.Hoffman @ time.com .
The CBC 's Angela MacIvor describes the mixed feelings that come with riding the heavily-subsidized Nova Star ferry between Yarmouth and Maine .
As I sit here , the sun is shining through the large port window . I see a woman to my left knitting .
A group of women plays cards .
Others are reading a book or enjoying a drink . It 's peaceful .
The servers are nearby , ready to spring into action , but they do n't hover .
In the middle of the ocean , there is no cell service and limited WiFi ( also , the price is steep at $ 5 an hour ) .
It 's a quiet , mellow vibe .
CBC Reporter Angela MacIvor is aboard the Nova Star ferry this week , to see first-hand what it 's like to ride the controversial service . ( CBC )
Being that I am a reporter with a critical view of everything , I want to dislike this voyage so I have something to write about .
I realize that 's harsh ; however , this ferry service is a controversial subject and I have a job to do .
CBC has done many stories about the controversial ferry service .
The fact that Nova Scotia taxpayers are footing much of the bill has left a sour taste in many people 's mouths . The provincial government gave Nova Star $ 28.5 million last year and has committed another $ 13 million this season .
Meanwhile , Maine has n't provided any funding .
To make matters worse , ridership has n't been as high as initially expected , and that 's something the province wants to see increase by summer .
Nova Star keeps saying it 's on target to reach 80,000 passengers by the fall — a jump by more than 20,000 compared to 2014 .
On this voyage , there are about 130 passengers on board .
It 's definitely a far stretch from filling the ship to maximum capacity of 750 people .
All of that aside though , Nova Scotia is well represented onboard .
Local merchandise featuring Nova Scotia products line the boat 's gift shops , information tables , while art work lines the walls .
Nova Scotia musicians give passengers some local flavour , and staff members educate visitors about the home of the Bluenose .
The experience , as advertised , is just that — an experience .
Is it too much ?
It 's not the `` ferry '' ride I envisioned . When I think `` ferry , '' I think about the crossing from Pictou , N.S. , to Wood Islands , P.E.I .
I 've taken that particular route many times , and I can tell you there is nothing elaborate about it .
The 90-minute crossing from Nova Scotia to P.E.I . is on an old boat with no one serving food and drinks , other than the cafeteria . There are no activities . It 's often crowded , and finding a quiet place where you can lay your head down is rare .
Nova Star charges more , yes , but they also offer more .
The part I am wrestling with is whether it 's too much .
Many tourists do n't have the extra cash to spend a couple of hours in the spa or pay for fine dining .
On the other hand , I 've talked to passengers who decided to take a trip to Nova Scotia because of that service .
When I asked crew members who they see more on the ship , the answer was always Americans .
I even talked to one woman who brought her mother on a trip from Massachusetts to Nova Scotia because of the Nova Star . She said she would otherwise have no reason to visit Maine or Nova Scotia .
Will that lure be enough ? Can this boat generate enough income to sustain itself , rather than depending on Nova Scotia taxpayers over the next few years ?
That 's what our politicians need to determine as they meet with the governor of Maine and the mayor of Portland on Thursday .
In case you are n't fortunate enough to spend the dog days of summer luxuriating on sandy beaches and diving into deep blue ocean waters , the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) is offering a virtual alternative : a live stream of an NOAA robotic submarine exploring the great depths of the Pacific Ocean .
The recording , from yesterday ( Aug. 11 ) , shows the entirety of the NOAA Okeanos Explorer ship 's mission to 2100 meters below sea level , with the help of two remotely operated underwater vehicles ( ROVs ) . Quartz rewound the live stream to the point at which the ROV entered the ocean and accompanied it on its long descent and subsequent stroll along the ocean floor .
The Okeanos Explorer , which is traveling off the cost of Hawaii through Sept. 30 , plans on live-streaming future dives . For now , as one of the NOAA researchers says in the video , you can “ sit back , relax , and enjoy ” this dive to the bottom of our world .
Beware of what you say or post on the Internet . It seems more people are willing to take you to court and make you pay .
This photo of Adam Holland has since been doctored and turned into an internet meme , with many of the new versions insulting and derogatory . Holland is suing .
Former Leaf GM Brian Burke sent out that warning in a lawsuit last week , and now comes word from Nashville of another lawsuit seeking damages for defamatory messaging posted online . A Nashville man with a developmental disability and his parents have filed an $ 18 million lawsuit against a Tampa , Fla. , radio station , a Minnesota resident and the company behind an online “ sign generator. ” Adam Holland , who has Down syndrome , became the centre of insulting backlash on the Internet over a photo that traces back to 2004 .
Article Continued Below
He was participating in an arts class at Vanderbilt University for students with mental disabilities when he proudly held up his artwork and posed for a picture . The sign “ Go Titans One ” was a reference to the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League . Holland was only 17 at the time and nothing came of this at the time . However , nearly a decade later , the photo went viral on the Internet — and the lawsuit claims that many people repurposed the photo , replacing his hand-drawn sign with defamatory phrases . The radio station WHPT-FM 's website pictured Holland holding a sign with “ Retarded News ” written on it , according to the lawsuit .
The radio station 's media conglomerate , Cox Media Group , removed the photo from the website and issued an apology . However , more offensive material was allegedly found .
Article Continued Below
According to the lawsuit , they found a sign generator website www.signgenerator.org , operated by Gighertz , Inc. of Oswego . N.Y. , that featured Holland 's photo as part of a “ Retarded Handicap Generator. ” The website allowed users to add their own text in place of Holland 's artwork and download the image for a fee , the lawsuit claims . Another image was found on a Flickr page maintained by Minnesota resident Russell LaLevee entitled “ Wasted in the Keys. ” LaLevee described the posting , which he boasted received over 21,350 views over 25 months , as “ just a stupid photo of the sick retarded kid that lives down my street that dogs hate. ” The lawsuit claims damages for invasion of privacy , “ misappropriation of likeness , intentional infliction of emotional injury , ” among other charges . Attorney Larry Crain told the Star that the problem with Internet communication is that “ many people do not realize the consequences ” of their actions . “ Once it is published on the Internet , it is impossible to retract and there is a a need for greater public awareness of posting private information . There needs to be an understanding of the consequences that will follow. ” He said in the old days , a person who handed over a photograph had certain expectations of what would happen to that photo . “ Today it is impossible control. ” In this case , Holland , who is now 26 , did n't post this photo . It was posted by his art class . The attorney , Crain , said the mentally disabled man is “ an innocent victim ” and although he understands that “ this is wrong , he probably does n't fully appreciate the harm that has been fully inflicted on him. ” The lawsuit contains only allegations that have not been proven in court . Derogatory online postings have become a legal hot button issue as more people seek redress through the courts in lawsuits . This was brought home last week when Burke filed a lawsuit in B.C . Supreme Court to unmask 18 anonymous people who used aliases to claim Burke had an affair with Rogers Sportsnet reporter Hazel Mae and that he was the father of her child . Before Burke , there was the case of Ghyslain Raza , “ the Star Wars Kid , ” from Trois-Rivières , Quebec , who wielded an imaginary lightsabre as if he were an action figure in one of the Star Wars movies . Raza became an Internet sensation and later sued the parties who posted the video on YouTube .
A year after Germany allowed the reprinting of Adolf Hitler 's hate-filled autobiography Mein Kampf it remains a bestseller .
It has sold 85,000 copies and is now in its sixth print run at a time of rising xenophobia and mistrust of refugees in the country . Now a version in English is being considered for the UK and American markets .
'The number of sales has overwhelmed us , ' said Andreas Wirsching , director of the Institute of Contemporary History which won the right from the state of Bavaria - holder of the copyright - to republish it .
Scroll down for video
A new version of Hitler 's book Mein Kampf , pictured , has sold more than 85,000 copies
The book has been published with notes explaining Hitler 's paranoid racism
The copyright was held for 70 years by the Bavarian state who blocked all attempts to reprint the hate-filled book which sold more than 12.4 million copies to people during the Nazi era
Mein Kampf - My Struggle - is a turgid , rambling book filled with loathing of Jews and Slavs who Hitler hated from his earliest days as a down-and-out in Vienna .
When he came to power it was nigh-on compulsory for every household in the Third Reich to possess at least one copy . Royalties from it made Hitler rich and it outsold the Bible .
When Nazism imploded in 1945 all Hitler 's possessions - including the copyright to the book - passed into the possession of the Bavarian state , the place where his party was founded .
Authorities beat off numerous attempts to publish it down the years , afraid it would become a touchstone of faith for neo-Nazis . But when its 70-year copyright expired the state agreed to an annotated versuion being printed by the history institute .
The new version has copious notes explaining Hitler 's paranoid racism to deter readers from ever believing his twisted gospel .
Adolf Hitler , pictured , wrote Mein Kampf while in prison following his Munich Beer Hall Putsch
In April last year it became number one and it remains in the bestseller listings . Jewish groups opposed its republication .
But Wirshing insists : 'It turned out that the fear the publication would promote Hitler 's ideology or even make it socially acceptable and give neo-Nazis a new propaganda platform was totally unfounded .
'To the contrary , the debate about Hitler 's worldview and his approach to propaganda offered a chance to look at the causes and consequences of totalitarian ideologies , at a time in which authoritarian political views and right-wing slogans are gaining ground . '
Wirsching said many who bought the new version turned out to be readers interested in politics and history , not 'old reactionaries or right-wing radicals ' .
Recently the project even won the 'Society needs Science ' award with a €50,000 prize for how it 'reveals Hitler 's false statements and distortions , corrects factual errors and explains the contemporary context . '
But his body is not the only one publishing it . With the copyright brake off , it is also being printed by a right-wing publisher in Leipzig called Der Schelm with no textual notes which urges readers to 'have the courage to come to your own understanding ' .
Partly autobiographical , 'Mein Kampf ' outlines Hitler 's ideology that formed the basis for Nazism . He wrote it in 1924 while he was imprisoned in Bavaria for treason after his failed Beer Hall Putsch .
The book set out two ideas that he put into practice as Germany 's leader going into World War II : annexing neighbouring countries to gain 'Lebensraum ' , or 'living space ' , for Germans , and his hatred of Jews , which led to the Holocaust .
The Marriage ( Same-sex Couples ) Bill has pretty much finished its passage through the House of Lords . Not only was the majority for the principle of gay marriage higher in the Lords than in the Commons ( 225 in the Commons , 242 in the Lords ) , but pressure from peers meant the government conceded changes to the bill including on the subject of humanist weddings in England and Wales and equalising pensions for gay couples .
The bill was not amended at all during its passage through the Commons , but has been subject to extensive amendment by the government in the Lords . Aside from the two big changes mentioned above , most amendments have been fixing the drafting of the bill .
The Commons and the Lords have both spent about 48 hours debating the bill , suggesting there 's not been significant filibustering either ( allowed in the rules of the House of Lords , which does n't allow for bill debates to be guillotined ) .
This is perhaps surprising because often second chambers can be seen as the preserve of ( small-c ) conservative forces with the express purpose of thwarting progressive initiatives ; from the foundation of the Fifth Republic until 2011 , the French Senate was dominated by conservatives ; the House of Lords had , from the early 19th Century until the close of the 20th , been dominated by small- and big-c conservatives .
Even after the end of the Conservative majority in the House of Lords , there was staunch opposition to equalising the age of consent for gays in 2000 and to the creation of civil partnerships for gays in 2004 .
Given its reputation , there was widespread anxiety over whether the Lords would gut gay marriage , but instead it 's made the legislation fairer and arguably more progressive . Since 2004 , hundreds of peers have been appointed and hundreds of the older peers have died . The House of Lords is undergoing a generational change and will only get more comfortable with gay rights .
Advertisements
Story highlights Chicago approves a measure that allows citations for those carrying small amounts
Offenders would face a fine that ranges from $ 250 to $ 500
Rhode Island Gov . Lincoln Chafee signed a similar measure into law earlier this month
New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo asked legislators to reduce penalties for possession
The Chicago City Council approved a measure on Wednesday that allows police to issue citations for those carrying small amounts of marijuana rather than make arrests . It 's the latest follow through by U.S. officials to decrease penalties associated with the drug .
The ordinance , which was modified from a 2011 plan , would afford city police officers the discretion to issue a citation for those carrying up to 15 grams of marijuana . Offenders would face a fine that ranges from $ 250 to $ 500 .
`` The result is an ordinance that allows us to observe the law , while reducing the processing time for minor possession of marijuana -- ultimately freeing up police officers for the street , '' Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in a statement .
The measure will take effect on August 4 , though it would n't apply on school grounds , in parks or among offenders 16 and younger , according to mayoral spokeswoman Jennifer Martinez .
Police officers are expected to undergo training on the new policy in the next two weeks .
JUST WATCHED Rhode Island may relax marijuana laws Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Rhode Island may relax marijuana laws 05:07
Earlier this month , Rhode Island Gov . Lincoln Chafee signed a similar measure into law , allowing law enforcement to issue civil fines for the small amounts of possession , rather than arrests .
Also in June , New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo asked legislators to reduce penalties for possession of small amounts of the drug that are in public view .
Saying the aim was to avoid unnecessary misdemeanor charges against thousands of New Yorkers -- `` disproportionately black and Hispanic youth '' -- the proposed legislation `` brings consistency and fairness '' to New York 's marijuana laws , the governor 's office said .
In 1977 , New York 's legislature reduced the penalty for possessing 25 grams or fewer of marijuana to a noncriminal violation carrying a fine of no more than $ 100 for first-time offenders -- as long as the marijuana was in private possession and not in public view .
If the marijuana is out and viewable in public , it becomes a Class B misdemeanor .
Toxicological studies show that oral doses of nickel and chromium can cause cutaneous adverse reactions such as dermatitis . Additional dietary sources , such as leaching from stainless steel cookware during food preparation , are not well characterized . This study examined stainless steel grades , cooking time , repetitive cooking cycles , and multiple types of tomato sauces for their effects on nickel and chromium leaching . Trials included three types of stainless steels and a stainless steel saucepan , cooking times of 2-20 h , 10 consecutive cooking cycles , and four commercial tomato sauces . After a simulated cooking process , samples were analyzed by ICP-MS for Ni and Cr . After 6 h of cooking , Ni and Cr concentrations in tomato sauce increased up to 26- and 7-fold , respectively , depending on the grade of stainless steel . Longer cooking durations resulted in additional increases in metal leaching , where Ni concentrations increased 34-fold and Cr increased approximately 35-fold from sauces cooked without stainless steel . Cooking with new stainless steel resulted in the largest increases . Metal leaching decreases with sequential cooking cycles and stabilized after the sixth cooking cycle , although significant metal contributions to foods were still observed . The tenth cooking cycle resulted in an average of 88 μg of Ni and 86 μg of Cr leached per 126 g serving of tomato sauce . Stainless steel cookware can be an overlooked source of nickel and chromium , where the contribution is dependent on stainless steel grade , cooking time , and cookware usage .
Who wants to be on “ Who Wants To Be A Millionaire ” ? The durable quiz show will hold auditions for its new season next Wednesday , Oct. 9 , at Colonie Center — near L.L . Bean on the lower level .
Auditions start with timed multiple choice tests , to be held in back-to-back sessions from 1 p.m.-4 p.m ; potential contestants can start forming a line no earlier than noon . Folks who pass the test will then move on to an interview with one of the show 's producers .
At 4 p.m. , decade-specific tests will be held for “ By the Decade , ” a new , week-long series specializing in trivia from the '70s , '80s , '90s and 2000s . No more than 50 people can audition per decade .
According to the press release , “ producers will audition as many people as they can throughout the day. ” Auditions are first-come , first-served . Participants must be over 18 and residents of the United States , among other things ( you ca n't be a candidate for political office , apparently ) . Bring a completed audition form , picture ID and proof of age .
For the full , fine-print run-down of eligibility requirements , as well as the audition application form and other information , visit http : //www.millionairetv.com .
Hosted by Cedric the Entertainer , “ Who Wants To Be A Millionaire ” airs at 12:30 p.m. weekdays on WNYT-13 .
Yves here . The wee problem with this scenario is if it is public enough to be in Alternet , it 's way way too visible . The Clinton camp will be prepared .
By Steven Rosenfeld , who covers national political issues for AlterNet , including America 's retirement crisis , democracy and voting rights , and campaigns and elections . He is the author of “ Count My Vote : A Citizen 's Guide to Voting ” ( AlterNet Books , 2008 ) . Originally published at Alternet
Different camps inside Bernie Sanders ' 1,900-member delegation to the Democratic National Convention next week are anticipating varying degrees of protests—some telegraphing their intentions now , others planning in secret—if Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party do not make additional major concessions .
These protests go beyond high-profile public announcements in recent days , such as scholar and activist Cornell West , who was appointed to the Platform Committee at Sanders ' request , announcing he would be supporting Jill Stein , the Green Party nominee in November .
On Saturday , a group called the Bernie Delegates Network announced that more than 250 Sanders delegates had responded to its poll about the acceptability of six possible centrist vice presidential picks : Sen. Tim Kaine , D-VA ; HUD Secretary Julian Castro ; Sen. Mark Warner , D-VA ; Sen. Cory Booker , D-NJ ; Admiral James Stavridis and Admiral Mike Mullen . All were overwhelmingly rejected , with a majority of respondents saying they would “ seriously consider ” publicly denouncing a centrist VP pick and/or “ nonviolently and emphatically protesting in the convention hall during Clinton 's acceptance speech . ”
“ You see in the survey if they close Tim Kaine , or someone like Tim Kaine , it could be a somewhat unruly convention , ” said Jeff Cohen , co-founder of RootsAction , which conducted the poll in partnership with Progressive Democrats of America . “ To have two corporate centrists on the ticket when 45 percent of voters were voting for a transformative progressive agenda is a slap in the face to them and to 1,900 delegates . ”
Cohen said the poll—which did not offer any progressive choices , such as Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-MA or Sen. Sherrod Brown , D-OH—was sent to about 1,000 delegates to try to “ facilitate communication ” among people headed to Philadelphia because the once top-down Sanders campaign “ is sort of a void now. ” Cohen said , “ As of Sunday night , 212 people had said they 're ready to denounce , and 179 said they were ready to protest during Clinton 's speech . ”
The group , which hopes Clinton will pick a progressive , also has other protest plans . “ We already have a distribution network for stickers inside the hall , which delegates can wear by the hundreds , some of which are pretty oppositional , ” he said . “ One will say ‘ Stop the TPP . ' Another one will be ‘ Hillary is a war hawk . ' ”
It is important to focus on the vice presidential choice , Cohen said , because it 's one decision Clinton “ can not go back on ” or reverse , and because “ if you study U.S. history , of the 43 presidents we 've had , about a third have been vice presidents . ”
Many Possible Protests
The poll and its followup actions are one thread in an evolving tapestry of potential protests in Philadelphia . There have been other public efforts , such as e-mails to Bernie delegates since he endorsed Clinton last week that argued he did it just to get into the convention hall where he can still win . One such e-mail sent to New England delegates had this question-and-answer section :
Q : So Wait , Bernie DID N'T quit today ?
A : No . he has to say she won the primary , he endorses her and will help the party defeat Trump , yada yada but he DID NOT concede . There is a very big and important difference . Had he conceded , all of his delegates would go to Hillary and he would no longer be an option for the nominee .
Q : So Bernie can actually still win ?
A : YES . And if he was n't still TRYING to win , he would have conceded . The ONLY option he had to get to the convention with his delegates behind him and have a chance to still win was to do what he did today . He is not a traitor . He did n't sell us out . He did the only possible thing he could have done to keep fighting for the nomination .
Seeing this e-mail , one state Democratic Party official commented , “ This is the craziness that is fueling some of our nationwide delegates . I 've been told that everyone that is in a responsible position is dealing with these posts . ”
“ There are adherents to that strain of thinking , but it 's not very big , ” said Karen Bernal , a Sanders delegate from Sacramento elected as a co-representative of the California delegation , the nation 's largest . In a half-hour interview , she described a half-dozen different camps under the Bernie umbrella : the Bernie or Bust crew , reflected in the Q & A e-mail ; a similiar subset that thinks the party 's superdelegates , or hundreds of party insiders and elected officials , can still be swayed to pick Sanders ; people , like those in the VP poll , who say they are willing to publicly protest on the floor ; those who agree with those protesters but would not disrupt the proceedings ; those who will follow whatever directions Sanders or the campaign says ; and “ eventual nominee ” types , who tend to be elected or aspiring politicians , who will back Clinton .
“ As you can imagine , we have everything from the most die-hard Bernie Busters , ” Bernal said , speaking of the 200-member California delegation and its counterparts . “ In terms of the people who occupy that universe , they are almost indistinguishable from protesters you will see outside the convention . Under no circumstance will they ever vote for Hillary . They 're very protest-minded… That goes all the way to the other end of the spectrum , which is the ‘ eventual nominee ' types . These are all Bernie delegates . ”
Keeping Plans Secret
What was most intriguing about the delegation Bernal described was that the individuals and contingents who are serious about protesting are looking at a series of upcoming decisions—not just the veep pick—and are keeping quiet about their plans , she said . They are not releasing vice presidential poll results , writing op-eds about moving to the Green Party or sending out far-fetched interpretations of the strategy lurking behind Sanders ' endorsement of Clinton .
“ What I can tell you is most of the other national organizing efforts I know of are fairly insular , and you can kind of read into why they might be—because they plan actions , ” Bernal said . “ And so the organizing seems to be peered to peer , and not necessarily anything you would find publicly posted , because that is the nature of what they wish to organize . I 'll leave it at that . ”
There are going to be “ a couple of other shoes that drop ” as the Democratic conventional approaches , she said . “ The VP pick is one of them . Two other things from what I 'm hearing—not only in California but in a couple of other states—no one is accepting what has taken place regarding the minority [ platform ] report , and the fact that they have tried to shut down any kind of floor fight over the platform amendments that were rejected , particularly TPP [ Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal ] . There are lots of delegates that want to push on that and fight back and insist on some action on the floor regarding that . ”
“ The other one is whatever comes out of the Rules Committee meeting on Saturday , ” Bernal said , referring to the Sanders campaign 's effort to end the party 's superdelegate system . “ You will definitely see , if it does n't go well , which , we believe with Barney Frank as its chair , that it won't—there will be some action around that for sure . The reason you are not seeing a lot of things publicly posted is why would we want to advertise our intentions so publicly so they can be interfered with ? That 's the thinking . ”
Bernal said what 's uniting many Sanders delegates is a desire to have a roll call vote where each state announces its primaries and caucus results so the nation can see how much support there was for Sanders and his vision . Twenty-three states and 13 million people voted for Sanders , she emphasized .
In the meantime , Bernal said the Sanders campaign has barely been in contact with the state delegations , and many delegates have taken it upon themselves to do their best to represent the voters who are sending them to Philadelphia .
“ There is no two-way communication whatsoever , and even one-way communication from the campaign is very little , ” she said . And if there were top-down directions , “ I am not so sure how successful it would be , because the Bernie delegates themselves are very independently minded . They have been informed by Occupy , Black Lives Matter and so on . What you have is a movement that is self-organized . I 'm not so sure that unless the message was one of resistance , that necessarily everyone would fall into lockstep behind anything the Bernie Sanders ' campaign said . ”
And so , the many slices of Sanders supporters have taken it upon themselves to decide what message they will bring to Philadelphia .
“ In that void , you have various different self-organized organizations popping up , some of them with wide reach , ” she said . “ They are networking from state to state . Some of them are about trying to do what Bernie 's campaign wants . Some are about making a statement that is self-determined , because now everyone realizes the campaign has been compromised because of the endorsement . Kind of like snow on a warm day , they are melting into the landscape—the DNC landscape and Hillary Clinton landscape . Instinctively , many Bernie delegates see that . They are taking it upon themselves to define what they are going to insist upon at the convention . ”
Maybe CBS News missed it , but this is called EUGENICS …
Iceland is on pace to virtually eliminate Down syndrome through abortion . # CBSNOA learns more , tonight at 10pm ET/PT https : //t.co/EB6BKgQFN3 pic.twitter.com/SOKU7oe6a3 — CBS News ( @ CBSNews ) August 15 , 2017
Nearly 100 % of women in Iceland whose unborn baby tests positive for Down syndrome are aborting them . From CBS News :
Since prenatal screening tests were introduced in Iceland in the early 2000s , the vast majority of women — close to 100 percent — who received a positive test for Down syndrome terminated their pregnancy . While the tests are optional , the government states that all expectant mothers must be informed about availability of screening tests , which reveal the likelihood of a child being born with Down syndrome . Around 80 to 85 percent of pregnant women choose to take the prenatal screening test , according to Landspitali University Hospital in Reykjavik .
They act like it is the test that 's eliminating Down syndrome …
Iceland is n't actually eliminating Down Syndrome . They 're just killing everybody that has it . Big difference . # Downsyndrome # abortion https : //t.co/gAONIzqRXW — Patricia Heaton ( @ PatriciaHeaton ) August 15 , 2017
Gosh , what 's the word for killing people with a certain trait or disability – it 's on the tip of our tongue :
`` Later in the show , we 'll look at the looming Nazi menace . But first : Ai n't eugenics great ? '' https : //t.co/BOWBZRFYcL — Jim Treacher ( @ jtLOL ) August 15 , 2017
OH YEAH , that 's it .
Besides , those tests are never wrong , right ?
My nephew was misdiagnosed as down & so heavily deformed that he would not be functional . He celebrated 18 & is perfectly healthy . — ( ( ( M ) ) ) ( @ mojeaux18 ) August 15 , 2017
Hrm .
My mother was told to abort me because of a defect incompatible with life . 31 and a mother of three . — Bethany S. Mandel ( @ bethanyshondark ) August 15 , 2017
Wait , you mean doctors do n't always know best ?
Get outta here .
This tweet is written like it 's normal or routine WTF is wrong with people ? — Cameron Gray ( @ Cameron_Gray ) August 15 , 2017
It 's CBS , you have to ask ?
OMG they say it like it 's some kind of medical advancement . Monsters . ? — Kat ( @ kat1567 ) August 15 , 2017
Like it 's just every day where people abort imperfect children … yup .
Anyone believes this will stop at Down Syndrome ? — Jen DinNJ ( @ JenDinnj ) August 15 , 2017
Scary times .
Related :
‘ Because YOU think you 're a MAN ! ' Woman loses collective shiznit on cops outside Trump Tower
INDIANAPOLIS — The Broncos bathed in Super Bowl 50 's gold confetti because of a platinum defense . They want to keep the NFL 's top-ranked unit together , and have made a push to sign free-agent Malik Jackson .
The Broncos have negotiated with his agent , and have offered a longterm contract north of an average of $ 10-million a year , representing a step to keep him off the market which opens March 7 . It remains a challenge given Jackson 's anticipated suitors , who will have more salary cap space than the Broncos .
WATCH : What do the Denver Broncos do with all their free agents ?
The parameters of the current offer make sense based on comparables .
San Diego 's Corey Liuget signed a five-year , $ 51.5 million contract extension with $ 30.4 million guaranteed last June . And the Pittsburgh Steelers ' Cam Heyward agreed to a six-year , $ 59.2 million contract on the eve of training camp a year ago , taking less in guaranteed money ( $ 15 million ) , but a higher signing bonus than Liuget ( $ 12 million compared to $ 7.5 million ) .
Mile High Sports ' Eric Goodman first reported Tuesday an offer of “ five-year , $ 50-million-ish , ” saying Jackson is seeking $ 75 million .
Jackson profiles for several suitors , including the Chicago Bears , Oakland Raiders , Houston Texans and San Francisco 49ers . Jackson , 26 , posted five sacks and 45 tackles last season . He punctuated his performance with 1.5 sacks in the divisional round victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers and scored a touchdown in the Super Bowl .
Teammates have urged Jackson to return to the Broncos , but understand every situation is unique .
“ Free agency is a business at the end of the day . I hope we can get something done here , ” Jackson said after the Super Bowl . “ But I am glad I had a chance to be with this group . I never know if I will have that chance to go back again if I do n't stay here . It 's a blessing to be around these guys . They are special . ”
Troy E. Renck : , trenck @ denverpost.com or @ troyrenck
`` Trueteller '' to Fedor Holz : `` Do you think you are earned to win every hand ? ''
Teemu - Tuesday , September 6 , 2016 , Written by- Tuesday , September 6 , 2016 , Online poker
The start of the 2016 World Championship of Online Poker has created some great high-stakes cash game action over on PokerStars .
Yesterday , players like Fedor `` CrownUpGuy '' Holz and Timofey `` Trueteller '' Kuznetsov were spotted playing some No-Limit Hold'em with blinds of $ 200/ $ 400 . The game got quickly deep and things got a little heated up after Kuznetsov managed to crack Holz 's pocket kings in a over $ 200K pot .
Holz was n't clearly happy after losing the massive pot and received some extra pain from `` Trueteller '' after the hand . It appeared from the chat , that the Russian high-stakes pro is not impressed with Holz 's recent tournament results , as he asked `` do you think you are earned to win every hand ? `` , and added that it was `` not a tournament '' they were playing .
You can read the chat from below :
U.S. State No . 49 namesake and top three “ RuPaul 's Drag Race ” contestant , Alaska , is saying , “ Hi-eeee ! ” to San Francisco audiences for the next few weeks as part of the cast of “ Sex and the City : Live ! ”
The shows are being performed Thursdays to Sundays through August 10 at the Victoria Theatre , 2961 16th St. in SF . Also starring as the rest of the fierce foursome from the HBO sitcom-turned-movie-series are drag performers D'Arcy Drollinger , Lady Bear and San Francisco drag linchpin , Heklina .
Fans of Alaska might expect her to be taking on “ Sex and the City 's ” Carrie Bradshaw .
“ Originally [ Heklina ] thought that I should play Sarah Jessica Parker because we are both horse-faced blondes , but I was like , ‘ No , I want to play something challenging . I want to play against my type , ' ” Alaska said . “ I want to play Charlotte , the WASP-y brunette ! ”
But even going deep into Alaska 's closet of frocks , frills and fashion accessories , you wo n't find anything like what Kristen Davis wore as the most-conservative of the foursome on “ Sex and the City . ”
“ They are going to have to go to Saks Fifth Avenue , Ross Dress for Less or wherever they need to go and get me totally new clothes , ” Alaska said .
“ Sex and the City : Live ! ” is back after two sold-out runs in 2012 and 2013 , and is featuring two brand-new episodes during this run , made up of fan-favorite scenes from the 1998-2004 series . Heklina takes on Carrie ; Lady Bear is Miranda ; and Drollinger does double duty as the voracious Samantha as well as director of the show .
Alaska said she 's thrilled to call San Francisco home for part of the summer . “ It 's a really special place for me . When we needed to escape from Los Angeles for a little while , [ my best friend and musical director ] Handsome Jeremy and I would go up to San Francisco and spend a few days . I love it . ”
Alaska also hopes to bring her Stevie Nicks tribute cabaret show , “ Forever Stevie , ” to San Francisco very soon .
“ We 're not just fair-weather Stevie fans , who only found out about her because we watch ‘ American Horror Story , ' ” Alaska laughed .
The idea came to them while she and Handsome Jeremy had just moved to L.A. and were struggling for work . Keeping them sane was the music of Nicks and getting baked , Alaska said .
“ Forever Stevie ” runs through the icon 's entire career , from the Buckingham-Nicks era up through current solo stuff . “ Stand Back ” is Alaska 's current fave Nicks fix . “ Ooh , when you hear that in the club ! ” she said .
Visit sexandthecitylive.eventbrite.com for more info on “ Sex and the City : Live ! ” tickets .
Corey Andrew has been interviewing comedians and writing about comedy for the last decade and a half . He recently published the book , “ Laugh Lines : Conversations with Comedians. ” Corey was a writer and performer with Midwest sketch troupe , The NonProphets , before moving to the Bay Area with his family several years ago . If you have ideas for future columns about comedy , you can send them to coreywrites @ yahoo.com or follow him at twitter.com/coreyshame .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
The death of Velupillai Prabhakaran in May 2009 marked the definitive victory of the Sri Lankan army in a war that had dragged on for 26 years and entailed the deaths of tens of thousands of civilians . He ran his fief of “ liberated ” Sri Lanka with an iron fist , systematically wiping out his ethnic-Tamil opponents , as he commandeered a monopoly on Tamil resentment at rule by a Sri Lankan government dominated by ethnic Sinhalese . Prabhakaran 's Tamil Tigers were pioneers of suicide-bombing , and notorious for the cyanide pills they wore as an alternative to capture and torture . He waged terror overseas , notably in India , where his agents assassinated a former prime minister , Rajiv Gandhi , in 1991 . And Tamil expatriates around the world were bullied and frightened into providing him with finance .
Yet the end of the war in Sri Lanka was marked by little of the celebratory tone that has marked some of the reporting of the death of Muammar Qaddafi this month . A few days before the Sri Lankan army 's final victory , President Barack Obama had called on it to stop using heavy weaponry in civilian areas . And when victory came , there was almost immediate condemnation of the tactics the Sri Lankan army had used in the final months of the war ; calls for war-crimes inquiries predated the last battle , and persist to this day . Over Libya , there was no such call for restraint in the battle for Sirte , and on Qaddafi 's death , Mr Obama was quick to hail “ the end of a long and painful chapter for the people of Libya ” .
So it is not surprising that some commentators in Sri Lanka have been offended by the triumphalist tone of some of the Western coverage of the end of Muammar Qaddafi . Jehan Perera , a brave liberal voice who has constantly called for accountability in Sri Lanka , asked why there has been so little condemnation of the conduct of the last phase of the war in Libya , from either governments or human-rights watchdogs . His gloomy conclusion : “ Undoubtedly a big part of the reason is that the very countries in the forefront of the war in Libya are also those that are the proponents of human rights . ”
It is not just in Sri Lanka that the hypocrisy of Western attitudes has rankled . In China , a commentary in Global Times , a Beijing newspaper , highlighted another aspect of it : “ The more urgent question is why the countries that led a righteous crusade against Qaddafi , and rightly or wrongly are now triumphing in his defeat , are the very same that up until recently were busy trying to be his friends ? ” So , of course , was China . But two hypocrites do not make a right .
The assassination in Pakistan in May of Osama bin Laden , without the Pakistani government 's knowledge , let alone permission , and the Western-backed onslaught on Sirte which culminated in the death of Qaddafi leave an impression of double standards . Both men did great evil . Both deserved to face justice . But the way the American administration has , in one case , arranged their killing , and in both , reacted to their deaths , suggests that their crime was not to kill huge numbers of people . Rather , it was to kill—over Lockerbie , in New York , Washington and Pennsylvania—huge numbers of Americans . Of course , a different standard applies when you take on the superpower . But this superpower and its allies seek to assert their standards and values as universal .
Asia 's dictatorships have long taken this with a pinch of salt . In the most despotic of them all , North Korea , Kim Jong Il will have watched satellite footage , denied his people , of Qaddafi 's end , and thought : “ There but for the grace of a minimal nuclear deterrent go I. ” Whatever slim hope survived that Mr Kim might voluntarily dispose of his nuclear capability evaporated when the West swung its military might behind the anti-Qaddafi rebellion . Nor is Mr Kim likely to be tempted by ideas of political liberalisation . Why tinker with a formula—of utter repression—that has endured for more than six decades ?
The generals in Myanmar , however , seem to have drawn the opposite lesson from the “ Arab spring ” . With a constitution in place that assures them of ultimate power—and that can not be changed without their say-so—they are hastening to present at least the appearance of fundamental political change . They have relaxed some press restrictions , flouted the will of their ally China by suspending a big dam project , and charmed the leader of the opposition , Aung San Suu Kyi , into contemplating the entry of her party into mainstream politics .
And yet , reasons to cheer
Regardless of the murky circumstances of Qaddafi 's demise , that is also the message taken by optimists across Asia . As Yang Hengjun , a widely followed Chinese-born Australian blogger , put it on the website of Hong Kong University 's “ China Media Project ” : “ If the autocratic rulers of the world do not loosen their grip on power , they will find themselves without choices , like Nicolae Ceausescu , Saddam Hussein and Qaddafi before them . ”
And the hypocrisy of the Western powers is not absolute . It is tempered by the accountability democracy brings . As Mr Perera notes , Western governments have been willing to have alleged abuses investigated . Donald Rumsfeld , the defence secretary at the time , eventually took responsibility for American mistreatment of detainees at Abu Ghraib in Iraq , calling it “ inconsistent with the values of our nation ” . Sri Lanka by contrast has tolerated no independent and credible inquiry into the end of its civil war . It matters far beyond the Middle East that the new order in Libya does so .
UPDATE : Apparently Sri Lanka 's ministry for external affairs is having a similar thought along these lines .
Unable to play video . Neither flash nor html5 is supported !
The Trumps ca n't get their heads around Kathy Griffin 's controversial photo shoot
President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump took stabs at the comic Wednesday for posing with a fake , bloody rendering of his severed head in a photo that has already launched a Secret Service probe .
“ Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself . My children , especially my 11 year old son , Barron , are having a hard time with this . Sick ! ” Trump wrote .
Melania issued a statement calling the photo `` very disturbing '' and questioning the mental fitness of those who made it .
 The photo of Kathy Griffin holding a rendering of President Trump 's severed head . ( Courtesy of Tyler Shields )
`` When you consider some of the atrocities happening in the world today , a photo opportunity like this is simply wrong and makes you wonder about the mental health of the person who did it , '' the statement said .
These were the First Family 's first comments about the photoshoot from the previous day that drew universal disgust , even from Griffin 's famous friends , such as CNN New Year 's Eve co-host Anderson Cooper . Squatty Potty , a toilet stool company , also suspended an ad campaign featuring the comic .
The Secret Service hinted on Twitter that it saw the photo as a threat of the `` highest priority , '' and TMZ reported Wednesday the agency opened an investigation into `` the circumstances surrounding the photo shoot . '' Agents are expected to talk to Griffin and the photographer , Tyler Shields .
 Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself . My children , especially my 11 year old son , Barron , are having a hard time with this . Sick ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 31 , 2017
Griffin apologized for the bloody pic Tuesday night , saying she “ went too far . ”
“ The image is too disturbing . I understand how it offends people . It was n't funny . I get it , ” she said in a statement .
Shields told the Daily News the beheading photo was “ art ” and he would “ never want anyone to be killed . ”

This is Peter Hitchens 's Mail on Sunday column
Speed bumps are solidified selfishness . They are there because far too many drivers refuse to be careful or considerate . I do n't like them , but if they go , we 'll have to have something else.I 'd recommend taking those largely useless speed cameras away from main roads , and putting them on every suburban street instead , set at 20mph .
For a few months they 'd make millions in fines . Then people might just change their behaviour . I seethe with rage when I see the way normal , kindly , considerate people hurtle heedlessly down such roads at 30 or 40 miles an hour at the wheel of a ton of steel , rubber and glass . What if a small child runs out into the road , which is almost always cluttered by parked cars these days ?
Do they have any idea what might then happen ?
Of how , without warning , they could be standing grey-faced at the roadside pleading with the paramedics for reassurance that their victim is going to be all right , and getting silence in return ?
They act as if they do n't have any such idea . And yet , as I say , these are otherwise good people . Why is this ? I suspect it is because it is absolutely true that power tends to corrupt – and for most of us , the biggest taste of power we get is when we slide behind the wheel of a car . The car advertisements sell us the idea that , cradled in our shiny toy , we need only to touch the gas pedal to be roaring along deserted roads .
The dreary truth , that most car journeys are slower than going by bicycle , waiting for lights , waiting at junctions , waiting for pedestrians to cross the road , crawling past roadworks , is hard to bear . Even if you 're in a Lamborghini , and most of us are not , you can rarely use the power you have .
So at the first hint of an even slightly open road , even if it 's a suburban street , down goes the foot . This is fairly new . Until quite recently , the average family car accelerated like a pensioner . Its brakes were feeble . The absence of seatbelts and airbags meant a likely journey to hospital via the windscreen if anything went wrong . But modern cars make selfishness safer , and offer temptations those sluggish old Hillmans and Austins never had .
And that is why we ended up with speed bumps . Because too many people drove angrily and selfishly , and the large part of the population who do n't drive quite reasonably did n't like it .
The trouble was , the speed bumps just made them angrier , so they drove even more foolishly when there were no bumps .
If you do n't want speed bumps or speed cameras , just imagine what it would be like to hit a child at the speed you 're doing .
And slow down .
A Razor-sharp expose of our broken society
One of the greatest men of our age is a retired prison doctor and psychiatrist , Theodore Dalrymple . For decades he worked in a major British jail , listening to the excuses and self-justifications of people who had done terrible things to others , and to themselves .
Refusing to follow fashion , and genuinely concerned for these often very sad characters , he treated them as adults , urging them to take responsibility for their actions instead of offering excuses for them .
Many , who had come to despise authority , were glad to be up against someone they could not easily fool .
My guess is that many of those he treated benefited greatly from his tough-minded approach . He did n't fill them with pills or substitute one drug for another .
His observations of the way heroin abusers feign terrible discomfort , after arriving in prison and being deprived of their drug , is both funny and a badly needed corrective to conventional wisdom .
All this is to be found in a short , hugely readable new book called The Knife Went In .
The title , a quotation from an actual murderer , is an example of the way such people refuse to admit they had any part in the crimes they commit . The knife somehow got there and went into the victim , by itself .
It is a series of short , gripping real-life stories in which he recounts his experiences with our broken , lying penal system with its fake prison sentences , its ridiculous form-filling as a substitute for action .
It is mainly about prisons and crime , but it tells a deep truth about the sort of society we have become . It is one in which almost nobody is , or wants to be , responsible for anything .
A future historian , a century hence , will learn more about 21st Century Britain from this book than from any official document . So will you . Please read it .
Is this serious ?
Is n't ‘ security ' a joke ? If we really faced imminent doom from Islamic State , would this armedto- the-teeth robocop have time to enjoy a laugh with the ladies of Goodwood ?
Of course not . He 'd be scanning the crowd incessantly for danger . As it is , what are he and his colleagues even doing there ? Security excuses stupidity .
As far as I know , British holidaymakers played no part in recent terror attacks in Paris and Brussels .
Indeed , you can travel between these two cities without a passport . I 've done it , as have many drug-addled Islamist fanatics .
So why are these outrages the excuse for forcing thousands of British holidaymakers to stand in airport passport queues for long , miserable hours ?
Why do we accept this drivel so meekly ?
The REAL villain behind your surging electricity bill
I feel sorry for British Gas , attacked for raising the price of electricity . I still find it confusing a gas company sells electricity , but the facts are quite simple .
British Gas and the other power companies are raising charges because we have a mad Government . Under New Labour 's unhinged Climate Change Act , backed by the Tories and virtually unopposed in Parliament , we are steering straight into an iceberg .
Perfectly good coal-fired power stations all over the country are being shut down and blown up so they ca n't be reopened , because of crazed Green regulations .
In some cases , they are being converted to burning wood chips imported from the USA . If this did any good ( which is , er , unproven ) it would be immediately cancelled out by the huge number of new coal-fired power stations recently built in India and China .
Our nuclear generators are slowly dying . Plans to replace them are hopelessly behind . The Government assumed that the growing gap between what we use and what we generate would be met by new gas-fired stations , but nobody has built them .
So instead , it hopes to meet the need with French nuclear electricity brought under the Channel , which we ca n't rely on if the French need is more ; and on power generated by wind , which does n't blow all the time , and sun which does n't shine all the time .
And it is the cost of subsidising the sun and wind power which is forcing up electricity prices . So is the need to link remote windmills expensively to the grid . There 's also the cost of setting up special parks of diesel generators to prevent power cuts if all else fails .
Diesel ? Yes , the devilish fuel we 're trying to drive off the roads could be what saves you from a Christmas blackout .
Currently , the Green levy , the main reason for the latest price rise , makes up at least £73 of an average £562 annual electricity bill . It 's going to go up a lot more . I think the power companies should put this on their bills in big letters . Then Parliament might be forced to rethink its mad warmist dogma , and follow a sane power policy .
If you want to comment on Peter Hitchens , click on Comments and scroll down
Nokia Lumia 800 , the company 's flagship Windows Phone device , has been officially launched at the Nokia World conference in London today .
However , I had a chance to spend a little bit of time with the Lumia 800 prior to the launch . Not enough time to write a review—I ca n't speak to the call quality or battery life — but I can say that it felt great in my hand , had a gorgeous screen and a truly winning form factor .
Superb Design
Nokia 's New Devices
If any company matches Apple when it comes to industrial design for their mobile phones , it 's Nokia . Nokia might not have the same panache or flair for crafting beautiful looking devices , but the company certainly thinks about every little detail .
I 've been told that Nokia really goes the extra mile when it comes to crafting its handsets . The polycarbonate shells for phones are n't simply sprayed with paint on the exterior . The whole of the material is dyed so that if scratched , the phone maintains its color . Nokia even tests various lotions creams against the materials it uses to make sure that the exterior of its devices wo n't stain .
This precision and attention to detail was made clear in a recent video showing off how the N9 is made . The N9 , Nokia 's first and last MeeGo phone , was unveiled in June . Although doomed from the start because of Nokia 's decision to partner with Microsoft and focus on creating Windows Phone devices , the device is beautiful .
Fortunately , all of that hard work and engineering has n't gone to waste . The new Lumia 800 takes the N9 design , adds a dedicated camera button and replaces MeeGo with Mango ( Windows Phone 7.5 ) .
The Feel
The first thing that struck me about the Lumia 800 was how it felt in my hand . It was light , yet it did n't feel insubstantial . It seemed to weigh less than my iPhone , but unlike some other devices , it did n't feel of lesser quality .
Likewise , the shape of the device was very well thought out . The sides of the device are curved , but the top and bottom taper and become flat .
The screen , which I 'll discuss in more detail below , is curved to the design but done so in such a way that it looks and feels as if it is all one single piece of material .
The Screen
The pixel density may not match what Apple is offering in the iPhone 4/4S , but the screen that Nokia is using for the Lumia 800 is a thing of beauty .
Using Nokia 's own version of Super AMOLED Plus , the blacks were black , the colors vibrant and text a joy to read .
Beyond that , the feel of the screen itself was smooth and responsive . The curve of the glass fit so nicely with the fit of the phone that it just felt right in a way that the curved glass of the Nexus S just did n't feel right to me .
Camera
I did n't have a chance to use the camera other than to load up the software — but the Carl Zeiss optics have a good track record in past Nokia phones .
Nokia has always put lots of efforts into its camera optics and if the Lumia 800 is as good as the N9 , users are in for a treat .
As a Windows Phone
When I got to handle the Lumia 800 , I did so alongside a number of other Windows Phone devices . Some of these have been announced and some are still prototypes . With Windows Phone , Microsoft has given manufacturers a minimum set of requirements that must be matched .
Phone makers , at their own discretion , can tweak things like the size of the screen , the power of the camera and the speed of the processor . I think this is a smart approach because it ensures that each phone will maintain a minimum set of requirements , but still lets phone makers switch things up to differentiate themselves from the rest of the market .
Despite seeing a lot of nice looking phones from all ends of the market , the Lumia 800 was clearly the best looking , best-feeling and most-promising phone of the bunch .
To Microsoft 's credit , on the software side , it seemed just as quick and responsive as any other phone running Mango . Microsoft is still in the early stages with Windows Phone . The full push to Mango took place earlier this month and users are giving it solid marks .
Having spent some time with Windows Phone on and off over the past year , I like the OS . I 'll be blunt , I 'm an iOS user and I do n't see that changing any time in the near future . Having said that , I 've long-maintained that Windows Phone would be my second choice for a mobile OS . That was before the release of Mango and before the Lumia 800 . The time I 've spent with Mango in the last few weeks has impressed me .
Microsoft is doing some interesting stuff with voice search that is similar to what Apple is doing with Siri . The Microsoft voice recognition is n't as good , as the types of functions and activities that can be controlled with search are n't as well defined . Still , it 's clear Microsoft is thinking about approaching navigation , discovery and mobile search in new and unique ways .
Microsoft has done something really special on the software side that allows users to pin certain functions of an application — like just the voice reminder function of Evernote — to a home screen . In short , the software that Microsoft has been building is great . What the company has needed , however , is flagship hardware .
As nice as some of the other Windows Phones are — and they are nice — nothing before the Lumia 800 really stood out against the smartphone competition . That 's changed .
Bringing Out the Big Guns
The Lumia 800 may be the best thing to happen to Windows Phone , not because it 's a great looking phone — but because it has the type of design that might make more users consider Windows Phone as a platform .
That 's what the original Droid did for Android . It gave Android a brand name and in the U.S. , a flagship device that could go toe-to-toe with the iPhone . It did n't matter if a user ultimately ended up buying an HTC or Samsung Android device , the Motorola Droid was what conceptualized and sold the Android OS experience to millions of users .
Microsoft and Nokia are both betting that the Lumia 800 does the same thing . For Nokia , this is Waterloo and it 's time to stand and deliver . At least in my limited time with the device , it 's delivered . This is a phone that has the goods and the OS — Windows Phone 7.5 — is worthy of its beauty .
Now we wait to see how the public at large responds .
A plan to ban local and county jails in California from detaining illegal immigrants with immigration detainers is being pushed by open borders organizations . The groups have ties to globalist billionaire George Soros .
As left-wing blog Mother Jones reported , the initiative to protect illegal immigrants would be included in the California state budget . The proposal makes it illegal for local or county jails from entering into agreements with federal immigration authorities to protect Americans from illegal immigrant crime .
Coincidentally , the two organizations pushing the plan behind the scenes have links to Soros and his infamous Open Society Foundation , which serves as a slush-fund to enrich left-wing social justice and open borders groups .
For instance , the Immigrant Legal Resource Center ( ILRC ) , which is promoting the plan , has taken grant money from Soros ' Open Society Foundation since at least 2009 when it received $ 200,000 from Soros .
In 2012 , ILRC took even more money from the Open Society Foundation , receiving more than $ 1.8 million from Soros that year .
The other open borders organization behind the pro-illegal immigrant California plan is the Community Initiatives for Visiting Immigrants in Confinement ( CIVIC ) This group also has staff ties to Soros .
CIVIC staffer Tina Shull runs the organization 's “ storytelling projects , ” while also being a recipient of the Soros Justice Fellowship , a Soros-funded grant department that gives out anywhere between $ 58,700 to $ 110,250 to specific individuals for social justice advocacy .
CIVIC 's co-executive director Christina Fialho told Mother Jones in an interview that California potential ban on detaining illegal immigrants was a “ powerful first step ” in the state 's overall agenda to oppose President Trump 's agenda .
This is not the first California initiative this year that Soros-linked organizations have pushed . Breitbart Texas reported in May that the Soros-funded Alliance of Californians for Community Empowerment ( ACCE ) pushed legislation forcing landlords to rent to illegal immigrants , even after they know their immigration status .
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @ JxhnBinder .
Drinking three to five cups of coffee a day might help you live longer , according to new research .
Moderate coffee consumption reduces the risk of dying prematurely from heart disease , neurological conditions such as Parkinson 's disease , and Type 2 diabetes , scientists found .
It also seems to lower the risk of suicide - but no association was seen with rates of cancer death .
`` This study provides further evidence that moderate consumption of coffee may confer health benefits in terms of reducing premature death due to several diseases . ''
Whether or not the coffee drunk contained caffeine made no difference . The benefits are thought to be linked to other plant compounds in coffee besides the stimulant .
Lead scientist Ming Ding , from the Harvard T H Chan School of Public Health in the US , said : `` Bioactive compounds in coffee reduce insulin resistance and systematic inflammation . That could explain some of our findings . However , more studies are needed to investigate the biological mechanisms producing these effects . ''
The results , published in the journal Circulation , are from a pooled analysis of three large on-going studies with a total of 208,501 male and female participants .
Photo : Bloomberg
Coffee drinking was assessed using food questionnaires completed every four years for around 30 years .
Compared with less or no coffee drinking , moderate coffee consumption was associated with a significant reduced risk of death across a range of causes .
The analysis took into account other factors that could have influenced the results including smoking , body mass index ( BMI ) , levels of physical activity , alcohol consumption and diet .
Co-author Professor Frank Hu , also from the Harvard T H Chan School of Public Health , said : `` This study provides further evidence that moderate consumption of coffee may confer health benefits in terms of reducing premature death due to several diseases . ''
Emily Reeve , senior cardiac nurse at the British Heart Foundation , said : `` It is important to remember that maintaining a healthy lifestyle is what really matters if you want to keep your heart healthy , not how much coffee you drink .
`` Previous research suggests that drinking up to five cups of coffee a day is not harmful to your cardiovascular health , and this study supports that . But more research is needed to fully understand how coffee affects our body and what it is in coffee that may affect a person 's risk of heart attack or stroke . ''
Sajna Mehsud . ( Photo credit : Dawn )
US and Afghan forces are reported to have targeted a group of leaders and operatives from the Pakistan-based Movement of the Taliban in South Waziristan , the Haqqani Network , and al Qaeda , according to reports from the region . At least one senior leader , known as Azam Tariq , is thought to have been killed in the strike .
The airstrike took place in the Laman area of the eastern Afghan province of Paktika on Sept. 24 , according to RFE/RL .
Tariq , a former spokesman in the Movement of the Taliban in Pakistan , his son , and two additional leaders from his group were killed along with three unidentified al Qaeda leaders and six operatives , Afghan officials told RFE/RL . The governor of Paktika also said that Haqqani Network members were present during the airstrike .
Paktika : Jihadist haven
The Movement of the Taliban in South Waziristan and al Qaeda are known to have a presence in Paktika province . Paktika abuts the Pakistani tribal agency of South Waziristan , and jihadists move freely across the unmonitored border .
The US hit the Movement of the Taliban in South Waziristan in an airstrike in Paktika in February 2016 ; 18 of its fighters are reported to have been killed .
The Movement of the Taliban in South Waziristan is a breakaway faction of the Movement of the Taliban in Pakistan . Its leader , Sajna Mehsud , a.k.a . Khan Said , is listed by the US government as a specially designated global terrorists . His forces are known to wage jihad in both Afghanistan and Pakistan . US intelligence officials who track the Taliban and al Qaeda in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region have told The Long War Journal in 2015 that Sajna remains a close ally of al Qaeda . [ See LWJ report , US strikes Pakistani Taliban faction in eastern Afghanistan . ]
The presence of Sajna 's forces in eastern Paktika is not surprising , as multiple Taliban factions – including the Haqqani Network and al Qaeda – are known to operate there .
Al Qaeda , which is a close ally of the Haqqani Network , a powerful Taliban faction that is entrenched in Paktika , is also known to operate in the province . Just two days ago , General John Nicholson , the commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan , said that the US military is hunting al Qaeda in Paktika and six other provinces in Afghanistan .
In the summer of 2015 , two senior al Qaeda leaders were killed by the US in airstrikes in Paktika 's Gomal and Bermal districts .
At the end of July 2015 , the US killed Abu Khalil al Sudani , a senior al Qaeda leader who took direction from Ayman al Zawahiri , in an airstrike in Paktika 's Bermal district . Sudani had a hand in al Qaeda 's external operations network , which plots attacks against the US and the West . On Sept. 14 , 2015 , Afghan intelligence said that it killed an al Qaeda commander known as as Khuram in the Gomal district .
Additionally , al Qaeda is known to have operated a camp in Bermal during the summer of 2015 . The raid on the Bermal camp gave the US information on the existence of two other al Qaeda training camps in the Shorabak district in Kandahar province , the outgoing commander of US forces in Afghanistan , General John Campbell , told The Washington Post last year .
US and Afghan special operations forces rescued Ali Haider Gilani , the son of Pakistan 's former prime minister , in a joint raid in May 2016 in Paktika province . Gilani later told reporters that he was held by al Qaeda .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation . Thanks for reading ! You can make a tax-deductible donation here .
The Firestorm Tool Tip Tuesday video for Tuesday , February 24th offers insight into using local chat as a quick means of using a number of viewer-related and other command options .
This is achieved by using what Firestorm calls the “ command line options ” , which can also be found in some third-party viewers ( Singularity being another which uses the capability ) . There are essentially pre-configured shortcuts which allow you to do a number of things ; for example , you can quickly step your draw distance down / up , or teleport to a specific region or height within a region , rez a platform , and so on .
In the video , Jessica takes viewers through several of the more popular command line options as well as looking at some of the commands people might not be so familiar with , such as the calculator , turning your Firestorm AO off / on , clearing-down your local chat history display , and so on . She also touches upon customising the command names to make them easier to remember and use , if you need to .
So , if you 've never looked into using chat command via the command line option , this is the video for you !
Advertisements
While we 're working on the beer list for World Beer Festival Durham 2017 , check out what we poured at last year 's festival ! Be sure to check back with us later as we announce the breweries and beers for this year 's event .
Note : In an effort to showcase a highly diverse range of styles and flavors many of the beers selected are seasonal beers with a limited availability and therefore the list is subject to change .
* * You must be 21+ to attend the World Beer Festival . No children admitted * *
The steaks stacked in the coolers of butcher shops in New York may be marketed as local , but just what that label means varies widely .
The state actually has no definition for classifying whether beef sold under that label is locally produced ; the duty of deciding what 's local falls to the store selling the meat .
Cattle raising in New York state is pretty modest by Texan standards ( which had more than 4 million at the start of the year ) . There are about 6,000 New York farmers raising 90,000 cattle , according to the Department of Agriculture census . That averages out to about two dozen cattle per farmer .
But only about a third of those cattle will spend their whole lives in New York and end up on dinner plates here , according to Mike Baker , beef expert at the Cornell Cooperative Extension . There are two main reasons for that , he says .
While New York farmland is good for grazing cattle , Baker explains , the state 's short growing season means it 's expensive to finish them , or feed them on grain the final months before slaughter . So it 's cheaper for farmers to ship their cattle out to the Mid-West where they 're finished on corn .
`` They 'll be slaughtered out [ in ] Nebraska , Colorado , '' Baker says . `` And then , of course , we 've got the population center on the East Coast so the beef comes back here . ''
And then for the cattle that are finished here in New York , it can be tough to get them into slaughterhouses . Most cattle will be ready for slaughter around the same time of the year - in the fall - and there 's not enough capacity at the state 's 40 or so slaughterhouses . Farmers have to make appointments six to eight months in advance , according to the New York Beef Producers Association .
That means a lot of cattle end up being sent south to Pennsylvania where there are two commercial scale slaughterhouses . From there , the beef enters the national food chain .
'Thank you for being a farmer '
But there are farmers in New York that are trying to raise their cattle locally and sell them close by .
Eve Ann Schwartz feeds a few younger steers in her barn at Maple Avenue Farms in Earlville , N.Y. before heading out to the fields , where most of her cattle are grazing .
The Schwartz 's have one of the larger cattle farms in Madison County , with a few hundred cattle . They do all their own calving , finishing and marketing of their beef .
On a rainy spring afternoon , Schwartz and her farm hand are heading to the top of her hilly farm to move part of her herd to a lower field . Shouts of `` hidy up ! '' and `` let 's go ! '' ring out as the cattle begin to slowly move in the same direction . The cattle match Schwartz 's noisemaking with plenty of mooing of their own .
Schwartz sends her cattle to a local slaughterhouse and gets it back for packaging . Maple Avenue sends all their beef to a few boutique markets in New York City . The farm falls within a 250 mile radius the stores draw to find their local products .
`` I do n't think there 's anything better than standing at the farmers market in New York City and having the customer say , ‘ thank you so much for coming down here and selling us our beef . Thank you for being a farmer , ' '' Schawtz says while chasing a calf out from under a tree . `` I mean you just do n't get that . ''
But for many farmers , the extra labor involved in packaging and distributing their meat , or selling it at farmer 's markets is n't worth it , despite being able to charge a higher price for the beef .
Economy of scale
But there is a group of farmers in Madison County that is trying to make it easier to sell truly local meat by addressing the shortage of slaughterhouses .
About five years ago beef farmer Paul O'Mara helped start the cooperative Side Hill Farmers . The co-op set out with the ambitious goal of opening a slaughterhouse and even hired someone to come up with a business plan .
But O'Mara says they got worried those industrial-sized operations in Pennsylvania would try to run them out of business .
`` It 's difficult for somebody that might process 15 or 20 animals a week to compete against someone that 's doing 15 to 20 animals a minute , '' he says .
So they 're working backwards , as O'Mara puts it . They 're selling their meat through their website now . This summer they 'll be opening a butcher shop and produce stand in Manlius , east of Syracuse .
Side Hill will also be a big part of a new food hub opening next year in Canastota . They 'll get their meat back from local slaughterhouses and then do what O'Mara calls `` value added '' work to the meat - packaging it as meatballs or steaks - and before selling it .
The cooperative has a 75 mile limit for the farms they 'll call local . Opening their own slaughterhouse is still the vision , O'Mara says , but it 's a long ways off for now .
`` That 's what people that will pay the extra for local demand , that we can track it , '' he says . `` We have the ability to track the animal from birth right to the plate and that 's important to us ; it 's important to a lot of consumers . ''
Bruce Haden is an award-winning Vancouver-based architect . On Wednesday , he spoke at the TED conference – not about architecture or urban design , but about drug policy . He called for a move away from controlling drug use by making it illegal , and moving to a different system of regulation .
`` The supporters of the current policy of prohibition have had their time to make it work and they have failed , '' he said . `` Drug interdiction is not effective and it 's not ethical . ''
Mr. Haden 's knowledge of this issue was not learned in school or from reading a story in the newspaper . It hit him in the gut on June 7 , 2008 , when he could not reach his younger brother , with whom he was supposed to be having dinner . He went to his brother 's three-storey stucco walk-up apartment in Kitsilano with his girlfriend to look for him .
Story continues below advertisement
`` As we climbed the stairs , we noticed a terrible chemical stench . His doorway was blocked by a heavy object , '' he told the silent TED audience . `` That object was his body . ''
Paul Haden was a respected hospital lab technologist who loved science , his brother explained . He was also a manufacturer of illegal drugs , principally MDMA – or ecstasy . He died purifying 2.2 kilograms of dirty street ecstasy in his kitchen .
He was not driven by financial considerations ( even if he did make money doing it ) , Mr. Haden says . Rather , his core passion was a commitment to a safe supply for ecstasy users .
`` Paul was not a drug dealer in the usual sense ; he was an activist . He believed that drug use was , like prostitution , an ingrained aspect of any advanced culture that could never be wiped out by prohibition . In his view , the greatest harm in our culture 's relationship with drugs was the absence of a safe supply and a lack of honest information about responsible use and risks . This harm is a direct result of a system that treats matters of drugs and addiction as criminal justice matters , not as issues of health and education , '' Mr. Haden said to hoots and applause from the well-heeled and educated TED crowd .
`` Put another way , he knew that kids were going to do ' E ' at raves no matter how many cops you have on the street . And he thought those kids should know what they were getting . ''
Mr. Haden says his brother , who worked at Burnaby General Hospital , was no hero – he lied about his drug use , and his final actions forced his neighbours to evacuate their homes for two days . ( The beakers of chemicals boiling on his stove top also meant the contents of his own apartment were so toxic they had to be destroyed . The family could not even recover photos from his computer hard drive . ) But his brother 's death , at the age of 44 , has led Mr. Haden to become an advocate himself and fight for changes in drug policy .
`` There is a direct line between the death of my brother , at least 10 recent and completely avoidable deaths in Western Canada caused by toxic dirty ecstasy , millions of lives ruined by incarceration , gang violence and more than 50,000 vicious drug war deaths in Mexico and Central America , '' Mr. Haden said . `` As creators of the current system of prohibition , those deaths are our responsibility . We have blood on our hands . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Haden pointed out that his father , a successful psychiatrist , was also addicted to a substance – but because it was alcohol , and he had access to a reliable and clean supply of scotch , he was able to hold a job and raise a family and live his life . ( Another brother , Mark Haden , is a drug and addiction counsellor and drug policy activist who focuses on the issue of gradated legalization . ) Bruce Haden says he is speaking openly about Paul 's death because he believes people with personal experience and credibility who are not necessarily experts about an issue can be important catalysts for change when they speak out .
`` A strategy guided by public-health best practices that makes substances carefully available , but does not promote the use , is one that 's proven to reduce use , abuse , addiction and the terrible social consequences of prohibition . ''
Mr. Haden has spoken about his brother and this issue before in Vancouver , but bringing it to the TED stage takes it to another level . `` For me , this is a little bit of an act of service because the TED audience is so powerful , '' he told The Globe and Mail after his appearance .
I 've enjoyed sandbox games in the past and do n't doubt for a second the technical skills needed to create them . But in eight years , they 've barely changed and the things most exciting about video games right now have nothing to do with the open world .
The implicit promise of a sandbox game is of endless and varied adventure but ultimately , you perform the same tasks , not just in one particular franchise of sandbox games but in all of them . You destroy enemy camps , you collect items , you fight bosses and you build upgrades , and it 's all framed in the cold , numerical sense as progression .
What you do in sandbox games , essentially , is eaten the world . You pick it clean of places and activities and people , growing fat off experience points and gameplay benefits in the process . What you 're eating is fast food – it 's always the same .
In Avalanche Studios ' Mad Max , every single boss at every single enemy camp has the same character model , and dies in exactly the same way using exactly the same death animation . In Red Dead Redemption , you come across the same `` random encounter '' – an escaped convict , a gang of criminals trying to rob you – about 10 or 15 times . Climbing a lookout tower in Assassin 's Creed is always pretty much the same . Finding collectibles is doing the same thing a hundred , 200 or 300 times .
I do n't have a problem with this in the entitled sense . I 'm not cross that games are n't giving me , the precious player , original and imaginative things to do . On the contrary , I think sandbox games are killing themselves , and the magnificent proposition of the open world , by insisting on filling themselves with garbage – it 's such a shame too that video game designers , as well being the people most equipped to create places such as Skyrim or Kyrat , are also the ones most likely to cover those places with useless , video game junk .
I prefer the structure of LA Noire , where you drive from scripted encounter to scripted encounter , and the city serves merely as window dressing . It gives you a sense of time and place . Unlike game worlds that are filled corner to corner with crap for you to consume , you do n't feel like the centre of this universe , as if these characters and people have lives beyond when you interact with them . This feels like an opaque , real place rather than an accessible , playable one , and it adds weight to everything you do .
Sandbox games continue to be popular due to game-makers ' persistent belief in player-driven narrative , the idea that a player 's actions and choices , when combined with the programmed chaos of an open-world , can create an interesting or valuable story . But I 've personally never been moved or challenged , in any significant way , by the things that have happened uniquely to me in sandbox games . They 've given me a few good anecdotes , some funny or slightly evocative tales to share with friends , but a player-driven design is yet to prove itself a substitute for good writing .
The promise of getting to do whatever I want - the idea of sheer play – since I 'm not a child , does n't enthuse me . Art and entertainment are magical to me because they teach and ingratiate other insights , experiences and people to me . I like to be captivated and told a story . There 's a quiet dignity in listening , in simply shutting up and letting someone else tell you their thoughts and experiences , and not thinking petulantly about what 's in it for you .
Actual Sunlight , Kentucky Route Zero and Kane And Lynch 2 – these are the games I find the most exciting . They have confidence in their own writing and , rather than sycophancy to their audience , seem designed around a conviction rare in video games , a conviction that what the writer wants to say is more important and more interesting than what the player wants to do .
And they 're entertaining as hell . I think that 's the central misconception among designers who favour player-driven narrative , the idea that more freedom , more stuff to do is more entertaining . Since when were well-written stories , told through good oratory , not entertaining ? Since when was sitting quietly and reading a book , viewing a play or otherwise being told a tale not a fundamentally entertaining thing to do ?
Player-driven narrative in sandbox games is an illusion . I do n't get a narrative from sandbox games – I get , at best , vaguely beautiful , seemingly poetic moments , where something random happens but it 's so perfectly timed or orchestrated looking that it feels planned . Then I can talk if I want about what that meant to me , and how it made me feel . I can talk about the personal importance of that moment . But that is n't a story . My response to that moment , the emotions I felt , are n't in of themselves a narrative .
What sandbox games are doing is appealing to a sense of entitlement , a sense of entitlement which tells me that , above well-written plots and characters , my raw emotions , thoughts and feelings are interesting to other people . And as games tread forward , into the realm of exploring history , politics and genuinely affecting personal experiences , player-driven , sandbox narrative , preoccupied with soliciting just raw , empty emotion without much context feels intensely retrograde .
People argue this kind of storytelling – loose , interpretative and reliant on interaction – is unique to video games and worth pursuing so as to establish the medium on its own terms . But it 's not as if this is all that 's unique about games . It 's not as if you 're either open world and open-ended or else you 're just copying movies .
And it 's not as if game-makers are actually that bothered about player-driven narrative . Sandbox games do n't have player-driven narratives , they have narratives that occasionally pause to let the player go and muck around for a few hours , then pick up from where it left off .
There are choices sometimes , but the character is never who the player has made them – in Red Dead Redemption I can shoot nuns and crash my wagon and run around in circles for days , firing my gun , and everyone will still look at John Marston the same way .
Player-driven narrative does n't exist , inasmuch as what is produced in player-driven narrative games is neither player driven nor narrative . The sandbox is bound to continue to exist but increasingly it feels like a time capsule , containing everything video games ought to be striving away from .
For all the latest video game news follow us on Twitter @ IBTGamesUK .
Search Gallery Shy Sketch - Vector Psyxofthoros 23 Advertisement Advertisement Pulsefire Pinkie Psyxofthoros 509 Pinkie Pie ! ! ! Psyxofthoros 99 NightMare Moon Psyxofthoros 501 Octavia and Vinyl : A City of Opportunities fanart Psyxofthoros 331 Pinkie Pie Cosplay : Vaas Montenegro , Far Cry 3 Psyxofthoros 220 Vectoria - Submission for Group Mascot Contest Psyxofthoros 95 Rainbow Dash - Who 's Next ? Psyxofthoros 284 Rarity Psyxofthoros 185 Happy Tree Friends - No Guts , No Glory Psyxofthoros 151 Princess Twilight Sparkle Flying Psyxofthoros 235 The Pink One Psyxofthoros 372 The End of the World Cometh Psyxofthoros 1,372 Twilight Sparkle is Sad Psyxofthoros 493 Twilight and Rarity Psyxofthoros 495 Spike Psyxofthoros 267 Like a Sir Discord , Esq . Psyxofthoros 409 Lyra with Cretan Lyra Psyxofthoros 409 Flutttershy Psyxofthoros 258 Twilight Sparkle Avatar Psyxofthoros 329 Shocked Pony Base Psyxofthoros 186 Shocked Rarity Psyxofthoros 264 Shining Armor vs King Sombra Psyxofthoros 280 Sosuke Aizen Psyxofthoros 16
이대호가 ' 또 보자 ' 는 인사 대신 ' 굿 바이 ' 를 한 이유 `` 내 존재감을 보여준 것만으로 만족 . 70점 주고 싶다 . '' `` 4월 14일 텍사스전 연장 끝내기 홈런이 가장 기억에 남아 '' 빅리그에서 얻은 깨달음 `` 아프면 쉬어야 한다 . '' `` 시즌 막판 벤치에 앉아 있는 게 힘들었다 . '' `` 모든 가능성 열려있다 . 대우와 기회를 주는 팀에서 뛰고 싶다 . ''
[ 엠스플뉴스 ]
열정으로 가득했던 이대호 ( 34·시애틀 매리너스 ) 의 2016시즌 메이저리그 도전이 끝났다 . 아니 정확하게 표현하면 잠시 멈췄다고 해야할 지 모르겠다 . 시애틀과 1년 계약을 마무리 지은 이대호는 `` 충분히 만족한다 '' 는 말로 올 시즌을 정리했다 .
시애틀의 시즌 최종전이 열린 10월 3일 ( 한국시간 ) 세이프코 필드 . 오클랜드 애슬레틱스와의 경기가 끝난 후 기자는 시애틀 클럽하우스에서 이대호와 만났다 .
이대호는 클럽하우스 여기저기를 분주히 오가고 있었다 . 한 시즌을 동고동락한 팀 동료들과 마지막 인사를 나누기 위해서였다 . 내년 시즌 이대호의 거취는 정해지지 않은 상황이다 . '최고의 무대 ' 에 계속 남아 뛰고 싶지만 , 지금은 아무 것도 장담할 수 없다 . 그래선지 이대호는 팀원들에게 `` 내년에 다시 만나자 '' 는 인사를 하지 못했다 .
대신 이대호는 라커룸을 천천히 ' 빙 ' 돌며 동료들과 ' 굿 바이 ' 인사를 나눴다 . 이대호와 포옹을 나누는 선수들의 표정엔 서운한 기색이 역력했다 . 모두들 이대호와의 재회를 바라는 눈치였다 . ' 쿨'하게 동료들과 인사를 나누던 이대호는 동료들이 건네는 따뜻한 말 한 마디와 그보다 따뜻한 마음을 전달받으면서 만감이 교차한 표정을 지었다 . '장난꾸러기 ' 레오니스 마틴은 이대호와 마지막 인사를 나누는 이날 만큼은 몹시 진지했다 . 마틴 옆 자리에 앉아있던 넬슨 크루즈 , 로빈슨 카노와도 인사를 나눴다 . 크루즈와 카노는 이대호에게 `` 고맙다 '' 는 인사를 전했고 , 이대호는 두 선수와 진한 포옹을 나누는 것으로 인사를 대신했다 .
`` 수고하셨습니다 . '' 이대호가 유창한 일본어로 말을 건 선수는 팀 동료인 이와쿠마 히사시와 아오키 노리였다 . 사석에서 자주 식사를 함께 할 정도로 정이 많이 든 두 선수였다 . 아오키는 `` 내년 시즌 메이저리그서 다시 보자 '' 는 말로 이대호를 응원했다 .
이대호와 이와쿠마는 서로에게 그간의 고마움을 표현하고 싶었는지 각자 준비한 선물을 주고 받았다 . 이대호가 먼저 자신의 사인이 새겨진 배트를 이와쿠마에게 건넸고 , 이와쿠마는 자신의 글러브로 화답했다 . 이대호는 `` 메이저리그 16승 투수의 글러브를 선물로 받았다 '' 며 함박웃음을 지었다 . 이대호는 다른 선수들과도 사인이 담긴 유니폼을 교환하며 지금의 추억을 잊지 않으려 했다 .
이대호는 `` 선수들과 마지막이 될 수도 있다고 생각하니 아쉽다 . 눈시울이 붉어질 정도로 헤어지는 게 아쉬운 선수도 있었다 . 카노와 크루즈가 그동안 정말 많이 챙겨줘 고마울 따름이다 . 그들과 같이 야구했다는 것만으로 정말 행복한 한 해였다 '' 고 말했다 .
감독과 코치 , 선수들과 인사를 마친 이대호는 곧바로 짐 정리를 시작했다 . 유니폼 몇 벌을 남긴 이대호는 모든 짐을 가방에 넣었다 . 한 시즌 시애틀에서 쌓은 추억만큼이나 짐도 꽤 많았다 . 배트 가방과 캐리어 , 글러브와 옷가지 등을 넣은 큼지막한 상자를 챙겼다 .
이대호는 구장을 찾았던 가족 , 지인들과 찍은 기념사진도 잊지 않았다 . 이날만큼은 이대호의 딸 효린이에게도 특별히 라커룸 출입이 허용됐다 . 아빠의 일터에서 아빠의 자리에 한동안 앉아있던 효린이는 아빠의 마음을 아는지 모르는지 , 아빠의 손을 꼭 붙잡고 클럽하우스 문을 나섰다 .
2016시즌 새로운 도전에 나섰던 이대호에게 메이저리그 첫 시즌을 보낸 소회를 들었다 .
`` 시즌 막판 힘들었지만 , 만족한 시즌이었다 . ''
메이저리그 첫 시즌의 마지막 경기를 치렀다 . 오늘 경기를 치르면서 많은 생각을 했을 거 같다 . 빅리그에서 보낸 첫 시즌의 느낌과 소감이 궁금하다 .
1년 동안 열심히 했다 . 힘들게 메이저리그 무대에 도전했다 . 좋은 일도 , 좋지 않은 일도 있었지만 , 건강하게 잘 마무리 한 거 같아 기분 좋다 .
시즌 마지막 결과가 조금 아쉽게 느껴진다 .
전반기엔 성적이 좋았다 . 그래선지 후반기엔 ( 나도 ) 아쉬움이 남는다 . 하지만 , 그것 역시 다 추억이라고 생각한다 . 앞으로 ( 거취가 ) 어떻게 될지 모르겠지만 , 여기서 경험한 모든 게 좋은 추억으로 남을 거 같다 .
어제 ( 2일 ) 오클랜드에 패하면서 가을 야구를 경험하지 못하게 됐다 . 팀 성적에 대한 아쉬움이 클 법하다 .
어제 경기를 이겼으면 오늘 즐겁고 재미난 경기를 했을 거다 . 팀 성적이 아쉬운 건 분명히 있다 . 그래도 마지막까지 선수들이 최선을 다했고 , 팀 전체가 열심히 했다 .
올 시즌을 돌아보자 . 104경기에 출전해 타율 2할5푼3리 ( 74안타 ) , 14홈런 , 49타점 , 33득점을 기록했다 . 이 가운데 만족스러운 기록이 있다면 ?
기록적으로 타율이 높지 않았고 , 안타도 많이 못쳤던 것이 사실이다 . 그래도 내 존재감을 보여줬다고 생각한다 . 메이저리그에 처음 올 때 수비에 대한 지적이 있었다 . 그러나 지금은 그런 이야기가없다 . 만족하고 있다 .
'플래툰 시스템'이라는 제한적 상황을 고려한다면 나쁘지 않은 결과라는 평이 많다 .
홈런도 그렇고 , 나름 좋은 성적이 났다고 생각한다 . 대타로 나와 그 정도 성적이면 만족한다 .
올 시즌 자신에게 점수를 준다면 ?
70점은 받을 수 있을 거 같다 . ( 웃음 ) 처음 도전할 땐 '메이저리그에서 뛸 수 있다 , 없다'부터 시작했다 . 그러다 개막전을 앞두고 25인 로스터에 들었다 . 결과적으로 올 시즌 마이너리그에 있던 건 고작 7일이었다 . 대부분을 메이저리그에서 생활했기 때문에 만족한다 .
올 시즌 어떤 순간 , 어느 경기가 가장 기억나는지 궁금하다 .
아무래도 ( 4월 14일 홈에서 텍사스 레인저스를 상대로 연장 10회 대타로 나와 기록했던 ) 끝내기 홈런이다 .
이대호의 '야구선수 ' 인생 전체를 놓고 봤을 때 메이저리그 첫 시즌에서 가장 크게 얻은 소득이 있다면 그게 무엇이라고 생각하나 .
백업선수들의 비애를 잘 알게 됐다 . 후배들이 고생한다는 건 이전에도 알고 있었다 . 역시 대우 받고 야구하는 게 행복한 것이라는 걸 새삼 느낄 수 있었다 . 여기서 카노나 크루즈를 보며 실력도 실력이지만 , 여유있게 즐기면서 야구하는 모습이 참 좋아보였다 . 난 그동안 '아둥바둥 ' 야구를 해왔던 거 같다 . 이젠 나도 그들처럼 야구를 즐기면서 하고 싶은 마음이다 . 또 한 가지 배운 게 있다면 부상을 숨기면서 뛰는 건 아무에게도 도움이 되지 않는다는 것이다 .
시즌 중반 다친 오른 손바닥 부상을 두고 하는 말인가 .
그렇다 . '투혼'으로 표현되기도 했지만 , 여기는 아프면 참고 뛰지 않는다 . 그러면 팀도 손해 , 나도 손해라는 걸 잘 알고 있다 . 난 그동안 선수로서 뼈가 부러지지 않는 한 게임에 뛰어야한다고 생각해왔다 . 그런 문화가 몸에 배여 있었고 . 쉬어야 할 타이밍이 있다면 정말 쉬는 게 맞다는 걸 배웠다 . '이보 전진을 위한 일보 후퇴'라는 말을 실감했다 . 부상 당했을 때 난 오기가 생겨 뛰었는데 시즌 마치고 돌아보니 ( 그게 아니라는 걸 ) 깨닫게 됐다 .
아무래도 부상 당했을 때가 가장 힘들었던 시기가 아니었을까 싶다 .
음 , 아니다 . 시즌 막판이 심적으로 더 힘들었다 . 마지막 한 두달 게임에 나가지 못하고 , 혼자 운동하고 있을 때 '내가 여기서 뭐하고 있나 ' 싶은 생각이 들었다 . 도전도 , 꿈도 좋지만 내가 좋아하는 야구를 하러 왔는데 벤치에 앉아 있는 게 화가 나고 , 자존심도 상했다 .
스프링캠프에서 시즌을 준비할 때보다 더 힘들었나 .
시즌을 준비하는 거야 , 열심히만 하면 된다 . 준비할 땐 행복하다 . 할 수 있다는 자신감도 있다 . 시즌을 잘 하고 못 하는 것도 중요하지만 , 앉아있는 시간이 길어지니 정말 힘들더라 .
시즌 초반 '그동안의 중심 타자 , 간판 타자 부담과 책임에서 벗어나니 마음이 조금은 편해졌다 '' 고 말했던 게 기억난다 .
물론 그랬다 . 하지만 나도 욕심이 있고 , 게임에 나가 잘하고 싶은데 기회가 없으니 아쉬웠다 . 메이저리그에 오면 그럴 것이라 예상했지만 , ( 견디기가 ) 쉽지 않았다 .
내년 시즌 거취가 아직 결정되지 않은 상태다 . 앞으로의 계획에 대해 해줄 수 있는 이야기가 있나 .
올 시즌 열심히 했기 때문에 일단 다 내려놓고 내년을 위해 체력 충전을 하고 싶다 . 쉬고 싶다 . 너무 힘들게 달려 왔다 . 시즌 준비한다고 많이 지쳐 있는 상태다 . 쉬면서 내년 생각을 하겠다 .
현재로선 메이저리그 잔류 , 국내 복귀 등 모든 가능성이 열려있는 상황이다 .
그렇다 . 확실하게 말할 수 있는 건 대우를 해주고 주전이나 기회를 줄 수 있는 팀에 가고 싶다는 것이다 . 어느 무대가 됐든 대우를 받고 게임에 나가야 성적도 낼 수 있다고 생각한다 .
현재 살고 있는 시애틀 집과 짐은 어떻게 할 생각인가 .
국제 이사 센터를 통해 일단은 창고에 넣어두려고 한다 . 팀이 결정되는 대로 짐을 보낼 생각이다 .
올 겨울 훈련 계획은 잡았나 .
일단 쉬고 나서 다시 생각하려고 한다 . 지금은 야구 생각을 하고 싶지 않다 . 몸이 많이 지쳐 있다 .
한국 귀국 일정은 ?
10월 20일 전후가 되지 않을까 싶다 . 가족들과 미국에서 여행도 하고 푹 쉴 생각이다 . 아이들과 디즈니랜드도 가려고 한다 . 올해 진짜 쉬지 못했다 . 겨울에 쉰 적이 잘 기억나지 않을 정도로 한동안 쉬지 못했다 .
박은별 기자 star8420 @ mbcplus.com/인스타그램 @ silverstar848484
[ 엠스플 인기뉴스 ] '이적암시 ( ? ) ' 이대호 `` 대우와 기회 주는 팀 가고 싶다 '' [ 영상 ] '격투기 연상 ' 中팀에 가격 당하는 모비스 김현수 `` 팀에 맞는 선수 ? 그렇게 봐줘서 고맙다 '' [ 영상 ] '모비스 ' 유재학 감독 , 1순위 지명권 환호 19SV 오승환 `` 시즌 빨리 끝나 아쉬워 ''
Overview
Skyhour is a fully funded technology start-up rooted in New York ( sales , marketing and ops ) and Lisbon ( tech ) .
We are looking for a highly proficient , reliable and independent DevOps Engineer to design , implement and maintain our back-end infrastructure .
We are building from the ground up a mass market product , accessible through a client-facing application distributed to different platforms . The same back-end infrastructure serves the different versions of the application , is in continuous development and needs to be able to scale without compromise .
You will coordinate with our development team in Lisbon and our CTO ( who is currently performing all sysadmin tasks solo ) to ensure the development cycle and deployments overall run smoothly and according to plan .
We are a team of highly motivated technologists , all cliches aside , who love be able to use our know-how to build something we believe in . We are currently obsessed with changing the way people ( especially young travelers ) experience air travel .
We value quality over team size , each of us is able to play a big role in our small team because we really are at our best when working together . We strive to always use the best tools & approach for the job even if that means adapting , we love opinions as long as they 're not biased… ?
We share a belief in our own approach to agile , we all agree that the best way to work in a tech team is to have an uncluttered system which everyone can easily adapt to . Be it in person , partially or even fully remote we are happy to accommodate any mindset as long as it makes sense for all sides .
Most importantly we make a point to share the success we all work for .
Responsibilities :
Design , implement and maintain our back-end infrastructure
Coordinate with the development team
Ensure stability , speed and scalability of deployments
Main Requirements :
No degree required
Extensive experience as systems administrator or similar
Fluent in English
Real experience with Linux , * BSD or similar
Experience managing public facing , hight load and fully scalable deployments
Extensive experience with Cloud services
Preferred experience with : AWS EC2 , Lambda , ELB , RDS , ElastiCache , API Gateway , DynamoDB
Other vendors/services applicable
Experience with automation tools
Experience with database engines
Experience with monitoring tools
Experience deploying and managing micro-services
Nice to Haves :
Python
Ansible
Jenkins
PostgreSQL
Gitlab CI
Cloud Formation
Apex
Perks :
The second season of Marvel 's Daredevil is still months away , but thanks to Tumblr user Cherryvane , we have a description of what could be Daredevil 's first encounter with Jon Bernthal 's Punisher .
Over the weekend , at Comic Con Experience in Brazil , Marvel unveiled some of their biggest events of 2016 , including new footage of their Netflix Daredevil series . Stars Charlie Cox , Jon Bernthal , and Elodie Yung ( Elektra ) introduced the clip and fans were not disappointed .
Obviously due to heavy security , nobody in attendance was allowed to take photographs for videos , but the post describes the scene as best as memory allowed .
The teaser started on a scene where Matt , dressed as Daredevil ( wearing the uniform from the end of season 1 ) walks on a room that looked like a refrigerator . The place was barely lit and had big slices of meat hanging from the ceiling . As Daredevil walks on that room ( the camera focused only at him ) we see that he 's searching for something as he stays quiet , slowly walking deep into the room , turning his head trying to hear something . At some point , something not show to the spectator grasps his attention .
Cherryvane goes on to say that Matt discovers that people are also hanging from the ceiling . After Matt finds one still alive , he begins to question him .
`` Why did they do this to you ? '' In which the guy mumbles `` They ? It was just a guy . '' Matt stays dead silent , camera focusing on him .
The scene changes and Matt finds a man with a sniper rifle on top of a building . It seems as though he 's never seen this man .
The man behind the gun is no one else but the Frank Castle . While Frank is readying his riffle for the perfect shot , unaware of his surroundings , DD appears . Running on the rooftop , he jumps and kicks the gun , amazingly diving over Frank to stop him . They soon engage on a fight , but when it was getting interesting and intense as [ hell ] the scene was cut with the Daredevil logo and 2016 - NETFLIX
With both Punisher and Elektra being introduced this season , it seems that Daredevil has a lot to deal with and the fight scenes are looking to be amped up this time around as well .
THE shout used to be “ on your head ” but as football and life changed that well-worn phrase has been tweaked .
Psychology is a huge part of the game , nowhere more so than Celtic , where Brendan Rodgers is more of a ‘ in your head ' kind of manager .
Rodgers loves this part of football ; how to get into the minds of the most complex of personalities . It 's a skill the best coaches need because footballers are rarely easy to read .
“ I think psychology is massive , ” said Rodgers . “ I have found that part of the game fascinating , in terms of getting the best out of people . I always think that , if a player can run from here to there in half a second , then that is great .
`` And if Moussa Dembele can jump out of this room , then what is it that makes him jump ? That is the mental part of it .
“ I think a lot of work goes into the technical , the tactical , and obviously the physical , but the mental aspect is about managing the pressure and the stress , and being consistent . That is obviously the key . I tend to focus on that quite a lot . ”
Playing at Celtic is both easy and difficult . This is a team which dominates at home and even when they do lose in Europe , the supporters are savvy enough not to go in too hard on the players .
But it 's a 24/7 profession and so many have found the club too big for them . This is where Rodgers believes the mind becomes as important as the ability to kick a football .
“ Sometimes ‘ pressure ' is about perception , ” he said . “ You get given pressure but it 's about how you take it . If you want to be successful , the reality is , it 's always there . It never goes away . If you want to win , and be successful , then to be relentless like that comes a little bit of pressure .
“ It 's my job to help the players come a little bit away from that , and let them focus on the football . I 'll take whatever comes with the pressure , so long as they can go out and give their very , very best . In this context , in the short period of time that I 've been with this squad , they 've been outstanding . ”
Rodgers studied NLP , neuro-linguistic programming , for five years , which might explain much of his approach to coaching and his style of getting the best out of his players .
“ They have to be committed and I do n't mean motivation , ” he said . “ Motivation is attached to emotion and you are going to be up and down all the time . If you 're committed , we will organise a plan for you to be the best you can be , as whatever team sport it is , it 's about the individual too .
“ From that , I always say , ‘ It 's your responsibility…the crown is on your head ' . You are the king of your own destiny . Wherever you go , is down to you . ”
“ We have the tools that can make them the best they can be and hopefully they then deliver excellence on the field . Hopefully they then represent the club and the team in the best way they can . ''
There can only be one winner : Brent and Laura with the sought after plate . Credit : Channel Ten Once in the kitchen , the finalists ruminate on how much they want to see their names on the MasterChef trophy , not realising that any professional engraver can put your name on a trophy for a reasonable fee . What a waste of time all this cooking has been . The final is three rounds . Matt explains that the first round will require Laura and Brent to meet an old friend . Two men bring in wooden boxes – Matt has dismembered their old friend as part of his sick game . Oh wait , I get it – the mystery box is their “ old friend ” because oh dear god . Anyway , there 's nothing in the mystery box and they get to choose their ingredients from a selection on a bench , so this whole bit was pointless . Moving on . They get to take it in turns to choose ingredients . “ Ladies first , ” says Brent , in typically sexist style . Then Brent and Laura proceed to select various ingredients while flirting so shamelessly that it feels like they 're re-enacting 9 ½ Weeks . George begins cooking time by saying “ Boom shake the room ” , but you can tell his heart was n't really in it . Somehow , boom shaking the room has become stale and hollow for George .
From above , Emelia watches and plots her revenge against these clearly inferior chefs , as Laura closely examines her scampi in an attempt to determine what the hell a scampi is . Distracted by such abstract philosophy , she grabs a hot saucepan and , being far too young to have learnt what heat is , drops it in agony . Her garlic is all over the floor and creating a bitter metaphor for her future . Brent chops some garlic and some anchovies and throws them in a pan , an action that proves completely pointless when he immediately burns them . Brent 's garlic and anchovies join Laura 's hand in the burns unit , as the evening continues its gruesome trajectory . Angry at the world and seeking an outlet for his destructive fury , Brent tears the heads of some innocent crustaceans , and soaks them in what appears to be urine . Hard to tell though , as all we 're getting is a series of close-ups of mysterious bits and pieces of what may or may not be food . It 's like an A-Team montage as the pair plate up . As far as I can tell , Brent 's first course is a small pile of garbage taken from a bin out the back of La Porchetta , while Laura has cooked a chest-buster from Alien . The judges taste the chest-burster . George compliments her on being true to herself , in her capacity as an employee of the Weyland-Yutani Corporation . Meanwhile Gary practically licks the plate , having not eaten for days . From above , Emelia smiles , visualising the day when she will bite Laura 's throat out . The judges also taste Brent 's dish . Gary loves the sweetness , but he might be referring to Brent 's personality rather than his food .
`` I think Brent will score higher than me in this round , and if he does that will put me on the back foot , ” Laura says , displaying a better grasp of arithmetic than anyone gave her credit for . And it turns out she 's right – Brent leads 27-25 , leading to an utter orgy of uplifting strings on the soundtrack . When the actual winner is announced they 'll need to bring in a fifty-voice choir . On to Round Two , which requires each finalist to take charge of their own chef 's table . George tells them they 'll be cooking not only for the judges , but for three very important people . He 's lying though – it 's just Brent and Laura 's families . I was hoping it 'd be members of the AFL Hall of Fame , or One Direction or something . As the finalists are reunited with their loved ones , Amy wipes away a tear on the balcony , reminded of how the MasterChef producers still have n't returned her own family . Laura 's mother says words ca n't describe how proud she is , but unfortunately for us all she tries to make them . Brent 's dad says he was shocked when he saw his son cooking – he could n't believe what he 'd done with his hair . Brent is making a Lancashire hot-pot , a traditional northern English dish consisting of a lamb stew arranged into a portrait of the Gallagher brothers . He wants a really rich , deep dark sauce , which he achieves by using a score by Hans Zimmer and casting Crispin Glover as the carrots . Meanwhile , Gary is interrogating Laura . “ How does lobster and mushrooms and autumn make sense ? ” he demands of her , remembering that terrible autumn when he lost the only lobster he ever loved . Nothing makes sense to Gary anymore – the world is full of pain and lobsters and mushrooms .
“ It 's good that your families are here , but remember there 's only 45 minutes to go , ” bellows George , reminding both cooks that no matter what joy they experience in life , it will always be transitory and ephemeral as the foam to which the Little Mermaid returned . Coincidentally , the Little Mermaid was a good friend of many lobsters , much like the lobsters Laura is attempting to cook as she explains to Gary and George that failure in MasterChef will cause her father to stop loving her . It becomes clear how high the stakes are here – the loser will not know happiness again . Brent is in big trouble – he 's burnt his potatoes . He begins making another batch while George pops over to let him know that burning his potatoes was n't a good thing to do . Brent thanks George for his assistance . Meanwhile Laura 's dad is questioning Matt on whether Laura is doing her dish right , pretty obviously hoping Matt will say no so he can point and laugh at his daughter . Also Brent 's burnt his potatoes again . In fact he 's burning everything . As police arrive to question Brent regarding a series of suspicious fires in the area , Laura is weighing up whether to slip some strychnine into her father 's lobster . As it is , the lobster is undercooked , and dad has his face in his hands , wondering how such a failure ever sprung from his loins . Over the other side , Brent has burnt his potatoes for the third time .
Ironically , put Brent and Laura together and they might actually be able to cook something for the correct amount of time . Round Two is finished and the finalists must be judged , in the deepest sense possible . George is impressed that Laura 's grandmother ate it all , because his grandmothers are his harshest critics and he assumes every old woman on earth is exactly the same . Gary says it 's a tasty dish , but you can tell he 's still thinking about that autumn . Brent 's potato-less Lancashire Burntpot is a hit , but Matt scolds him for not serving burnt potatoes . He 'll think twice before he assumes that burning food is bad in future . Laura scores 24 for Round Two , and Brent scores 21 , which means Laura leads by one , and in an unprecedented development , a MasterChef final is extremely close .
And now , of course , it is time for a montage of desserts from every other season of MasterChef . Matt tells them that Peter Gilmore , creator of the legendary snow egg , has returned . Brent is terrified , knowing that in this challenge he 's not allowed to ask Emelia to do it for him . Sarah can almost see the guys ' hearts sinking , but luckily there 's nobody on earth who cares what Sarah thinks . Peter informs them that this dessert is twice as hard as the snow egg . Perhaps it 's two snow eggs ? No , in fact it's…it's…it's…oh my god it's… Superman 's Fortress of Solitude ? It 's called a “ chocolate ethereal ” , a dessert cunningly designed to cease to exist as soon as you touch it . Basically it 's chocolate and caramel and toffee and milk and sugar and cream and nougat and starch all mixed together to make something that looks like it was made to keep intruders out of the barbarian chieftain 's hut . Immediately , Laura and Brent set to work , a fatal mistake as the real challenge was to see who had enough sense to not bother trying , and by attempting to make this insanely complicated thing they have both failed . This next bit is n't that interesting because it 's mostly cooking . Until Laura stuffs up by reading the recipe too quickly and combining honey and sugar where honey and sugar should never be . If only she 'd remembered the old schoolyard rhyme , “ Sugar without Honey will make you some money/but Honey with Sugar just tastes like a booger ” . Alas she did not , and so Peter approaches , to taunt her with cryptic syrup-themed riddles before wandering off .
Just before Laura pours her syrup into the mixer , Gary stops her and shows her she 's stuffed up . Which is a bit unfair , really – these guys are supposed to make it on their own , why do they get Gary stepping in to prevent them making terrible mistakes ? Gary did n't run over and take Brent 's potatoes off the heat . Anyway , Laura is in tears but Gary reassures her by telling her that “ sometimes it 's hard to read recipes ” , and we all have a good laugh . As time ticks on . Tracy has no idea how they 're going to pull this together , but that might just be because Tracy has no idea about things in general . The action is heating up . Brent 's nougat is hard as a rock , and it 's not the only one if you know what I mean . Especially when Laura starts rolling her own nougat , which is n't a euphemism but at the same time sort of is . Goodness me . There 's more cooking stuff here , which is a shame .
Then Laura does something wrong again . Her chocolate is n't tempered properly . Gary and Peter imply she 's been letting water into her chocolate . “ What 's the biggest enemy of chocolate ? ” Gary asks . “ Water , ” Laura replies , but actually the answer is “ peer pressure ” . Laura feels like giving up . She also feels like all the people on the balcony shouting encouragement at her are incredibly annoying , so she tells them to shut up , thoughtfully providing a valuable service to the viewers . George offers Laura a little pep talk , reminding her of her contractual requirements . “ What are you crying for ? ” he asks , having slept through the last two hours . Up above , Laura 's parents look down at her , wondering if it 's their fault their child turned out such a disappointment . Amazingly , Laura 's chocolate has tempered , and as long as she does n't make any more major mistakes , or as long as the major mistakes she does make are mitigated by the unnecessary intervention of biased judges , she 's still in with a chance . Meanwhile , Brent has burnt himself three or four times , purely for the fun of it . With five minutes to go , the MasterChef grand final enters its eighth month and Brent realises he does n't have time for his butter sheet and Laura is pulling her chocolate and nobody is speaking English any more and then it 's OVER . Brent and Laura hug with their severely burnt , tear-stained arms , and everyone claps , and Brent says he and Laura are both winners already which is loser talk if ever I heard it . Wait , they have 20 minutes to plate up ? Well what was everyone clapping for ? They 're not bloody finished , are they , Jesus .
“ Good luck , Brent , ” Laura calls sarcastically as Brent serves up his ethereal . Gary is impressed that it looks like a sailing ship , for some reason , even though it was clearly supposed to look like a bunch of big sharp shards of stuff . Peter thinks that as an eating experience it is very impressive , although as an erotic thriller it is disappointing . Laura plates up and straight away stuffs up again . Her nougat is in a big log instead of cut up . Or something . Surprisingly , none of the judges rush out to tell her what to do . The viewers in the balcony call out “ Come on Laura ” , but none of them call out , “ Hey Laura , maybe you should cut that nougat so you do n't lose ” , so their sincerity is severely in question . Laura 's ethereal is chunkier than Peter 's , which is a problem for a group of judges as keen on body-shaming as this one . In fact there are many things wrong with Laura 's dessert , but the judges wearily say some positive things just to keep up an illusion of suspense . The finale has just celebrated its fifth anniversary and everyone 's a bit tired . Loading OK , time for the scores , for which a six hour block has been set aside . The details are unimportant , apart from Gary saying “ woody ” while scoring Laura , which seems inappropriate . And the fact that Brent wins pretty easily because Laura spent more time crying than cooking in the last round .
People in River Heights are upset with the City of Winnipeg for demolishing houses on Fulham Avenue because they 've been neglected and fallen into disrepair .
The city bulldozed at least one of three vacant homes on Fulham and Kenaston Boulevard on Monday .
Ken Klassen lives in the area and claims the city is violating its own neighbourhood liveability and vacant building bylaws by taking the homes down .
The city previously acquired homes at 61 and 65 Fulham Ave. and one at 49 Kenaston Blvd . Klassen said the city committed to taking care of and renting out the vacant homes until the land was needed to widen Kenaston .
`` They promised the community that if they [ bought ] homes they 'll maintain them , and [ that ] they wo n't be torn down until they 're actually needed . And in fact , we see behind us , the opposite is occurring , '' Klassen said as tractors pulled apart one of the homes nearby .
Ken Klassen said the city is going back on its word to maintain and rent out homes in his neighbourhood . ( CBC )
A spokesperson with the city said the homes were deemed unfit to live in .
`` We 're demolishing the houses now to protect the public , because they are unfit for occupancy and represent a safety risk , '' the spokesperson said in a statement .
'Destroying the evidence '
But Klassen said the only reason the homes are unsafe to live in is because the city did n't honour its word to take care of them .
`` They 're running these houses into the ground and then claiming that they 're unrentable and then demolishing them … destroying the evidence , '' he said .
A Winnipeg homeowner says the city is covering up evidence of neglect after tractors tore down 0:59
Klassen said it was devastating to see the first of the buildings go .
`` It 's really horrible to see beautiful character homes , that were once occupied by families , go vacant for years , and have no maintenance and having the police using them for practice for their SWAT team , '' Klassen said .
`` It 's just a real degradation of the quality of life in the community , and it 's all because of the City of Winnipeg . ''
The city spokesperson said the land will now be converted into green space with `` as many trees as possible . ''
In February 2015 the Plasma developers met in the Blue Systems office in Barcelona to discuss and plan out where we would take Plasma over the duration of the next year . The sprint consisted of active Plasma developers and visual designers from around the world , from Canada to India .
The meeting consisted of equal parts hacking and group discussions about plans both in the near and far future in breakout sessions throughout the week .
Plasma Devs : CI supremo Rohan , Media Center hero Bhushan , Release Dude Jonathan , Creative Genius Ken , Akademy Mastermind Kenny , Elite Marco , Kai the Super Hacker , Sebas the supreme , Sprint lead David , Local saviour Aleix , shy Jens , the mobile Dan and searching Vishesh
Hacking
Improved Developer Tools
One of the important parts of Plasma is making it as easy for others to contribute as possible . Marco worked on a tool making it easy for designers to explore , edit , create and assess the completeness of Plasma themes . Sebastian introduced `` Cuttlefish '' , a tool for designers and application developers to examine the current icon set of a system . It can be used to display the icons available on the system , and how they are presented at various sizes . These will be released as part of the Plasma SDK which will be added to the 5.3 beta release next week .
Enhanced Power Management
Good power management has always been a fundamental part of the Plasma experience , during the sprint we experimented with restoring KInfoCenter to life to be a useful central hub of advanced information . This allows us to provide all sorts of extra information without cluttering the main desktop . This will make it possible to visually identify where your battery life is going .
In addition , several tweaks were made to the battery notifications and timeouts .
Plasma Media Center
Plasmashell was modified to allow it to boot directly into media center mode , allowing it to be launched directly from the login screen . We discussed moving it into the main Plasma released and it will be released with 5.3 which has a beta next week .
Design work
During the hacking time , designers Jens and Ken began producing and designing additional promotional material for our upcoming marketing needs . This included updated logos , vectorised Konqis , and other assets .
Planning For The Future
Much of the sprint was spent planning out future goals . We discussed KPurpose , the new framework for sharing actions and invoking actions across applications which we should hear more of in upcoming releases . We discussed the future of notifications for not only current instant notifications but calendar based alerts .
Work and initial prototyping went into unifying application header space and making use of window decoration space in applications .
Plasma 5 is about to become part of the mainstream Linux distributions and the press coverage is confirming it will continue to be the flagship offering from KDE . We have plans for the years to come and we welcome anyone who wants to take part joining us .
Lew Robertson / Getty Images
First of all , it 's important to note — and briefly dwell on — the fact that Canada is home to a vast maple-syrup reserve . You know , kind of like what the U.S. does with oil in the event of a major domestic or international catastrophe .
Drizzled throughout a few rural Quebec facilities , the emergency syrup supply previously contained 37 million lb . of the stuff . But that surplus has been significantly depleted after thieves took off with more than a quarter of it , the Wall Street Journal reported . During a routine inventory check at a warehouse about 100 miles northeast of Montreal , the Federation of Quebec Maple Syrup Producers noticed scores of empty barrels . These barrels — more than 15,000 of them — had contained an estimated 10 million lb . of syrup worth more than $ 30 million .
( MORE : Syrup Shortage : Warm Weather Has Led to “ Yucky ” Maple Syrup )
Quebec , which produces an estimated 75 % of the world 's maple syrup , has maintained the cache since 2000 , as a bulwark against poor harvests or unexpectedly high demand . The St.-Louis-de-Blandford warehouse , the location of the heist , is secured with fences and locks , officials from the federation told the Journal . The other facilities housing the syrup reserves have not been targeted , and the theft is still under investigation . Current theories suggest that the stolen goods will be sold on the black market .
Though 10 million lb . might seem like quite a bit of syrup to vanish , the federation said there would be no immediate effects on the global supply . Still , it looks like there really is a need for emergency syrup reserves after all . Who 's laughing now ?
MORE : A Brief History of Maple Syrup
AP Friday it came out that statistical wunderkind Nate Silver would be leaving The New York Times at the end of his contract to move his highly acclaimed FiveThirtyEight blog to ESPN , with some politics work at sister network ABC .
Frankly , the move is brilliant for several reasons .
Silver first got public attention after he sold his sabermetric PECOTA model to Baseball Prospectus . His interest originally lay in the statistical modeling of sports . His leap into politics came when he realized that writing about actual statistical facts about politics in lieu of pundits ' gut reactions was something the American electorate secretly craved .
Still , after two consecutive presidential elections called with impeccable accuracy , it 's understandable that Silver may want to spend the next years focusing on sports instead of the daily play-by-play of Congress ' `` will-they-or-won't-they '' relationship with passing legislation .
Anyway , there are a ton of excellent reasons for Silver to jump ship from the Times to ESPN . Here are a few of them :
First , this is a massive audience increase .
While Silver went mainstream at the Times , at ESPN he 'll have a larger audience than the Grey Lady could ever hope to offer .
Just take a second and look at the search volume difference between `` New York Times '' and `` ESPN . ''
Not even close . More importantly , that gap is getting even wider .
ESPN crushed the Times on the Alexa Rankings too . ESPN.go.com is the 26th most visited site in the United States , while T he New York Times is way back at 49th .
During the election , Silver was pulling in one in five of the site 's inbound views . He 's outgrown The New York Times , and if he wants to boost his own audience , ESPN is the promotion he needs .
Even more , ESPN the company seems like a better place to be than The New York Times Company .
According to Glass Door , ESPN employees are `` satisfied '' with ESPN while NYT employees think the company is a merely `` OK '' place to work .
And , while the pile of money and job security Nate Silver would receive for writing would likely be remarkable regardless of whether he 's writing in Bristol or New York , Bristol seems to be on more even footing .
The New York Times has been trying to cut overhead and buy out employees for years . Photos of the Times newsroom gathering to say goodbye to esteemed editors the paper can no longer afford have become common on Twitter at this point .
People mostly seem to leave ESPN when they 're in the middle of a sordid sex scandal .
Plus , while Silver will continue publishing things on the internet , he 'll also get a huge bump in his supplemental platform by transitioning from one of the places Americans no longer get their news from — newspapers — to where most Americans get their news from , Network ( ABC ) and Cable ( ESPN ) .
Take a look at this chart from MPO Research to see why dumping print in favor of Network and Cable is a huge upgrade :
MPO Research Group
Plus , it 's clear that Silver likes to write about sports , and he was n't getting the range to write about them at the Times as much as he was when he was an independent .
Between February 24 , 2008 and August 29 , 2010 — the 30 months of its run — Silver wrote 43 posts tagged `` sports '' at his previous independent site , FiveThirtyEight.com . From August 25 to now — the 35 months he 's spent at the Times — Silver has only been able to write 27 posts tagged `` sports , '' and many of these were videos discussing his own articles .
What this means is that when he was flying solo , Silver penned an average of 1.43 sports posts per month . At the Times , he only wrote 0.77 sports posts per month .
At ESPN , it 's reasonable to assume he 's going to be given a wider berth to write about sports in lieu of politics , which may be exactly what Silver is looking for in the boring years between presidential elections .
Hillary Clinton and her team projected the appearance of unity during the 2016 campaign , but a new book detailing her election loss suggests things got pretty heated behind the scenes .
The Hill has an excerpt from the book , called `` Shattered : Inside Hillary Clinton 's Doomed Campaign , by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes , '' which will be released in April 18th , and according to one passage , both Hillary and Bill Clinton got into it with top advisors at times on the campaign trail .
Click through Hillary Clinton 's tweets since the election :
35 PHOTOS Hillary Clinton tweets since the election See Gallery Hillary Clinton tweets since the election Things I learned today . https : //t.co/lM2xAjIg3H On # InternationalWomensDay I 'm thinking about this young girl , & all the others like her out there . 💪✨ https : //t.co/u1fvzAt1BI Good message anytime , especially now . # EmbraceAmbition https : //t.co/7X21QLL4Wx Thanks to Pres Johnson & the entire Wellesley community . And congrats to Wellesley 's first NCAA crew champions , tha… https : //t.co/7a0KcB1Hm0 Trump 's own @ DHSgov confirmed this weekend that the ban does n't enhance security . But it foments fear & resentment . https : //t.co/jbzGFBsKnF With threats & hate crimes on rise , we should n't have to tell @ POTUS to do his part . He must step up & speak out . https : //t.co/QKKyXyuqNM Congrats to @ DNC chair @ TomPerez & deputy @ keithellison . Excited for strong , unified party standing for best of our country into the future . Let resistance plus persistence equal progress…here was my message to Democrats today . https : //t.co/7HpG7dDF6H If you ca n't stand the heat , get out of the ... Congress . https : //t.co/TEAXDPEPrt JCC threats , cemetery desecration & online attacks are so troubling & they need to be stopped . Everyone must speak out , starting w/ @ POTUS . If you 're studying global health , or just want to feed your inner wonk , check out my wonderful daughter & … https : //t.co/30VA9xJxNd Thanks to Isolde Fair & her classmates for this inspiring song . I 'm with YOU . 👏👏👏✨ Watch : https : //t.co/3Gt7IbcAMn Philippe 's got his own way of saying things , but he has a point about the real consequences of fake news ... https : //t.co/a02sXiaHfp 3-0 `` She was warned . She was given an explanation . Nevertheless , she persisted . '' So must we all . https : //t.co/JXROGHPNkH I 'm one of 100 million # SuperBowl fans that just went # Gaga for the Lady , & her message to all of us . https : //t.co/8AoNqjwr1b At 103 , Ruline Steininger had an energy & vibrancy all should aspire to . My thoughts & prayers are w/ her family . https : //t.co/LQ1qozY3NH What I 'm thinking about today : Khizr Khan : https : //t.co/wrHK7IkBrG And a vet who fought with those now excluded : https : //t.co/4LhNIT8xVo I stand with the people gathered across the country tonight defending our values & our Constitution . This is not who we are . . @ MichaelNutter got a lot of great points into 140 characters here . We have to keep the momentum . https : //t.co/Bd66lBPMEs Scrolling through images of the # womensmarch is awe-inspiring . Hope it brought joy to others as it did to me . https : //t.co/29oaMvk3hU I stand w/ Nora Harren , a 17-year from Boise , ID , & every person marching for our values today . Onward ! ✊✊🏾✊🏽✨… https : //t.co/Zt8THPtAn8 'Hope Not Fear ' Indeed . And what a beautiful piece by Louisa Cannell . # womensmarch 👊👊🏻👊🏼👊🏽✨ https : //t.co/7h3Bzx79nB Thanks for standing , speaking & marching for our values @ womensmarch . Important as ever . I truly believe we 're always Stronger Together . I 'm here today to honor our democracy & its enduring values . I will never stop believing in our country & its future . # Inauguration Indeed . Bill & I have you in our thoughts & look forward to you both being back on your feet soon , wild socks & all… https : //t.co/yUWSbJDnlH Delighted that @ NYGovCuomo proposed free college for ppl making < 125K in NY . A plan @ SenSanders & I worked hard on . https : //t.co/V0aXjhxKpm The holidays are a time to be thankful for our blessings . Let 's rejoice in this season & look forward with renewed hope & determination . -H I was greeted by this heartwarming display on the corner of my street today . Thank you to all of you who did this.… https : //t.co/fWPOa4Bgzc Hoping everyone has a safe & Happy Thanksgiving today , & quality time with family & friends . -H `` This loss hurts . But please never stop believing that fighting for what 's right is worth it . '' —Hillary `` Our constitutional democracy demands our participation , not just every four years , but all the time . '' —Hillary “ Donald Trump is going to be our president . We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead. ” —Hillary `` This is not the outcome we wanted . I 'm sorry we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country . '' `` To all the little girls watching ... never doubt that you are valuable and powerful & deserving of every chance & opportunity in the world . '' Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
There was one incident during debate prep where strategist Jake Sullivan was reportedly the target of Hillary 's frustrations after critiquing one of her mock answers .
There 's also another section in which the authors claim Bill told top advisors on a conference call , `` Voters want to hear about Hillary 's plans for the economy , and you 're not making that happen , '' he allegedly said , adding , `` Now , do your damn jobs . ''
The passage then claims she closed the call by agreeing with her husband and adding , `` Get it straight . ''
`` Shattered '' is set for release on April 18 , 2017 .
More from :
President Trump 's rocky start has some similarities to Bill Clinton 's first 100 days
Hillary Clinton sparkles in snap shared by supporter Katy Perry
Hillary Clinton reveals her favorite meme poking fun at Trump -- but she calls it a GIF
the story of ‘ Hindie ' cinema : an introduction
This piece was written for The Daily Pioneer in India , titled ‘ The Hindie Cinema ' in 2014 .
The history of independent cinema in India has in the past been an intermittent one , beset by a dearth of funding , insufficient distribution and disinclination by critics to take directors seriously . The most sustained and creative period arose with the parallel cinema movement or New Indian Cinema in the late 1960s involving state funding from the Film Finance Corporation ( FFC ) . Directors included Mrinal Sen ( Bhuvan Shome , 1969 ) and Mani Kaul ( Uski Roti , 1969 ) . It is not unforeseen the current new wave of independent directors take inspiration from the accomplishments of parallel cinema . One such director is Anurag Kashyap . In the space of ten years , starting with his debut Paanch in 2003 , Kashyap has become the face of contemporary Indian ‘ indie ' cinema . However , it is presumptuous to contend Kashyap has been the sole talisman in the emergence of a new wave that includes Dibakar Banerjee , Anand Gandhi , Kiran Rao , Anusha Rizvi , Abhishek Chaubey , Q and Vikramaditya Motwane .
One has to re-narrate the current story being written about ‘ Hindie ' cinema , beginning in 1994 with the film English , August and director Dev Benegal . In fact , it is a journey that has taken twenty years . Dev Benegal , nephew of acclaimed director Shyam Benegal , made two key films in the 1990s that were distinctively indie in terms of both form and content . Whereas English , August ( 1994 ) and Split Wide Open ( 1999 ) were financed outside of India , most of the independent films financed today are supported by studios and production companies with an extensive production slate . Though Benegal could be labelled a transnational filmmaker akin to Deepa Mehta and Mira Nair , his contribution should not be overlooked in the evolution of indie cinema . Both English , August and Split Wide Open were part of a loose body of films , arguably deemed a ‘ first phase ' in contemporary indie cinema , characterised by youth oriented narratives and controversial subject matter . A common link amongst the films including Kaizad Gustad 's low budget Bombay Boys ( 1998 ) was the presence of Rahul Bose , a talented actor with an international profile who has remained close to the indie scene . This first phase of a new wave of Hindi cinema also underlined the potential of the comedy genre and particularly satire as a vehicle for extrapolating the generational anxieties of a disillusioned middle class youth in an increasingly globalised India . The origins of the indie comedy tradition can arguably be traced to Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron ( 1983 ) , a cult film and key work of parallel cinema .
The late 1990s saw two important developments that paved the way for a potentially vibrant and creative indie cinema . The first , an institutional one , was the opening of India 's first Multiplex in New Delhi by PVR with 4 screens . Not only did this expand prospects for indie films to get distributed more widely but it created a new audience : the Multiplex crowd ( predominantly middle class ) with tastes different to the mainstream . The second was the release of a realist gangster-crime film , Satya ( 1998 ) . While Satya spawned a cycle of ‘ Mumbai noir ' films , it more crucially established the talents of director Ram Gopal Varma , writer Anurag Kashyap and composer Vishal Bhardwaj . Satya arrived just as Multiplex culture was taking shape and readily appealed to audiences looking for seemingly familiar content re-presented in new modes of cinematic address . The noughties were a transitional period for the Hindi film industry . Industry status certainly re-configured what had become a narrow and dubious hegemonic funding structure controlled by a handful of powerful producers and studios . An influx of new production banners like UTV Motion Pictures and Pritish Nandy Communications were willing to take a risk on new filmmakers , genres and alternate content . It is no coincidence the story of independent cinema accelerated in this period , leading to the rise of iconoclastic directors like Kashyap . At the same time , state funding was still backing projects such as actor turned director Rajat Kapoor 's 2003 film Raghu Romeo , an underrated black comedy with a notable performance by Vijay Raaz . Rajat Kapoor continues to work steadily in the indie comedy genre , producing work that has often been overlooked .
Financial support for the independent sector has not been exclusively studio led . Hindi film stars such as Aamir Khan have also moved into film production . Recent successes include Dhobi Ghat ( 2011 ) and Peepli Live ( 2010 ) , both debut films directed by women , deal with prescient social issues involving class , poverty and exclusion in a neoliberal contemporary India . Ekta Kapoor , a television producer , also foresaw the commercial potential of indie cinema , distributing films like Love , Sex Aur Dhoka ( 2010 ) . In response to the growth of the independent film sector , in 2008 UTV Motion Pictures set up their own indie production arm titled UTV Spotboy , backing audacious films such as Aamir ( 2008 ) , Dev D ( 2009 ) and Udaan ( 2010 ) . Most recently , UTV acted as distributor for director Anand Gandhi 's critically acclaimed debut feature Ship of Thesus ( 2012 ) .
If Rahul Bose was a key collaborative element in the first phase of the new wave of indie cinema then Abhay Deol rapidly came to occupy a similar position in the second phase . Between 2007 and 2010 , Deol appeared in over a dozen independent films , working with directors such as Dibakar Banerjee ( Oye Lucky ! Lucky Oye ! ) , Anurag Kashyap ( Dev D ) and Dev Benegal ( Road , Movie ) . Deol who is part of a Bollywood film dynasty lacked the typical star baggage and had an understated quality as an actor that was readily exploited by directors . Remarkably , Deol has been surpassed by the impressive rise to fame of Nawazuddin Siddiqui who is currently one of the busiest actors working in the independent sector . If Indian indie cinema had yet to go global then the creation of the London Indian Film Festival in 2010 ( committed to showcasing indie films ) reiterated the significance of a new wave that had a reach beyond merely domestic borders .
A survey of Indian cinema in 2013 confirms the ascendancy of indie cinema but also the way new directors continue to emerge . Ritesh Batra ( The Lunchbox ) , Ajay Bahl ( B.A . Pass ) , Ashim Ahluwalia ( Miss Lovely ) , Gyan Correa ( The Good Road ) , Anand Gandhi ( Ship of Thesus ) and Amit Kumar ( Monsoon Shootout ) all debuted to critical acclaim in 2013 . In this context theorising a new wave becomes virtually redundant since each year sees the debut of many new filmmakers . Perhaps the new wave to have had the most lasting impression is parallel cinema . Shyam Benegal , Mani Kaul , Kumar Shahani , Mrinal Sen paved the way but did so in an engaged aesthetic and ideological spirit , questioning the norms of the Hindi film industry . 2013 could easily be declared as the year of Anurag Kashyap , a figure who is conceivably the most important working in the Hindi film industry today . Kashyap not only produced Lootera ( 2013 ) but also persuaded director Tigmanshu Dulia out of the director 's chair to act in his gangster opus The Gangs of Wasseypur ( 2012 ) . At the 2013 Cannes Film Festival , Kashyap had a hand in the three Indian films that were selected : Monsoon Shootout ( producer ) , Bombay Talkies ( one of the directors ) and Ugly ( director ) . He also produced a compilation film in 2013 titled Shorts , which got a limited release . Lastly , you can also add The Lunchbox , a much-admired romantic comedy , to his achievements for 2013 , which he helped to produce alongside Karan Johar .
It may seem impossible to find a consistent thread that connects the new waves and independent cinema of the past and present but there is one overarching connection . This is actor Naseeruddin Shah ; the most accomplished actor of his generation . Part of me is always relieved to see Shah 's name in the cast list of the latest indie feature as it usually means the film is going to be good . Not only has Shah starred in countless independent films but he has also worked with many of the major indie/art cinema directors of the last fifty years ; Goutam Ghose , Mrinal Sen , Anurag Kashyap , Shyam Benegal , Saeed Akhtar Mirza , Ketan Mehta , Govind Nihalani , Abhishek Chaubey to name a few . Shah has become iconographic to the way we recognise indie cinema and a much sought after actor given his astonishing range . In many ways , the story of Naseeruddin Shah is also the story of independent cinema and that is a story worth telling again and again .
September 30th , 2015
Dear Sisters and Brothers ,
Last night , our Bargaining Committee for the Association of Passenger Service Employees at American Airlines-CWA/IBT reached a tentative agreement with American Airlines . This is an industry-leading agreement that makes major improvements in the wages and benefits of thousands of Passenger Service Employees at the new American Airlines .
We could not have reached this agreement without the support of our local union leaders , mobilization team members , and every member who supported the organizing and mobilization efforts over the past several months and even years . In particular , the mobilization activity in the last few days made a huge difference at the table and demonstrated the power of our unity .
In the coming weeks , we will schedule contract explanation meetings at some locations , where our bargaining team members will present the tentative agreement and answer your questions . We will also post a video of the contract explanation . In the meantime , the following is a summary of the agreement and the ratification process .
Wages
Passenger Service Employees will see an immediate wage increase to equal New Delta plus 3 % and an additional 9 % wage increase over the life of the 5-year agreement . There will be a 2 % increase on the first and second anniversaries and 2.5 % on the third and fourth anniversaries . View the wage schedule by clicking here .
Shift premiums will be increased to industry-leading rates .
Profit sharing will remain in place for LUS agents in 2015 . It will no longer be in place from 2016 on , but will be reflected in higher base wages , which provide security and predictability for employees .
Job Security
There will be NO FURLOUGH during the life of the agreement .
The company will eliminate ALL of the RED-COAT CONTRACTORS at the ticket counters throughout the current American Airlines system .
The company was determined to outsource stations with five or fewer mainline flights per day . We were able to save all of those stations thanks in large part to member mobilization . Under the tentative agreement , all Passenger Service Employees on payroll on the date of signing will not have their jobs outsourced .
We agreed that the company has the option to outsource the work of UMs , Wheelchair , AA.com , AAdvantage Customer Service , CBRO , DC Desk , Social Media , transporting bags/articles to fleet service , and all curbside check-in work . The option to outsource will only apply where the work is currently represented .
Additionally , the company also has the option to outsource BSO . However , there will be no station reduction as a direct result of the outsourcing and all members ' jobs are protected .
The company will insource the work associated with booking and selling vacations until either twelve months from ratification of the contract or March 1 , 2017 , whichever is later .
The company will insource jobs at stations with more than 5 daily mainline departures .
Other
All Passenger Service Employees will have twelve sick days per year .
The grievance procedure is an improvement from the US Airways contract . There will be a quarterly meeting to resolve grievances with the ability to escalate cases to arbitration for quarterly hearings with resolution that day , which in essence creates an expedited process .
Home-Based Representatives will receive the same benefits as other Passenger Service Employees , including vacations , sick time , and holidays . And their pay will be increased dramatically .
The company will match dollar for dollar employees ' first 5.5 % contribution to the 401K plan .
Health Insurance
Because it is too late to participate in open enrollment for a new health insurance plan , we agreed to leave all plans as is for now . We will present a health care proposal to the company by June 2016 and attempt to negotiate a new plan , which would take effect no sooner than January 2017 . For now , all agents ' health insurance will remain status quo .
Ratification
All LUS members in good standing and LAA Passenger Service Employees who have completed a membership form by October 1 , 2015 , will be eligible to vote on the tentative agreement . After we have completed the agreement explanation process described above , we will mail a summary of the agreement and voting instructions to all eligible voters , who will then use a PIN code to vote online .
Thanks to all the members who stood together throughout this fight for an industry-leading contract for every agent at the new American Airlines . Your solidarity kept the bargaining team going through nine long months of negotiations . We are extremely grateful for your support and inspired by your commitment to each other and to the fight for a voice on the job .
Solidarity ,
Ron Collins
CWA/IBT Association Bargaining Chair
Marin County received some of the heaviest rainfall during the last week 's storms and reservoirs there are showing it . They 're spilling over in fact.San Anselmo Creek is the place everyone thinks about when they think about big water in Marin County . It 's at six feet currently and flood stage is at 13 feet high . After the North Bay received 17 inches of rain , San Anselmo Creek surprisingly does n't compare to the Alpine Dam.To see a truly dramatic example of how much rain has fallen on Marin County , it requires a bit of a trek down an old , narrow , winding staircase that is 143 feet long . The farther you go , the more water that cascades behind you , but still , that is not the impressive part -- the Alpine Dam is.It is the first time the gates have opened in two years or maybe more . Up above Apline Lake is so full that water touches the branches of trees on the shoreline . This is one of four reservoirs in Marin County that are now spilling over . `` Our reservoir system is built so that as one reservoir fills that water spills over into another reservoir , '' Libby Pischel from the Marin Municipal Water District said.As of Monday morning , Marin County 's storage was almost 131 percent of normal for this date , thanks mostly to a December Christmas present in the form of rainfall . About 17 inches of rain has fallen for the month , and December is only half over . So many are questioning if the drought is over too . `` The governor has not changed his stance and we 're not going to either , '' Pischel said.Marin benefits from a water system built to catch rain runoff , not snow . The water spilled down hills , into storm drains and along Lagunitas Creek , west of Fairfax . It became a torrent by the time it reached the Inkwell Falls . Last year at this time it was just a trickle . Now they 're the closest thing to a Niagara Falls in Marin.Many residents who know this area felt compelled to visit and look . `` If you were to jump down there you would be down the creek in minutes , '' San Anselmo resident Robert Detweiler said.This is what you get in a wet December after 17 inches of rain .
Ready to embrace your inner deck-builder , but not sure where to start ? Do n't fret , friend ! Deck Recipes are coming to Hearthstone to help inspire * new deck-builders to create fun and functional decks !
Introducing Deck Recipes !
Deck Recipes are a new feature coming to Hearthstone to help to bud deck-builders get a head-start on quickly crafting a solid deck to play in the Tavern . They 're great for both new players who have n't built many decks , and experienced players who do n't want to create a deck entirely from scratch . To access the Deck Recipes , simply go to your Collection Manager via the “ My Collection ” button , select the “ New Deck ” option under “ My Decks , ” and pick your class ; then you 'll see the Deck Recipes on the left-hand side . Three are available for each class , including one classic recipe , and two themed recipes . If you want to quickly jump into a game and need a deck , classic recipes are the way to go . If you 're more experienced and want to try something different , themed recipes may provide some inspiration .
Each classic recipe consists of only Basic and Classic cards , and provides a good foundation for you to get started on building most traditional decks . Newer players will find that the classic recipe is a great tool to get familiar with the deck-building process , but they can also serve as a handy shortcut for veteran players looking to get a new deck started .
Themed recipes revolve around certain card types or mechanics , and generally promote synergy between the cards included in the recipe . These slightly more advanced decks each promote a specific playstyle , and are better suited for more experienced players looking to try something new .
Examples of themed recipes include :
Rogue 's Empowered Spells recipe – This deck focuses mostly on card draw and spell damage , anchored by the mighty essence of magic himself , Malygos .
Hunter 's Deathtrap recipe – A control-based deck that focuses on board control and the use of Trap spells .
Shaman 's Murlocs Unleashed recipe – An aggressive deck that focuses on buffing synergies , and our favorite fishy friends .
But I 'm Missing Cards !
Do n't have all of the cards to complete a specific Deck Recipe ? No sweat ! Simply click on one of the greyed out cards you 're missing , and the greatly improved “ Suggest a Card ” feature will help you replace it with a card from your collection . This should help make it easy to quickly finish a deck , and start playing !
We hope you 'll have fun experimenting with Deck Recipes , and that they 'll help get your creative deck-building juices flowing . These recipes serve as a great starting point for building solid decks , and also serve as useful tools for those looking to get into more advanced deck-building . If you 're excited about our upcoming Standard format , we have you covered—all of our Deck Recipes are Standard-friendly . As new cards are released , we may update the current Deck Recipes , or swap some out entirely , so keep on the lookout !
* This inspires effect does not require the use of a Hero Power , but may result in excessive tinkering . Use with caution .
Do n't miss our Special Hearthstone Announcement onat
Vrindavan , India
By Vivek Prakash
It 's one of those things that you just have to do . Ever since I moved to India , I 've always wanted to photograph Holi celebrations in north India . As a kid growing up here , I played with colored powders and water in the streets with my friends . As an adult , I 've been lucky enough to have the chance to return with my camera . I had been looking forward to this assignment . I was expecting a riot of a different kind , a riot of color and noise – and that 's exactly what I got .
GALLERY : FESTIVAL OF HOLI
Holi is celebrated widely across India , but it is more popular in the north of the country . The epicenter of all the action is in a triangle of villages around the city of Mathura – the fun begins at Barsana , then moves to Nandgaon , Vrindavan , and Dauji before finally finishing a week of rolling celebrations in the region where the Hindu god Krishna and his consort Radha are thought to have been born and lived . It 's a festival that celebrates the arrival of spring , but in this region it also has special significance as it celebrates the story of Radha and Krishna and their love for each other . The enthusiasm of the people is unmatched – the energy combined with sheer numbers make for fantastic scenes drenched in water and color . It makes for delicious pictures . But I have to admit , after having covered it for the first time , it 's harder than it looks to get a great picture . Keeping your equipment dry and operational is a big challenge .
On my first day of coverage , I arrived at the village of Barsana early in the morning and headed straight for the main temple where celebrations would take place . I was at first disappointed as the morning session at the temple was a bit subdued . However , by the time the temple re-opened at 4pm it was a different story . There were thousands of people waiting to storm the entry doors . Inside , a sea of bodies heaved against each other , amid projectiles of colored powder and buckets of orange colored water being flung everywhere . It was hard to hold your position steady enough to shoot pictures , let alone compose something nice . At one point , there was so much powder that photographers were completely caked in it – nostrils and lungs were full of red dust . I wished I had brought a surgical mask instead of a scarf to shield myself .
In an odd tradition , as soon as the fun at the temple is over , people head out into the street for “ Lathmar Holi ” , in which men from the neighboring village of Nandgaon sing provocative ( and sometimes really lewd ) songs at women , who then use huge wooden sticks to “ beat ” the men as they crouch on the ground while holding a shield . I thought it would be just a little bit of fun , but the women really do go for it and I would not want to be caught under one of those sticks ! This scene repeats itself the next day in the village of Nandgaon , where there is another huge temple rush – albeit a bit easier to manage as there 's space to move around at that temple . Then it 's the men from Barsana 's turn to be beaten by the women of Nandgaon .
In Vrindavan , the Bankey Bihari temple is tucked away in a small meandering alley . The crowd is unbelievable – the streets are jam packed with revelers headed there , the queues to get in are extremely long , and there is no space to move inside . Devotees constantly smash into each other and push and shove as they make their way to the front of the temple to get a glimpse of the resident deity , all the while shouting slogans and under clouds of flying powder and under torrents of water .
At a shelter for widows who have been abandoned by their families , I was lucky to experience one of the happiest things I 've ever witnessed . The widows , who traditionally would have shunned celebrations of any kind for fear of social reprisals , threw flowers into the air as they celebrated holi for the first time . Women were crying tears of joy , laughing and singing . I felt moved enough to put down my camera and just take in the bliss for a couple of minutes .
After discussing our coverage with my Chief , Ahmad Masood , we also decided that although the temple scenes are spectacular , they present a problem because day after day , the pictures start to look quite similar . To add variety to the file , I wandered for hours in the narrow lanes around the village to try and get a sense of the mood of Holi in my pictures . My favorite picture of this entire assignment ( a boy gleefully spraying blue colored foam as his friends duck out of the way ) was found in the alleys of Vrindavan .
In the days that followed , I concentrated my efforts on shooting more of the action on the streets of Vrindavan to add as much variety to our file as I could . I 'd decided that even though there were more celebrations in the temples and in the widows ' shelters , it was on the streets that we would find the really fun pictures .
Our coverage finished at the Dauji temple , where I wandered in the tiny village before the “ Huranga ” celebration which marks the end of Holi celebrations in the region .
As a photographer uninitiated in covering Holi , I was surprised by just how intense the experience is . Not only are you shooting two to three sessions of Holi every day , but you 're trying to make different pictures which add variation to the file over the course of a weeklong assignment . You 're doing that while drenched and caked in colored powder and constantly wiping your lens to keep it dry and clean .
I wore the same T-shirt for all 7 days of coverage . The color is impossible to remove , so you are saying goodbye to whatever clothes you wear for Holi . I lost a pair of slippers outside a temple ( you ca n't enter with footwear – my slippers were a cool pair that quickly got nicked ) . I walked about 3km back to the car barefoot . I wound up buying two sets of 60 rupee slippers instead , not wanting to lose a good pair of shoes to this assignment . One pair of board-shorts tore in Nandgaon ( thankfully in a place that did n't outrage anyone 's modesty ) and I 'm planning to throw out a pair of North Face pants when I 'm done with this job .
No one has any mercy on photographers and you get as covered in color and water as anyone else . People are constantly smearing the stuff all over you . My scalp is still pink and I have patches of color all over my body . The color has n't come off with soap or shampoo , but I 'm told by experts that caking myself in chickpea flower mixed with yoghurt and then taking a shower does the trick . I wonder if that will clog the drain at my flat in Mumbai .
I was told all sorts of scary stories about dead cameras , ruined lenses and trashed equipment . Well-prepared photographers have lost two or three bodies to Holi . I asked around and took all the advice I could about how to best “ Holi-proof ” my gear so that I could continue shooting without destroying it . My basic Holi coverage kit contained non-scratch cloth , cling wrap , waterproof covers , nail polish remover , gaffer tape , scarves and handtowels and a dry belt pouch to carry dry items and spare lenses in .
I prepped my cameras and lenses by wrapping them in clingfilm to protect them just in case water somehow got through the rain covers – it 's better to be doubly safe . It also makes your camera difficult to operate and it 's very hard to judge what pictures are good on the back of an LCD screen covered in food wrap and then a translucent waterproof cover . I shoot in manual only . Changing the ISO and aperture became a real issue as it 's very hard to recognize which buttons you need to push under all that wrap . I was surprised because I can usually change all that without having to look at the camera , but I found myself searching for the right buttons all the time . Luckily , as annoying as this was , I got used to it after several days and I credit it with saving all my gear . I 've managed to walk away without having any gear damaged , except for a lens filter which smashed when I slipped and fell down a set of stairs in the hotel .
Not bad for 7 days of Holi coverage – losing just one filter , a pair of slippers , board-shorts and a t-shirt . In exchange , I 've had one of the best experiences of my life and walked away with many very happy pictures . I 'd come back in a heartbeat . But maybe next time , with a water-resistant point and shoot instead of a 5dMkIII and 1d MkIV to worry about !
What are the things one can do in Chennai ? Credits to the original list organizer . If you know better , mail me at sugavaneshb @ gmail.com . For more info , visit the original website listed below . Chennai , formerly known as Madras : this 369-year-old city is the capital of the southern state of Tamilnadu and is India 's ...
What are the things one can do in Chennai ? Credits to the original list organizer . If you know better , mail me at sugavaneshb @ gmail.com . For more info , visit the original website listed below .
Chennai , formerly known as Madras : this 369-year-old city is the capital of the southern state of Tamilnadu and is India 's sixth-largest city in terms of population with an estimated population of 7.45 million ( 2005 ) . It serves as one of the main gateways to South India and has a thriving local culture and art scene and is one of the major destinations for medical tourism . It is considered as one of the world 's fastest growing cities . ( from wikipedia )
Back home in Western Australia for the first time in months , Kevin Parker 's doing his best to take stock of his 2016 . “ I have trouble enough working out what I did this year , and what was further back than a year , ” he admits , the dizzying speed at which their third album , 2015 's ‘ Currents ' , propelled Tame Impala forward clearly having played havoc with the head honcho 's short-term memory . “ I ca n't for the life of me work out what the first thing I did this year was . ”
A refresher , then . After capping off last year with their first major festival headline slots , the pop-loving psych-heads roared into this one with a nod from Rihanna ( as you do ) , who covered ‘ Currents '' ‘ New Person , Same Old Mistakes ' on her latest album . Not a bad present for Kev 's 30th birthday . As the festival bookings kept slotting in , they then skipped out on the Grammy 's – at which they were nominated for Best Alternative Music Album – instead using their Valentine 's Day weekend to sell out two nights at London 's cavernous Alexandra Palace . A Best International Group award at the BRITs capped off that month , before Kev went for a dip in the sea for his ‘ Waves ' collaboration with honey-sweet crooner Miguel . Admitting back in April that he was working on new music - “ I do n't know if it 's for Tame Impala or if it 's something I 'm going to write for someone else , because I 've been wanting to do that a lot more , ” he teased - things then went full-on bonkers .
Photos of the supposedly reclusive producer in the studio with Lady Gaga cropped up online , setting the rumour mill ablaze , before a huge billing at Barcelona 's Primavera Sound proved his band had the chops to fill those top spots they were hurtling towards all summer . It was a good job too , really – just a couple of weeks later , they were Saturday night 's second-from-top on Glastonbury 's iconic Pyramid Stage . Who were they opening for ? Oh , just Adele . August saw confirmation that Kevin and long-time pal Mark Ronson had co-produced Lady Gaga 's incoming new single ‘ Perfect Illusion ' , and September saw its release . It 's been a radio mainstay ever since .
“ We have a habit of doing that… ” Kev shrugs , looking back on that packed-out calendar . “ It was pretty intense this year . Things just come up , y'know ? ”
“ If I had to work with someone else on Tame Impala stuff , it just would n't even be Tame Impala. ” Kevin Parker
In other hands , that nonchalance might come off as arrogance – Kevin Parker could n't be further from the cocksure rockstar archetype , though . He 's guarded ; taking his time to digest everything he 's asked , talking slowly so as to avoid tripping up on himself . His personality is n't a world away from his music , in that regard – introverted , but not introspective , the concept of an interview ( of which he gives precious few ) still seems to make Kevin uneasy . When asked about one of the few he did give earlier this year , to Q about his Glastonbury exploits , he audibly cringes at the memory . “ There 's a good 36 hours after we played that is unaccounted for , ” he divulged back in July . “ I suddenly came to and it was Monday morning . ”
“ I feel like that 's what it 's like for everyone , but not everyone gets interviewed about how fucked up they got at Glastonbury ! ” he half-laughs , half-groans today . “ I feel like to say , ‘ Oh yeah , it was crazy ! I blacked out for 24-hours ! ' - everyone does ! It 's kind of just unspoken that you do ; but you do n't go talking about it in interviews afterwards , ” he adds with more laughter . “ Which I did , and then lots of people made a thing out of it . But that 's the way it goes ! ”
Contrary to popular belief , Kevin Parker does n't like to dwell on such things . Or , indeed , anything . He 's burdened with a longstanding reputation for being something of a control freak , noodling away solo in his studio for weeks and months at a time – “ People say that a lot about me - that I 've got this desire to have control of everything – but really , it 's quite the opposite , ” he insists . “ I think people assume that because it 's a one-man studio thing – because I record all the music myself and I do a lot of the stuff myself and do n't involve anyone else , I think people put two-and-two together . But it 's not about that at all . ”
Indeed , to anyone who caught Tame Impala at any one of their hundreds of shows this year , it was clear to see Kevin shedding that reclusive image night after night . Finally owning up to being the band 's sole studio member around the time ‘ Currents ' came to light , his on-stage persona soon followed suit . Grabbing the frontman role with both hands , he uprooted his gaze and bare feet from his guitar pedals , hopping , skipping and dad dancing about evermore-massive stages , revelling in cannon-after-cannon of confetti . Tame Impala 's one-man-band studio guise was borne of necessity , not narcissism , he explains . Obsessed with writing and recording since his pre-teen years , the lack of friends with a similarly musical mindset left him in the lurch . Rather than wait around for these mates to swap playtime for practise , he took everything on himself . “ I was like , ‘ Oh , I guess I 've got ta do everything ' , ” he smirks . “ As an artist I 've just grown up with that way of doing it , to the point where if I had to work with someone else on Tame Impala stuff , it just would n't even be Tame Impala . There 's no way I 'd be able to conjure up the same emotions , and get inspired in the same way . I love making music with other people – since I 've made music with friends , I 've loved collaborating and stuff – but it 's just not what Tame Impala is . To be able to access that part of myself , I have to be totally in my own zone and in my own head. ” Times have changed , of course . “ I 'm part of an extremely creatively driven group of friends , and we 're all kinda the same – making music is our lifeblood , ” he states proudly today , those long and lonesome studio days far behind him . “ We 're never really content just to be doing one thing . ”
Few friendships sum up the rocket-speed rise of Tame Impala quite like that of Kevin and Mark Ronson , though . At any given opportunity , Kev 'll espouse his mate 's various endeavours ; “ one of the best DJs in the world , ” he declares when remembering their Glastonbury back-to-back and its upcoming counterpart in Mexico , an almost audible twinkle in his eye . He 's clearly enamoured with his quiff-sporting bestie – a relationship that spawned one of 2016 's most unexpected link-ups . “ Mark was telling me he was gon na work on the Lady Gaga album , and just asked me if I wanted to be a part of it , ” he says matter-of-factly , “ So obviously I did ! It was so left field for me , but because it was Mark I had no hesitation in just diving in headfirst . There was no fear , I knew the project was in good hands with Mark . So yeah , it just went from there . ”
Moving forward , Kev found himself in a very different environment to his beachside home studio . “ Luckily it was n't a room full of people , it was just Gaga and Mark , ” he says , looking back . Leaping out of his comfort zone and into Gaga 's megastar bubble brought about an epiphany of sorts , mind .
“ She is now the first person I 've ever written lyrics with , ” he confesses . “ It was getting towards the end of the day , we were deep in that zone , writing lyrics for ‘ Perfect Illusion ' , and I suddenly realised it was the first time . Gaga commented that I was easy to work with lyrically , we 'd bounce ideas off each other really well , and I was like , ‘ Y'know this is actually the first time I 've written lyrics with another person ! ' It 's the first time I 've verbally , physically voiced ideas of how to put lyrics together , and the first time I 've had a conversation about how this verse , or this line , or this rhyme is going to go together . It 's the first time I 've ever had that out in the open – normally that whole conversation just happens inside my head . It was quite a weird sensation . ”
It was yet another world away from the Rihanna collab , too . “ I 've never got to meet her ! ” he admits of the ‘ ANTI ‘ star - the last minute musical trade-off for Rih 's ‘ Same Ol ' Mistakes ' took place over phone calls and email .
“ There are definitely a few other things coming up , ” he teases of those A-list collabs . “ You do n't have to be switched on to realise that if I do this , and then this happens… it 's just the way the music world works , you know ? So there 's going to be other things happening , but I think I 'd be ruining it if I mentioned who . ”
“ Everything that I do , or that is going on around me , affects Tame Impala. ” Kevin Parker
True to form , and proof those rumours are completely unfounded , Kev 's not overthinking anything in the months to come . There 's talk of moving out of Perth , “ just to change it up ” , but until then he 's taking everything as it comes . He concedes to one common trait he 's pinned with though – that he 's a workaholic . “ To me , the idea of taking a break is kinda pointless , ” he says with a shrug . “ Just because making music , for me , it 's not really draining . It 's self-perpetuating ; once you get momentum on something you just want to find the next thing , or evolve this , or evolve that . ”
The momentum of Kevin 's 2016 is bound to feed into Tame Impala 's next moves , too . “ Everything that I do , or that is going on around me , affects Tame Impala , ” he admits . “ Even non-musically . ”
“ I 've been listening to a lot more pop music than I used to , just out of curiosity , ” he offers by way of newfound inspirations , but there 's nothing concrete about Kev 's next steps : “ I dunno – there 's nothing in particular that I 've taken a liking to . ”
New Tame Impala 's not top of the priority list right now , though , he admits . “ I 'm back home , but activity-wise I 'm still very much involved with other stuff . I 've got a lot of things on the go at the moment – POND , my friends , are making an album , and I 'm producing that . Even though I 'm at home , it 's not like I 'm just sitting on the couch . So when all that dies down , I 'll get a chance to work out what I 'm doing . Since ‘ Currents ' came out , it 's opened up a lot of other possibilities for me . So at the moment , I 'm just doing a bit of everything at once . It 's not very focused – I 'm extremely unfocused at the moment ! ” he laughs . “ I do n't have the self discipline to be able to filter anything out at the moment – I 'll have to see in the future . ”
Succumbing to the tide of ‘ Currents ' and drifting wherever it 'll take them , in Tame Impala 's bonkers new world , ‘ Let It Happen ' proves to be so much more than a festival headline-worthy single – it 's a mantra Kevin and co live by .
Photos : Pooneh Ghana / DIY .
Taken from the November 2016 issue of DIY , out now . Subscribe below .
The guys over at the GNU Linux-libre project have had the great pleasure of announcing the release and immediate availability for download of the GNU Linux-libre 4.4 kernel on January 10 , 2016 .
The announcement of GNU Linux-libre kernel 4.4 comes right after Linus Torvalds unleashed the final bits of the long-term supported Linux 4.4 kernel , on which the GNU Linux-libre kernel 4.4 release is based .
At the moment of writing this article , there are no details about the changes implemented in GNU Linux-libre kernel 4.4 , except for the fact that the nfcmrvl , rohm_bu21023 , rtl8xxxu , fdp , qed , and nfcmrvl components have been deblobbed .
Additionally , deblobbing has been adjusted in order to revamp the early microcode loader , and support for ft1000 has been removed . You might , however , want to know that more detailed release notes should be available in the coming days .
Linux kernel 4.4 for 100 % freedom
The GNU Linux-libre project has been created with a single goal in mind : to come up with a version of the Linux kernel that is 100 % free , designed from the offset to be compatible with the GNU Operating System .
Best of all , the GNU Linux-libre kernel is also compatible with various GNU/Linux operating systems , and every Linux user out there is free to install it from the default repositories of their distributions .
If you are interested in the GNU Linux-libre project , we recommend reading the wiki found at http : //linuxlibre.org . In the meantime , you can download the GNU Linux-libre kernel 4.4 right now from our website .
As with every major release of the GNU Linux-libre kernel , all users are urged to upgrade to the newest version available as soon as possible . You should check the repos of your GNU/Linux distribution for GNU Linux-libre kernel 4.4 in the coming days and update immediately as it is out .
Jose Aldo once again complained about his pay . The UFC Featherweight champion was the guest for a Q & A session this Friday in Barueri , Brazil , where he expressed his displeasure with the money made by MMA fighters in comparison with boxers . The quote was transcribed by Ag . Fight .
`` We should be treated better . Not only by the UFC but also by media . We are well treated by the fans . We make a lot less money than we should . We deliver shows and should be well paid . We virtually pay to fight . To become a boxer is complicated but would be very good . ''
It 's the third time this year that Aldo has complained about his income , the first time was in May and the second in October . His friend , Renan Barao also spoke up about the subject but took a step back and the UFC president Dana White blamed the translation . Even Chael Sonnen gave his thoughts about the situation and said that it 's Aldo 's fault for making less money that he should .
FRANKFURT/TOKYO/WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Attempts by the European Central Bank to weaken the euro have the potential to spark a currency war but policymakers across the world are keeping silent , knowing the ECB has scant alternatives to keep its economy afloat .
A structure showing the Euro currency sign is seen in front of the European Central Bank ( ECB ) headquarters in Frankfurt July 11 , 2012 . REUTERS/Alex Domanski
Euro zone central bankers have spelled out the need for a weaker euro to breathe life into the bloc 's economy , which flatlined in the second quarter and is flirting with deflation .
Such comments are usually a no-go among the big industrialized nations for fear that one country 's bid to become more competitive might trigger a race to devalue currencies and prompt other economies to resort to protectionism .
But ECB measures that have helped push down the euro to below $ 1.30 from just shy of $ 1.40 in May have drawn little objection . These include verbal interventions , cutting interest rates close to zero and a pledge to flood the banking system with money via cheap loans and purchases of private sector debt .
“ People are n't criticizing the ECB as triggering a currency war , because they are worried the euro zone may slip into deflation , ” said a Japanese policymaker with direct knowledge of exchange rate policy . “ It 's in the interests of the global economy for Europeans to do what 's needed to avoid deflation . ”
Japan got a similar pass from its G20 peers last year when Prime Minister Shinzo Abe launched an aggressive mix of monetary and fiscal stimulus that pushed the yen sharply lower .
Having urged Tokyo for years to do something to galvanize its listless economy , other major economic powers could hardly complain about such “ Abenomics ” .
The problem for the ECB is that its new funding may not pass through to businesses and households as intended . Many euro zone banks are still laden with bad loans and struggling to meet regulatory demands for more capital buffers , while uncertainty from the conflict in Ukraine and a sanctions war with Russia could spoil companies ' appetite for new loans .
A weaker euro might be a more effective remedy .
“ With the euro zone doing worse economically than the United States and United Kingdom , a weaker euro against the dollar and pound is just what the doctor ordered , ” said Barry Eichengreen , professor of economics at the University of California and one of the world 's foremost experts on currency systems .
“ There would then be an end to the litany of financial shocks originating in Europe that have perturbed U.S. financial markets for the last four years . ”
The United States has criticized currency policies in the past - urging China , for example , to move towards a market-determined exchange rate - but its bigger concern now is possible deflation in Europe .
“ Some recent steps and further discussion in Europe toward a more accommodative pro-growth strategy are encouraging , but boosting domestic demand is key and efforts to do so should be supported by decisive actions across a full range of economic policies – fiscal , structural and monetary , ” a U.S. Treasury official said on Friday .
RAISED EYEBROWS
Although ECB chief Mario Draghi 's initial efforts to talk down the euro raised eyebrows in Tokyo , policymakers there have been silent on recent verbal interventions by ECB officials .
After nearly two decades of deflation and economic stagnation - and with the yen at a six-year low against the dollar helping Japan 's export-reliant economy - they know how important the currency channel can be .
When the Bank of Japan launched its massive quantitative easing ( QE ) program in April last year , a tumbling yen was regarded as a key transmission mechanism , driving up import costs and salaries at exporters . That helped push core consumer inflation to above 1 percent from below zero in a year .
“ The ECB 's stance is similar to what Japan is doing and no-one can criticize that , ” Nomura currency strategist Yujiro Goto said . “ If the euro continues to depreciate that might be a bit of negative for Japanese inflation momentum , but at this moment people are more focused on dollar/yen , which is appreciating again . ”
Japan 's stronger business ties with Asia and the United States mean a weaker euro will affect it only marginally , although BoJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has said he is ready to talk down the yen if the euro fall triggers a yen spike .
Some Japanese policymakers see the ECB 's explicit language on the euro as a sign of desperation , pointing to its depleted policy arsenal and high threshold for deploying QE .
Worried that stagnant euro zone demand will drag on emerging Asian economies , they see merits in allowing Europe to take whatever steps are needed to revive growth , as long as there is no direct intervention in currency markets to weaken the euro .
RED LINE
When ECB policymakers talk about the euro , they emphasize that the exchange rate is not a policy target . But the ECB has an inflation target and the exchange rate influences inflation .
Draghi said in March , for example , that an effective rise in the euro of about 8 percent since mid-2012 had knocked 40 to 50 basis points off headline inflation , which was then 0.5 percent but slowed to 0.3 percent in August .
French central bank governor Christian Noyer said last week the euro 's roughly 4 percent fall since meant policymakers ' rhetoric had “ succeeded perfectly ” , adding : “ We needed to bring the euro down and we still need to bring the euro down . ”
“ The significant point here was to affect the exchange rate , ” his Austrian counterpart Ewald Nowotny said hours after this month 's unexpected interest rate cut .
The ECB 's latest staff projections see import prices rising , helped by a weaker euro , which should feed inflation , but the bank stresses it could do more if deflation risks persist - including broadening asset purchases to include sovereign bonds .
The currency may be a trigger for that : “ All things being equal , a stronger euro justifies a more accommodating monetary policy , ” Executive Board member Benoit Coeure said last week .
Provided the ECB sticks to domestic assets and does not intervene directly - neither of which are on its agenda at present - its central bank peers are likely to tolerate its actions unless the euro takes a dramatic dive .
“ Continuing to take steps to actively push down the exchange rate after the euro has fallen by , say , 30 percent would be enough to excite foreign critics , ” Eichengreen said .
“ But the euro 's fall to date is only 5 percent on a trade-weighted basis . So any red line is far off in the future . ”
A Houston family says their loved one was killed by Harris County Sheriff 's Office deputies who stunned him with a Taser nearly three dozen times . The man 's family claims deputies beat him and continued to stun the man , eventually causing his death .
Herman Barnes had a history of mental illness . He was killed in 2006 . Now attorneys for his family are suing former Harris County Sheriff Tommy Thomas and several deputies , blaming them for his death .
A family attorney says Harris County Sheriff 's deputies entered Barnes ' home without reason and used excessive force on him . According to a lawsuit filed in federal court on Barnes ' behalf , Barnes suffered several abrasions from his forehead to his face , neck , chest , down to his lower back .
The lawsuit states deputies beat Barnes with a nightstick and shocked him with a Taser more than 30 times . At times he was partially handcuffed , pinned to the ground and `` drive stunned '' -- blasted directly in the neck . The lawsuit further states , per Harris County records , that Barnes suffered Taser shocks for a total of 123 seconds .
Civil rights attorney for the plaintiff , Anthony Griffin , says Harris County failed to properly train its officers in the use of Tasers and that those officers acted with deliberate indifference , ultimately leading to Barnes ' death .
In addition to Thomas , the individual defendants named in the lawsuit are Andy Viruette Jr. , Juan Celestial , Nicholas Carter , George W. Ellington , Rex Evans , Kevin Sims , Gregg Board and Andy Hulsey . Officials tell us at least one of the individual defendants is no longer a law enforcement officer .
Harris County was intitially listed as a defendant and subsequently dropped . The suit also names real estate management company Hettig/Kahn Holdings and TASER International , manufacturer of the stun gun used by HCSO , as defendants .
Find Sonia on Facebook at ABC13SoniaAzad or on Twitter at @ abc13soniaazad
Student Exchange Visa Program ( SEVP ) & 1-20
Frequently Asked Questions
How can I enroll my child in your school ?
Acquire an application packet and submit required documents along with a non-refundable $ 250 Initial International Processing Fee and $ 100 deposit . There is no application deadline , but you are encouraged to apply as soon as possible . You will receive the school 's decision within 1 week and an I-20 will be issued for your child if he/she has been accepted .
What other documents will I need to submit ?
Copy of birth certificate , copy of passport , proof of immunization , evidence of financial support , and recent school transcripts . The following documents are also required , but will be contained in your application packet : Notarized guardianship letter , authorization form , emergency form , disaster form , physician 's report , refund/withdrawal policy , enrollment agreement , website authorization form , optional service form , and 10 hour punch card notice . ( All documents must be translated in English ) .
What if my child does n't know much English ?
Your child will take part in an ESL program as part of his/her school curriculum . This will enable him/her to increase his/her English language ability , while continuing to progress in other subjects as well .
What is an I-20 and what do we do with it ?
An I-20 is a 3-page document that only certain authorized schools can issue to qualifying students , and is the “ application ” needed to apply for an F-1 student visa . The legal guardian or the family contact is responsible for mailing the I-20 to the family via a postal service where a tracking number will be issued ( i.e . FedEx , DHL ) . The parents of the student are to contact their local American Embassy ( in the student 's country of citizenship ) and make an appointment to apply for the F-1 student visa ( this can be done several months prior to starting school ) .
What do we do after obtaining the F-1 ?
1 ) Submit a copy of the F-1 to the school 's Designated School Official ( DSO ) ( scan and email or fax ) . 2 ) Make travel arrangements . Students are allowed to enter the U.S. no more than 30 days prior to the start of school . 3 ) Must make contact with DSO within 72 hours of arrival to make appointment and submit remaining fee balance and documents . Once the student starts school , his/her I-20 will be registered in the government 's database ( SEVIS ) .
What if my child already has an I-20 and F-1 and already attends school in the U.S. ?
Your child will be considered a “ transfer ” student . The enrollment process and fees are the same . Our school 's DSO will take care of the I-20 and we will issue an updated copy once your child arrives at our campus .
Who do I contact if I have additional questions regarding the Student and Exchange Visa Program ( SEVP ) ?
You may contact our school and speak to the Designated School Official ( DSO ) or contact your local U.S. Embassy . You may also check the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) website at http : //www.ice.gov/
Student POE Fact Sheet : http : //www.ice.gov/doclib/sevis/pdf/i94-fact-sheet.pdf
Apartment Building 63 , also called Commune 63 ( Romanian Comuna 63 ) is an apartment building located in the Dristor neighbourhood in the south-eastern part of Bucharest ( Sectorul 3 ) and it is the largest single residential building in Romania [ citation needed ] with a total of 950 apartments , with one room , and holding just over 1,600 residents . [ 1 ] The building is nicknamed the commune because of the large number of apartments that could house an entire village or commune , and because of the long corridors that stretch from one end of the building to the other and resemble a long country road . [ 1 ] The apartment building has four staircases of 10 floors each and is built in the shape of a giant Z with an extension in the southern part of the structure . [ 1 ] It is also located near the Dristor metro station , a major node of the Bucharest Metro 's railway network . [ 1 ]
History [ edit ]
Apartment Building 63 was finished and opened in 1963 and was first intended to be inhabited by officers of the Romanian Armed Forces and of the Ministry of Administration and Interior . [ 1 ] In the same year , the selected officers started to move into the apartments from the first two staircases of the building but because of the intensive demolition projects undergone in the area , the original purpose of the building was changed , and the structure 's role was to serve as a new home for the people that had to move from their demolished houses . [ 1 ] The building was considered by the Romanian Communist Party to be a symbol of the centralized state and an outstanding feat of engineering designed for the citizen comrade in the vision of the communist perspective . Another 4 sister buildings , built in the same year , are scattered across the East part of Bucharest ( one of them is near Mihai Bravu Avenue ) . [ 1 ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates :
By Elisinio Castillo
Former world champion Yuriorkis Gamboa ( 25-1 , 17KOs ) is hinting that a major fight is coming in the near future .
As reported a few days ago , Gamboa signed a promotional agreement with a brand-new company , BB Promotions out of Spain . The Olympic gold medal winner is nearly finished up with his current promotional deal with SMS Promotions , which is owned by rapper Curtis '50 Cent ' Jackson .
By way of a lawsuit , Gamboa tried to break his contract with Jackson a few months ago , but a court refused to break the promotional agreement .
Gamboa 's alliance with Jackson has stagnated his career . He only had a single fight in 2015 , two fights in 2014 and one fight in 2013 .
The Olympic gold medal winner expects some very big moves with his new promotional agreement . In the past BB Promotions ? ? tried to break into the Cuban market when made efforts to sign Guillermo Rigondeaux , but they seem to have had better luck with Gamboa .
`` When I was in Europe , we traveled to Barcelona and spoke with Spanish entrepreneurs , '' said Gamboa to George Ebro . `` Whatever happens , I am determined that 2016 will be better in every way. ``
According to BB Promotions , they want to get Gamboa major fights with Javier Fortuna or Jamaican Nicholas Walters , two of the best at 130 pounds .
Gamboa , 34-years-old , would not disclose the names they are negotiating with .
`` I can not say names , but if it happens it 's going to be something very big , something that if I tell you - you 're going to shake . Yes I can announce that I will return to national TV , on HBO [ maybe next month ] or in June . '
`` Everything happens for a reason , and although some may not believe it - the best is yet to come . Things are aligning , we have very good plans with television . I still have a lot to give . ''
Jesus Tyrone Christ ! Black people ca n't do shit .
On a near daily basis we keep seeing examples of Black Americans being accosted , assaulted , arrested , and even murdered for simply ___________ while Black . Walking , playing , trying to make a living , crossing the street , riding public transportation , sleeping in their homes , the list goes on . Black people can not even drop their kids off at school or attend an end-of-the-school-year pool party without upsetting scared White folks and feeling the wrath of America 's police force . And now add cheering and graduating with joy while Black to the list .
High-school graduations are a cherished rite of passage that signal a milestone successfully reached . It points to the potential of a bright future , a stepping-stone in the fulfillment of the so-called “ American Dream. ” And the ceremonies are communal events ; they represent a celebration of both an individual accomplishment and the collective contributions necessary to complete the last chapter of childhood . It 's not uncommon for graduation ceremonies to include cheering , shout-outs and hollers , whistles and other spontaneous expressions of pride and joy from family members when their graduate crosses the stage to receive their diploma . I attended a wealthy mostly-White boarding school where parents vociferously expressed their joy on graduation day : “ Way to go , Tyler ! ” “ You 've done it , Fletcher ! ” “ Go , Meg ! ”
Graduations are a family victory .
ARE YOU HUNGRY ? Over 40 million Americans do n't have enough to eat and we want to know why . From redlining to the opioid crisis to the flint water crisis , we 're exploring why and what is making food insecurity worse in the United States . Listen Now
Especially if you 're Black .
It was n't that long ago that African Americans were forbidden to learn to read and write , sometimes under punishment of death . It was n't long ago that American public schools were desegregated , and even with the progress that has been made , Black students are more likely to be harshly disciplined , suspended , and expelled , sent from the school into the prison pipeline . Black kids attend schools where the majority of teachers do n't have certification . They attend schools that do n't offer Algebra II or Chemistry . Not surprisingly , given persistent educational inequality , Black kids disproportionately account for those who flunk or drop out of high school . Politicians and community leaders routinely lament America 's racial educational gaps , lagging Black graduation rates , and the educational failures of the broader community .
So yeah , a Black student graduating from high school—any student from any high school—is still a big fucking beating-the-odds deal , especially in a society that 's constantly telling young people of color , through images , news stories , and statistics , that they suck at everything . Graduating is a statement to the doubters and haters , those who lament , without any facts on their side , how Black youth , their parents , and the broader community do n't value education .
So WHY are Black family members in Mississippi Goddamn being charged with a criminal act for cheering their graduate 's shining moment ? Is Black joy also supposed to be a dream deferred ?
Newsletter Never miss another story . With `` This Week In DAME '' delivered straight to your inbox on Fridays , your weekend reading is set !
When Lakaydra Walker graduated from Senatobia High School recently , her brother , Henry Walker , waved a towel as a relative shouted , “ You did it , baby ! ” only to be promptly removed from the ceremony . And Lakaydra 's aunt , Ursula Miller , called her niece 's name out as she received her diploma .
Shut up all that Black noise ! Civilization is under attack !
Outraged , Senatobia School Superintendent Jay Foster , who threatened to remove any of those cheering and celebrating “ thugs ” from the ceremony , went to police to demand charges be filed against the Walker family .
“ The goal was to allow all graduates to have the privilege of hearing their name called , ” he said . So he sought the arrest of their family members . If it were n't so outrageous and disgusting , we would have to laugh at the logic of arresting a family so that kids could celebrate this educational accomplishment .
What 's next , the football-game-to-prison pipeline ? Or mass arrests for excessive cheering at a basketball game . Not to worry : lacrosse , golf , field hockey and water polo are safe .
Two weeks after the graduation ceremony , the family members were served with warrants that demand fines up to $ 500 and threaten prison time .
Racism runs deep .
In 2012 , Shannon Cooper cheered with unfettered joy as her daughter , Iesha walked across the stage to receive her diploma from South Florence High School in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina . Soon thereafter she was arrested for disturbing the peace , handcuffed , and removed from the ceremony . That same year , an Ohio school administrator denied Anthony Cornist and four other students a high-school diploma because , you guessed it , “ excessive cheering . ”
Black people ca n't do nothinnnnn ' .
Here you have young people that are doing the RIGHT thing : working hard , studying diligently , following the rules , and avoiding Mississippi 's school-to-prison pipeline , which is among America 's most devastating systems . According to Thomas Perez , Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division of the U.S. Department of Justice , Black kids in Meridian , Mississippi , were said have been “ escorted from school for crying while being paddled ” and for the crime “ wearing the wrong color socks ” they were given suspensions .
In spite of living in the state with the highest rate of childhood poverty , a fact often used to demonize and dismiss , these students had come and done what they needed to do for 12 years . Mississippi , the state where State Representative Gene Alday ( R-Walls ) responded to calls for increased funding in face of persistent educational inequality with , “ I do n't see any schools hurting . I come from a town where all the blacks are getting food stamps and what I call ‘ welfare crazy checks . ' They do n't work. ” Graduation day is a day to tell Alday and so many others : “ We have made it in spite of YOU and the systemic traps of white supremacy . ”
Avoiding the traps of drugs , gangs , and premature death , Black kids from Mississippi to Oakland , from Ferguson to Baltimore are defying stereotypes and a society that routinely leaves them behind .
Yet , for the Walker family the celebration was yet another reminder of second-class citizenship . Her family 's justifiable moment of jubilation is so problematic and disruptive that the law had to be brought in to control them . Their joy has become yet another moment to try to push them into America 's criminal injustice system .
“ It 's crazy , ” Henry Walker said . “ The fact that I might have to bond out of jail , pay court costs , or a $ 500 fine for expressing my love , it 's ridiculous man . It 's ridiculous . ”
The family members are expected in court on Tuesday , June 9 .
This is White supremacy on steroids . It is anti-Black racism meets race-fueled over-policing meets powerful hungry school administrations meets State violence and financial exploitation of the poor run amok .
This is a travesty . It is reprehensible and disgusting—not just for the denied joy to the Walker family and the potential consequences from the criminal justice system , but for the anti-Hallmark card sent to all of Black America : Dear darkies , even joy and jubilation is off-limits ! Black people ca n't do a damn thing in this country without the threat of being policed by Whites .
Meanwhile , White folks commit all kinds of crimes , push up against all kinds of rules and regulations—flaunting their comparative freedom . They stroll through airports openly carrying semiautomatic weapons . They shoot up movie theatres and schools with no fear of reprisal . And so many in uniforms attack and kill us with impunity , rarely being punished . Hurling racial slurs and taunts at sporting events is OK , but Black families cheering at graduation are a threat to rule of law . White politicians yelling at President Obama is not a problem , but Black joy is disruptive . Yes , racism is alive and well .
This is not just the denied freedom ( of speech ) and the withheld pursuit of liberty and the pursuit of happiness to the Walker family , but an effort to terrorize Black America . It is a message that there are consequences for simply living , carrying out the most basic , normal day-to-day activities . Just like slavery . Just like Jim Crow .
Ai n't a damn thing changed . The combination of a Black president , a browning population , and Black people daring to live well and be happy has not undone the foundation that is anti-Black racism .
White supremacy does n't simply demand that Black people be seen as inferior , unworthy and inhuman . Rather , it is a system where Black people “ have no rights. ” As Supreme Court Chief Justice Roger Taney proclaimed in the Dred Scott v. Sanford case in which an African-American slave sued for his freedom , America is a nation where Black people have no rights “ which the White man was bound to respect . ”
White supremacy demands nonstop vigilance to strike down any and every demonstration , even the most benign sign , of humanity . Any and all indications that Black people have rights , that Black people exist requires a response of containment . When we have the AUDACITY to express our humanity , the racists ca n't wait to slap us down .
We dance . We sing . We shout . We holler . We make a joyful noise .
The dangers and crime of Living While Black .
Even Riley Curry , the daughter of NBA superstar Stephan Curry , is not immune . Despite charming millions for being a happy , healthy , spirited child in the public eye , her parents have been vilified and questioned as unprofessional and disruptive to the business of the NBA . She and her parents are policed by living free . The illusivity of Black joy from the NBA to high-school graduations .
So on a day of celebration and triumph , where the only crime committed was by the authorities trying to squelch a fleeting moment of Black pride and joy , we now get to see a nightmare unfold—a nightmare designed to punish loving family members for being so bold as to celebrate a legitimate triumph .
We manage to achieve , to excel , to march across the stages of life , flip our tassels , grab our diplomas and march into futures that glimmer with promise and hope , and the racists are mad and want to steal our joy . Because joy is evidence of Black humanity . Our joy says that we refuse to be destroyed by racism and we reject its demands of compliance and subservience . White superiority is challenged by a Black joy that does n't require its approval , validation , definition , permission , or control .
Black joy is self-affirmation and love , and we know that White racists interpret that kind of behavior as a step toward tyranny . And that 's why these Mississippi family members might have to go to jail . White supremacy requires us to hate and destroy ourselves , not cheer and bask in our successes . Because Black failure gives their lives definition , and shores up their delusional sense of racial superiority .
Prior to September 11 , 2001 , most Americans did not know much about Islam . It was a religion that was practiced mainly in the Middle East , and was for the most part a mystery to many in the West . Since that time , with the rise of Al Quada and ISIS and other terrorist organizations , the attacks have become increasingly bold and brazen , especially on western targets . Britain recently suffered its second attack in as many weeks . As more of these attacks are carried out , the ideology behind them has become more well-known and all too familiar .
As the number of Muslims immigrating to America has grown , communities all over the nation have attempted to welcome their new residents and make them feel at home , but do the newcomers to these communities have any intention of assimilating into American life or is there something more ? Could there be an actual plan ?
The answer could be yes . A 2013 article by David Wood in the Christian Research Journal outlines not only passages from the Quran , but also historical patterns , what happens when Muslims move into an area , and what happens to that area over time .
“ …peace and violence are separate stages of a larger Islamic Program , the ultimate goal of which is the violent subjugation of non-Muslims . ”
What Wood describes are stages of Jihad . When most people hear that word they immediately think of violence , but Jihad does not begin there . It begins in a friendly peaceful manner . Stage one begins when Muslims move into a community . While the Quran tells them not to take Christians and Jews as friends , it tells them they can pretend to be friendly . The reason being that they have entered an area where they are vastly outnumbered and must put on a friendly face ( Qur'an 3:28 ) . They will preach love and tolerance and be all for “ inter faith dialogue ” .
The next step , defensive jihad . As the number of Muslim residents grows in a particular area they are more able to defend themselves against what they feel is physical or intellectual discrimination against them . When Muslim women are asked to remove headscarves for driver 's license photos or there are demands for school lunches to adhere to dietary requirements and those requests are denied , there are strengths in numbers . It is at this point where Islam is introduced to school children , very slowly and incrementally . There are plenty of stories of public schools teaching Islam , girls being shown how to wear the hijab , and rooms of children on prayer rugs being taught how to pray . The definition of persecution also becomes very broad .
Next comes offensive jihad . As the Muslim population gains numbers in a particular community , they also gain political power . They will run for City Council seats and other elected positions . This is where the “ subjugation ” phase comes in ( Qur'an 9:73 , Shakir ) . It is here where Muslims are commanded by Muhammad to fight non-believers ( Qur'an 9:123 , Shakir ) . They may use instances like the ones stated above like photo ID 's with headscarves and dietary guidelines for school lunches not as examples of discrimination but now are able to demand such things as their political influence grows .
For the final steps of this process , all one has to do is look to current events in Europe . Muslims have moved into neighborhoods and have made it quite clear that non-Muslims , even police are not welcome . The phrase “ no go zones ” has become commonly heard . Muslim European immigrants are insisting on Sharia Law and Sharia Courts in overseeing their enclaves as opposed to the laws of their adopted nations . How soon until they demand Sharia Law be the only law ?
The Left will ramble on about acceptance , tolerance , and getting along . What they do not talk about is this well documented , well organized plan that does not include assimilation but oppression .
If the Left does n't talk about it , then Conservatives should .
Berma , 26 , lies in a white hospital bed in the female burn unit in Erbil . Her body lies in an uncomfortable position — because her legs are not allowed to touch the bed — and her eyes show she 's in a lot of pain . Her husband and four children are nowhere to be found ; only her best friend stays with her the whole time . The friend softly caresses Berman 's head , the only place on Berma 's body that has no burn marks .
The Kurdistan Region of Iraq is relatively safe , its economy is flourishing and it is regarded in the West as a liberal haven in an often conservative region . But since the fall of Saddam Hussein , there has been an alarming trend — more than 1,000 women have died after setting themselves on fire . Berma is one of the young women who probably burned herself , although she will never admit it .
“ One day , the family of my husband came along for a picnic in the village . We ate a snack and drank some tea . It was a nice day . At home , I washed the cups and spoons in the kitchen . All of a sudden I got really cold , '' she whispers . “ So that 's why I turned on the heating stove . When I put the kerosene in the stove , I forgot to cut off the electricity . The thing exploded and I caught fire . It was an accident . ''
In Iraqi Kurdistan , and Kurdish parts of Turkey , self-burning is known as the usual method of suicide attempt by Kurdish women . Often , it is a way out of abusive situations , like domestic violence or social injustice . Therefore , in Iraqi Kurdistan it is classified as violence committed against women .
When she is being asked if she is happy with her husband , Berma pauses for a brief second . “ I was 16 when I married him . No , it was not a forced marriage . He was a friend of my cousin . '' She avoids the eyes of her friend .
Rosh , a male nurse in the female burn department , says the story about the stove is probably false . Lack of electricity means that every house has a plentiful supply of oil and while some cases may be accidents , the nature and scale of the injuries suggest that most major burn cases are deliberate . “ It almost looks like a code : When a woman mentions the stove , we all know that it was self-inflicted . We can not do anything about it , unfortunately . ''
Rosh points out that if the suicide does n't succeed , the woman is likely to be punished by her family if they find out it was a suicide attempt . Going to the police is also generally not an option , as most of the women have had bad experiences with asking for help . That 's why the women hardly ever admit that the burns are self-inflicted .
Although the Kurdistan Regional Government has passed laws and tried to improve the rights of women for years , these cases still continue in large numbers because there is nothing to provide for the laws ' implementation . Nongovernmental organizations , for example , have asked the government for special departments and courts where domestic issues can be resolved .
Rosh says , “ Sometimes it 's a cry for attention , because they do n't know what to do to change their bad situation . Mostly poor , young and uneducated women are affected by this . ''
He takes care of the burned women every day , sometimes for months , but even during this intensive treatment they refuse to tell him what really happened . “ When they are brought to the emergency room , most of them are already dead . Others are close to dead and suffer from extreme pain ; 65 % die before we can even help them . ''
Nearly 3,000 cases of violence — including murder , suicide , self-immolation , beatings and sexual harassment — were recorded in Iraqi Kurdistan in 2012 , the government reported , but women 's activists say the numbers are severely under-reported .
Burn injuries remain a major concern for health authorities in this region , where published data on the nature and size of the problem are scarce . But in 2011 , around 150 women set themselves on fire in the Kurdish region , a hospital representative says .
In another room lies Mediya , 39 . Her body is completely wrapped in white bandages . She does n't have much family left , because most of them died during the Iran-Iraq war in the 1980s and the Iraq war in 2003 . Her younger cousin provides food and drinks for her , just as Berma 's friend does .
`` My nylon dress caught fire because of the uncontrollable heating stove . It all went so fast , I ca n't really remember it . The neighbor heard me screaming and ran upstairs to put me in the shower , '' she adds .
Mediya 's husband died during the last war , and after that she had to flee to another country . She is originally from Iran , but says she can not be herself over there , and that 's why she 's always traveling back and forth . Like many other Kurdish women , she also denies that the burning incident was self-inflicted .
Silently she weeps . The tears are sliding down her cheeks , down to her neck , toward the bandages on her chest . Her cousin gives her a paper towel . “ I did n't pay enough attention . It was a mistake , '' Mediya continues .
In the police department of the hospital , the officer shows a few documents about burning cases that happened during the last couple of months . The files are all closed . Without the actual testimony of a victim , police officers are not allowed to start an investigation .
`` These victims did not suspect that they would survive the suicide attempt . Now , they are really desperate and unhappy because they are still alive . Most likely they will try it again , '' the officer says , and points out a timetable showing the daily temperatures during the latest burn cases . When Berma and Mediya caught fire “ because of the heating stove , '' it was between 28 and 32 degrees Celcius ( 92.4 to 89.6 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
“ Hot spring days , '' he concludes .
Brenda Stoter is a Dutch journalist who writes about Egypt and Syria and about Kurds in Iraq and Turkey . Her articles have been published by Al-Jazeera , as well as being featured in Dutch national newspapers and magazines such as Algemeen Dagblad , NRC Next , Het Parool and Elsevier . On Twitter : @ BrendaStoter
Get the biggest business stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester has retained its title as the best UK city to live in beating London once again .
The Global Liveability Survey was compiled by the Economist Intelligence Unit and scores 140 cities worldwide out of 100 in the areas of health care , education , stability , culture and environment and infrastructure .
Manchester scored 88.8 out of a 100 and has climbed three places to rank at 43 thanks to liveability declines elsewhere .
Meanwhile , London , which scored 87.2 , saw an unchanged ranking of 53rd – ten places lower than Manchester .
The capital 's lower score reflects the capital suffering from a higher perceived threat from terrorism and petty crime , even though it has more cultural attractions and a more robust infrastructure , compared to Manchester .
Tourism bosses said they were n't surprised given Manchester 's transport infrastructure , cultural offering , and property boom .
( Image : Matt Ratcliffe )
Sheona Southern , Managing Director of Marketing Manchester said : “ It 's very exciting to see that Manchester has once again been rated as the most liveable city in the UK and one of the top 50 globally . Results like this shows that the city 's ongoing growth is of global significance .
“ Of course thanks to our comprehensive transport infrastructure , fantastic cultural offering , and ongoing property boom it 's really no surprise that Manchester keeps proving to be a major destination on the world stage .
“ We 're seeing this reflected not only in terms of liveability , but also from the growing numbers of people wanting to visit the city . The strength of the city 's tourism offer is being increasingly recognised across the world , most recently by Lonely Planet naming Manchester in its Best in Travel 2016 .
“ Looking to the future , the next objective for Manchester is to meet growing demand by increasing the availability of living spaces . This is where upcoming developments like St. Michael 's , St. John 's and Circle Square will form such a critical part of the next step in the city 's progress . ”
Sir Richard Leese , leader of Manchester council , said : “ Manchester has seen huge growth in the last decade , which can only mean that the city has been somewhere people want to live , work and visit for some years .
`` Our ambition is to be in the top flight of international cities world-wide and our reputation as a cultural destination , as well as somewhere to invest in and work , has raised our profile as a global destination .
“ Manchester is known to be a safe and friendly place for tourists and locals , with a huge amount to do and see , two of the world 's top football teams , along with top flight universities and ever growing employment opportunities . When you put all this together it 's easy to see why Manchester is somewhere people want to live . ”
Meanwhile , further terrorist attacks over the last 12 months have continued to undermine liveability in continental Europe .
Incidents in France and Belgium have contributed to a decrease in the scores for ten of the region 's cities .
As well as Brussels and Paris heightened risk of attack has led to lower ratings for Zurich and Geneva , as well as Luxembourg , Oslo , Rome and Lisbon . Berlin and Frankfurt have also seen similar declines having suffered from protests and unrest in the past year .
( Image : Manchester Arena Facebook )
Elsewhere in the world Melbourne continues to be ranked as the world 's most liveable city but Vienna has maintained its position in second place . Unrest and high profile mass shootings have led to declines in the scores of five cities in the US .
Even Australia , home to many of the world 's most liveable cities , has not been immune .
A hostage-taking incident in Sydney in 2014 has raised concerns and vigilance over the threat of terror there , pushing the Australian city out of the top ten . Heightened tensions in the South China Sea have also lowered liveability scores for Chinese cities .
Only six cities have managed to buck the trend with improving liveability , although of these only Tehran has seen a noteworthy change . The Iranian capital has benefitted from the thawing of international relations , moving four places up the ranking and out of the very bottom tier of liveability .
The 10 most liveable cities :
Melbourne , Australia
Vienna , Austria
Vancouver , Canada
Toronto , Canada
Calgary , Canada
Adelaide , Australia
Perth , Australia
Auckland , New Zealand
Helsinki , Finland
Hamburg , Germany
The 10 least liveable cities :
Kiev , Ukraine
Douala , Cameroon
Harare , Zimbabwe
Karachi , Pakistan
Algiers , Algeria
Port Moresby , PNG
Dhaka , Bangladesh
Lagos , Nigeria
Tripoli , Libya
Damascus , Syria
I was never that bothered about achievements on the Xbox 360 . Now though , since the Xbox One was released in fact , I have become far more addicted to achievement hunting than ever before , so much so that since the start of 2015 my Gamerscore has doubled . I plan to continue that trend by hitting 100,000gs in 2016 .
Therefore , with 2015 over and with many games released during the year , I felt as though I would provide a quick top five list of easy game completions on the Xbox One . Bear in mind I have also based this on how enjoyable these are to play , so even if you are not an achievement hunter , these are actually very fun games and will take you no more than a few of hours to complete each . Also please bear in mind that the days of bashing the A button for a few seconds in order to unlock 1000G are long gone !
So , in no particular order :
5 ) Pneuma Breath of Life – Read our review
This charming , first person puzzle game , from Deco Digital and Bevel Studios , has a unique style that utilises the Unreal 4 engine to provide a graphically impressive , Ancient Roman style world . The voice work for your character is good , taking inspiration from the Bible and philosophical theories ( cogito ergo sum and all that ) to try and understand who he is and what he is doing in the world . The puzzles are mostly straightforward but varied and interesting , with some of the harder ones making you pause for thought before you finally solve them . As for the achievements , they are mostly very undemanding and all but one requires you to complete each level and subsequently the entire game . I would however highly recommend using a guide to complete the final achievement , Soul – complete the soul puzzle , as without it , I for one would have had no clue what to do .
4 ) Brothers : A Tale of Two Sons – Read our review
One of my favourite games was ported to the Xbox One in June . Brothers is unique as it puts you in control of two characters with the player needing to use both analog sticks to control them at the same time . The game takes you on an adventure through a beautiful , mystical Scandinavian style land forcing you to solve some relatively simple but diverse puzzles as you go , with the end goal being to find the cure for your dying father . The achievement list is extremely easy , although if you are playing solely for achievements , it is possibly a good idea to utilise a guide just so you do n't walk past a miss-able one by accident . As I mentioned before , even if you have no interest in gamerscore , the story of this game and the world that Starbreeze Studios has created is so good that it is worth playing anyway !
3 ) Forza Horizon 2 Presents Fast and Furious – Read our review
Put simply this game feels and plays great , despite it basically being a promotion for the latest F & F film . Driving controls are responsive , the cars look fantastic and sound even better , so if you 're a fan of Forza you may as well play this too . The achievement list is crazy easy , all you need to do is complete the car showcase ( which essentially means you just need to complete the game ) and then perform a number of different ‘ skill ' challenges – most of which can be completed within the first 30 minutes of play time . The only thing that may cause a slight issue is that of banking a skill chain , but with a little practice , really is n't that difficult at all .
2 ) The Swapper – Read our review
An older game from 2013 that has recently been ported to the Xbox One , The Swapper is a sidescrolling , puzzle game that allows the player to clone himself a maximum of three times , before using these clones to complete increasingly complex challenges . I have to admit , on a couple of the hardest puzzles I gave up and checked out a walkthrough because I could not figure out how to do it but the vast majority are simple enough to finish . That being said the game offers a memorable world on a desolate space station with a surprisingly compelling storyline which will hold your interest as you progress through each section of the map . To 100 % this game all you need to do is find ten collectibles but I strongly recommend using a guide as some are in ridiculously hard to find locations . With a guide you will have no problems whatsoever .
1 ) Whispering Willows – Read our review
A creepy , sidescrolling indie game , Whispering Willows has you control young Elena Elkhorn , a girl who has the ability to interact with the spirit world , as you help her in the quest to find her lost father . The story is very good and is complimented by the spooky environment , excellent visuals and brilliant sound design . As far as the achievements go , although they are extremely easy and straightforward , there are a few missable ones so I highly recommend using a walkthrough to help you out – just make sure to not spoil the puzzles for yourself !
If you have never played these games before , I guarantee that by playing through each one , you will get an extremely easy and enjoyable 5000 gamerscore . Obviously , there are few games nowadays which provide gamerscore for nothing so if you do find yourself stuck on any of them , have a quick search around the web for a guide or two . Failing that , hit us up in the comments below and we 'll help out where we can .
In the next article I will be looking at 2015 's hardest/longest Xbox One game completions , but until then enjoy these games and happy hunting !
Good luck .
MEXICO CITY — Firefighting crews extinguished a fire aboard a fuel tanker belonging to the Mexican state oil company , Pemex , late Sunday afternoon , about 30 hours after an explosion sent flames billowing into the air off the Gulf Coast port of Veracruz .
Pemex said all 31 crew members aboard the tanker , the Burgos , were safely evacuated .
The tanker was carrying 80,000 barrels of diesel fuel and 70,000 barrels of gasoline , but officials said the boat 's double hull reduced the risk of a spill .
“ Up to now , we have not detected any extensive spill , ” José Antonio González Anaya , Pemex 's chief executive , said at a news conference in Veracruz that was broadcast by radio on Sunday , shortly before the fire was contained .
It was too early to determine the cause of the explosion , he said .
The 558-foot Burgos was carrying the fuel from the port of Coatzacoalcos to Veracruz and was 6.7 nautical miles offshore when the explosion occurred at 11:30 a.m. on Saturday , Mexico 's communications ministry said .
For the long view on the 2008 Arctic sea ice melt , see today 's commentary on Nature Reports Climate Change by two National Snow and Ice Data Center researchers . Mark Serreze and Julienne Stroeve recap the results :
The seasonal minimum for 2008 , occurring on 14 September , entered the books as the second-lowest of the satellite era , probably the second-lowest of at least a century , and just behind the standing record set in 2007 .
Barely second-lowest still came as a shock , given the cooler weather this year . Said Stroeve in an NISDC press release , “ I find it incredible that we came so close to beating the 2007 record — without the especially warm and clear conditions we saw last summer . I hate to think what 2008 might have looked like if weather patterns had set up in a more extreme way . ”
August 2008 saw the fastest melt ever recorded , according to NASA . And ice volume , a bellwether for the future , probably was at its lowest this year – an observation that has n't reached the broadsheets ( but see Climate Progress and Stoat ) .
NSIDC scientist Walt Meier explains , “ Warm ocean waters helped contribute to ice losses this year , pushing the already thin ice pack over the edge . In fact , preliminary data indicates that 2008 probably represents the lowest volume of Arctic sea ice on record , partly because less multiyear ice is surviving now , and the remaining ice is so thin . ”
Yes , unlike you or me , Arctic sea ice is getting younger and thinner as the years pass . Old , thick ice that has survived through multiple summers – which two decades ago grew fast enough to roughly match the loss of Arctic ice into the North Atlantic – is giving way to flimsy young stuff that readily melts into open water during the warm months . The endpoint of this trajectory would be all-new ice in winter and no ice in summer . Serreze and Stroeve :
With sharply rising atmospheric greenhouse gas concentrations , the change to a seasonally ice-free Arctic Ocean seems inevitable . The only question is how fast we get there . The emerging view is that if we 're still waiting for the rapid slide towards this ice-free state , we wo n't be waiting much longer .
Looking back at recent changes , the authors talk triggers . Models suggest that thinning Arctic sea ice is “ vulnerable to a ‘ kick ' from natural variability that sets the feedback process into high gear , ” they note , resulting in “ abrupt transition ” to ice-free summers . The warmth of 2007 , caused by an unusual atmospheric circulation pattern , is one of the candidates for a recent kick – and though this year brought a slight recovery of ice extent , signs point to more losses coming up .
Anna Barnett
Image : Sea ice on 14 September 2008 , the date of the minimum . Courtesy of National Snow and Ice Data Center .
A dead drop or dead letter box is a method of espionage tradecraft used to pass items or information between two individuals ( e.g. , a case officer and an agent , or two agents ) using a secret location , thus not requiring them to meet directly and thereby maintaining operational security . The method stands in contrast to the live drop , so-called because two persons meet to exchange items or information .
Spies ( covert intelligence agents ) and their handlers have been known to perform dead drops using various techniques to hide items ( such as money , secrets or instructions ) , and to signal that the drop has been made . Although the signal and location by necessity must be agreed upon in advance , the signal may or may not be located close to the dead drop itself , and the operatives may not necessarily know one another or ever meet .
The location and nature of the dead drop must enable retrieval of the hidden item without the operatives being spotted by a member of the public , the police , or other security forces—therefore , common everyday items and behavior are used to avoid arousing suspicion . Any hidden location could serve , although often a cut-out device is used , such as a loose brick in a wall , a ( cut-out ) library book , or a hole in a tree .
Dead drop spike
A dead drop spike is a concealment device similar to a microcache . It has been used since the late 1960s to hide money , maps , documents , microfilm , and other items . The spike is water- and mildew-proof and can be pushed into the ground or placed in a shallow stream to be retrieved at a later time .
Signaling devices can include a chalk mark on a wall , a piece of chewing-gum on a lamppost , or a newspaper left on a park bench . Alternatively , the signal can be made from inside the agent 's own home , by , for example , hanging a distinctively-colored towel from a balcony , or placing a potted plant on a window sill where it is visible to anyone on the street . Convicted CIA mole and Soviet spy Aldrich Ames left chalk marks on a mailbox in Washington , D.C. to signal his Soviet handlers that he had made a dead drop . [ 1 ] [ citation needed ]
This news release is available in Spanish .
Legal restriction of abortion has a negative connotation since the idea of women resorting to illegal abortion -risking their own lives- is strongly rooted in the public opinion worldwide . However , a series of independently peer-reviewed articles , challenge this notion in some countries . The latest data in this subject have been discussed by the Chilean epidemiologist Elard Koch , Director of Research of the MELISA Institute , in the current issue of the official journal of the Chilean Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology . The research shows that not only abortion-related mortality continued its decreasing trend in Chile after its prohibition by law in 1989 , but also hospital discharges due to abortion have significantly decreased during the last decade .
According to more recent evidence from official data , Chile displays a continuous decreasing trend of hospital discharges due to complications of abortions suspected to be illegally induced -represented by specific codes of the World Health Organisation classification- at a rate of 2 % per year since 2001 . In contrast , a decreasing trend was not observed in hospital discharges due to other types of abortion , such as spontaneous abortion or ectopic pregnancies , which have remained constant during the same period . The high quality of Chilean vital statistics indicates these findings are unlikely to be the result of an artifact of the registry system . Rather , a decrease in hospital discharges due to complications from illegal abortion appears to explain virtually all the reduction in hospital discharges due to any type of abortion in Chile during the last decade .
The Chilean experience represents a paradox in our times : even under a less permissive abortion legislation , maternal health indicators can be significantly improved by other factors , including a noteworthy reduction in mortality and morbidity associated to abortion .
In addition to a summary of the previously published research conducted at the MELISA Institute , showing that Chile is a paragon of maternal health in the entire American continent , the editorial article presents previously unpublished data of an ongoing study on the vulnerability profile of 3,134 Chilean women with unplanned pregnancies at risk of induced abortion . This research suggests that women at high risk of abortion display a vulnerability profile marked by coercion and fear , which together account for nearly 70 % of the reasons for declaring the intention to terminate the pregnancy . Moreover , data suggest that support programs directed to vulnerable women can prevent most illegal abortions , with an outcome of live birth ( with or without adoption ) ranging between 69 % and 94 % depending on the risk group .
In Chile , it is estimated occur 13,000 to 18,000 illegal abortions each year , representing a death risk of 1 in 4 million women of fertile age and leading to about 16 % of hospital discharges due to any type of abortion . It is thought that most illegal abortions are provoked through the self-administration of misoprostol . However , several authors agree that the Chilean progress in this matter is likely to be explained by the success of maternal health policy interventions , the access to modern methods of family planning , the increase in women 's educational level and , more recently , to the emergence of support programs for vulnerable women with unplanned pregnancies at risk of abortion .
# # #
Koch E ( 2014 ) Epidemiología del aborto y su prevención en Chile [ Epidemiology of abortion and its prevention in Chile ] . Rev Chil Obstet Ginecol 7 ( 5 ) :351-360 . Available here ( in Spanish )
Koch E , Thorp J , Bravo M , Gatica S , Romero CX , Aguilera H , Ahlers I ( 2012 ) Women 's education level , maternal health facilities , abortion legislation and maternal deaths : a natural experiment in Chile from 1957 to 2007 . PLoS ONE 7 ( 5 ) : e36613 . DOI:10.1371/journal.pone.0036613 . Available here .
For more information about this subject and to request a certified translation of the article to English or an interview with Dr. Elard Koch , please contact the Division of Public Relations of the MELISA Institute at comunicaciones @ melisainstitute.org or call to +56 41 234 5814
Cole ditches Animals Australia bags opposing factory farming conditions
Updated
The farmers ' lobby has succeeded in ending a supermarket shopping bag campaign against factory animal farming .
Animals Australia has put Coles out of its misery by asking the food giant to end the Make it Possible cross-promotion .
The shopping bags in 500 stores promoted animal welfare and asked consumers to help end factory farming .
Animals Australia 's Make it Possible campaign , which also runs online , urges consumers to buy cage-free eggs , free range chicken and stall-free pork .
The National Farmers ' Federation ( NFF ) met with Coles yesterday to express its disgust and farmers across the country threatened to stop supplying Coles .
Key points Animals Australia ran a promotion with Coles against factory farming conditions by offering branded shopping bags .
National Famers ' Federation chief Matt Linnegar said the campaign sent `` all the wrong messages '' .
Farmers threatened to boycott Coles over the shopping bags .
Animals Australia has withdrawn the shopping bag campaign after discussions with Coles , but will launch TV ads .
NFF chief executive Matt Linnegar had said the campaign sent `` all the wrong messages '' .
`` That same group has targeted animal agriculture in many ways across this country and had a steep and deep effect on many farmers and producers across rural Australia , '' he said .
Mr Linnegar says he is glad the campaign has ended .
Animals Australia says the take-home message for shoppers is that farmers are opposed to an initiative that aims to improve the lives of animals produced for food .
Spokeswoman Lisa Chalk says a television campaign starting next week will replace the bags .
`` This has only just increased our determination to provide those animals with representation . We are n't taking a backward step , we are simply changing direction and changing tack , '' she said .
`` That 's why we are putting together a national television advertising campaign to air this week that will show consumers what the National Farmers Federation has fought so hard to hide and that is what happens to animals in these production systems . ''
Yesterday , Animals Australia director Glenys Ooogjes said the campaign was not anti-farmer but pro-animal welfare .
She said the shopping bag campaign provided the key to ending cruel factory farm practices .
`` In the UK the supermarkets have lead the change . They 've driven change for animals and we really believe that it 's the retailers here in Australia that will do that , '' she said .
`` What 's happened unfortunately is the rural industry leaders here have resisted all change . ''
Topics : livestock-welfare , rural , livestock , australia
First posted
I received a couple questions/comments from readers lately regarding Buffett and some previous comments I made on strategy before and after the Berkshire annual meeting . I always enjoy interacting with readers . The vast majority of my days are spent researching new investment ideas , so I ca n't always respond to everything , but please feel free to email me questions/comments to john @ sabercapitalmgt.com . I read all my emails even if I do n't always have time to respond . When possible , I 'll respond individually , or when I receive numerous emails on the same topic , I 'll do a post .
As for the questions that I wanted to address on Buffett , a few have to do with his evolution from deep value to quality ( an evolution that I think is very misunderstood , which I 'll comment on in the next post ) .
For this post , the question was on how I think about quantitative vs. qualitative analysis and specifically , what do I think about net-nets ?
Here is a discussion that I 'll repost from a comment I made a number of months ago :
I 'm very much interested in the numbers… but I also work hard to try and understand the qualitative aspects of a business . But I generally agree with Buffett when he said the most “ sure ” money is made on the quantitative side , while the real big money is made when both qual and quant line up…
But to answer your question–very generally speaking–my ideal investment is a great operating business that produces consistent free cash flow and high returns on capital that for some reason trades at a low price relative to normal earnings . But those investments are relatively rare . So I 'm always on the lookout for undervalued situations such as hidden or cheap assets or other special situations resulting from some corporate event like restructuring , or spinoffs , etc…
But very simply , I 'm just trying to find large , low-risk gaps between price and value . I try to make everything very simple . I want obvious value…
Net-Nets : Almost Always Poor Long Term Investments
The headline above might aggravate some of my friends . So let me briefly explain : investing in net-nets can be a viable strategy , but net-nets are dubious long term investments on an individual basis . The topic of net-nets reminds me of Winston Churchill 's famous words about Moscow in 1939 that I paraphrased in the title of this post… individually , they are risky and unpredictable .
Ben Graham would agree , most net-nets are inferior businesses that by their very nature lead to inferior long term investment returns . However , the overall strategy of owning a basket of them can work . The key is owning a basket of them and selling them “ on the blips ” –it 's a strategy that I do n't feel comfortable with , for reasons that I 'll elaborate on below .
However , the general strategy seems to continue to work according to all of the tests , and I know investors who have done very well just mechanically buying these things ( net-nets , negative EV stocks , etc… ) . Although I look at net-nets occasionally , I 'm not very excited about them . I would prefer to own businesses that are growing intrinsic value ( my experience is that most net-nets today have shrinking intrinsic values ) . This means that over time , your margin of safety will erode , meaning you need the investment to work out sooner rather than later . As soon as you get in , you 're looking for a way out .
So despite the empirical evidence that the strategy can work and my respect for the investors I know who implement such a strategy , I typically tend to pass on most investments in this area . I have a large amount of discomfort when I know that the fate of my investments depends not only on the price that some other investor is willing to pay me for my assets , but also the timeframe in which he or she must accommodate me . In other words , these backtests tend to work because most of the holding periods are quite short ( usually just 1 year ) .
I have done a lot of research on these tests , and just anecdotally , I 've noticed that many of the holdings in these mock portfolios do in fact jump up in price from time to time , allowing the investor to exit at a profit . But if you look at some of the old portfolios from say 3-5 years back , you 'll find that most of the holdings ( even after some occasional significant rises ) ended up either in bankruptcy or continue to wallow along at low prices .
One example I wrote about was Charlie479 's investment in NVR vs. his investment in WNMLA .
So as long term investments , they often tend to be quite mediocre . This means you have to have more of a trader 's mentality , or a liquidator 's mentality with these types of really cheap cigar butts . You need to get out of them as quickly as you can once you 're involved . That 's just not a relaxing situation to be in , and it just does n't suit my personality .
Net-Nets : A Different Ballgame in Graham 's Day
I think Graham and Schloss had a field day with net-nets in the 30's-50 's because of the opportunities available . The significance of the discounts that were widely available in the shadows of the Depression can not be overstated . Schloss often found companies that were n't necessarily great ( some might even be losing money temporarily ) , but they had “ $ 35 worth of liquid assets with a stock price of $ 15 and a 6 % dividend ” . It 's hard to lose money with a basket filled of situations like that . Most of the net-nets today are burning cash at a rate that will erase the margin of safety you initially get in just a year or two . Some of those will work , but they have much higher risk than I think Schloss would have wanted to take on .
A & P : The Largest Retailer in America
Another example that Graham referenced : In the late 1930 's , a company called A & P was the largest retailer in America , if not the world , and in 1938 it traded so cheaply that it was a net-net . ( Imagine if Walmart had a bad year or two and traded below liquidation value—that 's the kind of environment Graham was working in ) …
In the late 20 's A & P traded close to $ 500 per share . By 1938 , it had sunk as low as $ 36 , thanks to a bad year and general pessimism . To put this price in perspective , A & P had net current assets $ 38 per share , including $ 24 of cash . So basically , the market was pricing A & P at liquidation levels–assigning no value to their business . But the average earnings per share of the previous 5 years ( 1933-1937 ) were about $ 6 per share . So A & P had a P/E based on avg 5 year earnings of about 6 , and it traded below net current assets ( which were largely liquid ) .
These might be some of the more extreme examples , but there were many opportunities to invest in good stable operating businesses that might be experiencing a temporary bad year . These were logical , low risk investment ideas .
The net-nets today ( at least in the US ) are not of this caliber . Some investors are quite adept at finding cheap and safe stocks , and are achieving excellent results . But on balance , I think Graham and Schloss would have not been interested in the vast majority of net-nets and so-called cheap stocks that show up today in these typical screeners and backtests .
If they were investing today , my guess is that they would have looked at and found many undervalued ideas , and as Schloss did in each decade of his career , they would have adapted to the current set of opportunities , but I doubt they 'd be buying most of the net-nets in the US today .
Buffett 's 1989 Shareholder Letter
The above thoughts are much more eloquently and succinctly summarized by Buffett in the '89 letters :
“ If you buy a stock at a sufficiently low price , there will usually be some hiccup in the fortunes of the business that gives you a chance to unload at a decent profit , even though the long-term performance of the business may be terrible . I call this the ‘ cigar butt ' approach to investing . A cigar butt found on the street that has only one puff left in it may not offer much of a smoke , but the ‘ bargain purchase ' will make that puff all profit .
Unless you are a liquidator , that kind of approach to buying businesses is foolish . First , the original ‘ bargain ' price probably will not turn out to be such a steal after all . In a difficult business , no sooner is one problem solved than another surfaces – never is there just one cockroach in the kitchen . Second , any initial advantage you secure will be quickly eroded by the low return that the business earns . For example , if you buy a business for $ 8 million that can be sold or liquidated for $ 10 million and promptly take either course , you can realize a high return . But the investment will disappoint if the business is sold for $ 10 million in ten years and in the interim has annually earned and distributed only a few percent on cost . Time is the friend of the wonderful business , the enemy of the mediocre .
You might think this principle is obvious , but I had to learn it the hard way… ”
To Sum It Up
So those are just some thoughts… remember to keep it simple , look for obvious value… and focus on investing in businesses that you can understand and can reasonably estimate intrinsic value . In the end , it does n't really pay to put yourself into a rigid style box . Just try to identify the value of things and then try to pay a lot less .
I have a few more comments on a similar topic that I 'll post next week on Buffett , and specifically on his famous “ guarantee ” that he could make 50 % per year investing small sums—a result that he in fact achieved for a number of years by using an investment strategy that I think is mostly misunderstood by most investors .
Until next time… . Have a great week !
Some posts related to this topic :
LONDON — Laughter may be contagious for most of us , but a new study finds boys who do n't feel compelled to giggle when their peers do are more likely to later become psychopaths .
Researchers at University College London in the UK recruited 92 boys aged 11 to 16 for a study on how social reactions as an adolescent could predict later behavior . About two-thirds of the participants had been diagnosed with disruptive behaviors or callous and unemotional ( CU ) traits .
It should be noted that CU traits and disruptive behavior have been previously linked to an increased risk of developing psychopathy .
For their experiment , the researchers used fMRI scans to measure the brain activity of participants , all of whom were exposed to sounds of both fake and real laughter , occasionally interspersed with crying .
While listening to these noises , participants were asked to rate on a seven-point scale the degree to which they believed the laughs they heard were genuine , along with the extent to which they were emotionally affected .
Adolescents who demonstrated both risk factors for psychopathy reported less of an urge to laugh in conjunction with others than those who were believed to have one or neither .
This finding was supported by the results of the fMRI scans , which showed reduced brain activity in regions associated with emotional reasoning .
While “ it is not appropriate to label children psychopaths , ” as psychopathy is a personality disorder experienced by adults , the signs can be detected at an early age , according to senior author Essi Viding .
LIKE STUDIES ? CLICK HERE TO FOLLOW STUDYFINDS.ORG ON FACEBOOK !
Future research can explore whether other friendly social cues , such as smiling , words of encouragement , and displays of love , also prompt a lackluster emotion response from those at risk for psychopathy .
Ultimately , these at-risk adolescents may simply experience life differently than the rest of us , Viding suggests .
“ Those social cues that automatically give us pleasure or alert us to someone 's distress do not register in the same way for these children , ” she says in a press release . “ That does not mean that these children are destined to become antisocial or dangerous ; rather , these findings shed new light on why they often make different choices from their peers . ”
“ We are only now beginning to develop an understanding of how the processes underlying prosocial behavior might differ in these children , ” she continues . “ Such understanding is essential if we are to improve current approaches to treatment for affected children and their families who need our help and support . ”
The full study was published last month in the journal Current Biology .
RELATED STUDIES :
Sledgehammer Games is developing a new Call of Duty game , a job listing for the developer has confirmed .
The job ad , which is posted on the studio 's website , reveals that Sledgehammer is looking for a Senior FX Artist to help `` create the most exceptional real-time effects with hyper realism for [ its ] next Call of Duty game '' .
The ad also asks that the candidate has `` solid professional experience and knowledge of the limitations and performance of current generation hardware ( 360 , PS3 ) , '' suggesting that the game may be intended for current-generation consoles .
Sledgehammer Games collaborated with Call of Duty 4 developer Infinity Ward on last year 's Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 .
And it did a good job , too . Martin called Modern Warfare 3 `` a resounding success '' when he took a look at it last year .
Prior to Modern Warfare 3 , Sledgehammer had been developing a third-person Call of Duty spin-off . It 's not known whether this `` next Call of Duty game '' is a return to that project or a brand new first-person shooter .
Last year , Sledgehammer boss Glen Schofield said that he 'd like to make `` at least one more first-person shooter '' , adding that he would `` definitely , 100 % work with Infinity Ward again '' .
Infinity Ward , though , is currently developing an unannounced title for next-generation platforms .
This year 's Call of Duty , Call of Duty : Black Ops II , is in development at Treyarch .
Sean John Clothing , Inc. History
Address : 525 7th Avenue , Suite 1009
New York , New York 10018
U.S.A .
Telephone : ( 212 ) 869-6422
Fax : ( 212 ) 869-4133
Website : www.seanjohn.com Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Bad Boy Worldwide Entertainment Group
Incorporated : 1998
Employees : 75
Sales : $ 450 million ( 2004 )
NAIC : 424320 Men 's and Boys ' Clothing and Furnishings Merchant Wholesalers ; 424330 Women 's , Children 's , and Infants ' Clothing and Accessories Merchant Wholesalers ; 448110 Men 's Clothing Stores ; 448120 Women 's Clothing Stores
Company Perspectives :
We would ultimately like to have Sean John viewed as the Future of Fashion .
Key Dates :
1998 : Sean John Clothing is formed . 1999 : The first line of apparel bearing the Sean John label is introduced . 2001 : The runway show for the Sean John Clothing line is broadcast live on television . 2004 : The company opens its first retail store in New York City .
Company History :
Owned by Sean `` P. Diddy '' Combs 's Bad Boy Entertainment Group , Sean John Clothing , Inc. is a designer and marketer of men 's , boy 's , and women 's apparel . Sean Jean Clothing caters to customers aged between 12 and 45 , selling its apparel through retailers such as Bloomingdale 's , Macy 's , Belk 's , Carson Pirie Scott , Bernini , and Fred Segal . The company also operates its own store in New York City , the first of what is expected to be a chain of company-owned retail outlets .
Origins
Sean John Combs 's eponymous apparel company represented one facet of a business empire that ranked the hip-hop mogul as the wealthiest entertainer under 40 in the United States . Combs 's rise in the business world was exceptionally quick and boundless in scope , beginning with an internship that , a decade later , evolved into annual salary of more than $ 300 million . Sean John Clothing represented a sizeable portion of that fortune . The company was an expression of the personality and vision of its founder , and , as such , the history of Sean John Clothing was one part of the story of Sean John Combs 's remarkable rise in the business world .
Combs was born in Harlem in 1969 , the son of Melvin and Janice Combs . Melvin Combs was killed when Sean was two years old , the victim of a homicide , which prompted Janice Combs to take Sean and his sister Keisha to a safer environment . Janice Combs moved the family to Mt . Vernon , New York , where she worked three jobs to support her two children . Sean Combs attended Mount Vernon Montessori School and Mount Saint Michael Academy , where he earned a nickname that millions of music fans would come to know a decade later . When he was playing football , Combs had a tendency to expand his chest in an effort to intimidate others , a habit that led his teammates to call him `` Puffy . ''
After leaving Mount Saint Michael , Combs enrolled at Howard University in Washington , D.C . He began pursuing a business degree , but an internship at Uptown Records in New York City diverted his attention away from his studies , prompting him to leave Howard University after two years . Combs now focused entirely on making a name for himself at Uptown Records , and in the process he 's quickly becoming a driving force in the city 's hip-hop scene . One year , after starting as an intern at the company , Combs served as Uptown Records ' director of A & R ( Artists and Repertoire ) , a position that made him responsible for scouting , signing , and promoting music talent . At 21 years old , he was charged with ensuring that the debut albums of artists Jodeci and Mary J. Blige were hits . Combs succeeded , lending his vision of urban youth to help create a new niche within the hip-hop genre , making Jodeci and Mary J. Blige the new stars of hip-hop soul .
Combs left Uptown Records in 1993 , ready to start his own business in the music industry . He signed an exclusive agreement with Clive Davis of Arista Records to distribute the recordings of artists signed to his newly formed record label , Bad Boy Entertainment , a business that began in Combs 's home . Starting out , Combs had two artists , Craig Mack and his friend and frequent collaborator Christopher Wallace . Craig Mack 's album was the first recording released by Bad Boy Entertainment and sold more than one million copies . However , the breakthrough moment for Combs 's record label arrived with the introduction of Wallace 's monikers to the record-buying public . Ready to Die marked the debut release by `` Notorious B.I.G. , '' one of the names ( `` Biggie Smalls '' was the other ) used by Wallace . This release sold well over one million copies , earning the `` multi-platinum '' distinction used by the recording industry .
The success of Ready to Die confirmed Combs 's reputation as a skillful producer , arranger , and manager in the recording industry . Soon after , he was inundated with requests from other artists to lend his touch to their work . Mariah Carey turned to Combs for production help , as did TLC , Lil Kim , and Usher , fanning the legitimacy and expansion of Bad Boy Entertainment . Combs 's growing reputation and power gave his company the leverage to negotiate a 1996 joint venture with Arista Records that resulted in a rarely heard of 50-50 split between the two labels . Continuing to rise in professional stature , Combs signed , developed , and produced albums for a string of artists such as Faith Evans , the female trio Total , and the male vocal group 112 , all of which earned the platinum designation . Combs then began a recording career himself , releasing his first single , Cant Nobody Holds Me Down , in January 1997 under the name `` Puff Daddy . '' His next venture involved forming an apparel company that operated under the corporate umbrella of Bad Boy Entertainment Group , the corporate entity that governed all of Combs 's business ventures .
Combs 's ambition found a new release with the creation of Sean John Clothing in 1998 . A significant component of his electric rise in the music industry involved nuances of style and image making , and this naturally led to Combs 's interest in fashion . Combs formed Sean John Clothing to bring his vision of urban streetwear to the mainstream men 's clothing market , hiring an executive from Ralph Lauren , Jeffrey Tweedy , to help him create what Newsweek , in its February 12 , 2001 issue , referred to as a `` hip-hop-meets-Liberace '' apparel label . `` Understand , '' Combs wrote on the Sean Jean Web site , `` that we are not in the clothing business for a quick hit , but we are truly committed to the expansion and growth of the men 's marketplace and will use all of our resources to ensure quality in both design and production of Sean Jean always exceeds your expectations . I did n't want to over use my celebrity , '' he added . `` I just call it Sean Jean , which is my fashion alter ego and real name . ''
Debut in 1999
The Sean John men 's sportswear line debuted in the spring of 1999 . The company 's first shipment of apparel was sold in department and specialty stores across the nation , appearing in retail shops controlled by Bloomingdale 's , Macy 's , Belk 's , Carson Pirie Scott , Bernini , and Fred Segal . The line was an enormous , immediate success , attracting a wealth of customers and earning admiration from the fashion world . In 2000 , Combs was nominated for a Council of Fashion Designers of America Award as menswear designer of the year . The nomination , which was uncommon for a designer after only a year in business , represented the equivalent of an Academy Award nomination , putting Combs within the exclusive circle of elite designers such as Anna Sui , Todd Oldham , and Marc Jacobs . Combs failed to win the coveted award , losing to Marc Jacobs , but the nomination by itself confirmed Sean John Clothing as an apparel label of merit .
Combs earned another nomination for a Council of Fashion Designers of America Award in 2001 , a year that included several momentous events for both the man and the company . Combs spent much of early 2001 sitting a courtroom , standing trial for charges of gun possession and bribery . The charges , stemming from an incident at Club New York in December 1999 , led to a six-week trial that found Combs not guilty of all five counts brought against him . ( Shortly thereafter , Combs held a press conference announcing he was changing his nickname from `` Puff Daddy '' to `` P. Diddy '' ) . The trial did nothing to tarnish Combs 's image among the high-fashion elite or among the legions of customers who flocked to stores to buy his clothing . Sales shot past $ 100 million , quickly becoming the financial driving force within Bad Boy Entertainment Group . Kal Ruttenstein , the influential fashion director at Bloomingdale 's , expressed nothing but praise for Sean John 's line . `` It 's not just kids who are buying it , '' Ruttenstein explained in a February 12 , 2001 interview with Newsweek . `` It 's their dads in the suburbs who do n't know Puffy that are buying because of the quality too . I wear Sean John like crazy , and I 'm no spring chicken . ''
Sean John Clothing succeeded by winning over two distinct realms of the apparel industry . The company 's runway shows were extravagant affairs attended by celebrities and the arbiters of what was high-fashion and what was not . Combs 's skills as a producer , promoter , and showman gave his company a decided edge in this area . In 2001 , for instance , Sean John Clothing made fashion history when it became the first designer to have its runway show broadcast live on television , a two-hour event simulcast by the E ! Style networks . On display at the company 's runway events were showcase apparel items , pieces of clothing such as a $ 5,000 pair of rhinestone-studded jeans that were well beyond the apparel budgets of ordinary consumers . Sean John Clothing did not make its revenue by selling rhinestone-studded jeans or opulent furs , instead , the company 's commercial success came from attracting ordinary consumers . The sale of the company 's simple casual separates , leather jackets , and suit blazers provided the majority of its sales . Combs made his reputation on the runway , earning nominations for Council of Fashion Designers of America Awards for three consecutive years , but his company made its living on the streets .
Sean John Clothing 's unmitigated success as a designer of menswear provided the encouragement to develop a line of apparel for boys and women . Sales increased robustly , approaching $ 400 million by 2003 , when the Sean John brand was sold in more than 2,000 retail locations throughout the country . Combs 's achievements in the music industry during the 1990s , many observers noted , had helped popularize East Coast-style hip-hop , cultivating a mass-market audience for the genre . His success with Sean John Clothing produced a similar effect , bringing urban streetwear to the suburban market , although Combs , in a May 21 , 2003 interview with South Florida Sun-Sentinel , stressed , `` I think the mainstream is coming to what we are doing at Sean John rather than the other way around . ''
Sean John Clothing Moves into Retail in 2004
In 2003 , Combs directed Sean John Clothing 's progression to the next step in the apparel business . He began working on plans for the company 's own retail store , a flagship unit located on Fifth Avenue in New York City . Construction of the store was underway before the end of 2003 , leading to its grand opening in June 2004 . The Manhattan location was expected to be the first of a chain of Sean John Clothing stores , as Combs revealed plans to open ten stores in selected markets throughout the country by the end of 2005 . At roughly the same time the flagship store opened , Combs entered into a joint venture agreement with a young designer named Zac Posen , making an undisclosed investment in Posen 's three-year-old company , Outspoke LLC . `` I see Zac as someone who shares the same drive and vision that I have , '' Combs said in an April 21 , 2004 interview with WWD . `` I also saw an opportunity for Sean John to make an impact with Zac Posen by giving him the tools and resources that he needed for his business to grow and mature . ''
As Sean John Clothing prepared to launch its assault on the retail front , the company 's prospects were bright . During its first five years in business , the apparel designer demonstrated a consistent ability to succeed both on the runway and at the cash register . Although mistakes , particularly in the capricious world of fashion , were inevitable , the company possessed the financial strength of its founder and chief executive officer to support its future development as a retailer and designer . In 2004 , Fortune magazine named Combs the wealthiest U.S. entertainer under the age of 40 , estimating his income for the year at $ 315 million . Sean John Clothing represented a substantial percentage of that income , making its success critical to the success of Combs .
Principal Subsidiaries : Sean John Marketing .
Principal Competitors : Karl Kani Infinity Inc. ; Phay Fashions LLC ; Rocawear , Inc .
Further Reading :
Bustard , Dan , `` P. Diddy Clothing Makers Visit Vermont for Protest with Congressman , '' Eagle Times , November 13 , 2003 , p. A3 .
`` Combs Says He Will Look into Sweatshop Accusation , '' St. Petersburg Times , October 29 , 2003 , p. 2B .
Davis , Alisha , `` Puffy 's fur Is Flying , '' Newsweek , February 12 , 2001 , p. 32 .
Doyle , Tim , `` Diddy Bo . 1 on Rich List , '' Mirror , September 10 , 2004 , p. 17 .
English , Simon , `` P. Diddy Wraps Ups Clothes Divestment , '' Daily Telegraph , September 17 , 2003 , p. C3 .
`` Ex-Employee Raps Work Conditions , '' Houston Chronicle , October 29 , 2003 , p. 3 .
Hagwood , Rod Stafford , `` Sean John Clothing Line Making Some Noise , '' South Florida Sun-Sentinel , May 21 , 2003 , p. B2 .
Malone , Scott , `` Kernaghan , Worker Detail Diddy Claims , '' WWD , October 29 , 2003 , p. 12 .
Morris , Valerie , `` P. Diddy 's Sean John Clothing Empire Forms Joint Venture with Designer Zac Posen , '' America 's Intelligence Wire , April 22 , 2004 , p. 13 .
Porter , Charlie , `` Hip Shop Baby Phat , '' Guardian , September 15 , 2003 , p. 11 .
Raftery , Brian M. , `` Hit and Runway , '' Entertainment Weekly , February 23 , 2001 , p. 12 .
`` Sean John Seeks New Shop Sites , '' New York Post , April 29 , 2004 , p. 40 .
Wilson , Eric , `` Combs Hopes to Score Hit with Posen , '' WWD , April 21 , 2004 , p. 3 .
Wynn , Kelli , `` Fired Hondurans Describe Sweatshop , '' Dayton Daily News , November 4 , 2003 , p. B3 .
Source : International Directory of Company Histories , Vol . 70 . St. James Press , 2005 .
The radical self-styled Muslim Sheik Man Haron Monis behind the siege that saw 17 people held hostage in the Lindt cafe on Martin Place was a `` damaged-goods individual '' who could have lashed out because he felt he had `` nothing to lose '' , his former lawyer says .
Monis , who was killed during the final minutes of the siege in Sydney 's CBD , was no stranger to police ; with a long rap sheet including allegations of sexual abuse and organising the murder of his ex-wife .
Monis was born Manteghi Bourjerdi and fled from Iran to Australia in 1996 where he changed his name to Man Haron Monis and assumed the title of Sheik Haron .
Lawyer Manny Conditsis , who represented Monis when he was charged last year with being accessory to the murder of ex-wife Noleen Hayson Pal , described the self-declared sheik as a `` damaged-goods individual '' .
Sheik Man Haron Monis . ( AAP ) ( AAP )
Sheik Man Haron Monis . ( AAP ) ( AAP )
`` His ideology is just so strong and so powerful that it clouds his vision for common sense and objectiveness , '' he told the ABC . `` Knowing he was on bail for very serious offences , knowing that while he was in custody some terrible things happened to him , I thought he may consider that he 's got nothing to lose . ''
`` Hence participating in something as desperate and outrageous as this . ''
The self-styled sheik was shunned by Australia 's Muslim community who disputed his claims of being a Sheik , according to community leader Dr Jamal Rifi
He had gained media attention in the past for a `` hate mail '' campaign , protesting the presence of Australian troops in Afghanistan by sending abusive letters to the loved ones of dead Australian servicemen .
Late last year he was charged with being an accessory to the murder of his ex-wife and mother of two .
More recently he was charged with a raft of offences in relation to indecent and sexual assault while operating as a self-proclaimed `` spiritual healer '' in Sydney 's west more than a decade ago .
Mr Conditsis said Monis claimed to have been abused while in prison `` involving matters of excrement over himself and his cell '' .
Sheik Man Haron Monis . ( AAP ) ( AAP )
He added that he did not believe Monis was a member of any organised terrorist group .
`` This is a one-off random individual , '' he said . `` It 's not a concerted terrorism event or act . ''
`` It 's a damaged-goods individual who 's done something outrageous . ''
The High Court had recently rejected Monis ' latest appeal in relation to letters he had sent to the families of Australian servicemen .
The family of Brett Till , an Australian solder killed by a roadside bomb in 2009 , was one of the families who received a letter from Monis and his partner Amirah Droudis .
`` We sat in our homes , reading these letters ... This man accusing my husband of being a child killer , '' widow Bree Till said at the time .
9NEWS was given police clearance to release Monis ' name .
In November 2009 Monis appeared in court claiming to be a peace activist but later chained himself to the courthouse in protest of charges laid against him .
Monis escaped jail time but was sentenced to 300 hours of community service and placed on a two-year good behaviour bond in September 2013 .
He again received attention from police in November last year when he allegedly organised the murder of his ex-wife and mother-of-two Noleen Hayson Pal .
Ms Pal had been stabbed and her body set alight in a Werrington apartment block , allegedly by Ms Droudis .
Monis was charged with being an accessory before and after the fact to the murder while Ms Droudis was charged with murder . The couple won bail in Penrith Local Court after a magistrate noted the prosecution case was weak , News Corp reports .
In April this year he was charged with sexually assaulting seven women while working as a spiritual healer in Wentworthville , where he claimed to be an expert in `` astrology , numerology , meditation and black magic '' .
In October Monis , who most recently had been living at Bexley North in Sydney 's south , was charged with an extra 40 sexual offences relating to his work as a spiritual healer .
He was on bail at the time of the siege and due to appear in court over indecent and sexual assault charges in February 2015 .
Earlier this month Monis announced via his website he used to be a Rafidi , one who rejects legitimate Islamic authority and leadership , but `` now I am a Muslim '' .
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
In a debate on the contamination of eggs with the insecticide Fipronil , many MEPs criticised national authorities for delays in notifying the EU 's Rapid alert system for food and feed ( RASFF ) and called for the information-sharing system to be improved . Some even suggested fines for member states which fail to share crucial food safety information , while others called for truly dissuasive sanctions for fraudulent producers or suppliers of pest-control products .
The full debate is available now via VOD .
Quick Facts
Fipronil , an insecticide used inter alia to kill fleas and mites , is classified by the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) as moderately hazardous . Its use in the EU is prohibited for all food-producing animals .
The illegal use of Fipronil on poultry farms was first reported to the European Commission through the EU 's Rapid alert system for food and feed ( RASFF ) on 20 July . Most of these farms were located in the Netherlands and Belgium .
So far , 22 EU member states have been affected by the scandal . Millions of chicken eggs have already been withdrawn from the EU market and all farms where products containing Fipronil could have been used have been blocked from placing their potentially tainted products on the market .
According to the Commission 's data , the usable production of eggs in the EU reached around 7 million tons in 2013 . EU citizens consumed in the same year on average 12 kg of eggs .
London riots , 2011 .
After the riots in Tottenham spread to other parts of London , and later , other parts of the U.K. , police condemned the wave of “ copycat criminal activity , ” according to the BBC . A term for someone who imitates another person , the word copycat has been applied to attacks , crimes , suicides , and , not least of all , uninventive kids at the playground . But where does the term copycat come from ?
Nineteenth-century Maine . Constance Cary Harrison 's 1887 quasi-memoir Bar Harbor Days contains the first written evidence of the term copycat—that we know of , anyway . “ Our boys say you are a copy cat , if you write in anything that 's been already printed. ” Another early example comes from a different Maine-born writer , Sarah Orne Jewett , in her 1890 novel Betty Leicester : A Story for Girls . “ I would n't be such a copy-cat , ” Lizzie French tells Betty , upon hearing that Betty wants to start a second all-girls club . Jewett used it again in her 1896 novel Country of Pointed Firs , about an elderly landlady in small-town coastal Maine who tells her friend Mrs. Fosdick , “ In these days , the young folk is all copy-cats , ‘ fraid to death they wo n't be all just alike. ” Mrs. Fosdick 's response suggests that the term had been part of the spoken vernacular for some time : “ I ai n't heard of a copy-cat this great many years , ” said Mrs. Fosdick , laughing ; ” ‘ twas a favorite term o ' my grandmother 's . ”
Unlike monkeys and parrots , cats are n't actually known for imitative behavior , but the term is somewhat logical since “ cat ” has been an insult since the medieval period . Cats were associated with all sorts of evil and mischief . In an early-13th-century monastic guidebook for female monks called Ancrene Riwle , for instance , the anonymous author warns ascetics against becoming “ cats of hell. ” ( The term “ hell-cat , ” by the way , began to crop up around 1603 , according to the Oxford English Dictionary . ) More famously , Shakespeare used “ cat ” in a similarly negative sense in All 's Well That End 's Well ; Count Bertram tells his right-hand man that Captain Dumain seems increasingly sleazy : “ A pox upon him for me , he 's more and more a Cat. ” Judging from this etymological history , a “ copycat ” is n't someone who copies , like a cat , but a jerk prone to imitation .
The word copycat was likely first applied to criminal activity in the early 1960s . In the well-known 1961 article “ Case of the Copycat Criminal , ” David Dressler explains that “ when crime comes in waves , simple imitation plays a large part in the phenomenon. ” Another article from 1961 , this time in the Daily Telegraph , called the brutal slaying of a homosexual named George Stobbs a “ copycat murder. ” ( A year earlier , another gay man had been killed in a similar attack . ) But the term “ copycat crime ” did n't really gain currency until the early 1980s . In 1982 , someone , or perhaps a number of people , replaced Tylenol powder with cyanide , killing seven . A few months later , poisonous substances were found in pharmaceuticals and food products , leading police to blame “ copycats ” influenced by the Tylenol Murders .
Got a question about today 's news ? Ask the Explainer .
Square Enix has just announced that the first DLC of Nier Automata , entitled 3C3C1D119440927 , will be available in Europe and North America on the same day of its launch in Japan , that is from the next month of May 2 . For the occasion , the company has released two new videos on the subject .
During today , Platinum Games and Square Enix have revealed the official release date of the next add-on package for Nier : Automata entitled as “ 3C3C1D119440927 ” .
3C3C1D119440927 DLC will arrive in the West on May 2 , PlayStation 4 and PC , and it will include new areas of the coliseum , unpublished secondary missions , special battles – like the one against the CEO of Platinum Games – and a new level of difficulty .
Upon completion of the new quests introduced by the DLC you will unlock the following contents :
1 . Costumes from the previous Japanese release , NieR : Replicant , for androids 2B , 9S and A2
….a . “ Revealing Outfit ” ( in the style of Kaine ) for 2B
….b . “ Young Man 's Outfit ” ( in the style of young Nier ) for 9S
….c . “ Destroyer Outfit ” ( in the style of young adult Nier ) for A2
2 . Records that add special music tracks to the players ' jukebox .
3 . New equipment and cosmetic accessories such as hairspray that allows you to change the color of 2B and A2 's hair .
4 . Masks with unique “ on equip ” effects .
5 . Special bullets that change the appearance of enemy bullets .
In the first video you can find a gameplay video posted by Square Enix UK in which some of the innovations in the DLC are shown , such as new costumes and battles in the Colosseum .
In the bottom of the article , we have published a second video in which the protagonist faces a Boss Fight against the CEO of Square Enix , Yosuke Matsuda , and Platinum Games , Kenichi Sato .
A Clock That Knits
July 28th , 2010 Pin It
22 users recommend
'365 ' - knitting clock Design Bloom '365 ' - knitting clock Design Bloom '365 ' - knitting clock , and one completed scarf at right Design Bloom
Time seems to change every day . Some days feel as though they could n't contain enough minutes even if doubled , while others seem to drag on , torturing you with every tick of the clock .
Despite our perceptions changing day to day , time itself does not . According to German artist Siren Elise Wilhelsen , it 's the one constant that connects everyone .
Above you can see `` 365 '' , Wilhelsen 's knitting clock , which represents this concept to her in a very tactile way . From Design Bloom :
`` '365 ' seeks to give a physical manifestation to the change of time . drawing from the change that is witnessed through the growth of human bodies and hair , the same concept is found in '365 ' which translates time through the growth of knitted material . the clock houses a circular knitting machine with 48 needles , a thread spool , a thread holder and roll of yarn . moving in clockwise direction , one day leads to a complete round , while a year gives users 2 meters of a complete scarf . ''
Trapt continue their campaign of hearts and minds , this time after apparently refusing to let local opener Too Far Lost sell their merch at a show they played together at the Stanhope House in New Jersey yesterday . Dangerkids vocalist Andy Bane called the band out on the act , sharing the following words and below footage :
“ You make a post about bullying and then an hour later tell one of your openings bands ( who were required to sell tickets to your shitty show ) that they ca n't sell their merch ? Call them fat and worthless and “ you 're in a local band you do n't matter ” ? Sorry Headstrong has n't been relevant in over 10 years . Maybe you should hang it up ”
Trapt being Trapt , a war of words emerged over social media , here are some of the exchanges :
Trapt :
“ Andy Bane , worry about your own band and your own career and maybe writing a song that people like . Our one Top 40 hit , that was the biggest alternative song of last decade is one of our 12 songs that crossed at least the top 20 in rock , so I guess you can only have a hit if it on pop stations in your opinion . Douchebag… . ”
Trapt :
“ Oh and Andy Bane , headstrong makes more money yearly than you 've made in your whole life . You 're so dangerous… . No one said they ca n't sell merch . That band wanted 3 fucking tables and we wanted our main support to have at least 1 table . That girl in the video bitched and said then we will take our stuff and leave and we said go ahead and then that local band said if they did n't go out and sell tickets than no one would be at the show , all 20 tickets they sold . The second local was waaaayyy better and did a much better job promoting the show and selling the tix… We rely on hardworking local bands to promote TRAPT when we come to town . Fuck you ! ! ! See you out there sometime ! ”
Andy Bane :
“ Yeah I 'll see you guys out there . Make sure to come say hi ! And the statistics are great . I hope to one day write a poorly written song that people somehow gravitate towards and cling to it dearly for the rest of my life . Heard the show was packed ! ! ! ! ”
Trapt :
Oh , yeah… Somehow ? You hate us cause you anus , lol ! A few hundred people in the middle of New Jersey on Sunday night is just fine . So glad we do n't have to give all of our money away to a label and a manager like you… Douchebag… .
Trapt in response to a fan on the thread :
“ it 's just dudes being dudes , our country is so fucking soft now… All these liberals running around crying about gun control and sensitivity. ” “ I feel you Sara , if anyone comes to this country to get us back for what our corporations do to other countries , most dudes in this country will cower and try and move to Canada . Only problem is when China starts para trooping their billion poor people into middle america AND Canada , they will have no choice but to fight . Survival of the fittest ”
There 's more on that to be found in the replies of the Facebook post below :
Good news , everyone ! Microsoft has decided that the time has come to make sure that all users of Internet Explorer are using the most current version possible . To accomplish that goal , they 're turning on automatic updates .
Yes , Internet Explorer patches and new major versions are already available via Windows Update . But to move from one version to the next , it 's never been a fully automatic process . There 's a separate installation window that appears for installing , say , Internet Explorer 9 . For many users , the additional steps required were often enough to prevent them from installing a new version .
And so from now on , Internet Explorer will quietly update itself just as Windows does . Starting in January , users in Australia and Brazil will be the beginning receiving automatic IE updates . Microsoft will then gradually extend coverage to other parts of the world as time goes on .
Ryan Gavin , Microsoft 's senior director for Internet Explorer , pointed out several benefits . The overall security of the Windows user community will be improved as outdated browsers are replaced , developers can focus their attention on building sites using modern web code , and those who surf with IE will be able to enjoy the full Beauty of the Web .
But Microsoft has n't forgotten about its enterprise customers — there wo n't be an admin uproar like the one we saw when Mozilla shifted Firefox to a rapid release cycle . Just as they always have , Microsoft will continue to offer Internet Explorer blocker tools so that network administrators can deploy new browser versions once they 've been fully tested and wo n't cause any application compatibility issues .
There also wo n't be any changes made to a user 's default search provider or home page . User preferences wo n't be touched as part of this new Internet Explorer update process . You 'll simply be bumped to the most current version available for your version of Windows ( IE9 on Vista and Windows 7 , IE8 on Windows XP ) .
It certainly sounds like there 's no downside here . With today 's internet threat landscape , there 's no question that using an outdated browser is a fool 's errand . And you wo n't find a web developer anywhere who 's sad to learn that Internet Explorer 6 ( and even 7 ) will soon disappear from Windows XP machines around the globe .
More at Microsoft
Walter Russell Mead has a typically incisive post about the economic problems rippling outward from China . He points out there are actually two issues here—China and the China Bubble :
China is a middle-income developing country bumping up against the limits of a growth model built on massive exports of manufactured goods . There are lots of bubbles inside China , largely because both national and local governments have pursued a mix of stimulative policies even as the health of the underlying growth model deteriorated . Massive over-investment in real estate , infrastructure and manufacturing capacity , overvalued stock prices and poorly priced financial assets have created an increasingly toxic and dangerous economic situation inside China , and a rattled government is doing its best to keep the system from imploding . The government is hoping to achieve a `` soft landing '' as China switches away from growth led by manufacturing for export to growth led by services and internal consumption . We shall see ; China 's regulators and managers are skilled and have a lot of ammunition . But this is a difficult maneuver to execute and as Chinese society and the Chinese economy both become more complex , the task of running the country keeps getting harder . The China Bubble on the other hand is an international phenomenon . All over the world , the producers of commodities and manufactured goods have bought into the idea that Chinese demand is a perpetual growth machine . Producers of everything from cotton to copper to soybeans to silicon chips have assumed that double digit growth in China 's appetite for the components of its industrial machine will continue indefinitely—and they have invested to create the capacity to match this inexorably growing demand . From the jungles of Africa and the backwoods of Brazil to the rice paddies of Thailand and the Australian Outback there have been massive investments in mining , agriculture , energy production and infrastructure that assume continuing and even accelerating growth in Chinese demand . These investments , the excess capacity they represent , and the stocks and bonds dependent on these investments ( both inside and outside China ) are what the China Bubble is about .
Mead 's point is that these two problems are somewhat intertwined , but are more separable than you might think : Even if Chinese economists figure out how to transition out of fast-growth into a soft landing , everything downstream from the commodities bust will still be swamped . `` The earthquake has happened , '' he writes , `` we are now watching the tsunami surge around the world . From Germany 's high tech capital goods export sector to the copper pits of Zimbabwe… ''
There 's a lot going on here , from labor supply to commodities demand to currency manipulation . But underlying everything is China 's demographic reality : As demographers such as Nick Eberstadt have been warning for years , China 's One-Child policy has set rolling `` a slow-motion humanitarian tragedy . '' Because at the foundational level they 've inverted the balance of their human capital . By enforcing a fertility rate far below replacement , China has ensured that by 2050 their population will be falling by 20 million people every five years or so and—more importantly—one out of every four Chinese citizens will be over the age of 65 .
This means that both production and consumption in China will fall , exacerbating the China Bubble problems Mead discusses . But it also sets the stage for internal instability . China did n't set up a pension system until 2000 . It covers only 365 million people and even so , is underfunded by about 150 percent of the country 's GDP . Because of One-Child , very few Chinese have extended families . So who is going to take care of the China 's old people ?
In What to Expect When No One 's Expecting I argued that because of China 's demographic problems , `` Far from worrying about the Chinese economy overtaking America 's , or China becoming a regional hegemon , we should be preparing to manage a suddenly weakened and unstable China . . . a declining superpower with a rapidly contracting economic base and an unstable political structure . ''
Since I wrote that , China has dismantled One-Child in a desperate attempt to come to terms with its demographic challenges . If they do n't succeed , then no amount of economic soft-landing management will matter much in the long haul .
If popularity is measured in mountains of aluminium ladders , union flags , television cameras , bunting , and more ladders – all faithfully disseminated in further mountains of newsprint and website live feeds of closed doors beginning ( as the Telegraph 's proudly proclaims ) at 4am and ending at 11pm , then the monarchy , right at this moment in silly season , appears to be unassailable . And the polls seem to bear this impression out : Ipsos Mori found this week that 77 % of Britons wanted Britain to remain a monarchy , while just 17 % wanted a republic – this despite the fact that the week also saw a member of a royal household hauled before the public accounts committee to show why it paid no tax on its ( very lucrative ) business interests . The Duchy of Cornwall , said William Nye , Prince Charles 's private secretary – giving Donald Rumsfeld a run for his money in the department of obfuscatory clarifications – is `` a private estate , like a private estate , but in many respects is not a private estate . But that does not make it , per se , a corporation . '' The percentage of people who thought Charles should give up his place in the succession actually dropped , by one point ; 52 % think he should keep it .
And yet , insists Graham Smith , chief executive of the campaign group Republic , and the man who might well have the distinction of being the only person in Britain who works full-time to overthrow the monarchy , `` we 've never had it so good '' . The polls , he says , have remained static for years : what is more important , according to him , is to see that that 77 % support for the monarchy is `` very superficial – most of those people are n't particularly interested – they are open to persuasion . We find this when we go out leafleting , handing out banners , whatever – the response is very positive . A lot of people want to talk to us , get the leaflets , sign up . '' He cites a series of debates staged on university campuses from London to Exeter to Bath , the last being held one week after last year 's jubilee celebrations . `` We did a vote at the beginning , asking people if they were pro , anti , or indifferent . We went from being in third place to having an overall majority by the end of the debate . '' Papers such as London 's Evening Standard , which first reported this week 's poll , emphasise the `` halo effect '' of last year 's jubilee , when the percentage of those wanting to keep the monarchy rose to high of 80 % ; Smith says that the picture , from his point of view , is rather different : `` On 16 November 2010 , when William 's wedding was announced , right on that day we had a spike of people phoning up . Between that announcement and the jubilee we went from having 9,000 to 30,000 supporters . And there 'll be another boost when the baby is born . ''
`` I think the republican movement is better organised and higher-profile than it has been for a long time , '' says novelist and commentator Joan Smith . `` Last year I spoke at a republican demonstration during the Queen 's jubilee celebrations and so many people turned up that the security guards would n't let them through – there were hundreds of republicans milling about . ''
The biggest change , argues Graham Smith , is not numbers so much as the fact that `` there is now a republican movement '' : Republic acts not simply asa rallying point for the republican-minded , but as an active campaigning body . Nye 's presence at the public accounts committee hearing was the direct result of lobbying from Republic , which as far back as May 2007 was persuading Brian Iddon , MP for Bolton South East , to table an early day motion about the lack of transparency in the Duchy of Cornwall 's accounts . When Visit Britain claimed , before the royal wedding , that the event would be good for tourism , Republic made Freedom of Information request for documents which duly revealed that in fact royal weddings had no such precedent . `` If we look at the marriage of Andrew and Sarah in July 1986 , '' wrote Visit Britain 's head of research and forecasting , `` we find that across the year as a whole there were 4 % fewer visitors to Britain than in 1985 , but that in July [ 1986 ] there were 8 % fewer than in July of 1985 . While this and the results relating to 1981 are inconclusive , such as it is , the evidence points to royal weddings having a negative impact on inbound tourism . ''
`` The previous generation of republicans let the side down by treating it as an academic issue , '' says Graham Smith . `` We 're deliberately trying to move away from that and make it a political issue that 's campaigned on . There 's never been an organised republican movement before . Our challenge is to keep on building this movement and bringing more people into it and get over all the old cliches that have been around , such as the fact that these events [ such as the royal birth ] are a bad time for republicans , which is n't true . ''
The Royal Family on the balcony after the Queen 's birthday parade last summer . Photograph : Leon Neal/AFP
The so-called older generation , while in broad and largely enthusiastic agreement with his aims , are , understandably , not especially impressed with being written off in this way . `` I think debating the principles of the constitution , which is what republicans want to do , should not be set aside as merely academic and not political , '' says Quentin Skinner , political historian and a lifelong republican . `` It is highly political to talk about the principles and nature of a democratic constitution . ''
It is not the case that there has never before been an organised republican movement . `` It 's important to remember that England has been a republic , '' says Skinner . `` There was an act of parliament – they did n't just cut off the king 's head , they abolished the institution of monarchy . In English law the period between 1649 and 1660 does n't exist . When Charles II came to the throne he was treated as if he had succeeded in 1649 – thus 1649-1660 was called the interregnum . They wanted us all to forget that there had actually been a republic . ''
And that act of parliament specifically stated that monarchy was being abolished because `` it was said to produce a slavish people '' . Surely that no longer applies , when the monarchy has been entirely stripped of its powers ? `` I do n't believe that , '' says Skinner . `` There 's garden parties , and honours lists , all sorts of institutions that help to produce deference . '' ( All those reporters and camera operators expiring from heat and boredom in front of the Lindo Wing of St Mary 's hospital in Paddington could be said to be enacting that deference , waiting powerlessly for a crumb of news about a royal birth , the symbol par excellence of unearned privilege . )
Republicanism has come to mean opposition to the monarchy , but historically it has been a broad church that has described all sorts of constitutional arrangements . It has been seen as compatible with a monarchy properly disciplined by law , for instance ; it has not always entailed democracy . For Algernon Sidney , eventually executed for treason by Charles II , it was only absolute monarchy , not monarchy per se , that was evil ; James Harrington 's The Commonwealth of Oceana ( 1656 ) argued that republicanism was intimately linked with the ownership of land ; the book was initially censored under Cromwell , then published with a dedication to him .
Republicanism was often used to describe a language of dissent – aimed at arbitrary government , against political corruption or anyone who put their own interest before that of the public . Its emphasis was on civic virtue and , following Aristotle , often presented good citizenship as a condition of liberty . Or it could have a more Machiavellian bent – to secure one 's own freedom and interests it was simply rational to play a part in public affairs . For centuries , aristocrats like Philip Sidney and his ilk cast themselves as the only true republicans , because they were the only ones with sufficient resources to dedicate themselves wholly to the public good – an idea that Prince Charles , with his myriad projects for the supposed betterment of his people ( Poundbury , lobbying for homeopathy on the NHS and so forth ) , would probably find quite attractive .
The next serious threat to the crown , says Skinner , was in the 1870s . `` After the death of Queen Victoria 's consort , Albert , and her withdrawal from public life , distinct republican murmurs were heard , enough to worry the government . People began to say , 'If this is someone who plays no role in public life , why do we keep her ? ' The republicanism of 1870 was a not-unimportant political movement and they had to take note of that . ''
More than a century later , after the royal family 's `` annus horribilis '' , as the Queen famously described 1992 , and the death of Diana , republicanism seemed to have another chance – but the monarchy has concertedly fought back . It has , says Skinner , who , unlike both Smiths , believes republicanism to be in retreat , `` very good PR . Bringing forward the young people , replacing the old-timers , the royal birth , the show continues . '' It 's `` a kind of opiate of the people . It 's like pop stars , is n't it ? They 're simply in the news because they 're in the news . '' And , perhaps , in a time of deep cynicism and disappointment in so many aspects of public life – bankers , politicians , clergy – they are seen as the least noxious of a bad lot ; simple entertainment , even .
Graham Smith cautions , vociferously , against falling for this narrative . `` They 've won if we think they 're harmless . What they 're trying to do with these big events is promoted three key myths that need to be challenged '' — and which are the chief reasons that 75 % -80 % figure stays so steady : that the monarchy unites the country , that it is good for tourism , that it has no power . There is n't the evidence to support their argument for tourism , he argues – look at that Visit Britain memo . Furthermore , it is vital to separate the heritage tourism industry , which is thriving , from the antics of Princes Harry , William , et al : `` Buckingham palace would still be there without the monarchy . ''
The Queen 's sovereign grant was increased by £5m this year , which Michael Mansfield describes as 'staggering '
`` One of the things I thought staggering , '' says Michael Mansfield , QC , another republican , who acted for Mohamed al-Fayed in the inquest into the deaths of Dodi al-Fayed and Diana , Princess of Wales , `` was the increase of the Queen 's sovereign grant . She 's getting £5m more than she got last year . That was the day after Osborne outlined cuts of £11.5bn . Now , I know she 's got expenses – I dare say the refurbishment of Kensington Palace is necessary but why does the public have to foot the £600,000 bill , rather than the Queen ? '' And on the subject of money , a quick call to Clarence House confirms that , public accounts committee notwithstanding , there are no plans to change the Prince 's tax arrangements .
And then , of course , there is the issue of influence and power . About a year ago , notes Mansfield , `` the attorney general ruled that we are not allowed to see the letters that go between Charles and government ministers . Why not ? We 're entitled to know what a potential head of state is saying . '' The decision was challenged by the Guardian but upheld in the high court this month . Mansfield thinks the biggest problem lies in `` the willingness of people to recognise the parlous state in which we exist now – economic frailty overseen by someone who is not remotely in touch with it . [ The Queen ] may not have any actual formal power , but she has a lot of influence . What goes on between her and the prime minister when they meet every week ? I 'm sure they do n't just talk about the weather – she 's an intelligent woman , she 'll have opinions . It 's a very British form of power – indirect , diffuse , nobody writes it down , but there it is , year after year , century after century . Democratic governance must be transparent and accountable . '' The trouble , argues Skinner , `` is that the Queen is very popular . She takes her job seriously and does it well , and people respect her for that . ''
This respect does not necessarily extend to Charles , and whether or not he succeeds , suggests Tony Benn , might eventually be down not to any kind of ( polite ) revolution , but to another very old form of British power . `` The present system is that when the queen dies there is a meeting of the privy council , a strange body made up of ministers and former minsters . I 've been a member since 1964 , and it 's never once met as a whole body . The privy council 's duty is to proclaim 'with one heart , mind and voice ' that the heir is the successor . '' This is in effect , he says , a unanimity rule : `` In theory , if one of the members objected , [ the succession ] would be illegal . I think it 's a possibility that has to be considered . There are a number of republicans in the privy council – whether anyone would do it , or it would be accepted as valid , I do n't know . ''
Getty Images
North Dakota State quarterback Carson Wentz is a tough player to evaluate . He had an outstanding college career , but did he have an outstanding career because he 's a future NFL franchise quarterback , or because he was completing passes against a lot of defensive backs who will never set foot on an NFL field ?
That 's the kind of question the Senior Bowl and the Scouting Combine are designed to answer , and at both , Wentz looked like he belonged among the best prospects from the biggest football factories .
“ I think about a month ago , Carson Wentz was an idle curiosity , a I-AA kid from North Dakota State , ” Mike Mayock said on NFL Network . “ He went to the Senior Bowl , confirmed his status as a top-tier quarterback , came to the Combine and I think had the cleanest workout of anybody in terms of arm strength , his feet looked good , he showed his athletic ability . For my money , he made some money . ”
Where exactly Wentz will end up in the draft remains to be seen . Some think he could go as high as first overall if a team falls in love with him and trades up to draft him , and others have penciled him in at No . 2 to Cleveland . Others think he 's still behind Cal quarterback Jared Goff in this year 's quarterback class .
But Wentz has eased the doubts that he 's just a product of playing against weaker competition . He looks like he can play at the next level .
I remember it well . A new , exciting ministry position was up for grabs . Quietly in my mind , I congratulated myself as being the most faithful candidate . Since I “ put in my time , ” it was a sure thing , so I thought . However , my inflated view of self and self-flattery only set me up for greater disappointment when another person ( who I thought was less qualified ) was chosen for the position . I could n't believe it . I was humiliated , not because it was humiliating so much as I had created my own humiliation by wallowing in my shattered ego . For a few weeks after , I continued licking my wounds as I felt sorry for myself . I created my own misery . And in a narcissistic way , I liked it ; it was a nurturing form of self-therapy .
Self-pity : a self-absorbed , feeling sorry for oneself fueled by a high view of self , a low view of God , and an attitude of entitlement .
As I 've struggled with the sin of self-pity , God has been kind to expose some of its dangers .
The following is a brief refresher on some of self-pity 's dangers :
Self-pity is a real temptation for all of us .
Two big ingredients blend together , which present self-pity as a tasty option : external struggle and internal struggle . Battles outside of us really do leave their scars on us . Life is hard . People get wounded . Sometimes , in unbearable ways .
Additionally , we have a fallen nature which causes an internal battle leading to wrongly-handled hurt and struggle . Whether a large and legitimate hurt , or a small or imagined one , our sin looks to use it for the glory of self . This makes self-pity a constant temptation , and a deep frustration for God 's people as they seek to live for his glory .
Self-pity comes from an internal pride , not external circumstances .
This is not to overlook real , external struggles in any way . But self-pity looks at those struggles and then responds : it is a response to struggle ( real or imagined ) fueled by the pride of a high view of self . Our circumstances do not force it ; they merely present the opportunity . And , if we 're not careful , pride will take the opportunity every time .
For that reason , self-pity is not a morally neutral act . I 'll never forget the first day I heard it . I was sitting in my first pastoral counseling class , when Dr. Stuart Scott said something along the lines of , “ Men , self-pity is sinful pride. ” An overdue shift occurred in my soul that day . What I always thought was an innocent feeling sorry for oneself had been exposed for what it really is .
In self-pity , pride preaches , “ This should not be happening to you . You are so much greater than all of this . You are entitled to enthronement . God is a poor Lord. ” And so , we feel sorry for ourselves and the spiral begins .
Of self-pity , Stuart Scott writes , “ Some proud people may not come across proud at all , because they are always down on themselves . This is still evidence of pride because one is focused on self and wants self to be elevated . Having a ‘ woe is me ' attitude is self-pity , which is pride. ” So then , boisterous bragging and quiet self-pity are two sides of the same coin . They both are born from the same mother of pride .
Self-pity can come from a worship of our feelings .
Feelings are the golden calf of our day . We worship our feelings and hold them higher than anything , especially truth . This is evident , for example , in that our feelings become the determiner of what is good and bad ; the judge of what is right and wrong . If my feelings are hurt , then something must be wrong . If you hurt my feelings , then you are a villain . Never mind that I probably needed wounding ( Prov . 27:5-6 ) . And never mind looking at what idols and sinful cravings might be fueling my hurt feelings ( Jas . 4:1-2 ) .
So , where there is self-pity , there is the idol of feelings . My feelings have been hurt by something . Since I hold feelings as supreme , I become consumed by feeling sorry for myself . So , self-pity 's goal , then , becomes setting my toppled idol of feelings backs on its feet . And if you hinder this cause , and do not help it , then you are labeled “ unloving . ”
Self-pity is fueled by an “ I deserve ” mentality .
Often in self-pity , I will continue feeling sorry for myself because I am wanting something that I am not getting or I am getting something that I am not wanting . Perhaps I want , and feel that I deserve , some recognition , attention , or promotion . If you do not get it in the way and amount I feel that I deserve , I resort to self-pity . Perhaps , on a more difficult scale , I really do not want ( nor think I deserve ) some struggle or hard circumstance in my life .
If I do not flee the “ I deserve ” mentality , then self-pity takes root . What happens , then , is “ I deserve ” mutates into expectations and demands , leading to a deepening self-consumed pouting . And in a weird and painful way , it can feel really good .
But we must humbly recall that we only deserve the wrath of God for our sin . If we have sinned , then all that we are due is condemnation and wrath ( Ezek . 18:4 , Rom . 6:23 ) . If God really gave us what we deserved , then we would be enduring his just anger for eternity in hell .
Self-pity is a deep ingratitude .
Because it is fueled by a high view of self , self-pity will be accompanied by a lack of thankfulness . It is focused on wanting something else and willfully blind to the goodness of God in my life . In that sense , self-pity is greedy : it is discontent with present circumstances , feeling like it deserves more , and refuses to be thankful .
Self-pity has a low view of God .
When self is big , God is small . And self-pity is one of those times when our view of ourselves is inflated like a blowfish . We are absorbed in the world of our cravings , our entitlements , and our feelings . God is nowhere in the picture . Actually , God is in the picture , but only as the recipient of our complaining .
I have booted God off of his throne and placed my wants , my feelings , and myself on the throne .
Self-pity is , then , fundamentally a breaking of the greatest commandment .
Self-pity often inflates its struggles and deflates those of others .
Because it is self-consumed and self-indulging , self-pity often thinks that everyone has it easier than them . It meditates on ante-1 Corinthians 10:13 : “ My temptations are completely uncommon to man and there is no way of escape . ”
Similarly , the heart will lament how no one really understands . And in some sense , that may be true : there may be no individuals in my midst who thoroughly understand what I 'm enduring . However , self-pity clings to that thought in a self-absorbed , self-exalting way . It takes dark joy in no one understanding , whether or not that is true .
Self-pity will rally a fan-club from undiscerning sympathizers .
Self-pity can be a strategic tactic for seeking sympathizers . Well-meaning , but undiscerning , friends will run to comfort me in my “ woe-is-me ” attitude . On the surface they see a proverbial wounded puppy . Like liberating the innocent dog from the pound , they come to the rescue . But little do they realize , self-pity craves the fan-club for its own glory , and , in the meantime , uses the sympathy as a nurse to heal the wounded pride back to health .
Self-pity , in turn , will manipulate the sympathizers . For example , it will say , “ You really are a true friend , ” or , “ No one else has shown love like you have , ” or , “ No one really understands what I 'm going through , except you . You really have a gift. ” Flattery , then , can be a common tactic of self-pity to recruit that growing sympathy fan-club ( and as a sidenote , it 's easy to see how self-pity is often at the root of church splits and divisions ) . Self-pity makes some of its best friends through manipulation and flattery . It may not think it is manipulating or flattering , because self-pity really does feel loved by it all ( and the sympathizer may not feel manipulated because they are rewarded by self-pity 's praise ) . But make no mistake : the compliments and accolades are fueled by the monster of pride ; it 's nothing more than a sinister self-love . And before they know it , self-pity 's undiscerning sympathizers have been converted into advocates for its self-centered cause . It 's sinfully brilliant .
Church leaders , too , need to be aware of this . Self-pity will look for a church where it will not be shepherded , but coddled . It looks less for truth , and more for feelings-coddling in the name of God and his word . Undiscerning leadership can mistake the hurt feelings for the whole story , when it 's merely a fraction , and a surface problem . Thinking they are shepherding the individual , they will do them harm by pandering them so as to give them a bigger view of themselves than God and the work of Christ . Meanwhile , the roots of self-pity keep growing beneath the surface , further damaging the individual .
Self-pity is a hazardous demeanor for decision-making .
Our motivation during self-pity is the glory and exaltation of self . We 're like Humpty Dumpty : our fragile ego has fallen off the wall , shattered on the hard ground of reality , and we 're looking for an idolatrous balm to put it back together again . The goal is to restore the enthronement of self with just about whatever means possible . For that reason , making decisions , especially big ones , is hazardous during these times . We will reap what we sow . If we sow to soothe our idolatrous feelings , we will be sure to reap greater seasons of self-pity and bitterness in the future . If we keep feeding our narcissism , it will only bloom into a more miserable monster .
We will flee the hard situations which are in reality gifts from God to strengthen us in a difficult world . We may flee relationships and people who are there to help and care for us God 's way . We might make foolish financial decisions in our self-absorption . We can make a myriad of other foolish decisions thinking that a change of scenery , job , place , and people will be the solution to our problems .
And if we do get what makes us feel better in times of self-pity ( whether through our decision-making or not ) , we should not interpret that as God 's blessing on us . Quite the opposite , perhaps . Our self-absorbed jockeying has merely managed to manipulate further idolatry .
Self-pity is typically a gateway into other sin .
Self-pity is usually the entrance point into self-justifying , subjective affirmation of what one wants . It 's used as the permission slip into other sins . The high view of self fuels a reward mentality which will look for all sorts of fleshly trophies to present itself for enduring hardship . In doing so , moments of self-pity can become gateways to further sin .
Christ is our hope in self-pity .
As a man of sorrows , acquainted with grief , and tempted in all ways like us , Christ faced the great temptation of self-pity . And if anyone , we might understand if he succumbed to self-pity . No one has faced greater injustice than Jesus Christ . Never was there anyone so deserving of glory , yet received such an onslaught of sin . In return for creating , sustaining , and loving us , humanity gave , and continues to give , him sin .
And yet , despite our enmity , he never resorted to self-pity . Instead , he trusted his Father ( 1 Pet . 2:23 ) , looked ahead to the good his sufferings would accomplish ( Rom . 8:28 , Heb . 12:2 ) , focused on serving others ( Mark 10:45 ) , and sought to please God in it all ( Matt . 26:42 , John 8:29 ) .
And because he never sinned , Christ offered himself on the cross as the only sufficient sacrifice by whom the wrath of God due our sin could be extinguished . The propitiatory work of Jesus Christ in our place on the cross is sufficient to remove our condemnation , including that for our self-pity . He is our hope . We can ask his forgiveness for the pride of self-pity and receive it freely .
Then , by his transforming grace , we can turn from self-pity . Instead of wallowing in self-sympathy , we can rest in Christ 's sympathy who was tempted in all ways like us yet never sinned ( Heb . 4:15-16 ) . We can rest in the fact that the love and grace which God has shown us in Christ is far greater than the hurt and indifference we 've received from others . We can trust that things tempting us to self-pity are sovereignly used for good to make us more like Christ . By his grace , we can turn the self-consumption of self-pity into serving others ; the focus on hurt feelings to a focus on the goodness of God towards us ; the manipulating of sympathizers into seeking to love and encourage others ; the focus on entitlement to thankfulness for the Person and work of Christ .
Photo credit : media.philly.com , cdn.smosh.com , i.ytimg.com , liesyoungwomenbelieve.com , dokuwiki.noctrl.edu .
Monckton Myth # 2 : Temperature records , trends and El Nino
Posted on 17 January 2011 by robert way
Recently John addressed some of the issues with Christopher Monckton 's paper targeting Michael Steketee 's column in The Australian , where Monckton asserted that the oceans are not accumulating heat . John showed that when you consider the full body of evidence , it is evident that the oceans are indeed accumulating heat thereby contributing to global sea level rise . In the spirit of consulting the full body of evidence , I will address Monckton 's claims regarding temperature records , temperature trends and the intensity of 2010 's El Nino .
Mr. Steketee noted that 2010 had the warmest January to September recorded , which Monckton highlighted as cherry-picking for not including a full year of data . Now that the data is in for most indices - what does it show ?
To answer this question I looked at more than just the traditional Hadley , NASA and NOAA datasets , but also the measurements of the lower troposphere processed by Remote Sensing Systems ( RSS ) and the University of Alabama-Huntsville ( UAH ) as well as the 5 major reanalysis datasets which incorporate station data , aircraft data , satellite data , radiosonde data and meteorological weather modeling . In hopes of being able to demonstrate robustness I have compiled data from the 10 different sources , with these , and 2010 's year-end temperature ranking summarized in Table 1 .
Table 1 : Summary of primary data sources .
From the table it is readily apparent that 2010 was a warm year as every data source that includes it has concluded that it was either the warmest or 2nd warmest year on record . However , it seems that the devil of a year in 1998 still was atop the global temperature records for HadCRUT , RSS and UAH . There is one important caveat countering this : the 3rd column shows that all the datasets that include 1998 as the warmest year on record do not have global coverage . In fact amongst datasets with global coverage at least reaching to 2005 , there is only one dataset which has 1998 in its top 2 and this record does not include 2009 or 2010 . The global coverage identifier is key because it is well known that the exclusion of parts of the Arctic is the reason that Hadley has been undersampling the warming . Furthermore since the satellite records do not include much of the polar regions they can not be considered to have global coverage either . This is an important caveat particularly because the Arctic climate system has experienced the fastest rate of warming out of anywhere on the planet . Neglecting a region such as this has undoubtedly forced 1998 into a position that it should not be in , as the warmest year in an incomplete record .
Then which year is it ?
Each temperature dataset has their own individual caveats so it is difficult to assess which is the most reliable , but a purely unscientific way to look at this issue is to put all the datasets on the same baseline and to average them to create the Method Temperature Index ( AMTI ) . I have put all the Table 1 datasets on the 1990-2000 baseline ( so we could include all ) and have averaged them to create Figure 1 below .
Figure 1 : All Method Temperature Index ( AMTI ) . 1990-2000 Baseline .
Based upon the AMTI the overwhelming majority of evidence suggests that 2010 is the warmest year on record , followed by 2005 with 1998 in a close third buoyed by the anomalous warmth demonstrated in the 3 records without global coverage ( Hadley , RSS and UAH ) .
Warming Rates
Now that we have assembled the data , onto some Monckton Myths ! Monckton asserts :
“ In fact , the rate of warming from 1975-2001 , at 0.16 °C per decade , was the fastest rate to be sustained for more than a decade in the 160-year record , but exactly the same rate occurred from 1860-1880 and again from 1910-1940 , when we could not possibly have had anything to do with it . ”
Let 's have a look at some warming rates for the different indices in Table 2 .
Table 2 : Rate of warming for given indices in °C/century .
First we can conclude that Monckton 's statement that 1975-2001 was the fastest warming rate for longer than a decade is absolutely wrong as a much higher rate is demonstrated for 1975-2005 in row 5 . Secondly , to compare the three periods in Table 2 , the only index which covers that period is Hadley , making his 1.6°C per century number wrong for 1975-2001 as it is actually much higher at 1.78°C per century . Based upon the evidence presented here , he can not support his statement that 1860-1880 had a similar warming rate as it was demonstratively lower than the 1975-2001 warming rate and nearly half the 1975-2005 rate . Finally , regarding the 1910 to 1940 warm period , evidence presented here suggests that only 1 out of the 4 major indices indicates a rate of warming within 0.25°C per century and none within 0.2°C . His claim that the rates are similar is dubious at best .
No global warming since 2001 ?
Now onto another claim made by Mr. Monckton . Monckton states
“ Since late 2001 there has been virtually no “ global warming ” at all . ”
Using the datasets already collected , this should n't be too hard to test . How about computing the trend from 2001 to 2010 ( Table 3 ) ?
Table 3 : Rate of temperature change per century ( 2001-2010 )
It is true that in 1 of the 6 major indices there is in fact a negative slope , however to indicate with such certainty that there has been “ virtually no global warming at all ” is to ignore the vast majority of scientific evidence suggesting otherwise . Since skepticism is inherent for Monckton he should ask why only 1 of 6 indices shows data supporting his argument .
Monckton makes another similar claim in his “ rebuttal ” # 4 by saying :
“ Actually , it is colder ” when the statement reads that the world is not cooler compared to 1998 .
Same process , computing trends since 1998 to indicate whether or not it has been warming . Figure 5 shows much of the same as Table 4 .
Table 4 : Rate of temperature change per century since 1998 .
So to summarize : we have already established that 1998 is not the warmest year on record for any truly global analysis , that it has warmed since 2001 and now that it has been warming since 1998 ( in some cases significantly ) .
... Move on people nothing to see here ...
A few lines away from his trend comments , Monckton acknowledges that the last decade was the warmest on record but indicates that it is part of a trend of 300 years of global warming . It is interesting to hear Monckton make that claim considering our best climate reconstructions indicate that the 1700s were still right in the midst of the little ice age . Either way if he is insinuating that this warming is some sort of “ rebound ” from the LIA then we have already addressed that here . Furthermore , as Figure 2 demonstrates , the vast majority of warming has occurred over the past 110 years where there is strong evidence of a human impact in the early part and undeniable evidence of a strong anthropogenic signal in the latter part .
Is 2010 a strong El Niño year ?
Finally to end this lengthy post I will quickly look at several claims made by Mr. Monckton regarding the strength of this year 's El Niño and La Niña . Monckton states :
“ ... the first nine months of 2010 ... was dominated by a substantial El Niño… The last few months of the year… showed the beginnings of a La Niña event… ''
So was this in fact a strong El Niño year followed by just the beginnings of a La Niña ?
According to NOAA , 2010 featured 5 months of El Niño conditions with 7 months of La Niña conditions . During 2010 , there was a total of 1 month considered to be a strong El Niño event and 5 months considered to be a strong La Niña event according to NOAA 's criteria . Not exactly the 9 month long , substantial event with the beginnings of a La Niña event is it ?
In Conclusion
Monckton dragged us down a road that we should not have had to travel . Short term trends are spurious and year to year rankings are not what matters in the end . What matters is the clear and unambiguous long term warming trend that has accelerated over the last 50 years . This post is also a lesson that even when focusing on short term trends , Monckton 's arguments fail to be supported if one does not cherry pick .
Ether is stronger against the US dollar above $ 320.00 , while slowly recovering versus bitcoin . ETH/USD has to break $ 350.00 to gain upside momentum .
ETH/BTC is back above 0.060BTC and might correct toward 0.062BTC .
There is a key bullish trendline forming with support at $ 340.00 on the 30-minute chart of ETH/USD .
Ether is on the rise against the US dollar , but it is facing a crucial resistance near $ 350 .
Technically , the 2-hour chart indicators are pointing to a short-term range in the bullish territory .
Ether Price forming Range
There were a couple of swing moves in ETH/USD during the past two sessions . The pair made an attempt to settle above $ 350.00 , but failed and moved toward $ 335.00 .
Looking at the 30-minute chart of ETH/USD , the pair seems to be following a nice bullish path . It remains supported above $ 338.00 and a key bullish trendline at $ 340.00 .
The pair recently formed a new monthly high at $ 352.70 and corrected lower . It tested the 38.2 percent Fibonacci retracement level of the last upside wave from the $ 318.56 low to $ 352.70 high . At the moment , the pair is following the trendline and will most likely continue moving higher toward $ 345.00-350.00 .
The $ 348.00-350.00 resistance zone holds the key for further upsides . A successful close above $ 350.00 could trigger gains toward $ 360.00 or even $ 380.00 .
On the flip side , a break below the trendline support at $ 340.00 would ignite a downside reaction toward the 50 percent Fibonacci retracement level of the last upside wave from the $ 318.56 low to $ 352.70 high .
Moving on to the 2-hour chart of ETH/USD , there is a range forming with support at $ 320.00 and resistance near $ 350.00 . The price action at this moment is positive and calls for an upside push .
To sum up , the upward scope in Ether seems limited by selling interest on approaches to $ 350.00 . A decisive breakout above $ 350.00 may encourage a further increase toward $ 360.00 . On the other hand , weakness below $ 340.00 may open the doors back toward $ 320.00 .
The University of California at Los Angeles has come under fire multiple times this fall for the state of race relations there . First , concern over the treatment of minority professors prompted a sobering report detailing instances of race-based discrimination against faculty members . Next , Sy Stokes and other black male undergrads made their now-viral video about their slim ranks on campus .
Now some graduate students are weighing in on what they see as a climate of hostility toward minority students , both in the Graduate School of Education 's Information 's Social Science and Comparative Education division and at UCLA as a whole . But the grad students ' interruption of a class session with a sit-in has other graduate students questioning their tactics -- and some say their accusations are unfair .
`` What we 're speaking to is part of a larger , institutionalized culture on campus , ” said Kenjus Waston , a black Ph.D. candidate in the division and an organizing member of UCLA Call 2 Action : Graduate Students of Color . The group staged a sit-in , or what it called a “ teach-in , ” during a second-level dissertation preparation course in the division this month . Watson said members hoped to address racially motivated “ microagressions ” – seemingly innocuous but ultimately hurtful comments or actions – that have marked their time at UCLA .
About 25 students participated in the sit-in , in the classroom of Val Rust , professor emeritus of education . Watson – a student in that class – said Rust 's course was one of many in which students of “ color and consciousness ” have experienced discrimination . Of about 10 students in the class , 5 participated in the sit-in . Participants read a letter listing their complaints and a series of demands for reform . Regular coursework was suspended for about an hour because of the sit-in .
“ A hostile campus climate has been the norm for Students of Color in this class throughout the quarter as our epistemological and methodological commitments have been repeatedly questioned by our classmates and our instructor , ” the group 's letter reads . The statement accuses “ the professor ” ( it does not identify Rust by name ) of correcting “ perceived grammatical choices that in actuality reflect ideologies ” and “ repeatedly questioning the value of our work on social identity and the related dynamics of oppression , power and privilege. ” The “ barrage of questions by white colleagues and the grammar ‘ lessons ' by the professor have contributed to a hostile class climate , ” it continues .
Watson , whose research focuses on black men and microagressions in higher education , said some within the division – he did not wish to name specific professors or peers – have questioned his research as “ too subjective , ” he said . In another case that best exemplifies the `` grammar 'lessons ' '' referenced in group 's letter , he said , another student who chose to capitalize the first letter in the word “ Indigenous ” in her research papers saw it changed to a lowercase throughout . Watson said that correction disregarded the writer 's scholarly advocacy and had other `` ideological implications . '' Rust also insisted on Chicago Manual of Style form in research papers , even though some in the group wanted to use American Psychological Association style , in line with their more social science-oriented research .
The letter also alleges that the professor has failed to address the “ escalating hostility directed at the only Male of Color in this cohort ” and crossed a line by physically shaking that student 's arm in a “ questionable , patronizing and facetious effort to remind [ him ] of the importance of dialogue. ” Watson said that , during a discussion on critical race theory during which he was wearing a T-shirt that read `` Dialogue Matters , '' Rust tried to stop the heated conversation by shaking his arm . Making physical contact with a student is inappropriate , Watson added , and there are additional implications when an older white man does so with a younger black man .
Following the letter , other participants spoke about their own instances of discrimination as graduate students at UCLA .
In an interview , a Hispanic-American female participant and graduate student in the division who did not want to be identified by name said she 'd been told by peers that she was “ smart for a woman of color ” and that others had expressed surprise that she did not speak with an accent .
Watson said Rust 's class was chosen not to single him out as a particularly intolerant professor but rather as an exemplary of a larger campus culture of intolerance that also impacts faculty of color .
“ We chose that course because several students in it have been involved in a larger campus movement based around the Moreno report , ” he said , referring to the report on UCLA minority faculty grievances from a panel headed by Carlos Moreno , former California Supreme Court justice . The report , released last month , cites “ widespread concern among faculty members that the racial climate at UCLA had deteriorated over time , and that the university 's policies and procedures are inadequate to respond to reports of incidents of bias and discrimination. ” It also found that “ the relevant university policies were vague , the remedial procedures difficult to access , and from a practical standpoint , essentially nonexistent . ''
But Stephanie Kim , another Ph.D. candidate within the division , but who is not in the interrupted class , criticized Call 2 Action for not seeking broader input from all students within the division and organizing a dialogue-based forum through which to air their concerns . Racism at UCLA merits discussion , she said – so much so that she teaches her own undergraduate students about a 2011 incident in which a former student mocked her Asian peers on video . But singling out a single professor is unfair , she said in an interview .
Kim , an advisee of Rust 's who has known him for several years , expressed similar sentiments in a recent op-ed in the UCLA student newspaper , the Daily Bruin .
“ Prior to this act , the organizers of the sit-in did not seek broader support from the division , whether from students of color or otherwise , ” she wrote . “ The organizers never addressed their grievances in our divisional town halls . The organizers also did not share their letter widely with the other students and faculty members . ”
She continued : “ Based on the tension reverberating throughout the division , I believe that the sit-in was a deliberately mean-spirited circus that creates exactly the hostile and toxic environment split along unsettling racial lines that the demonstrators claim to be fighting against . ”
Addressing Rust in particular , she added , “ As a woman of color , I am deeply saddened that my adviser and mentor for the last five years , Rust , was unjustly demonized as the symbol of white male oppression as a cheap way of arousing public support . ”
Watson said he and his fellow organizers did not mean to exclude any of their colleagues , but that the sit-in was meant as an act of civil disobedience to raise awareness of an important issue .
Some faculty members also have criticized the group . John Ellis , head of the California Association of Scholars and professor emeritus of German literature at the University of California at Santa Cruz , said it was a professor 's job to correct grammatical errors , and that doing so did not constitute racism . Moreover , he said , `` stealing time '' from other students in the class during the sit-in merited punitive action by UCLA against the protesters .
A UCLA spokesman declined to respond to a question about possible punishment for the students , citing Family and Educational Rights and Privacy Act regulations .
Graduate School of Education and Information Studies professors held a meeting late last week to discuss the sit-in . Sandra Graham , professor of education and Presidential Chair in Education and Diversity , said she was not present for the teach-in , but that it was her understanding that it was a result of “ tensions percolating ” over time within the division . She referred questions to the head of the Social Sciences and Comparative Education division , Douglas Kellner , who did not return requests for comment .
Via email from China , where he is traveling , Rust shared an email he sent to his colleagues within the division immediately following the teach-in . Addressing the issues the graduate students raised about his class and others , he wrote : “ First , I have a practice of being rather thorough in the papers ( dissertation proposals ) the students were submitting to me and they said the grammar and spelling corrections I was making on their papers represented a form of ‘ microaggression . ' I have attempted to be rather thorough on the papers and am particularly concerned that they do a good job with their bibliographies and citations , and these students apparently do n't feel that is appropriate . ”
He continued : “ Second , two weeks ago a Student of Color and a white female student got into a big discussion . She wants to use Standpoint Theory [ a method of analysis coined by feminist sociologist Dorothy Smith , based on the idea that all knowledge is subjective and based on one 's position in society ] in her dissertation , and the Student of Color told her she had no business claiming that she was a member of an oppressed group . She came back saying there are all kinds of oppression . I likely did not handle the situation well , because I chose not to stop the discussion between them , so it went on for quite a while , and the Students of Color apparently interpreted my silence to mean I was n't supporting them . ”
Summing up the event and the students ' concerns as a whole , Rust said that the participants “ generally complained that there is a great racism at UCLA and in the Department of Education and it has to stop. ” He called many of the individual stories “ very touching ” and said he felt “ something ought to be done to address their concerns , ” perhaps beginning with the “ apparent separation between the Critical Race Theory advocates among the students and the other students in the [ division ] . ”
Noting his travel plans , he suggested a division-wide town hall meeting to be scheduled upon his return . He said he hoped “ the whole thing opened up a dialogue that may ultimately be productive . ”
Marcelo Suarez-Orozco , dean of the Graduate School of Education and Information Studies , did not return a request for an interview but forwarded a letter he sent to Department of Education professors and students last week . Following the sit-in he said , he “ became aware of the last of a series of troubling racial climate incidents at UCLA , most recently associated with [ Rust 's class ] . ” He said he and others in the department were “ developing a plan of work to address all the relevant issues – issues that have a long history that antecede ” the sit-in .
He continued : “ Rest assured I take this extremely seriously . I humbly dedicate myself to listening and to learning from this experience . …Together , as a community , we will work towards just , equitable , and lasting solutions . Together , we shall heal . ”
Call 2 Action 's online petition has more than 110 signatures in support of its message and demands for reform , including that the Graduate School of Education and Information Studies at UCLA commission `` an external and systematic inquiry into the campus climate for Graduate Students of Color before the end of the Spring 2014 quarter and work diligently on any subsequent recommendations . '' It also demands a more standardized , transparent process for reporting `` oppressive '' incidents ; the integration of race and ethnic studies within the curriculum across the Graduate School of Education and Information Studies ; and the hiring of two new faculty members of color `` and/or allies per division who are equipped '' to supervise critical research and mentor students of color in each of the school 's divisions . Watson said that although resources are scarce , more financial support for graduate students of color will help with retention .
FRANKFURT/BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - Greek banks will have restricted access to bailout funds until a fresh injection of equity to recapitalize them several months from now is approved , sources told Reuters on Wednesday .
A man stands as he waits outside a National Bank branch to open in Athens , Greece July 20 , 2015 . REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun
An initial 10 billion euros ( $ 11.16 billion ) will be made available “ immediately ” to shore up confidence in Greek banks , but it will be placed in a restricted account , at least until a “ stress test ” is finished by the middle or end of October , they said .
The European Stability Mechanism — which provides financial assistance to euro area member states experiencing financing difficulties — will be responsible for distributing this cash , if banks fall short of minimum capital requirements .
But no disbursement is expected for now as banks are seen maintaining adequate capital until the full 25 billion euros outlined in the rescue package agreed between Athens and its international lenders are available , one source said .
Greek banks , closed for much of July , have been kept on a lifeline by the European Central Bank and are limiting cash withdrawals to a weekly 420 euros per customer to prevent a run . But they have built up a 5 billion euro liquidity buffer thanks to capital controls , indicating confidence is returning .
“ When the full recapitalization of banks is fulfilled it will have a major impact for the economy , ” one of the sources said . “ We know that there is around 40 billion euros in cash under the mattresses in the real economy and that money could come ( back to the banks ) very very quickly . ”
Greece agreed this week on the its third bailout deal , potentially worth up to 86 billion euros , and expects to have all approvals in place by Aug 20 , when a 3.2 billion euro payment to the ECB is due .
Although the Greek government has proposed maintaining all banks , despite suggestions that some could be merged or closed , the lenders will have to get their business plans approved by authorities before fresh equity is disbursed .
European authorities have also given up on the idea of bailing in either depositors or other creditors , although shareholders will be diluted , the sources said , adding that existing shareholders , such as Fairfax Financial Holdings , a major owner of Eurobank , would also be given the option to take part in the banks ' recapitalization .
Once the recapitalization is approved , new shares in the banks will be held by the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund ( HFSF ) , not European authorities , which will allow the banks to perform normal credit and capital market operations with relatively few limitations , one of the sources said .
Greece 's top banks include National Bank of Greece , Eurobank , Alpha Bank and Piraeus Bank .
Michael Jeffrey Jordan ( born February 17 , 1963 ) , also known by his initials , MJ , is an American former professional basketball player , entrepreneur , and majority owner and chairman of the Charlotte Bobcats .
His biography on the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) website states , “ By acclamation , Michael Jordan is the greatest basketball player of all time . ”
Jordan was one of the most effectively marketed athletes of his generation and was considered instrumental in popularizing the NBA around the world in the 1980s and 1990s .
Jordan 's individual accolades and accomplishments include five Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) Awards , ten All-NBA First Team designations , nine All-Defensive First Team honors , fourteen NBA All-Star Game appearances , three All-Star Game MVP Awards , ten scoring titles , three steals titles , six NBA Finals MVP Awards , and the 1988 NBA Defensive Player of the Year Award .
I can accept failure , everyone fails at something . But I ca n't accept not trying .
If you accept the expectations of others , especially negative ones , then you never will change the outcome .
I 've missed more than 9000 shots in my career . I 've lost almost 300 games . 26 times , I 've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed . I 've failed over and over and over again in my life . And that is why I succeed .
If you 're trying to achieve , there will be roadblocks . I 've had them ; everybody has had them . But obstacles do n't have to stop you . If you run into a wall , do n't turn around and give up . Figure out how to climb it , go through it , or work around it .
Talent wins games , but teamwork and intelligence wins championships .
My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness , then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength .
Some people want it to happen , some wish it would happen , others make it happen .
Just play . Have fun . Enjoy the game .
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them .
To be successful you have to be selfish , or else you never achieve . And once you get to your highest level , then you have to be unselfish . Stay reachable . Stay in touch . Do n't isolate .
If you quit ONCE it becomes a habit.Never quit ! ! !
Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation .
To learn to succeed , you must first learn to fail .
Everybody has talent , but ability takes hard work .
Do n't let them drag you down by rumors just go with what you believe in .
Never say never , because limits , like fears , are often just an illusion .
Once I made a decision , I never thought about it again
If you do the work you get rewarded . There are no shortcuts in life .
The key to success is failure
I realize im black , but id like to be viewed as a person , and that is everybodys wish
If nobody help you , do it alone ! There is no ‘ i ' in team , but there is ‘ i ' in WIN !
My heroes are and were my parents . I ca n't see having anyone else as my heroes .
The game is my wife . It demands loyalty and responsibility , and it gives me back fulfillment and peace .
I 've always believed that if you put in the work , the results will come .
I 've never been afraid to fail .
I want to wake up every day and do whatever comes in my mind , and not feel pressure or obligations to do anything else in my life .
Jake Shields is an honorary Diaz brother and Saturday he broke out the Stockton Slap .
The former Strikeforce champion and current WSOF fighter slapped opponent A.J . Agazarm after their grappling match Saturday at Polaris in Wales . Agazarm went to shake Shields ' hand and Shields refused . Agazarm pushed Shields with one hand and Shields responded with a slap . The two men had to be separated .
There was a ton of trash talk between the two men leading into the match . Shields accused Agazarm , a former Ohio State wrestler , of gouging his eyes during the bout . The match ended in a draw , though Shields dominated . Polaris is a submission-only event .
`` This guy was talking crap the whole time , gouging my eyes , '' Shields said . I just had my eye gouged for the first time in my life my last fight and now you got this prick doing the same thing . He was bragging yesterday , ' I 'm gon na try and make it a draw , I 'm gon na try to make it a draw . I know I ca n't beat you , but if I can make it a draw I 'm gon na consider that a win . ' Well , congratulations A.J . You 're a bitch . How does it feel to be a pussy and get your draw ? ''
Jake didnt have nice words to say # Polaris3 pic.twitter.com/2L5HPxtTjn — ZombieProphet ( @ ZProphet_MMA ) April 2 , 2016
Shields , 37 , is coming off a loss to Rousimar Palhares at WSOF 22 last August . Palhares gouged Shields ' eyes multiple times in that fight and also held onto a kimura finish too long after the referee stepped in to stop it . Palhares was suspended two years by the Nevada Athletic Commission .
Coincidentally , Palhares also competes Saturday as he ended up in a draw against Garry Tonon .
Shields has been an MMA champion in Strikeforce , Shooto and Elite XC . He fought for the UFC welterweight title against Georges St-Pierre in 2011 . He is a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu under Cesar Gracie and longtime training partner of Nick and Nate Diaz .
Walmart has long been on the cutting edge of logistics and supply-chain management , but the megastore chain is now making headlines in its quest to get data from an entirely new source : the faces of its customers . The largest retailer in the world has applied for a patent for technology that monitors and analyzes patrons ' expressions while they wait in the cashier lines .
The store claims in the patent application that the technology would be implemented for the sake of better customer service , but it 's not hard to foresee this Big Brother-type technology utilized in other manners , including their time spent walking the aisles . Walmart 's stated goal in its patent filing is to improve the experiences of existing customers rather than acquiring new customers using more expensive marketing methods .
“ It is easier to retain existing customers than acquire new ones through advertising . Often , if customer service is inadequate , this fact will not appear in data available to management until many customers have been lost . With so much competition , a customer will often simply go elsewhere rather than take the time to make a complaint . ”
Once an unhappy customer is identified via the technology , store management would be notified automatically so they could address the issue personally .
Not only would Walmart want to keep this filing quiet because of the potential privacy issues with the technology , but also because it suggests a radical and perhaps questionable departure from personal interaction that is so closely tied to traditional customer service efforts . Further , programs such as this may inch closer to a business less dependent on human labor . Walmart is the largest private employer in 19 states , so any reductions in the company 's dependency on people would likely lead to economic and political ramifications in many markets .
For consumers , the decision to stay with Walmart may be as simple as considering the human aspects of customer service against in-store surveillance dependent on cameras and algorithms .
We 'll see where this goes , but it could get very interesting if customers realize that mugging and emoting in the checkout line will result in improved customer service .
Share image by Mike Mozart/Flickr .
FLINT , Michigan ( Reuters ) - The daughter of a 33-year-old Michigan woman who converted to Islam and was killed in fighting in Syria this week insisted on Friday her mother was “ NOT a terrorist , ” although the woman 's father said he had expressed concerns about her to the FBI .
A still image taken from video broadcasted by Syrian TV on May 30 , 2013 , shows a U.S. passport that Syrian TV say belongs to 33-year-old Michigan woman Nicole Mansfield , it claims was killed in Syria while fighting with opposition forces against the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in the country 's civil war , her family said . Video broadcasted May 30 , 2013 . REUTERS/Syrian TV via Reuters TV
Syrian state media said Nicole Mansfield , a single mother from the Midwestern city of Flint , was killed with two others in an ambush by Syrian government forces on an opposition mission in northwestern Syria . Syrian media also showed the passport of a British man , Ali alManasfi , 22 .
Security sources said it was not clear what Mansfield and alManasfi were doing or which rebel group they were with . Insurgents are seeking to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . The conflict has killed more than 80,000 people since March 2011
Gregory Mansfield , Nicole Mansfield 's father , told CNN on Friday that he approached the FBI three years ago after his daughter made remarks about Israel at an Easter family gathering .
“ All I know is that I went to the FBI about my concerns , ” he said . “ And I know they did follow up because they were following her for a while . They needed to revoke her passport , then this would n't be going on . ”
Lindsay Godwin , a spokeswoman at the FBI 's Washington field office , said the FBI “ is looking into the situation that happened in Syria . ”
In a posting on Facebook on Friday , Mansfield 's daughter , Triana Lynn Mansfield , wrote , “ My mother was NOT a terrorist . ”
“ She went there for a reason that is unknown , ” she wrote . “ But believe this-SHE WAS FORCED TO STAY . ”
The woman 's grandmother Carole Mansfield added she was not convinced her granddaughter was in Syria to fight , although she said she had told her , “ You 're looking a rattlesnake in the face ” after she converted to Islam and began wearing a hijab .
“ You never would have thought she 'd be a terrorist , ” Carole Mansfield said .
Known within the family as “ Nikki , ” Nicole Mansfield was a high school dropout and teenage mother who was raised Baptist . Relatives said she appeared lost and wanted a cause to believe in .
In her late 20s , after an unsuccessful marriage , she converted to Islam after meeting Muslims online . She attended a local mosque but never showed signs of radicalism , her family said .
She married a Muslim immigrant after her conversion , but family members said they never met him and Nicole never talked about him .
“ I do n't even think they ever lived together , ” Carole Mansfield said . “ He was a mystery . No one knew anything about him . ”
Syrian state media showed footage on Friday of a dead woman in a full black hijab and a picture of Mansfield 's identification , saying she was part of an extremist rebel group caught in an ambush .
The government-run media said the group was ambushed while exploring a checkpoint and that government forces found weapons on the group and documents , including a sketch of a security building .
Britain 's Guardian newspaper quoted a Syrian army officer as saying it was believed the third person killed was Canadian because his cellphone listed numerous calls to Canada .
‘ JAMES BOND JOURNEY '
There appeared to be little on Friday tying Nicole Mansfield , whom family members described as “ compassionate , stubborn and unusually intelligent , ” to extremist Islamist groups .
Her Pinterest social media account contains as many references to shoes , dogs and other animals as it does to Islam . The Islamic-themed pictures appear moderate and pious .
Mary Ellen O'Toole , a former FBI profiler and a human behavioral expert said , “ Setting aside whether Islamic extremists would even let an American woman take up arms , there are many questions left unanswered at this point . ”
A still image taken from video broadcasted by Syrian TV on May 30 , 2013 , shows a Michigan driving license that Syrian TV say belongs to 33-year-old U.S. citizen Nicole Mansfield , it claims was killed in Syria while fighting with opposition forces against the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in the country 's civil war , her family said . REUTERS/Syrian TV via Reuters TV
“ It 's a huge step going from living in Flint , Michigan , to taking up arms against the Syrian government , ” O'Toole said . “ And there 's a big difference between converting to Islam and going on a James Bond journey into a war zone . ”
Monica Mansfield Speelman , Nicole Mansfield 's aunt , said on Thursday that she was “ just devastated ” when the FBI told her that afternoon her niece was dead .
“ I did n't think she would stoop that low to go over there and try to harm anybody , ” Speelman said .
Clark Gregg ‘ s Phil Coulson has been a near constant within the Marvel Cinematic Universe since his debut in 2008 's Iron Man , the film that kick-started it all . Still , it was n't until 2012 's The Avengers that he truly became a large part of the ever-expanding universe that Marvel Studios set out to create . It was his “ death ” that helped unite the Avengers , and led to the creation of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D . on ABC . Although we 've yet to see him return to the films since the first Avengers film , he 's managed to still play a large role in the films , having helped Fury hide the Helicarrier that was revealed in last year 's Avengers : Age of Ultron . But that does n't mean Gregg is n't hopeful for a return to the films at some point .
While speaking with the folks over at Den of Geek , Gregg talks about what it was like to learn of his character 's death in The Avengers , what it was like to be brought back for S.H.I.E.L.D. , and his desire to make a return to the film side of the marvel Cinematic Universe .
Going into Iron Man , Gregg – and Marvel , for that matter – did n't know at the time what would become of the Phil Coulson character . Originally , the character did n't even have a name , and it seemed like a tiny part in the film that was later fleshed out over time , developing the characters into something much bigger than what Gregg thought . According to Gregg , Jon Favreau , who directed the first two Iron Man films , was a key part in this .
To start at the start – when you signed up for Iron Man , did you have any idea you 'd still be talking about Phil Coulson all these years later ? No… especially in the incarnation when they hired me – his name was literally only ‘ Agent , ' and he only had about three lines . And yet they wanted a three picture deal , which I thought was just ludicrous . Because his name was only Agent ! I knew they were doing that for everybody , because they had plans , and so we finally made that deal . And then , it was very clear that that was all it was going to be . But there was something . There was something about what happened in that scene , and I think by the time I showed up there was a little bit… Maybe Jon Favreau did me a solid… And they kind of beefed up that scene . I think by the time I showed up , he had a name . And yet there was really nothing . Then I remember [ Jon ] pulling me aside and going ‘ are you free ? Are you free right now ? I think they 're adding some more stuff , ' and I was like [ very quickly ] ‘ yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah ! I 'm gon na get free ! ' And every step of the way , as it became this character , people were like ‘ you ca n't have this guy ! He 's not in the comics ! There 's plenty of S.H.I.E.L.D . agents that could be from the comics ! ' And then other people kind-of yelled back at them like ‘ no , we like this guy ! He 's kind of… us ! ' And just , piece by piece , they kept adding stuff for him to do , and movies , and it all kinda culminated in this , you know , magnificent exit at the hands of that Asgardian mischief-making bastard , and I thought that was it ! I was well and truly pleased , and kind of went back to making little indie films , and the stuff I normally do , and then , um , got a call from Joss [ Whedon ] saying ‘ we think you might not be so dead . '
The questions quickly turned over to Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D . and how the show goes about reinventing itself with each season . Gregg attributes this to the writers , and how they manage to keep the show entertaining , but also mentions how its somewhat reflective of the “ binge-watch ” world we 've become used to .
How important do you think it is that the show refreshes like that every few months ? So far we 've had Pre-Winter Solider , Post-Winter Soldier , mid season 2 when the Inhumans show up , and now maybe going towards Secret Warriors… That 's a really good question ! I think it 's because they 've managed to make that a function . Not just a function of the television , of being entertaining , but really a function of what 's happening . You know , we 're a specific part of a very large canvas . And so , the writers have to work , in a way , to not reveal anything that 's going on in the other parts of it , and find a way to make our particular thing standalone . And , it 's funny because it feels organic to me , because it feels like what Coulson 's having to do , at this moment , as the leader of S.H.I.E.L.D. , is to constantly reinvent what they 're doing . To respond to the threats that are going on . It also seems to be , appropriately , a clever way to do television in a world where people binge-watch , and there 's ten episodes of this , and eight episodes of this , and fourteen episodes of this – and we 're doing twenty-two ! So , to kind of survive in that landscape , I think the writers have had to be very nimble and very adaptable .
When asked if there was any character he 'd like to see return – more specifically , that of Amy Acker ‘ s cellist – Gregg seemed enthusiastic about the idea .
Speaking of next season , or series , is there anyone you really want to come back ? Would you want Amy Acker 's cellist to return ? For god 's sakes , yes ! Let Phil Coulson go on a date , he 's all work and no play ! And she 's magnificent , and I love her . I love her as an actress , and just as a person .
The conceit was always that there was business left undone between them . And , err , she 's done a very successful show – Person Of Interest – and she 's brilliant on it . So , I hope that does n't come between us .
As to whether or not we 'll see Coulson make his way back to the films ? Gregg is rather unsure . According to him , there have n't really been talks about it outside of the fans , but he also makes the point that should he return to the films , it needs to be a thought out decision – not one just tossed in there for the sake of it .
Just finally : you mentioned the big Captain America : Civil War movie . Has there been any talk at all bringing Coulson back to the film world ? Just to tell Cap he 's still alive ? I do n't know… I do n't know what talk there has been . It 's certainly something . I 'll you what – there 's a lot of talk about it from fans . The fans seem very concerned about when Coulson 's death will be revealed to some Avengers . And , I certainly understand that , to a certain extent I share it . To be honest , Coulson has his hands very full . Dealing with what he 's dealing with . And I 'm so thrilled to be getting to take this – as we said – small character whose name was Agent , and get to have this level of exploration of him . I think , if I know Marvel , it 's not something that will be done abruptly – it 'll be something that 's really carefully thought out , and a long time coming . It will be , hopefully , satisfying enough that it will justify the wait .
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D . will return to ABC in March to finish the second half of its third season . For now , you can stream the first two seasons on Netflix .
Source : Den of Geek .
Download raw source
Delivered-To : john.podesta @ gmail.com Received : by 10.142.49.14 with SMTP id w14cs278339wfw ; Mon , 6 Oct 2008 06:43:26 -0700 ( PDT ) Received : by 10.114.77.1 with SMTP id z1mr5526772waa.8.1223300606672 ; Mon , 06 Oct 2008 06:43:26 -0700 ( PDT ) Return-Path : < fromanm @ citi.com > Received : from mail.citigroup.com ( mail11.ssmb.com [ 199.67.179.105 ] ) by mx.google.com with ESMTP id 9si6820453yws.5.2008.10.06.06.43.25 ; Mon , 06 Oct 2008 06:43:26 -0700 ( PDT ) Received-SPF : pass ( google.com : domain of fromanm @ citi.com designates 199.67.179.105 as permitted sender ) client-ip=199.67.179.105 ; Authentication-Results : mx.google.com ; spf=pass ( google.com : domain of fromanm @ citi.com designates 199.67.179.105 as permitted sender ) smtp.mail=fromanm @ citi.com Received : from imbarc-ss01.nam.nsroot.net ( imbarc-ss01.ss.ssmb.com [ 135.155.128.166 ] ) by imbaspam-ny05.iplex.ssmb.com ( 8.13.8/8.13.8/SSMB_EXT/ev : 21928 $ ) with ESMTP id m96DhPoq026544 for < john.podesta @ gmail.com > ; Mon , 6 Oct 2008 13:43:25 GMT Received : from mailhub-nyc4-1.ny.ssmb.com ( mailhub-nyc4-1.ny.ssmb.com [ 162.124.152.39 ] ) by imbarc-ss01.nam.nsroot.net ( 8.13.8/8.13.8/SSMB_QQQ_IN/1.1 ) with ESMTP id m96DgUi9009487 for < john.podesta @ gmail.com > ; Mon , 6 Oct 2008 13:42:30 GMT Received : from exnjsm02.nam.nsroot.net ( exnjsm02.nam.nsroot.net [ 150.110.188.173 ] ) by mailhub-nyc4-1.ny.ssmb.com ( 8.13.8/8.13.8/CG_HUB ) with ESMTP id m96DgT23016542 for < john.podesta @ gmail.com > ; Mon , 6 Oct 2008 13:42:29 GMT Received : from exnjmb57.nam.nsroot.net ( [ 169.193.42.64 ] ) by exnjsm02.nam.nsroot.net with Microsoft SMTPSVC ( 5.0.2195.6713 ) ; Mon , 6 Oct 2008 09:42:29 -0400 X-MimeOLE : Produced By Microsoft Exchange V6.0.6619.12 content-class : urn : content-classes : message MIME-Version : 1.0 Content-Type : text/plain ; charset= '' US-ASCII '' Content-Transfer-Encoding : quoted-printable Subject : RE : Lists Date : Mon , 6 Oct 2008 09:42:29 -0400 Message-ID : < 0DA00BFE3116BB4DB975587B3511F4E00557C6C7 @ EXNJMB57.nam.nsroot.net > X-MS-Has-Attach : X-MS-TNEF-Correlator : Thread-Topic : Lists Thread-Index : AcknuEG4E1nqcTULTPihF5/0ouTNCAAAPjzw References : < 0DA00BFE3116BB4DB975587B3511F4E00557C6C5 @ EXNJMB57.nam.nsroot.net > From : `` Froman , Michael B `` < fromanm @ citi.com > To : john.podesta @ gmail.com X-OriginalArrivalTime : 06 Oct 2008 13:42:29.0601 ( UTC ) FILETIME= [ 605E8510:01C927B9 ] X-Scanned-By : MIMEDefang 2.52 on 172.27.136.24 By the way , I 've used a bit of short-hand here . If someone is listed under Justice , they could well be a candidate for another senior legal job ( GC ) at an agency . Similarly , a number of people listed under State could be fungible with other national security agencies , including the NSC staff.=20 -- -- -Original Message -- -- - From : Froman , Michael B [ CAI ] =20 Sent : Monday , October 06 , 2008 9:34 AM To : 'john.podesta @ gmail.com ' Subject : Lists John -- Attached are three documents : -- A list of African American , Latino and Asian American candidates , broken down by Cabinet/Deputy and Under/Assistant/Deputy Assistant level , plus a list of Native American , Arab/Muslim American and Disabled American candidates . We have much longer lists for most of the groups , and the lists will continue to grow as we reach out further and more openly , but these are the names to date that seem to be coming up as recommended by various sources for senior level jobs . ( I have tried to include member of Barack 's campaign and Senate policy staff , as well as participants in the Transition project , as appropriate . ) -- While you did not ask for this , I prepared and attached a similar document on women . -- At the risk of being presumptuous , I also scoped out how the Cabinet-level appointments might be put together , probability-weighting the likelihood of appointing a diverse candidate for each position ( given one view of the short list ) and coming up with a straw man distribution . ( Obviously , multiple permutations of this are possible . This was just one example to show how it might pan out . ) Let me know when you 'd like to discuss . I am around this morning until about 11:30 . -- Mike 212-793-1987
Dems Test Bush 's Pledge to Veto Budget-Busters
If there 's one annual spending measure that nearly every lawmaker has a stake in , it 's the huge labor , health and human services bill . Not only does it bankroll education programs , health services and research benefiting constituents across the nation , the Senate version also has $ 400 million of earmarks for both Democrats and Republicans .
On Tuesday , the Senate passed the bill , which exceeds the president 's budget by almost $ 9 billion .
Democrats are portraying President Bush 's threat to veto this bill as heartless , just as they did when he vetoed expanding health care coverage for low-income children . In an appeal to the voting public , Sen. Robert Menendez ( D-NJ ) put it terms of guns for the war versus butter for the American people .
`` Congress is going to ask the president flat out if you 're worth our support , '' Menendez says . `` And right now , President Bush is saying he 's going to take his pen and write 'N-O , no . ' ''
It 's a fight Democrats seem to relish . They 've cast themselves as champions of domestic priorities , drawing a sharp contrast with a president who is wed to what 's become a widely unpopular war abroad .
The Senate 's No . 2 Democrat , Dick Durbin , says the cost of that war is what President Bush and others who call themselves fiscal conservatives should really be upset about .
`` He 's asking for almost $ 200 billion for this war in Iraq , and quibbling and fighting with us over $ 22 billion so that we can deal with some of the issues we face at home , '' Durbin says . `` We want to make that difference between the president and the Congress very clear . ''
There 's no mystery what 's going on here , says University of Pennsylvania budget expert Donald Kettl . President Bush needs his fellow Republicans in Congress to sustain vetoes , so Kettl says , Democrats have decided to send him bills that could cause considerable pain at the polls for Republicans who side with him .
`` The Democrats are trying very hard to set President Bush up for bills that , on the one hand , he does n't want to sign , but on the other hand , can give them the issues that they want going into next year 's campaign , '' Kettl says .
The question is whether congressional Republicans will continue siding with the president in the brewing spending battle . Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell bets they will .
`` I think there is substantial feeling in my conference — maybe not unanimous but very substantial — that we ought to hold these discretionary accounts to the overall amount that the president requested in order to show some willingness to restrain spending , '' McConnell says .
Yet the White House wants to see more willingness to unleash spending — as long as it 's for the war in Iraq . White House Press Secretary Dana Perino said Tuesday that President Bush wants lawmakers to approve his war funding request by year 's end .
`` The president is going to call on them to get this work done before they leave for the holidays . It 's the least that they could do for the troops , '' Perino said .
Back in Congress , the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee , Democrat David Obey , wo n't be rushed .
`` We can look at it next year , but I have no intention of considering that supplemental this year , '' Obey says . He 's ready to defy President Bush 's many veto threats , but he still thinks the president could prevail in the end .
`` He thinks he can govern this country with one-third plus one , which is enough to sustain any veto , and he thinks that he can run the country with , in essence , a minority government , and he has an advantage in that so long as he 's got enough lemmings in the Congress to follow him over the cliff , '' Obey says .
That might help Democrats win more seats in Congress next year but it also means that in this fight , President Bush could have the upper hand .
Dr Tony Xia was always confident of completing his takeover
New Aston Villa owner Tony Xia has passed the Premier League and Football League 's fit and proper person test , according to Sky sources .
The Chinese businessman , 39 , bought the Sky Bet Championship club in May from American Randy Lerner , who had been looking to sell up since 2014 .
Xia needed to pass the customary test for his takeover of the club to be completed and it is understood on Monday afternoon that he had been given the green light and was in the UK to complete the acquisition of Villa .
Investigations into Xia 's conglomerate , Recon Group , were carried out jointly by the Premier League and Football League as Villa , relegated from the top-flight this season , did not officially become a Championship club until June .
Xia did not foresee any problems and said two weeks ago that there was `` no way , and not any excuse , that they should turn me down because I am a person who is doing everything legally '' .
He added : `` I am enthusiastic for the club and I will devote myself to it and I am responsible to take it over . There is no reason they will disapprove of that . ''
Roberto Di Matteo has taken the reins at Villa Park
Villa had already confirmed the appointment of Roberto Di Matteo as their new manager on a two-year contract on June 3 .
Di Matteo was identified as the preferred choice by the new owner at the time of his takeover .
The 46-year-old Italian won the Champions League with Chelsea in 2012 but has not managed in the second tier of English football since 2009-10 , when he won promotion with West Brom .
Di Matteo revealed Steve Clarke , sacked as Reading boss in December , as his assistant on June 6 .
It 's convenient and a staple in most kitchens , but a lot of canned food still contains a chemical linked to birth defects and cancer , CBS San Francisco reports .
Bisphenol A , or BPA , has been removed from baby products , reusable water bottles and most toys . But the chemical is still being used in a lot of food packaging .
The Center for Environmental Health recently tested more than 250 cans purchased at supermarkets and dollar stores for BPA . Researchers found nearly 40 percent contained the chemical . That 's down from 67 percent two years ago , but the number still concerns some experts .
`` It 's still much too high , '' Charles Margulis of the Center for Environmental Health told CBS News . `` We need to get it down to zero . ''
BPA is used in the linings of cans , but some studies show that low levels of the chemical can seep into the food .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration says BPA is safe at the current levels occurring in food . But the state of California recently added BPA to its Proposition 65 list as a chemical known to cause reproductive toxicity .
Margulis says there are a variety of potential health concerns .
`` BPA is known to cause birth defects , and it 's also linked to breast cancer , obesity and many other serious health problems , '' he said .
Margulis also pointed out that low-income Americans may be most at risk .
The study found more than half the cans purchased at 99 Cents Only contained BPA .
`` In many areas , dollar stores are the only places people can go for fruits and vegetables , '' said Margulis .
His advice is for consumers buy fresh fruits and vegetables and organic items when possible .
A number of major food manufacturers have either taken BPA out of their products or are in the process of doing so . Some companies have even added labels to their products letting consumers know they are BPA-free .
The supermarkets whose cans were tested for the study told CBS News that they are working with manufacturers to phase BPA out of all the cans in their stores .
The Dollar Store and 99 Cent Store did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the study .
Chivalry is dead : it 's a statement you 've probably heard a lot in the last few days with Ashley Madison and seemingly endless reports of domestic violence .
But for one little gentleman named Randy at the St. Louis Language Immersion School , it 's alive and well , and he 's today 's shining example of it .
When a little female classmate 's shoe came untied , it was Randy to the rescue . While the little guy is n't curing cancer or saving lives , he was captured in the sweet pose you see below being kind to a fellow student , and that 's worth it 's own special honors , right ?
The image was shared to the school 's Facebook page , and later picked up by Karla Redditte , a popular news anchor for NBC12 in Richmond , Virginia .
Her sharing of the post has gone viral in just a few days with close to 20,000 likes , more than 8,100 shares , and around 1,800 comments at the time of this post .
It 's also been picked up by various popular websites , like Opposing Views , where it has picked up 8,100 likes and counting .
Redditte , who shoulders a lot of the responsibility for this image 's popularity , had the following to say .
“ This is a picture of little Randy , who is in 1st grade , stopping to help his classmate tie her shoe at the St. Louis Language Immersion School . His mom posted this picture on the school 's Facebook page . It simply shows there are still true ladies and gentlemen in this world , willing to help each other succeed . ( Kudos to Randy 's parents for a job well done . ) ”
Other commenters agreed that Randy just blew the whole “ chivalry is dead ” meme out of the water .
“ This is what I call the ordinary hero , the one 's that we can all be… I love this pic , ” wrote one commenter .
Echoing what many of you are probably feeling looking at the image , Facebook user Pat Miller had this to say .
“ We need positive news ! I wish the media would devote 5 minutes each broadcast to good news . ”
“ Yes there is some good everywhere in some people , ” adds Margaret Hicks . “ This little fellow is a perfect example . Thank God . ”
According to the website 's page , “ the St. Louis Language Immersion Schools Inc. is a federal non-profit organization that operates a network of independent charter public schools in St. Louis , MO . ”
The schools aim to “ position all children for success in local and global economies through holistic , intellectually inspiring language immersion programs . ”
The first two SLLIS schools were opened in 2009 . These were the French School and Spanish School . The Chinese School followed in 2012 . Each school started with kindergarten and first grade students , and will grow to accept fifth grade students , as well .
So what do you think , readers ? Is it fair to say that Randy is evidence against the “ chivalry is dead ” meme ? Sounds off in the comments section .
[ Image via Facebook , linked above ]
Steve Bannon , the ousted White House chief strategist , is reportedly considering starting a television network which would allow him to `` go nuclear '' as he settles vendettas with moderate advisers in the White House and pressures President Donald Trump to pursue a populist agenda of economic nationalism .
Allies of Mr Bannon compared him to a `` tiger freed from his cage , '' suggesting things would get `` ugly '' as he targets the Republican establishment and what he calls `` West Wing Democrats '' .
The departure of Mr Bannon came amid one of Mr Trump 's worst weeks as president .
He and first lady Melania Trump decided not to participate in the annual Kennedy Center Honours event celebrating American culture after a backlash from those being honoured . The White House said the first couple were pulling out to `` allow the honourees to celebrate without any political distraction '' .
Stray bullet hits CA boy while he was skateboarding
An 11-year-old boy on a skateboard was wounded when a man who was cleaning his rifle accidentally fired a shot and hit the boy , San Diego police said . The boy was shot in the hand while skateboarding with friends near the pool at an apartment complex Saturday , police Lt. Dan Sullivan said . The boy was airlifted to a hospital and is expected to recover . Officers searched until they found a man who admitted discharging the round . He told them he was cleaning his .223-caliber rifle and a round went off accidentally . The Los Angeles Times reported police detained the gun owner for questioning . Sullivan said detectives will decide whether or not to arrest the man after questioning . The newspaper reported there was a bullet hole through a side wall of a first-floor apartment facing the pool .
An 11-year-old boy on a skateboard was wounded when a man who was cleaning his rifle accidentally fired a shot and hit the boy , San Diego police said .
The boy was shot in the hand while skateboarding with friends near the pool at an apartment complex Saturday , police Lt. Dan Sullivan said .
Advertisement
The boy was airlifted to a hospital and is expected to recover .
Officers searched until they found a man who admitted discharging the round . He told them he was cleaning his .223-caliber rifle and a round went off accidentally .
The Los Angeles Times reported police detained the gun owner for questioning . Sullivan said detectives will decide whether or not to arrest the man after questioning .
The newspaper reported there was a bullet hole through a side wall of a first-floor apartment facing the pool .
AlertMe
0
About half an hour ago , the audience in Hall H got an unexpected trailer . In an open , alien-looking desert , a human warrior seemingly stands alone . He drinks the last water from a skein , and drops it on the ground . He draws a magnificent sword , and steps forward to examine the bones of a fallen soldier . He picks up a fancy-looking shield . He begins circling around , facing off an unseen enemy . The camera pulls back and reveals…an orc wielding a giant battle axe . The two continue to circle each other . Then they charge forward , screaming at each other , and the final shot is the orc leaping in the air , bringing down the axe , and we cut to black . Then the title comes up : WARCRAFT . The crowd goes wild . This is the kind of fun surprise that Comic-Con can provide , and Legendary in particular has become so adept at providing . Hit the jump for more .
Legendary Pictures Founder and CEO Thomas Tull comes on stage to then introduce director Duncan Jones ( Moon ) . Jones then comes on stage to share his love for the video game World of Warcraft , and is glad that he played the game before making the movie because if it were the other way around , he would never get around to making the movie because the game is so addictive . Unfortunately , this was an announcement panel , and the trailer was only a mood piece . Jones finishes out the announcement by telling the audience that filming will begin in early 2014 .
Click here for all our Comic-Con coverage
An earlier headline on this story incorrectly stated that Pat Robertson had excused the lewd video . This version has been corrected .
Christian Broadcasting Network founder Pat Robertson said on his show that Donald Trump 's talk of sexual assault in a lewd video released on Friday was “ macho ” talk .
On his “ 700 Club ” show on Monday , he said the pundits are writing Trump off , but Robertson declared the Republican presidential nominee the winner of Sunday night 's debate . He joins leaders like Liberty University president Jerry Falwell Jr. and Focus on the Family founder and Family Talk host James Dobson in standing by Trump after his comments .
Robertson , a televangelist and onetime GOP presidential candidate , is seen as a member of the historic religious right , leaders of older generations of conservative evangelicals who have led conservative religious voters to vote mostly with the Republican Party . Some observers have declared Trump 's candidacy to be the end of the religious right , citing young evangelicals ' dissatisfaction with the movement .
[ ‘ We 're all sinners ' : Jerry Falwell Jr defends Donald Trump after video of lewd remarks ]
During his show , Robertson argued that Trump was like the mythical phoenix , a bird that is reborn , because he had performed well at the debate after the video was leaked . In that leaked video , Trump said he could grab women “ by the p–––– ” without their permission because he was a star .
“ Let 's face it . A guy does something 11 years ago , there was a conversation in Hollywood where he 's trying to look like he 's macho , ” Robertson said on his show , as first reported by Raw Story . “ And 11 years after that , they surface it from The Washington Post to whatever , bring it out within 30 days or so of the election and this is supposed to be the death blow and everybody writes him off , ‘ Okay , he 's dead , now you better get to get out of the way and let Mike Pence run the campaign . ' ”
“ The Donald says no , ” he continued . “ He 's like the phoenix . They think he 's dead , he 's come back . And he came back strong . So , he won that debate . ”
The Washington Post 's David Fahrenthold obtained the video and broke the story on Friday .
In this video from 2005 , Donald Trump prepares for an appearance on `` Days of Our Lives '' with actress Arianne Zucker . He is accompanied to the set by `` Access Hollywood '' host Billy Bush . The Post has edited this video for length . ( Obtained by The Washington Post )
“ The next [ debate ] we 'll see what happens , ” Robertson said . “ But in the meantime , he speaks to adoring thousands wherever he goes . ”
After Bill Clinton 's Monica Lewinsky scandal , Robertson told those at a conference in 1998 that Clinton should be impeached . He accused Clinton of turning the Oval Office into a “ playpen for the sexual freedom of the poster child of the 1960s ” and called Clinton a “ debauched , debased and defamed ” leader , according to the Associated Press .
For decades , Robertson , 86 , has been an influential leader among evangelicals , especially among charismatic Christians , and he founded Regent University . Robertson 's past remarks , including a claim that the 2010 earthquake in Haiti was God 's judgment , have drawn controversy even among evangelicals . He once suggested — and later retracted — that it would be understandable for someone to divorce a spouse who has Alzheimer 's .
Trump 's candidacy , however , has divided evangelicals , who have no formal hierarchy or spokespeople . Some politically involved evangelical leaders continued to back Trump after the video leak , while a prominent theologian , Wayne Grudem , pulled back his support Sunday , and other leaders , such as Russell Moore , Max Lucado and Albert Mohler , continued to condemn the nominee .
[ In a stunning reversal , theologian pulls back support from Donald Trump ]
Want more stories about faith ? Follow Acts of Faith on Twitter or sign up for our newsletter .
Donald Trump 's pastor problem : 40 percent of Protestant ministers are still undecided
The deep disgust for Hillary Clinton that drives so many evangelicals to support Trump
If Donald Trump has done anything , he has snuffed out the Religious Right
Bollywood movie paints Melbourne as racist
Updated
A new Bollywood movie which portrays Melburnians as violent , racist bogans has been met with scathing reviews by Indians living in Australia and overseas .
The plot for Crook : It 's Good To Be Bad centres on an Indian criminal who comes to Australia on a false passport and gets caught up in a race row .
It also portrays Melbourne as a city rife with violence and Australians as `` beer-guzzling '' men and pole-dancing women .
Gautam Gupta from the Federation of Indian Students , which is based in Melbourne , says the movie could not have come at a worse time , after four Victorian Police officers were sacked for circulating an email depicting an Indian man being electrocuted .
`` I just wish the producers had done some more research and the timing of the movie is absolutely unfortunate , '' he said .
`` Coming off the back of the racist emails the police are talking about and then this movie comes out . ''
Mr Gupta told ABC News Online the movie shows stabbings taking place in a 7-Eleven and implies that violence is an everyday occurrence in Melbourne .
But he says that is not the way Indians view Australians and there is little risk of it reigniting tensions which led to the attacks against Indian students last year .
`` What they have shown is what any Hollywood and Bollywood movie would and that is taken an issue and show the extreme side of it , '' he said .
`` What we should be worried about is the police emails ; they are the ones that are going to do damage . It 's just a movie ; no-one cares about it - in fact it 's a flop in India .
`` How do Indians view Australians ? We should ask the cricketers who are in India six months a year .
`` Indians know Australians as a cricket-playing nation ... Ask Brett Lee what country he has the biggest fan following in .
`` There are a lot of emotions in the community and people are not thinking rationally . One movie should not be made the basis of anything . ''
Reviews in India have been blistering , with many people claiming it portrays the worst stereotypes .
`` It displays beer-guzzling Australians and scotch-gulping Punjabis - stereotypes galore ! The film is filled with unnecessary jokes that are attempting to add a light essence to the film but falls flat because it makes the film look even more tactless than it already is , '' said a review on Bollyspice.com .
`` The plot is far too superficial and leaves you questioning the motive of the film . ''
`` The film tries to pack in every sensational aspect of racism that is possible . There 's a white woman who pole dances and sleeps with ( the male lead ) with equal fervour , '' said an India Today review .
`` Naturally she is blonde and has big you-know-whats . There is an Australian man , her brother , Russell , who goes around hitting and bullying Indians . There is no other word for it . It 's terrible . More than that , it is badly directed . ''
Mr Gupta says the situation in Melbourne has improved greatly since the riots last year .
`` I must praise ( Victorian Police Commissioner ) Simon Overland . After a long time I can see he 's done a very good job and has been unfairly criticised , '' he said .
`` He 's done some things I would say that were unwanted , like making statements that Indians should look as poor as they can , but that 's now behind us .
`` It 's very difficult to try to change the culture of an institution and ... I support him 100 per cent in that endeavour . ''
Topics : film-movies , arts-and-entertainment , community-and-society , race-relations , crime , melbourne-3000 , australia , vic , india
First posted
President-elect Donald Trump speaks at an event in Cincinnati . In a series of posts on Twitter , Trump warned that businesses could face tariffs on returning goods if jobs are sent overseas . ( Evan Vucci/AP )
President-elect Donald Trump on Sunday issued a dramatic warning to companies that they would face “ retribution ” in the form of tariffs if they move American jobs overseas , setting up a collision with corporate America and the free-market wing of the Republican Party .
In a string of early-morning tweets , Trump said he intends to keep jobs in the United States by lowering taxes for companies and slashing regulations , two key components of his economic agenda . But he also warned that companies that send jobs offshore would face a 35 percent tariff on goods sold back to the United States .
“ Any business that leaves our country for another country , fires its employees , builds a new factory or plant in the other country , and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. . . . without retribution or consequence , is WRONG ! ” Trump wrote on Twitter .
The threat marked perhaps the clearest sign yet since the election that Trump has not abandoned the controversial economic positions he adopted during the campaign . In addition to vowing to hit American companies with severe consequences if they imperil American jobs as a candidate , he pledged to tear up trade agreements and tag products from countries such as China and Mexico with tariffs if those nations continue to take American jobs .
[ Trump says direct negotiation with Carrier was ‘ very presidential ' ]
The comments set up a clash with Republicans who have long argued in favor of free trade and against excessive intrusion by government into the affairs of businesses .
Sen. Ben Sasse ( R-Neb . ) , a frequent Trump critic , argued that a 35 percent tariff would be passed along to American consumers in the form of higher prices .
“ Pres-Elect Trump means well . But wo n't his 35 % tariff idea raise prices on American families ? How would it not be a new 35 % tax on families ? ” Sasse wrote on Twitter .
A conservative advocacy group , the Club for Growth , said that it favors Trump 's proposals on tax and regulatory changes but warned of the consequences of cutting off trade .
“ We think it 's bad economic policy . It 'll cost more American jobs than it saves , ” said former Indiana congressman David M. McIntosh , the head of the Club for Growth . “ Therefore it needs to be stopped . ”
Trump 's threat Sunday also put American companies in an extraordinarily difficult position . Offshoring has been a key element of corporate America 's strategy in recent decades , and major lobbying groups have been defenders of trade agreements . But groups stood nearly silent on Sunday , potentially worried about drawing the wrath of the president-elect .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce , the nation 's largest business lobby , declined to directly respond to Trump 's comments but signaled that it has not budged in its opposition to tariffs .
President-elect Donald Trump on Dec. 1 celebrated a deal that will keep jobs at a Carrier plant in Indianapolis and announced that he chose retired Marine Gen. James N. Mattis for secretary of defense . ( Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post )
“ We are not going to comment on Trump 's comments directly , but in general , the Chamber has always called for pro-growth policies that help American companies succeed globally and welcome foreign investment within our borders , ” said Blair Latoff Holmes , a spokeswoman for the group .
She pointed to a recent Fox Business Network interview in which the Chamber 's chief economist said that tariffs are “ self-destructive . ”
Last week , Trump made clear he would intervene in specific situations in which companies are considering moving work overseas . Last week he traveled to an Indiana factory owned by furnace and air-conditioner manufacturer Carrier to champion a deal to keep about 800 jobs in the United States . To much criticism , Carrier had planned to move them to Mexico .
[ Why Trump gets more hype out of 1,000 jobs than Obama did out of 16 million ]
On Sunday , Vice President-elect Mike Pence said that Trump would continue the extraordinary interventions , working on deals with such companies “ on a day-by-day basis . ”
Although Trump would be able to follow through on some of his threats without congressional approval — for example , declaring China a currency manipulator and launching a renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement — it 's not clear whether he could penalize companies broadly for moving jobs overseas without congressional authorization .
Gary Clyde Hufbauer , a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics , a think tank that regularly supports proposed trade deals , predicted that Trump would face legal obstacles if he tries to impose tariffs on individual companies unilaterally .
“ This would be , in my way of thinking , a real intrusion of congressional powers over foreign commerce , ” Hufbauer said . “ We 've never had this kind of policy before , so he 's on novel ground . ”
During the past few decades , the prevailing view in the Republican Party has been to favor free-trade deals and oppose tariffs . House Speaker Paul D. Ryan ( Wis. ) , for instance , has argued against the government “ picking winners and losers . ”
Spokesmen for Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) offered no comment on Sunday .
In his interview with ABC 's “ This Week With George Stephanopoulos , ” Pence rejected the idea that Trump will be picking winners and losers .
“ What the president-elect did with Carrier was simply reach out , one American to another , and just ask them to reconsider , ” Pence said . “ He told them , we 're going to do exactly what we said we would do in this campaign , we 're going to make the American economy more competitive , we 're going to get tougher and smarter on trade deals . ”
Tom Davis , a former Virginia Republican congressman , said that Trump is realigning cultural and economic issues and the way voters have historically associated them with the two parties . But he predicted Republicans leaders would n't instantly fall in line behind him .
“ I do n't think it happens overnight . It 's evolutionary , it 's not revolutionary . You 'll see more and more Republicans move to align on the trade issue with Trump , especially in the rural areas , ” said Davis , who described himself as an “ avid free trader . ”
Trump celebrated the Carrier deal — in which Indiana promised to provide Carrier about $ 7 million in incentives , while the company would invest $ 16 million in the factory over the next two years — with a tour of the factory last week , followed by a rally in Cincinnati to kick off his “ thank you ” tour .
On the stump , Trump espoused an aggressively protectionist stance toward international trade , and his skepticism of the benefits of globalization resonated with many middle-class voters who bore the brunt of its downside . Even some leading liberal Democrats acknowledged that his elements of economic message broke through with working-class voters and opened up the possibility of working with him on shared areas of interest .
But since his election , his advisers have softened some of his most heated rhetoric . Trump 's picks for treasury secretary , Steven Mnuchin , and commerce secretary , Wilbur Ross , said that they would pursue bilateral trade agreements with other countries but remained wary of sweeping regional deals . Ross also said that blanket double-digit tariffs on goods from Mexico and China — which many economists warned could spark a damaging trade war — would be used only as a last resort .
Still , Trump 's social-media message on Sunday served as a signal that the Trump who appeared on the campaign trail at raucous rallies and boasted about his ability to shake up Washington is n't going away .
“ Please be forewarned prior to making a very . . . expensive mistake ! ” Trump wrote on Twitter . He continued , in all capital letters , “ THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS ! ”
Turkey seizes 13 tons of drugs in international waters
ANKARA
Turkey has seized at least 13 tons of drugs in powdered form from a Bolivia-registered ship in its first-ever anti-narcotics operation in international waters near Libya 's Tobruk Port.The operation , “ the Albatros Campaign , ” was launched after the Counter-Smuggling and Organized Crime Department of the Turkish police received a tip that a Bolivian ship was involved in drug trafficking on international waters.The department contacted the Turkish Coast Guard Command , which determined the ship 's location on Jan. 3 and began pursuing it with a plane and a ship.The vessel was seized in international waters – 55 nautical miles off Tobruk and 322 miles off of Turkey – late on Jan. 5 , with security forces recovering 13 tons of marijuana from it.Umut and Yaşam , the two Coast Guard vessels used in the operation , did not deploy any guns , but only pressurized water.The anti-narcotics department detained the suspects , who resisted for five hours , after which the vessel was sent on its way to Turkey ahead of a probe by prosecutors.Pulled by a tugboat , the vessel will be taken to the southern port of Mersin or Marmaris in the southwest , said the police.The operation was successful despite bad weather conditions in the Mediterranean Sea , the officials said.The police said the vessel 's power was shut down and communication channels deactivated ahead of the operation to prevent outside contact.Turkey was authorized to conduct the operation following approval from the Turkish Interior Ministry and authorization from the Bolivian government in line with both countries ' responsibilities stemming from the 1988 United Nations Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances.The anti-drug operation was Turkey 's first security operation in international waters for years , the Interior Ministry said , adding that the amount of drugs seized was the largest ever in a single operation.The Turkis Navy had conducted a broad drug operation on the Kısmetim-1 and Lucky S vessels 22 years ago .
“ Cast your mind back 20 years and who would have thought this was possible ? ” said Edward Feigenbaum , a Stanford University computer scientist and a pioneer in the field .
In its “ Jeopardy ! ” project , I.B.M . researchers were tackling a game that requires not only encyclopedic recall , but also the ability to untangle convoluted and often opaque statements , a modicum of luck , and quick , strategic button pressing .
The contest , which was taped in January here at the company 's T. J. Watson Research Laboratory before an audience of I.B.M . executives and company clients , played out in three televised episodes concluding Wednesday . At the end of the first day , Watson was in a tie with Brad Rutter , another ace human player , at $ 5,000 each , with Mr. Jennings trailing with $ 2,000 .
But on the second day , Watson went on a tear . By night 's end , Watson had a commanding lead with a total of $ 35,734 , compared with Mr. Rutter 's $ 10,400 and Mr. Jennings 's $ 4,800 .
Victory was not cemented until late in the third match , when Watson was in Nonfiction . “ Same category for $ 1,200 , ” it said in a manufactured tenor , and lucked into a Daily Double . Mr. Jennings grimaced .
Even later in the match , however , had Mr. Jennings won another key Daily Double it might have come down to Final Jeopardy , I.B.M . researchers acknowledged .
The final tally was $ 77,147 to Mr. Jennings 's $ 24,000 and Mr. Rutter 's $ 21,600 .
More than anything , the contest was a vindication for the academic field of artificial intelligence , which began with great promise in the 1960s with the vision of creating a thinking machine and which became the laughingstock of Silicon Valley in the 1980s , when a series of heavily financed start-up companies went bankrupt .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Despite its intellectual prowess , Watson was by no means omniscient . On Tuesday evening during Final Jeopardy , the category was U.S. Cities and the clue was : “ Its largest airport is named for a World War II hero ; its second largest for a World War II battle . ”
Watson drew guffaws from many in the television audience when it responded “ What is Toronto ? ? ? ? ? ”
The string of question marks indicated that the system had very low confidence in its response , I.B.M . researchers said , but because it was Final Jeopardy , it was forced to give a response . The machine did not suffer much damage . It had wagered just $ 947 on its result . ( The correct answer is , `` What is Chicago ? '' )
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ We failed to deeply understand what was going on there , ” said David Ferrucci , an I.B.M . researcher who led the development of Watson . “ The reality is that there 's lots of data where the title is U.S. cities and the answers are countries , European cities , people , mayors . Even though it says U.S. cities , we had very little confidence that that 's the distinguishing feature . ”
The researchers also acknowledged that the machine had benefited from the “ buzzer factor . ”
Both Mr. Jennings and Mr. Rutter are accomplished at anticipating the light that signals it is possible to “ buzz in , ” and can sometimes get in with virtually zero lag time . The danger is to buzz too early , in which case the contestant is penalized and “ locked out ” for roughly a quarter of a second .
Watson , on the other hand , does not anticipate the light , but has a weighted scheme that allows it , when it is highly confident , to hit the buzzer in as little as 10 milliseconds , making it very hard for humans to beat . When it was less confident , it took longer to buzz in . In the second round , Watson beat the others to the buzzer in 24 out of 30 Double Jeopardy questions .
“ It sort of wants to get beaten when it does n't have high confidence , ” Dr. Ferrucci said . “ It does n't want to look stupid . ”
Both human players said that Watson 's button pushing skill was not necessarily an unfair advantage . “ I beat Watson a couple of times , ” Mr. Rutter said .
When Watson did buzz in , it made the most of it . Showing the ability to parse language , it responded to , “ A recent best seller by Muriel Barbery is called ‘ This of the Hedgehog , ' ” with “ What is Elegance ? ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It showed its facility with medical diagnosis . With the answer : “ You just need a nap . You do n't have this sleep disorder that can make sufferers nod off while standing up , ” Watson replied , “ What is narcolepsy ? ”
The coup de grâce came with the answer , “ William Wilkenson 's ‘ An Account of the Principalities of Wallachia and Moldavia ' inspired this author 's most famous novel. ” Mr. Jennings wrote , correctly , Bram Stoker , but realized that he could not catch up with Watson 's winnings and wrote out his surrender .
Both players took the contest and its outcome philosophically .
“ I had a great time and I would do it again in a heartbeat , ” said Mr. Jennings . “ It 's not about the results ; this is about being part of the future . ”
For I.B.M. , the future will happen very quickly , company executives said . On Thursday it plans to announce that it will collaborate with Columbia University and the University of Maryland to create a physician 's assistant service that will allow doctors to query a cybernetic assistant . The company also plans to work with Nuance Communications Inc. to add voice recognition to the physician 's assistant , possibly making the service available in as little as 18 months .
“ I have been in medical education for 40 years and we 're still a very memory-based curriculum , ” said Dr. Herbert Chase , a professor of clinical medicine at Columbia University who is working with I.B.M . on the physician 's assistant . “ The power of Watson- like tools will cause us to reconsider what it is we want students to do . ”
I.B.M . executives also said they are in discussions with a major consumer electronics retailer to develop a version of Watson , named after I.B.M . 's founder , Thomas J. Watson , that would be able to interact with consumers on a variety of subjects like buying decisions and technical support .
Dr. Ferrucci sees none of the fears that have been expressed by theorists and science fiction writers about the potential of computers to usurp humans .
“ People ask me if this is HAL , ” he said , referring to the computer in “ 2001 : A Space Odyssey. ” “ HAL 's not the focus ; the focus is on the computer on ‘ Star Trek , ' where you have this intelligent information seek dialogue , where you can ask follow-up questions and the computer can look at all the evidence and tries to ask follow-up questions . That 's very cool . ”
The Vote Leave campaign has issued a stark warning that if Transylvania joins the EU , then the UK could find itself ‘ overrun ' with vampires .
“ It 's just simple numbers , ” said Michael Gove .
“ Transylvania has millions of vampires , and if we remain in the EU then we are putting out the welcome mat and Britain – which has been largely vampire-free since the 1800s – could be overrun with them .
“ And that 's just vampires ; we have n't even started doing the maths on Frankensteins , werewolves , and Mummies .
“ Simply put , the only way to guarantee that you and your family wo n't have your blood drained by a hellish creature of the night is to vote for Brexit .
“ And steer clear of Theresa May , obviously . ”
The argument found favour with some members of the public .
“ Yeah , I support leaving the EU , ” said leaf measurer Simon Williams .
“ The problem with the ‘ In ' campaign is that it 's just a load of mad , hysterical stuff about the economy collapsing , and Europe going to war but they 're not saying anything about what matters to real people , like vampires and that . ”
The Remain campaign have yet to respond but will almost certainly issue the statement – ‘ we 're not in the Schengen Zone , so we 've got the best of both worlds ' , as they have done in response to any and all concerns about immigration since the campaign began .
Get your funny EU referendum tees HERE
This post is inspired by Jack : ) I mean , it was floating around in my space since the beginning as a hunch that I can not get rid of , but Jack catalyzes the materialization process .
So , I was chatting with Jack on Twitter , and I was curious about his background and he said he does a bunch of computer science stuff and he interests in mathematics also . I thought for a while and I told him that , I may not be able to truly tell why , but I have this feeling that the minds that are fascinated by game theory would also find interest in computer stuff . Actually , von Neumann actively engaged in both anyway .
* * *
I believe that this surface is the outer most level of reality : the linear time and the three dimensional plane that we are living on and technically be constrained on . On this surface , many things seem to be solidly apart . For example , you and I are separated beings with tangible physical boundaries ( i.e . our skin ) that we can not cross ( yet ) to be able to comprehend ( through our senses ) what it means to be another being . So we end up operating our body vessel and navigating this world alone in our brain . That is the undeniable fact of the world as we know it , the world we are living right now .
However , as we dive deeper toward the Source , there would be this sacred connection that ties us - humanity and universe - altogether .
To the spirit of that Oneness , today I write about decision theory : )
1 . The construction of a preference
Decision theory is the theory about how individual makes their decision . The central notion of this theory is the concept of a preference . To the point that I would claim : I prefer , therefore I am . I believe that the hallucinating experience of life starts when you start to know to prefer . In other words , at the beginning , God says : let there be preference .
At this point , let 's say some side words on maths . So far I have been resisting to speak in mathematic language , because I was afraid it would deter you . Now I think that we are at the point of crossing that myth - the myth that mathematics is something detached from life . No , mathematics is life .
Back on track ,
In his lectures on microeconomics , Ariel Rubinstein says that a preference is a mental attitude toward alternatives .
The attitude toward alternatives is what you feel like about them . When you have different objects , it would be neat if you can have a complete structure of how you feel about them . Which means that you can find clarity in putting them into relationship with each other .
Building blocks
Let 's firstly summon the objects . Say we have different objects x , y and z and many others . These objects are distinct , so we call them alternatives . By calling them alternatives , we expand the capability of our theory . Alternatives can be different scenarios or different whatevers . The subject of our choice does not have to be an object . We can choose between two life paths , and we call them alternative x and alternative y .
Second let 's define a set . We put these alternatives into a basket X . And this basket X is a set . A set is a collection of distinct objects , and can be considered an object in its own right . These objects in the set are called elements of the set .
After having the alternatives in the set , we can naturally think of a structure of how I feel about these elements in the set . And this structure is called a relation R. If we know element x and element y in set X and we know they have some kind of relationship with each other , we can say x R y .
Pushing the vague intuition of `` how I feel about these '' to its limit , a preference structure is about comparing between two elements . It should be our starting point . There is no meaning in having a preference structure that can compare only one object . Of course you can have it . It just does not create fascinating stuff right now . You can also have a preference structure that compare three objects each time . It is just a bit too complicated and there is a more viable and parsimonious solution of defining a preference structure that compare things in pairs . I can not explain any more . Boh . This universe works this way .
So we settle with the agreement that a preference is a binary relation . Binary is something that has two values . A binary relation is something that can put order between two things . I take this definition from the famous book of Andreu Mas-Colell :
We denote the preference relation by the symbol R. Technically , R is a binary relation on the set of alternatives X , allowing the comparison of pairs of alternatives x , y in X .
We read x R y as `` x is at least as good as y '' .
Let 's practise using these new mathematical symbols we just learned , so that we can force some new neural pathways to be formed hence over time it would get less painful to speak maths : ) If I say I have a preference R over the set X , it means that you can take out two objects in the basket X and I can tell you the relationship between these two objects in my mental mind . In other words , I can tell you my comparison of them . By the way , my comparison of them is that `` x is at least as good as y '' .
2 . The rationality requirement of a preference
Now I can have many preference structures over the set X . For example , I can have a broken preference S over X . Which means that if you take out x and y in the basket X , I can compare them ( i.e . I can say x S y ) . But when you take out y and z in X , I do not know what to say about them . I go `` error ! '' . Or in the words of computer scientists , I throw an exception .
It would be neat , you might think , to have a good preference over set X . A preference that is at least not broken . A preference that I do not have to throw a violent Vaffancul * * . At this point you can have a vague idea that a good preference has to be able to respond to all the pairs in the basket X . Which means that , if I take out any pair of objects from the basket X , you have to be able to say something . If I take objects from outside basket X , then you can stay silent it is fine .
This kind of requirement is called completeness .
A preference is complete when it is possible to say x R y for any x and y in X .
A second requirement is that a good preference structure should have some sort of logical deduction in itself . For example , if I am able to tell the relationship between x and y ( x R y ) , and then I tell the relation between y and z ( y R z ) , you might expect that at least I should be able to tell the relation between x and z ( x R z ) , given that x , y and z are all in basket X .
This condition is called transitivity .
For all x , y and z in X , if x R y and y R z , then x R z .
In brief , a complete and transitive preference is called a rational preference .
Now we have a rational preference , what to do with it ? To rank the alternatives . We rank'em all ! And we rank them neatly . Let 's say I may prefer x a little bit more than y . So I can rank object x over object y . With this prefer-ence , you can actually rank all alternatives in a well-defined structure , as long as they belong in the basket X . Which means that you can spill out the whole set X , and start to arrange them into a ranking table . And you would be able to rank all of them . Nothing breaks . Completeness condition makes sure that you are able to rank between any two objects . And transitivity assures that a cyclic ranking can not happen . A cyclic ranking is the following : you prefer x over y , you prefer y over z , but then you prefer z over x . If the transitivity condition is not policing all over the place , this cycle can happen and you can not put x , y and z into the ranking table in the classic manner of a ranking structure . Except when you create the possibility for the ranking structure to hold a cyclic state ( * ) .
( * ) which does not sound too bad , in fact it actually sounds good to me , but it is the topic of an extension .
3 . Some property
Does this kind of structure remind you of something ? Does it feel familiar ? Does it feel like the set N of natural numbers ? Yes . But there is a difference . The distances between consecutive natural numbers are all equal , and equal one unit . Therefore the distance between two natural numbers count . For example , the distance between 4 and 10 ( which is 6 ) is double the distance between 0 and 3 ( which is 3 ) . On the contradistinction , the distances between consecutive objects in the ranking table created by a rational preference do not count . So it means that x can be above y , but it does not matter how much above . It is above . Then y can be above z , so we know x is above z but we do not know how much x is above z . The only information we know is that it is above .
This is called ordinal property . We would talk about ordinal and cardinal later . Oh my God too long tired ..
Jesse Leroy Matthew Jr. , the suspect charged with abduction with intent to defile in connection with Hannah Graham 's disappearance , has been arrested . At a press conference Wednesday evening , Charlottesville police announced he was arrested in Galveston County , Texas .
According to the Galveston County Sheriff 's Office , Matthew was arrested on the beach in Gilchrist on the Bolivar Peninsula around 3:30 p.m. central time Wednesday . Someone reported a suspicious person camping in a tent on the beach . A Galveston deputy ran the license plate on the person 's car and realized it was Matthew 's sister 's light blue Nissan Sentra , which he was driving when he fled police Saturday . Police say he did not resist arrest Wednesday .
The extradition process is underway , and investigators from Charlottesville will go to Galveston Thursday . Matthew is expected to go before a judge Thursday morning .
The reward for information on Hannah Graham , an 18-year-old , University of Virginia second-year student who has n't been seen since September 13 , has reached $ 100,000 .
At a press conference Tuesday , Charlottesville police announced the abduction with intent to defile charge . Matthew was already charged with two counts of reckless driving .
Police believe he was the last person seen with Graham the night she disappeared . Graham was last seen on surveillance video on Charlottesville 's downtown mall between the hours of 1 a.m. and 2 a.m. on September 13 .
UVA spokesperson Anthony de Bruyn confirmed Wednesday that Matthew , who has been employed as a nursing assistant at the UVA Medical Center since August 2012 , has been suspended without pay as a result of the criminal charge filed Tuesday .
The Covenant School also confirmed Wednesday that Matthew is no longer associated with the school in any capacity . Matthew was a part-time volunteer with the school 's football team . The school released a letter to Covenant School parents Tuesday regarding Matthew 's involvement with the school.Police have seized and searched Matthew 's car and have searched his apartment twice . Lab results of the second search are expected to be back Friday . Police were back at Matthew 's apartment Wednesday .
Following the announcement of Matthew 's charge of abduction with intent to defile , Nelson County Commonwealth 's Attorney Anthony Martin released a statement addressing the concern that Matthew may somehow be related to the Alexis Murphy case . Murphy , a Nelson County teen , disappeared last August . In May , Randy Taylor was convicted in her abduction and murder .
In the statement Martin says , “ there is no credible evidence at this time that suggests any third party was involved in the Randy Taylor case and certainly no evidence at this time exists that Jesse Leroy Matthew , Jr. had anything to do with the disappearance of Alexis Murphy . ''
Wednesday , Charlottesville lawyer James L. Camblos III confirmed that he has been hired by Matthew . According to the Washington Post , Camblos met with Matthew on Saturday after Matthew voluntarily went to the Charlottesville police station . According to the Post , Camblos declined to discuss the case or his client .
In addition to the abduction charge , Matthew faces two reckless driving charges . He fled Saturday while Virginia State Police were following him in Albemarle County . He drove away at a high rate of speed and police had to end surveillance .
Police stressed at Wednesday 's press conference that they 're still searching for Graham . Police Chief Tim Longo made a plea to residents in surrounding counties such as Greene , Augusta and Orange to search their properties . Police ask that anyone with information regarding this case call the tip line at 434-295-3851 .
By Ben Fractenberg
DNAinfo Reporter/Producer
MANHATTAN — Manhattan bike riders face a host of obstacles using the borough 's bike lanes , from double-parked livery cabs and delivery trucks , to oblivious pedestrians , to NYPD vehicles using them as parking spaces , a recent survey by DNAinfo found .
DNAinfo reporter Ben Fractenberg rode many of the city 's bike lanes starting downtown and traveling north all the way to Washington Heights , and tracing his way from the east to the west side . One of the worst stretches , he found , was directly behind an NYPD precinct in Harlem .
Twenty seven out of 44 marked and unmarked NYPD vehicles parked behind the 28 Precinct on St. Nicholas Ave. between 122nd and 123rd Streets on a recent Monday jutted into a stretch of bike lane on both sides of the two-way street .
`` It 's like this all the time . They do n't have any consideration for us , '' said Harlem resident Kimba Jones , 50 , who rides his bike past the station every day . `` They are in the lane , so now we have to slow down and be careful that we do n't get hit . ''
But hazards were n't only found in Harlem . Here 's a quick rundown of what Fractenberg found in neighborhoods across Manhattan .
Harlem and Washington Heights
Delivery trucks and double-parked cars were the top obstacles clogging up First Avenue between East 96th Street and East 119th street — which was a sea of trucks on a recent weekday afternoon around lunch time .
Heading west along 119th Street from First Avenue to St. Nicholas Ave. , a host of cars is double-parked on the north side of the street between First and Third avenues , forcing traffic to swerve directly into the bike lane on the south side of the street . As a result , there was barely enough room for a bike and a car to squeeze by at the same time .
One of the smoothest portions of Upper Manhattan could be found along Fort Washington Avenue from 186th Street to Fort Tyron Park .
Aside from the general lack of commercial delivery traffic in the area , the lanes were largely free of obstructions save for the occasional cab or double-parked car . The stretch was made even more pleasant by a strip of trees along the bike lane , providing a nice shady break from the sun .
Upper West Side
Cycling north on Central Park West from West 77th Street to West 90th Street , one of the most difficult portions was in front of the American Museum of Natural History between 77th and 79th streets .
There were tourist buses double-parked in the bike lane , forcing riders to swerve out into traffic . Cars whizzed inches from riders ' handlebars .
The east-west streets in the Upper West Side were cluttered mainly with delivery and mail trucks during the weekday trip .
UPS trucks dotted the streets near West 106th Street and Riverside Drive , some of them clogging up the bike lanes , forcing riders into traffic , while other UPS trucks were double-parked in the traffic lanes , leaving the bike lanes free and clear .
Upper East Side and Yorkville
First Avenue between East 72nd and East 96th streets was packed with delivery trucks . In some cases boxtrucks were lined up three or four in a row . Some were considerate enough to park very closely to the line of legally-parked vehicles , leaving a sliver of bike lane open for riders to squeeze past . But many delivery trucks took up all of the bike lane , forcing riders to swerve out into traffic .
The number of shops and businesses along First Avenue drove up the number of double-parked cars with people swinging open car doors into the bike lanes while hopping out to pick something up .
One U.S . Postal Service mail truck on First Avenue crawled like a snail along the bike lane while making its deliveries , parking in the bike lane each time the driver stopped .
Central Park
Central Park 's seeemingly pristine bike lanes were hosted to a collection of non-vehicular issues . Pedestrians wandered across the bike lanes oblivious to established crosswalks and traffic lights . Joggers occasionally took up the entire lane , as did their slower , walking , counterparts . Tourists walking in the bike lane suddenly stopped to take pictures .
`` Why are you in the bike lane when you have the sidewalk ? '' said a perturbed fellow cyclist .
Midtown
The protected bike lane running along Broadway from 59th Street to Union Square was free of cars , but busy with pedestrian traffic . In Times Square and Herald Square , the bike lane cuts through a pedestrian mall , meaning bikers are supposed to get off and walk their bikes through those sections . But other portions of the pedestrian mall allow riders to continue on their bikes .
The tourist magnets were so dense with pedestrians darting in and out of the lane from between parked cars without warning , many bikers may be inclined to avoid them entirely .
There are also few east-west lanes in Midtown , making it difficult for riders to get crosstown while avoiding heavy traffic .
Greenwich Village and West Village
The village has a good number of lanes heading both north-south and east-west . People in the area seem a little more aware of the presence of the bike lanes and seem to honor the rules of the road .
In addition , the vehicular traffic seems more considerate of bike riders , and DNAinfo found only the occasional double-parked car or slow-moving bus riding in the bike lanes .
SoHo
SoHo vendors ' wares that spilled into the bike lane along Prince Street , instead of being tucked neatly beneath tables , forced riders to swerve out into the narrow streets several times . The chlaustrophobic neighborhood , where most lanes are restricted to a single passageway for vehicular traffic also attracts a thick stream of pedestrians , as well taxis hunting for fares .
Several cabs pulled directly into the bike lane to drop people off or pick them up . Sometimes they put on their flashers before stopping , but usually there was little warning .
Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer 's office conducted a three-day survey last October . Out of a total of 353 instances of lanes being blocked across Manhattan , 275 were obstructed by motor vehicles , according to the survey .
The worst out of the 11 intersections Stringer 's office observed was 145th Street and St. Nicholas Avenue , which had 117 instances of the lane being blocked during the morning and evening rush hour .
In all , DNAinfo 's unscientific survey found mixed results about the current state of Manhattan 's bike lanes . While they do n't always ensure rider 's safety , the lanes seem to provide the first step toward a more bike-friendly city transportation system .
Transportation Alternatives spokesman Michael Murphy , whose organization has been a leading defender of the growing bike lanes , said they 're working toward becoming as respected as any other restricted lane , such as the city 's host of bus-only lanes .
He added that the more the lanes are free of obstructions , the more likely new bike riders will consider using them .
`` By far the biggest problem is when cars park in the lane , '' Murphy said . `` [ When ] you bike around them you 're taking yourself into traffic . When every other block has a car parked in the lane , that 's a problem . ''
Will Jaha reunite with his people on The 100 ?
At the end of the rookie season , the former chancellor of the Ark had sacrificed himself for the betterment of his people , allowing them to safely reach the ground and start anew while he remained in the deteriorating ship . But priorities shifted when Jaha began hallucinating another person on the ship ( a baby first , his late son second ) , bringing him to a desolate desert — unsure of his next move .
See more 'The 100 ' : Watch the Intriguing New Opening Titles
Isaiah Washington talks to The Hollywood Reporter about Jaha 's lonely journey , where he goes from here and the chances of a reunion with his people .
The 100 has always been about survival and Jaha is living that to the fullest . What has your experience been like this season to be on your own ?
It was pretty easy for me . For any actor worth his salt , your obligation is to convey the idea of the writer and , even more importantly , the vision of [ executive producer ] Jason Rothenberg and his vision for the show . So my job was made easier because we have some pretty good scripts and some good characterizations that I can sink my teeth into , and what you see is pretty much what you get .
What was it like reuniting with Eli Goree ?
It was good to work with Eli Goree again , but as you know , that storytelling comes from Jaha 's imagination . Maybe he has some oxygen deprivation or maybe his mind is prepared to give up , but his actual soul and spiritual world is not going to align with that fact . That 's pretty much the metaphor of what that scene is about . He still has to know what to do to keep things together , and he does everything he can do to survive — to get to Earth to be with his people .
Read more 'The 100 ' Boss Breaks Down the Season 2 Premiere 's Biggest Moments
Were you surprised that Jaha ended up in the desert at the end of the last episode ? Might he encounter other people ?
I do n't need to know every nook and cranny [ of ] everything that happens . Jason invited me to play in this sandbox , it 's really that simple . At this point , I just follow the lead and right now I 'm getting a lot of good things [ to play ] as an actor and as a human being to be challenged by and to learn from and grow from .
How do you think this experience will shape or change Jaha 's perspective on life and morality ?
We 'll have to all find out . I ca n't answer that question . I 'll get a script and find out in that moment where the character is going , and so far , I 'm in alignment with everything that 's happened in Jaha 's journey . It keeps me on top of my game , it keeps me fresh , it gives me a lot of wonderful notes to play . He 's in love with his people . And at this point , that 's all he has . That 's one of his driving forces . He needs to be connected to something . He wants to live — human nature dictates that he wants to live . He has an extraordinary circumstance that requires extraordinary measures to get out of .
There was a moment that seemed straight out of Gravity , where Jaha was floating in space . Were there any particular challenges filming that ?
All I had to do was sit in a dark room with a space suit on and pretend that I was in space and hopefully it does n't come off in a way where I 'm inauthentic . That 's pretty much what we were going for , and that 's a pretty cool comparison [ to Gravity ] . I 'll take that .
With Jaha 's people safely on Earth , how do you think he would be reacting if he was privy to all of the hierarchical changes ?
That 's the beauty of watching an episodic : You actually have to wait and see for yourself . I 'm not a guy who 's going to tell you everything that 's going to happen or that I think is going to happen . If that 's the case then there 's no need for you to watch it .
But hypothetically , if he were there to experience the chasm growing between Abby and Cain , especially ...
This is only hypothetical , but in his mind , he 's the chancellor . As long as he 's alive , he 's the chancellor of his people . I 'm quite sure that when we connect with him , that 's what he has in his mind .
So there will come a time when he does eventually reunite with his people ?
I hope so . I do n't know how fast or how quickly it 's going to happen . If anybody is going to do a spacewalk and survives that , puts himself in a missile and launches himself out of it and survives that , finds out that the baby is not real and that he actually got to Earth… Whether he lands in the area or not , he has to go find his people , that 's his job . The whole season is [ Jaha trying ] to reunite with his people , no matter what , as long as he 's alive .
How do you think that reunion would play out ?
You 'll have to wait and see !
When I spoke to Eliza Taylor a few weeks ago , she said that you guys had n't worked together yet .
Yeah I 'm very curious [ to see where it 's headed ] . I 'm looking forward to getting on Twitter and live-tweeting . I 'm very excited to get the feedback .
The 100 airs 9 p.m. Wednesdays on The CW .
Email : Philiana.Ng @ THR.com
Twitter : @ insidethetube
In a surprise confession to news channel NDTV , Congress party 's chief ministerial candidate Sheila Dikshit on Wednesday said that Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav would make a better CM candidate than her . The 78-year-old Congress leader also added that she would “ be happy ” to make way for Akhilesh , who is nearly 30 years her junior . “ Akhilesh Yadav is a much better Chief Ministerial candidate than me , ” she told NDTV . Congress leaders in Uttar Pradesh are in favour of a pre-poll pact , despite the party high command likening the infighting within the Samajwadi Party to a 90s soap opera . Most state Congress are of the view that Akhilesh 's “ clean ” and “ popular ” image would help in defeating “ communal forces ” .
Advertising
With both parties holding cards close to their chest , it is difficult to predict how this would play out before the first phase of polling begins on February 11 . The Samajwadi Party has their own battles to fight within the party as it had split into two factions — one supporting Akhilesh and the other Mulayam Singh Yadav . The battle for control over the party has culminated with the ouster of Mulayam as the party 's national president and his son Akhilesh 's elevation to the post . However , it has now shifted from Lucknow to the offices of the Election Commission in Delhi as both camps have staked claim over the party 's election symbol , cycle .
Before the party headed for a split , SP patriach Mulayam and the then state unit president Shivpal Yadav had flagged off Akhilesh 's state-wide ‘ Vikas Rath Yatra ' to highlight the development works taken under his leadership . Akhilesh has so far not resumed the yatra with the turf war within the SP taking up most of his time . The Congress on the other hand is expected to make demonetisation their core election issue and highlight the hardships faced by the people due to the Centre 's move . Their 3-day bus yatra '27 saal UP Behaal ' in July last year failed to attract crowds , and Dikshit returned to Delhi midway after falling sick . The BJP , meanwhile , has fielded Prime Minister Narendra Modi to address the party 's Parivartan Yatra in the state . Polling in Uttar Pradesh will be spread over seven phases and counting of votes will begin on March 11 .
Now that the Boulder Police Department has requested that the district attorney convene a grand jury in the JonBenét Ramsey investigation , it is time to dispel some the `` myths '' and conventional wisdom that have been passing for serious analysis of this case .
Myth # 1 : The police have hopelessly bungled the evidence in the case , making a solution to JonBenét 's murder nearly impossible .
Wrong . Domestic homicides are almost never solved with forensic evidence . The reason is quite simple . The suspects usually live at the scene of the crime and any forensic evidence discovered there invariably has an `` innocent '' explanation . The public is woefully misinformed with respect to the true value of forensic evidence in identifying suspects in a crime . A recent study in the Journal of Forensic Sciences noted that `` crime scene evidence ... has no intrinsic ability to identify an offender who is otherwise unknown . '' Most crime scenes , moreover , are never as pristine or well-kept as they should be , yet convictions result every day .
Myth # 2 : There is not enough `` hard '' evidence to identify the real culprit ( s ) , thereby making it impossible to arrest and charge anyone for the murder of JonBenét .
Wrong again . The ransom note is the only forensic evidence of the true identity of the culprit ( s ) sufficient to lead to an arrest and conviction in this case . Examining mud prints , knots , masking tape , and nylon cords is just rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic . Either the police can identify the ransom note writer or they ca n't . If they ca n't , then everyone can go home now . This case ca n't be solved in a way that can realistically lead to a conviction `` beyond reasonable doubt . '' Most domestic homicides never have a ransom note or nearly as much evidence as the police now possess . The police know who the ransom note writer is , and they can prove it .
Myth # 3 : The police have asked the district attorney to convene a grand jury because there is n't enough evidence .
Complete nonsense . The source of almost all the friction and ill-will between the police and Alex Hunter is the growing suspicion that the district attorney is not eager to file a case against the politically powerful Haddon and his client John Ramsey . Anyone who doubts this has only to read Fleet White 's letter calling for the removal of Alex Hunter . It is clear from White 's letter that he believes , based on his personal experiences dealing with both the police and the district attorney , that it is Alex Hunter , and not Tom Koby , who does n't want a solution to this crime . The reason the police have requested a grand jury is to force Alex Hunter to present the evidence they have gathered before a panel of Boulder citizens who will have no hesitation whatsoever in returning an indictment . Anyone sophisticated enough to know the law will realize that the Ramseys ca n't be compelled to give testimony and that the evidence of 11 year-old Burke is almost useless . The only practical purpose in convening a grand jury is to remove the decision to charge someone for the murder of JonBenét from the district attorney and put it in the hands of less politically sensitive people .
Myth # 4 : Identifying the ransom note writer still does n't mean the district attorney can get a murder conviction .
This is not only wrong , it is the closest thing to a `` Big Lie '' being perpetrated by the district attorney 's office . This `` Whopper '' goes something like this : Even if we know the ransom note writer , how can a jury convict them of a murder without more evidence of their physically participating in the actual killing of JonBenét ? Simple . Colorado 's felony murder statute makes anyone participate in such dangerous crimes as kidnapping equally responsible for any murder resulting from such activity . Much like the get-away-driver to a bank robbery where a guard is killed ( who is later found guilty of murder despite not even being in the bank during the robbery and murder ) the JonBenét ransom note writer can be charged with first-degree murder even if the police ca n't prove the writer actually killed JonBenét . Yet Alex Hunter persists in naively stating that even if the ransom note writer were identified and arrested and jailed , they would be immediately eligible for bail . This is also not true because felony murder is not a bailable offense in Colorado . The ransom note writer would have to sit in jail until they went to trial or made a deal to reveal JonBenét 's murderer to the district attorney .
Myth # 5 : This case will never be solved .
Early this week , an invoice was delivered to the Ukrainian government and Naftogaz , the country 's national oil and natural gas company . It was sent by Russian energy giant Gazprom , and it read almost like a declaration of war : the Russians were demanding $ 7 billion for 16 billion cubic meters of natural gas -- which Ukraine had n't even used .
The principle at stake is `` take or pay . '' According to a long-standing clause in Gazprom 's supply agreement , customers are obligated to accept a contractually-agreed minimum quantity of natural gas , and even if the customer uses less , Moscow gets paid the full sum . It 's a common practice in the energy business and indicative of Russia 's energy clout . But now Ukraine is digging in its heels and there is a good chance it wo n't have to pay up .
The dispute is symptomatic of the Russian energy giant 's current plight . Technological progress is threatening its business model and the company that has long monopolized the market has failed to adjust in time . `` Eat or be eaten '' has been its general operating principle when it comes to prices . For decades , many countries , including Ukraine , relied on Gazprom for its gas supply , but the market is becoming increasingly global . With the supply of natural gas growing and prices falling , Gazprom is beginning to lose its grip on the market .
Three-Fold Pressure
There are three primary risks that are threatening the country . For one , rivals in the Middle East are constructing facilities for liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) and developing a fleet of special tankers that will be able to transport LNG to destinations thousands of kilometers away -- further than any pipeline and with far more flexible trade routes . In Europe and Asia , LNG is increasingly competing with Gazprom . Qatar in particular has massively boosted its LNG supply to Europe : In 2011 , the emirate exported 44 billion cubic meters , compared to 5 billion cubic meters in 2006 .
Secondly , Norway is expanding its gas exploration and wresting market share from Russia in Europe . According to Eurostat , the European Union 's statistical authority , Norway 's gas sales in Europe rose by 16 percent in 2012 , while Gazprom 's fell by 8 percent .
And thirdly , thanks to new drilling methods , it has become easier to extract natural gas trapped in permafrost , dense clay and , especially , shale , allowing for gas production in previously untapped regions . In the US particularly , fracking , as it known , has triggered a gas bonanza , making it hard for Russia to get a foothold in the market . Gazprom was aiming to secure 10 percent of the US market , but this goal now seems decidedly out of reach .
The Kremlin is feeling the effects of these developments in the gas market . In coming years , EU countries such as Poland are planning to concentrate on unconventional gas extraction in order to reduce reliance of Russia . With gas and oil accounting for 50 percent of state revenue , a drop in Russian exports will hit Moscow hard . In addition , it will lose leverage over countries such as Poland , Ukraine , Lithuania and other states that used belong to the Soviet sphere of influence . The German intelligence service Bundesnachrichtendienst ( BND ) predicts that the erstwhile energy giant will soon begin to lose power .
Reality Catches Up
Gazprom , as a result , has devolved from being one of the Kremlin 's biggest political assets to becoming a problem child . Decades of market domination have made the company lazy and it is now failing to adapt . The company continues trying to impose costly , long-term supply contracts on its customers , even though gas prices on the spot market have long since begun undercutting Gazprom . Furthermore , it remains inefficient , often spending up to three times as much as its rivals on similar projects .
Now , reality is quickly catching up with the company -- and it has been brutal . Gazprom has beem forced to concede discounts to its customers with increasing frequency . Recently , Polish company PGNiG beat the supply price of Russian natural gas down from $ 500 to $ 450 per 1,000 cubic meters . German market leader E.on Ruhrgas , meanwhile , negotiated a price reduction of over 1 billion for 2012 alone . Customers are also buying more from Gazprom 's rivals .
Gazprom is feeling the pinch . Between January and September , 2012 , the company saw profits of some 20.2 billion , down 12 percent on the same period in 2011 . Its turnover from gas exports dropped 8 percent to 44.9 billion . According to the former Deputy Energy Minister Vladimir Milov , now an opposition politician , the company 's gas production fell by 6.7 percent to 478 billion cubic meters last year .
Gazprom blames the crisis in the key European market , which usually is responsible for two-thirds of the company 's profits . Yet demand for Gazprom natural gas has dropped more steeply than demand for gas in general . In Italy , for example , general demand for natural gas declined in the first three quarter of 2012 by 2.6 percent , but Gazprom supplied 11 percent less in the same period . In the Netherlands , meanwhile , total sales dropped by 9 percent , with Gazprom 's supply to the country dropping by 42.6 percent . Polish demand for gas actually rose by 6.2 percent , but imported 11.5 percent less from Gazprom .
As the company loses its market share , the European Commission is preparing to clip its wings even further . In early September , regulators launched an investigation into whether Gazprom might be hindering competition in Central and Eastern European gas markets , in breach of EU anti-trust rules . The investigation strikes at the heart of the Russian business model , and will examine several of its practices , such as whether it has imposed unfair prices on its customers by linking the price of natural gas to that of oil .
Changing Paradigms
Gazprom is also under pressure outside the EU . Ukraine , a chronically cash-strapped key customer of the Russian company , is cutting down on gas imports . The `` take or pay '' contracts signed in 2009 foresaw annual deliveries of 41.6 billion cubic meters , but Kiev imported just 25.9 billion cubic meters in 2012 . In 2013 , it expects to import only 20 billion cubic meters .
High energy costs are threatening to derail the Ukrainian economy . For the time being , the country pays an extortionate $ 425 per 1,000 cubic meters of gas , with Russia tying any potential reductions to political demands . Moscow has let Kiev know that it can only expect a discount if Ukraine joins the Russian-led Customs Union . Belarus has already caved in and now pays just $ 185 per 1,000 cubic meters of gas .
But Ukraine is working on ways to get by the blackmail . A terminal for LNG tankers is planned in Odessa , and just days before Gazprom presented the $ 7 billion invoice , Kiev signed a shale gas production sharing agreement with Shell . Further deals with Chevron and Exxon are also in the cards .
Gazprom is even under pressure in Russia . Moscow wants to open up natural gas and oil extraction on the Arctic continental shelves to smaller companies -- a decision that comes as a blow to Gazprom and the state oil company Rosneft .
'No Doubt That It Will Change '
Novatek , Russia 's second-largest gas producer , cultivates close ties to the Kremlin and has begun stealing customers and market share from Gazprom . In 2011 alone , Novatek 's gas exports rose by 45 percent . Political observers in Moscow say Gazprom chairman Alexey Miller is falling out of favor with President Vladimir Putin and believe his position is weakening .
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev -- a former chair of Gazprom 's board -- likewise fears that the days of Russia 's natural gas monopoly are numbered and appears to be weighing up alternatives . Only recently , he made comments suggesting that Gazprom may have its export monopoly status rescinded .
Russia needs to lower its dependence on the export of energy resources , he said at the World Economic Forum in Davos . `` We should give thought to what we can present to the world in case the paradigm of energy development is changed , '' he said . `` I have no doubt that it will change . ''
NEW DELHI : Telecom operators are attempting to carve out the internet into islands in violation of the net neutrality principle , say Rajya Sabha MP Rajeev Chandrasekhar , Lok Sabha MP and CPI ( M ) member M B Rajesh , and Rishab Bailey of the Society for Knowledge Commons Speaking at a press conference in the capital on Wednesday , they said that the argument had not been pitched as one about telcos ' viability which does n't stand as their revenue through data has increased manifold over the years . `` Telecom network is not the internet . They provide access network and connect consumers to the internet . We need to differentiate the internet from access networks . These networks are using pricing and access to carve the internet into winners and losers . This will cable-ise the internet , '' said Chandrasekhar , referring to how DTH services offer individual channels.Zero-rating platforms have been a subject of heated debate , with many saying it violates the principle of net neutrality . M B Rajesh said it is something the competition commission could look into . `` The competition commission has to intervene as they ( telcos ) are indulging in practices against the principle of competition , '' said Rajesh . Trai 's publication of the e-mail addresses of the respondents along with the submission was criticized as a violation of privacy . `` It highlights the need privacy laws in the country , '' said Bailey .
Markets were happy with today 's May U.S. industrial production report , which rose by 1.2 % , above consensus expectations of just a 0.8 % increase . Industrial production has been rebounding quite strongly since early 2009 .
But here 's a dose of perspective -- U.S. industrial production remains well below its peak level . In addition , different parts of the U.S. economy are performing differently .
The most stark example is America 's manufacturing output of equipment . As shown below , business equipment output ( in black ) remains well below where it was in 2007 and at a similar level to what was once achieved back in 2000 . Ie. , it has n't really gone anywhere in a decade .
In the meantime , America 's output of defense and space equipment ( in red ) , mostly tools of war , is at record levels . Industrial activity is clearly booming in the wrong place .
New Code Geass
Project Launch Green-Lit !
Wait for more info in 2010 ! !
Geass
Animedia
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion
R2
R2
Bandai 's mobile phone website m-pub.channel.or.jp is hosting a graphic that reads as follows : The image adds that this project represents a `` rebirth '' and thatwill take a new step starting today . The message is signed with the name , `` ZERO . `` In the January 2009 issue of Gakken'smagazine , the Sunrise anime studio indicated the possibility of more plans for its Code Geass science-fiction franchise . Sunrise created and animated thetelevision anime series and itssequel . Sunrise did not indicate the format that any hypothetical future plans might take . The Adult Swim television programming block ran Bandai Entertainment 's adaptation of thesequel in North America.Image © Sunrise/Project Geass , MBSCharacter Design © CLAMPMore background information added.The website has reverted back to its earlier contents , and the image revealing the new Code Geass project is no longer posted on the main page , even though it is still available by directly accessing its address.The same message that appeared on the mobile website also appears on the franchise 's computer website after the main page downloads a Flash interstitial . It was also repeated during Saturday 's `` Kiseki no Tanjōbi '' event . Thanks eaglestorm and Crystal.The franchise 's computer website has posted a page devoted to the new project . The page has a message from Code Geass producer Yoshitaka Kawaguchi . According to Kawaguchi , the new project will feature the simultanteous releases of comic series , music , new products under development , and visual works . More details will be revealed in the January issue of Kadokawa Shoten 's Newtype magazine , which ships this week .
cityscape For Torontonians with Disabilities , Riding the TTC is Still A Struggle
It will take nearly a decade for the entire system to be accessible .
For me , public transit has always meant freedom . After living my high school years in the boonies , with only a handful of other houses , a general store , and town a 20-minute drive away , to say I was excited to go away for college is an understatement .
After living in Ottawa to attend Algonquin College in 2008 , I learned what it 's like to get around with relative ease , to hop on a bus to get to a movie theatre or mall without any aid .
In 2011 , I moved to Toronto and lived in residence at Ryerson University . Again , I was surrounded by public transit . But there were pitfalls , and though I live with a moderate form of Cerebral Palsy that allows me to walk with two canes , I found myself struggling to get around the city .
Five years later , the TTC still is n't completely accessible for Torontonians , like me , with disabilities .
As it stands , 34 of Toronto 's 69 subway stations are currently accessible—that is , they each have accessible entrances , fare-gates , and elevators . The Commission has plans to update all remaining inaccessible stations by 2025 , per the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act ( AODA ) requirements .
I 'm lucky that I can use my canes to walk upstairs when necessary ; but many , like those who use wheelchairs or walkers , do n't have that option . If an individual with a wheelchair needs to be in the Wellesley or College area , for example , he or she has to commute from Dundas or Bloor stations , which each have elevators in service , or arrange alternative transportation , such as a bus or Wheel-Trans . At best , the inaccessibility of these stations is inconvenient . At worst , it hinders many from getting to where they need to go , and reinforces the embarrassment that is associated with an inability to act independently .
Matt Hagg , senior planner of system accessibility , recently assured me in an email that the TTC is on track to meet the 2025 goal . The current schedule has St. Clair West and Ossingtion stations as a priority for 2016 , with Woodbine and Coxwell following in 2017 . Warden and Islington will be the last stations brought up to standard because they are two of the most complicated reconstructions , with multiple bus bays , each with their own staircase .
Accessible station priorities are made with the consultation of the Advisory Committee on Accessible Transit ( ACAT ) and within the requirements of the AODA . Criteria for such priorities include : proximity to health care and education , demographics , transit connections , ridership , and location . These criteria were last re-affirmed in March 2013 , with Old Mill Station , considered then to have the lowest ridership , as the point of reference .
ACAT meets publicly once a month at TTC headquarters , providing advice to the TTC board and staff on issues of accessibility , representing seniors and people with disabilities in Toronto . The committee has four sub-committees that looks even more closely at Wheel-Trans , communications and customer service , planning and training of staff , and the design and planning of TTC stations and vehicles . “ ACAT 's input is highly valued by TTC staff , ” says Hagg , “ and many accessible features of the TTC stem from the advocacy of ACAT. ” Blue priority seats , written descriptions of TTC stations for people with vision impairments online , and improvements to the subway platform edge at Eglinton Station to minimize the gap between trains and the platform are just some examples of service improvements ACAT has initiated .
ACAT is also consulted about PRESTO , which recently reached two million customers . While I agree that the system has the makings to be a highly accessible option—it is much easier than trying to mange coins or tokens—I was concerned when I noticed that PRESTO machines at accessible stations were not consistently placed at accessible fare gates . Vanessa Barrasa , senior advisor , communications and public affairs , wrote in an email that Metrolinx is committed to accessibility and will continue to seek feedback and make adjustments with future updates of machines and software . The TTC , however , is responsible in the placement of PRESTO machines . Hagg says PRESTO will be available at each station by the end of 2016 , and at every fare gate by mid-2017 .
Still , the process can feel incredibly slow for those in need of accessible transit options . According to Hagg , a typical station accessibility project takes five years to complete : two years to design and three spent in construction . This , he says , is a complex process due to property requirements , electrical upgrades , and third-party stakeholders . When it comes to property requirements , Hagg said most stations need property acquisitions , easements , or development contracts from outside parties , all of which requires a lot of coordination and cooperation from the City and anyone else involved , taking up to two years per station . Electrical upgrades , required for elevators , involve the help of Toronto Hydro , which can be challenging to schedule as the utility company already has a full plate of competing priorities . This is all made more challenging , Hagg points out , by the fact that most stations are underground , meaning that elevator construction requires major relocations and evacuation—all while still maintaining service to get people where they need to go in the most efficient way possible .
Above ground , meanwhile , the 510 Spadina route is mostly run by the new accessible streetcars . But progress is being made : the 509 and 514 Cherry streetcar routes are scheduled to be accessible towards the end of 2016 . And by June 19 , the 72 Pape bus route will be extended to Union Station . This could increase accessibility for some by eliminating the need to transfer between subway lines .
Looking back on my youth spent without access to transit , I recognize that my situation in Toronto could be much worse . But the TTC must continue to prioritize accessibility for commuters like me . In the meantime , we 'll continue our nine-year wait for full station accessibility across the city . It may be a long wait , but it 's an important one .
An earlier version of this article indicated that the 514 Cherry streetcar would be accessible by June 19 , and the 509 streetcar is accessible . These routes are projected to be accessible towards the end of the year , depending on the availability of the new streetcars from Bombardier . See Steve Munro 's comment in this article for more details .
Atlantans often complain about our civic penchant for tearing down quirky , interesting and historic buildings and replacing them with soul-sucking schlock .
That being the case , let me take you to the one-acre lot at 2160 Monroe Drive , which would be the newest exhibit in that argument .
That 's the site of the old Trust Company of Georgia bank building . You know the one , it 's the odd circular building along I-85 . It 's historic and architecturally significant , although you might n't know that by looking at it . It 's reminiscent of George Jetson 's penthouse and was designed by modernist architect Henri Jova , who went on to design Colony Square , the original Underground and the Carter Center .
But what trumps “ historic and architecturally significant ” in Atlanta is highest and best use . And whoever owns that property believes that best use is a five-story , 85,890-square-foot climate-controlled self-storage building with retail space and some parking . So instead of the usual “ live , work , play ” you keep hearing about , this would be “ store , shop , park . ”
I say “ whoever owns the property , ” because something called HTFS Capital LLC is on record as the owner . And the civil engineer hired to come before the Beltline Design Review Committee last month said he 'd pass on my request to discuss the matter but neither HT nor FS ever called back .
Oh yeah , the five-story monument to Americans having too much junk would sit along a future leg of the Beltline as it goes north from Piedmont Park . Oddly , the Beltline committee last month weighed two other proposed self-storage facilities on the agenda — one a block away at 2033 Monroe Dr ( 119,910 square feet ) and another to the west on Northside Drive ( 127,790 square feet ) . Also , there is already a storage facility across Monroe .
So , the innovative , award-winning , city-changing Beltline would be a collection point for massive storage facilities . Restaurants like to cluster to draw diners . Gas stations cluster to draw motorists . And so now the Beltline 's future northern arc will draw those who have accumulated too much stuff .
In a mercenary view of the matter , I suppose it make sense . Just about every other block intown is being bulldozed to erect five-over-ones , the now ubiquitous luxury apartments that stack five stories of millennials over one story of their cars .
Those apartments do n't come cheap , however — generally $ 1,500 and up . So when they realize their 710-square-foot , one-bedroom pad is too small for their treasures , hello climate-controlled self-storage facility !
The old bank building , with a 56-foot diameter upper level and a domed skylight , “ was a major transformation for the design of banks , going from neo-classical to modern , ” said Charles Lawrence , who heads the Georgia chapter of Docomomo , which stands for the Documentation and Conservation of the Modern Movement .
He said the Beltline 's master plan “ recognizes that this building is significant and should be saved. ” However , it seems there is little in the zoning law that also says that .
Ryan Gravel , who as a Georgia Tech student came up with the idea of the Beltline to be built on old railroad rightaways , called the planned storage clusters a shame .
“ In the original Beltline Zoning District we were not going to allow self-storage , but the legislation got changed , ” he said .
City Councilwoman Mary Norwood echoed Gravel 's sentiment . “ Our vision needs to be broader than to tear down an iconic building to build a storage facility , ” she said . “ We do n't need to be a cookie-cutter city . ”
Businesses at 2160 Monroe have had a hard time making a go since SunTrust sold the building in 2000 . Currently , it houses Cirque , a restaurant/bar that specializes in daiquiris and seafood . It 's the third restaurant making a go there .
Proprietor Kechia Matadin , who also runs the Daiquiri Factory in Midtown , took over the current space almost three years ago and opened up the main floor as one large , circular dining room with blue wavy walls . She always liked the look of the building and jumped when she saw it was vacant .
“ Everyone notices this building , ” she said . “ It 's sort of a ‘ Look at me ! ' building . ”
The wall behind the bar has 15 colorful daiquiri mixers — Strawberry , Bananarama , Georgia Peach , Sex on the Beach . The crowd on this day is 30- and 40-somethings , although she said she gets all kinds of customers .
She knew nothing of the proposed tear-down , only learning of it recently when a customer forwarded an account in the Curbed Atlanta development website .
“ I 'd love to do another 10 years here , ” she said , soaking in the restaurant 's big cool room . “ This boggles my mind . ”
The next Beltline design committee is 5 p.m Wednesday at 100 Peachtree St. , 23rd floor . That 's the Equitable building , a landmark that has n't been demolished yet . Stop by if you 're inclined .
The world would be a better place if it looked like Star Trek , still one of the most progressive , utopian TV shows ever made . Race and gender would be irrelevant . Religious conflict would be a thing of the past . Science and rational inquiry would solve our biggest problems , from food to transportation ( a “ food replicator ” may produce disgusting food , but it might help with projected future shortages ) .
The Roddenberry Foundation , set up in memory of Star Trek ‘ s creator Gene Roddenberry , aims to take us a little closer to that vision . The nonprofit seeds innovation projects through catalyst grants , a fellowship program , and now through a $ 1 million challenge . It 's good to see proceeds from the show going to practical uses .
[ Photo : CBS/Getty Images ]
The winner this year ( first prize : $ 400,000 ) is Opus 12 , a startup founded by three Stanford students and now based at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , in the San Francisco Bay Area . It is developing a process for converting industrial carbon dioxide emissions into useful products , including ethylene and ethanol , and even diesel , jet fuel , and gasoline .
“ The judges looked at Opus 12 , and , of all the 600 applications we got , they have the potential to be both successful and create the largest transformational impact , ” says Lior Ipp , CEO of the foundation , in an interview .
At the commercial scale , the technology could have the CO2-converting power of 37,000 trees and yet fit into an average-sized suitcase , the company claims , and the only inputs it needs are water and electricity . It is repurposing an existing technology called a PEM electrolyzer , which helps keep costs down .
[ Photo : CBS/Getty Images ]
The challenge is open to mid-development projects that have shown feasibility , but could do with a little extra attention and money , Ipp says . The runners-up this year include the Cancer Cell Map Initiative , which maps molecular networks underlying cancers and , using supercomputers , identifies promising pathways for new drugs ; and FarmDrive , which is helping smallholder farmers in Kenya to access credit by developing alternative forms of credit scoring based on mobile phone data . Two others , which also get $ 150,000 , are Sierra Energy , which is making a “ renewable energy from trash ” unit for garbage dumps in the developing world , and SmartStones , a body language-based tool aimed at helping nonverbal people communicate .
Ipp says the projects were chosen for their potential impact and because they cover a cross-section of areas , from climate change to health . The ideas should “ address humanity 's greatest challenges ” and ideally “ address communities that are most vulnerable , ” he says . None of the projects are quite at warp speed yet , but then it 's easier dreaming up ideas for TV than it is doing real work in a lab . See more here .
Thierry Henry has hailed former Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes as the best Premier League player of all time .
In a selection that will surprise some , Arsenal legend Henry opted against the likes of Ryan Giggs , Alan Shearer and Cristiano Ronaldo to plump for a player underrated by many .
Replying to Kay Burley 's question in an interview on Sky News , Henry said : ' I would have to go Paul Scholes .
Former Arsenal striker and current Sky Sports pundit Thierry Henry was interviewed on Sky News on Monday
Henry ( right , pictured in 2003 ) says Paul Scholes ( centre ) is the best Premier League player of all time
Henry told Sky presenter Kay Burley that Scholes 'could do anything ' with the ball and was underrated
' I do n't think people have given him the credit he deserves . ( He 's ) one of the best , if not the best , I 've played against , he could do anything . Unfortunately for him , when he was playing for the national team , for England , sometimes people did n't see it like that .
'If I had a Paul Scholes in my team , everything would be around him . At Manchester United , they saw it like that , but I think Paul Scholes is one of the best I 've played against in this league , and seen anywhere . '
By those within the game , Scholes is a regular choice when asked for a list of the best Premier League players , but he is sometimes overlooked by fans .
Those with goals - Shearer , Henry himself , Dennis Bergkamp - are often pushed higher on the list of supporters ' polls , but Scholes ' talent did not go unnoticed .
Scholes ( right ) and Henry went up against each other on many occasions while playing in the Premier League
In a 2011 interview , Barcelona legend Xavi ( left ) said Scholes was the best midfield player of the last 20 years
Barcelona legend Xavi , widely regarded as one of the best to ever grace a pitch , once labelled Scholes 'the best midfield player in the last 20 years ' .
In a 2011 interview , he said : 'In the last 15 to 20 years the best central midfielder that I have seen — the most complete — is Scholes . I have spoken with Xabi Alonso about this many times . Scholes is a spectacular player who has everything .
'He can play the final pass , he can score , he is strong , he never gets knocked off the ball and he does n't give possession away . If he had been Spanish then maybe he would have been valued more . '
Henry believes Scholes ( centre , at Euro 2004 ) was underrated while playing for the England national team
Norwegian oil workers agreed to return to work late on Monday , ahead of a midnight deadline that could have seen a complete shutdown of the country 's oil and gas industry .
Companies wanted the government to use powers that would force some 6,500 workers on 70 extraction fields back to work .
Workers were demanding early retirement at the age of 62 , with the normal state pension age in the country being 67 .
Norway 's labor ministry said on Monday that it had called representatives of oil workers and the Norwegian Oil Industry Association ( OLF ) to a meeting at 11.30 p.m. local time , just ahead of the proposed shutdown .
Three weeks of union action over early retirement had already choked off some 13 percent of Norway 's total oil production and 4 percent of its gas output . A full shutdown would have the potential of cutting off over two million barrels of oil and natural gas liquids per day .
The last lockout in the offshore sector occurred back in 1986 when production on the Norwegian shelf came to a complete standstill . It took three weeks until the government intervened .
Norwaycurrently delivers 27 percent of all German gas imports , making the Scandinavian country the second most important supplier after Russia .
hg , rc/slk ( Reuters , dpa )
NFL owners dodged a bullet in the new tax bill , which preserves the league 's ability to tap into taxpayer money to build stadiums .
The owners are one of a number of special interest groups breathing sighs of relief after the GOP toyed with eliminating their tax break , but ultimately left it intact .
A flurry of last-minute objections also led to Republicans preserving deductions for student loans , medical expenses , electric cars , teacher supplies and graduate school tuition waivers .
And the final bill tweaks , but does not end , the so-called “ carried interest loophole , ” which allows certain financial managers to pay a lower tax rate on some of their investments .
President Trump had repeatedly called for axing the break , and White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said they “ probably tried 25 times ” to get rid of it in negotiations , but hedge fund and private equity interests were too powerful .
“ The reality of this town is that constituency has a very large presence in the House and the Senate . They have really strong relationships on both sides of the aisle , ” Mr. Cohn said Wednesday at an event hosted by the website Axios . “ We just did n't have the support on carried interest . ”
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said that was a major black mark against Mr. Trump .
“ Maybe he did n't communicate this to the Republicans in Congress , or maybe they just used him as their frontman , but they did n't do that , ” she said Wednesday .
Republican Kevin Brady , the House 's top tax-writer , brushed aside the criticism , saying the carried interest loophole is a relatively minor item in the broad context of a $ 1.5 trillion tax overhaul .
“ Carried interest , we can talk about that for the next hour if you 'd like , but for most Americans , they [ could ] care less about that , ” he said on MSNBC . “ They care about their paychecks and getting the economy going . ”
Mr. Trump also did n't get his way on stadiums .
In the heat of the NFL player protests against the National Anthem the president said it was time to rethink the league 's benefits by denying them access to tax-free municipal bonds .
“ Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem , Flag and Country ? Change tax law ! ” the president tweeted in October .
The original House version of tax cuts prohibited all sports teams from tapping tax-free municipal bonds — but the Senate won out , and the break was maintained .
Sen. Cory Booker , who has been pushing a separate measure with Sen. James Lankford to repeal the break , said it was ridiculous that their proposal was ultimately set aside .
“ Insane that my bipartisan bill ending sweetheart tax giveaways for NFL stadium construction does n't get included , ” Mr. Booker , New Jersey Democrat , tweeted this week . “ They are preserving so many tax gifts for the most privileged while ending breaks for low and middle income Americans . ”
Amid pushback from powerful realtor and homebuilder groups , tax-writers also ended up splitting the difference between the House and Senate plans on the popular mortgage interest deduction , setting a $ 750,000 cap for new purchases .
That 's down from the current limit of $ 1 million but higher than the $ 500,000 cap in the House plan .
Like with many provisions crafted to comply with strict budget rules , the $ 750,000 limit is temporary and will revert to $ 1 million starting in 2026 .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
A little bit of animation . I 'm doing a lecture where I talk about drawing and animating facial expressions . The students will have 1 hour or one-and-a-half hours to do a really basic expression change .
The finished animation took a couple of days , but the bottom .gif shows the keys and breakdowns I could get done in one hour . My students probably wo n't be able to get as much done , but it gives me an idea about their time limits .
Using Spinel because I 'm actually quite happy with her as a design , with her silly triangle head . Her big eyes and lips make her pretty good for expressions , though her fringe maybe not so much . I cheated by doing that anime thing of showing the eyes through the hair .
Many of you are probably enjoying Snake Pass on the Nintendo Switch . The developers behind the first Unreal Engine 4 title for the Nintendo Switch say that it only took them a mere seven days to get the game up and running on Nintendo 's latest hardware .
“ No . We only got our dev-kits for the Switch around the end of November last year . In December , lots of people had to take holidays ( because they never do ) , so it was only in January that we really started looking at the port . The coders were saying that within seven days ' work approximately , they had it fully running on the Switch .
After that , of course , there were some tweaks . You 'd notice that certain things did n't work well enough on the Switch , so you 'd have to make a couple of tweaks here and there . But yes , the initial process from it being purely PC to having it on a handheld was about seven days from what I 've heard . I think in the future , that will be even quicker , because essentially , Unreal has an “ export as Switch ” button now , and because both Unreal and Nintendo have worked closely with us to smooth all this out . I think in the future it will be even simpler for other companies , and for ourselves as well .
Yeah , I 'm looking forward to seeing a ton of awesome Unreal games in the next two years on my new Switch . ”
Source
I love sushi and candy . My kids are still a little stand-offish about sushi , but they 'll eat candy so we can still have fun making it and enjoying it . It looks great and tastes great , too ! Here are several methods and styles you can do to make candy sushi at home .
Like real sushi , there are several styles you can do . There 's the 'nigiri ' style which is that brick of rice with some kind of topping ( like fish ) and there 's also 'temaki ' style which is that rolled-up sushi you also see , like california rolls . Both are easy to make . First , the rolled-up type . Here 's what you 'll need .
• Rice Krispie Treats . Freshly made and still pliable .
• Fruit Roll-up
• Whatever candy you want to use
• Wax paper ( recommended )
• Spray oil ( like Pam ) ( recommended )
That 's really about it . I figured sushi is made with Rice so we can just use Rice Krispie Treats . We do n't have that seaweed wrap , but we can use a Fruit Roll-up . And whatever else you want to use in your candy . Since a lot of sushi is made with fish , I thought it would only be appropriate to use Swedish Fish .
Rice Krispie Sushi - Temaki-style
First , make your Rice Krispie Treat how you always would . nothing special there . When they 're done , pour some on a cookie sheet and flatten them out . You can use anything you think works best to make them nice and flat . I simply sprayed my hands with any spray oil so they would n't stick and used my hands .
This is the hardest step . Not in making these awesome treats , but getting the Fruit Roll-Up to unpeel off the plastic wrapper in one solid piece . If it 's not perfect , it 's okay . Just unpeel it and stick it right on top of the flattened Rice Krispie Treat . Then , cut around the edges . It 's okay if it overlaps a little .
Next , you want to add the other candy you want to use in this . I used Swedish Fish , but gummy worms would also work awesomely . Licorice would also be great . You could use something like peanut butter . With the Fruit Roll-Up , it may make it like a Peanut Butter and Jelly flavor . Place the items near the bottom of the square because you 're going to roll it inwards .
Once you 've got everything in place , roll it up . Take the base part of the square ( towards you ) and roll it in itself , like you would with sushi . You should roll it as firm as possible to everything stays in the roll . If you wanted to spray more spray oil on your hands , I 'd recommend it as it might be sticky .
Once you have your candy log , just cut them up . You should have enough to make 6-8 edible pieces , depending on how you want them sliced . To emulate the 'masago ' ( those little orange fish eggs ) on some inside out rolls I used Nerds candy . There 's also nothing stopping you from rolling it the other way so the Fruit Roll-Up is on the outside .
Now , the Nigiri style . This is WAY easier , but just as delicious to eat .
Rice Krispie Sushi - Nigiri-style
Take what 's left of your Rice Krispie Treats and press them into little rectangles . You can use your hands or something to press them down . I used the bottom of a plate and cookie sheet . Once you have them to the size you want , add what you want on top . Easy !
While we 're at it , how about Onigiri . Sure , why not ! Onigiri are basically rice balls , often triangular shaped and feature a little seaweed paper strip .
Rice Krispie Onigiri
Simply press your Rice Krispie Treats into a triangle , about half an inch thick and take a piece of your Fruit Roll-Up to wrap at the bottom . Too Easy !
And , finally , if you still want to have fun with making candy sushi for the kids but do n't have access to Rice Krispie Treats or you 're not good at making them , that 's okay . I 'm not the best at making them either . Here 's a fool-proof way of making some candy sushi simply using a Fruit Roll-Up and a Twinkie .
Twinkie Sushi
So , we had some fun over the weekend and we 're looking forward to doing this again . My favorite was probably using peanut butter . One of my daughter 's favorite was Nutella , but you can literally use anything you think would be good . If you have success with a great combination , let me know in the comments below .
Get the best Quick fix , Easy , and Delicious Tasting Healthy Snacks for Work
You 're about to learn how to save money , lose weight and increase productivity by packing your own healthy snacks
* * * LIMITED TIME OFFER ! 50 % OFF ! ( Regular $ 5.99 ) * * *
Dear Reader ,
Are you looking for a healthier alternative to the vending machine ? Are you ready to lose weight , increase your work-day productivity , and save money doing it ?
Do you envision a healthy life while avoiding the dreaded mid-day crash ?
THE ANSWER IS : Healthy Snacks for Work - Quick Fix , Flavorful , and Amazingly Healthy Work Snacks
Truth is most hardworking people such as yourself are dumping thousands of dollars down the drain every year by purchasing unhealthy foods from vending machines , going out to lunch , and ordering take out . This book will take you by the hand and show you EXACTLY how to make your own healthy snacks for work !
FACT : Eating Healthy boosts productivity and helps save you money ! We all know we should be eating healthier but it can be hard with the everyday demands of life . With this book you will learn how it can actually be easier to prepare your work snacks the night before that way you are n't tempted by all the unhealthy options out there .
Healthy Snacks for Work - A Preview :
* The Importance of bringing healthy snacks to work - This is all about why you NEED to start bringing and packing your own snacks . Why it can save you money and help you drop a few pounds in the process .
* Shopping List - How can you pack healthy snacks and meals if you do n't know what to shop for ? No worries . We have you covered by taking the mystery out of healthy shopping .
* Top 17 Organic Healthy Work Snacks - 17 great recipes that can help you get started . These recipes are healthy , easy to fix , and wo n't cost you an arm and a leg .
* Power Snacks - Sometimes you do n't have time to prepare snacks in advance . These quick healthy snacks will get you through your work day with a nice boost of healthy energy .
* Work Smoothies - Lets face it - Everyone loves a good Smoothie . Do n't take out a second mortgage to buy one loaded with sugar . Make your own and bring it in to work !
* Tips to get you through hard days - Everybody needs some extra motivation . Get yours here . Find out how to successfully get through the work day with caving in .
* BONUS # 1 : Detailed Shipping List
* BONUS # 2 : Costs and Benefits of Healthy Work snacks
What are you waiting for ? If you are still reading this you are obviously motivated to start getting healthier and saving money .
Simply scroll up and click the BUY button to instantly downloadHealthy Snacks for Work - Quick Fix , Flavorful , and Amazingly Healthy Work Snacks Your SUCCESS story starts here
Tags : healthy snacks , healthy snacks for work , snacks , quick fix foods , healthy snacks to go , smoothies
Nutri Ninja® Auto-iQ™ Pro Compact System
Nutri Ninja® Auto-iQ™ Compact System now includes Smooth Boost™ Technology , allowing you to truly customize your drink-making experience whether you 're using Nutrient Extraction * or High Performance Blending . Now you can choose whether you want deliciously drinkable nutrient juices or whip up an ultra-creamy frozen smoothie all at the touch of a button . With Nutri Ninja® Auto-IQ™ with Smooth Boost™ you can see , feel , and taste the difference .
Nutrient & vitamin extraction AND high performance all in one machine
Next generation Auto-iQ™ Smooth Boost™ Technology takes drink customization to a whole new level
Features 1100-watt motor base
Includes two 24-ounce Nutri Ninja Tritan Cups with two Sip & Seal Lids , 24-ounce stainless steel Nutri Ninja Cup , 40-ounce blend & prep bowl with dough/chopping blade , 48-ounce XL multi- serve Nutri Ninja , and 30 recipe inspiration guides
Additional attachment available is the first-ever coffee and spice grinder blender attachment
Available at major retailers nationwide in September , starting at $ 159.99 MSRP
I was graciously given a second Nutri Ninja® Auto-iQ™ Pro Compact System to giveaway ! Enter below by December 1st 2015 to win ! Open to the USA & Canada ! Good Luck !
Nutri Ninja
`` `` Adina Tovy/Lonely Planet Images/Getty Images
Why does the B in LGBT often get overlooked ? Cristen and Caroline examine America 's history of bisexual erasure and how bisexual people face prejudice from straight and gay communities alike .
Correction : In the podcast , we mistakenly state swimmer Tom Daley publicly came out as bisexual when he did not . Before explicitly stating he 's gay , he merely went on record as being not-heterosexual .
Episode Sources :
`` The Year in Bisexual Invisibility '' http : //www.advocate.com/year-review/2014/12/30/year-bisexual-invisibility ? page=full
`` The Scientific Quest to Prove Bisexuality Exists '' http : //www.nytimes.com/2014/03/23/magazine/the-scientific-quest-to-prove-bisexuality-exists.html ? _r=2
`` Erasure of Bisexuality '' http : //www.glaad.org/bisexual/bierasure
`` What Is Biphobia ? '' http : //www.bisexualindex.org.uk/index.php/biphobia
`` No Bisexuals '' http : //tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/NoBisexuals
`` Here 's the One Simple Reason Why We Need More Openly Bisexual Characters on Television '' http : //mic.com/articles/97512/here-s-the-one-simple-reason-why-we-need-more-openly-bisexual-characters-on-television
`` Bisexuality on TV : It 's Getting Better '' http : //www.theatlantic.com/entertainment/archive/2013/10/bisexuality-on-tv-its-getting-better/280850/
`` It Ai n't Easy Being Bisexual on TV '' http : //www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/08/14/no-network-for-bisexual-men-and-women.html
`` Bisexuality Is Really Not That Complicated '' http : //www.slate.com/blogs/outward/2014/03/28/bisexuality_it_s_really_not_that_complicated.html
`` 5 Ways That Bi Erasure Hurts More Than Just Bisexual People '' http : //everydayfeminism.com/2014/12/bi-erasure-hurts/
`` Legitimate Bisexuality , Presumed Straightness , and Internalizing the Male Gaze '' http : //feministing.com/2012/08/22/legitimate-bisexuality-presumed-straightness-and-internalizing-the-male-gaze/
`` Exploring the Umbrella : Bisexuality and Fluidity '' http : //www.advocate.com/health/love-and-sex/2014/02/11/exploring-umbrella-bisexuality-and-fluidity
Academic Insights :
`` The epistemic contract of bisexual erasure . '' Kenji Yoshino . Stanford Law Review . Vol . 52 , Iss . 2 . Jan. 1 , 2000. http : //www.kenjiyoshino.com/articles/epistemiccontract.pdf
`` Playing with Butler and Foucault : Bisexuality and Queer Theory . '' April S. Callis . Journal of Bisexuality . Nov. 25 , 2009. https : //radicalbi.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/playing-with-butler-and-foucault.pdf
`` Female Bisexuality from Adolescence to Adulthood : Results from a 10-year Longitudinal Study . '' Lisa M. Diamond . Developmental Psychology . Vol . 44 , No . 1 . 2008. http : //www.psych.utah.edu/people/files/diamond54a5.pdf
Listen to Bisexual Erasure , Part 2 HERE .
Yesterday at the dinner table my son says `` Hey dad , did you know 111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321 ? `` * He thought this was awesome . I 've previously told him the trick about multiplying by 9 ( 2x9 = 18 , 1+8=9 , 3x9=27 , 2+7=9 and so on up the times table ) and a couple of other fun facts.I 'd like to present him with some other neat numerical properties and math facts . He 'd need to be able to grasp the concept , so something like the non-palindromic properties of 196 might be a bit beyond him . He 's in ( the equivalent of ) 2nd grade at a Montessori school and math is his favorite subject . He 's currently doing 2-digit division and he 's pretty much mastered multiplication . I 'm not afraid to go a bit beyond what he 's learning but I do n't want to go too far beyond it.What can you tell him about other interesting numbers and how to get to those numbers ? Calculator tricks might be fun as well . I 'm sure if I teach him the S8008 trick he 'll be the King of the Playground . Also tricks that require props such as playing cards , Legos , or anything else are welcome , as long as they demonstrate the type of thing I 'm looking for.I 'll take book suggestions as well . Christmas is coming ... * interestingly , the first Google hit for 12345678987654321 is a MeFi thread .
In the Spring of 2014 , a Project CBD delegation embarked upon a fact-finding and fact-sharing expedition in Uruguay , the first country to legalize the production , sale , and distribution of marijuana . During our ten-day visit , we met with health professionals , educators , musicians , human rights activists , cannabis growers , and government officials .
Symbols of marijuana were conspicuous in Montevideo , the Uruguayan capital , where pot-leaf T-shirts were sold on street corners and loudspeakers blared reggae and hip hop . Joints circulated freely at an outdoor rock concert we attended the night after our arrival . Cuatro pesos de propina ( Four pesos for a tip ) , the hot headline act , attracted a diverse , weed-smoking crowd , including many young people from the cantegriles , the slums of Montevideo .
It 's estimated that 14 percent of Uruguayans between 16 and 64 have used marijuana . We sampled some homegrown in Cabu Polonio , a beachside squatters ' settlement on the Atlantic Ocean . But high quality cannabis was hard to find in this beef-exporting nation of 3.3 million people and three times as many cows . Bereft of better sources , many Uruguayans were smoking prensado paraguyo , a compressed , foul-smelling brick of leaves , glue , fesces , and chemicals , smuggled in from Paraguay .
The possession and consumption of small quantities of cannabis had been decriminalized in Uruguay since the 1970s . But cultivation , sale , and distribution remained illegal until December 2013 , when this small Latin American country broke ranks from the U.S.-led drug war juggernaut and announced it was pulling the plug on marijuana prohibition . “ Someone has to be the first , ” said Uruguayan President Jose ( “ Pepe ” ) Mujica . “ The repressive path has failed . ”
That failure is resoundingly evident in Latin America , the recipient of more than $ 20 billion in U.S. military aid during the last decade , most of it earmarked for the disastrous war on drugs . Plan Columbia , the U.S. scheme to pulverize a cocaine-producing country with an iron fist , fostered the spread of organized crime throughout the region and set the stage for the horrific bloodletting in Mexico , which has claimed more than 100,000 lives in the past seven years . President Mujica became a champion of marijuana legalization “ to free future generations from this plague . ”
A former Marxist guerrilla fighter who survived 14 years in a military prison , Mujica sees marijuana legalization first and foremost as a human rights issue , an opportunity to opt out of the vicious cycle of violence that has terrorized Latin America . The Broad Front , Uruguay 's leftist governing coalition , views the war on drugs as a form of neocolonialism , a brutal instrument of U.S. imperialism . Ending cannabis prohibition is essentially an anti-imperialist policy .
“ Our initial focus is on stopping the drug war , ending the violence and crime . That 's why we favor a legal recreational market . We want to keep otherwise law-abiding citizens away from clandestine arrangements , ” explained Augusto Vitale , deputy director of the Uruguayan cabinet ministry in charge of drug policy .
After implementing reforms to regulate the recreational use of cannabis , according to Vitale , the Uruguayan government will focus on harnessing marijuana 's multifarious medical applications .
Uruguay has also been at the forefront of international public health campaigns to restrict tobacco consumption . In 2009 , the Broad Front passed a law requiring that cigarette packs be covered 80 percent by health warnings , such as graphic pictures of cancer victims . Uruguay 's willingness to defend its policy in court against tobacco giant Phillip Morris fits in with other progressive social reforms enacted by the Mujica government , including the legalization of same-sex marriage and abortion . In addition , Mujica has sought to remedy income inequality by redistributing wealth and providing free computers for every Uruguayan child . But almost certainly history will remember him as the president who legalized marijuana .
Uruguayan officials insist they are n't trying to impose their views on other countries , but they maintain they have a sovereign right to forge their own path and explore new approaches to an old problem . Unlike state governments in Colorado and Washington , Uruguay refuses to levy a tax on marijuana sales . It does n't seek to profit from a tightly regulated cannabis indistry , preferring instead to keep the price of marijuana as low as possible to undermine black market commerce .
If all goes according to plan , marijuana will be cultivated by government-certified growers and sold at low cost in pharmacies only to registered adults , but not to tourists ; production will never exceed local demand . Unlike the Dutch model , which regulates the sale but not the production of cannabis and hashish , the Uruguayan government is in charge of the entire industry—from cultivation to consumption .
Raymond Yan , president of the UN 's International Narcotics Control Board , accused Uruguay of having a “ pirate attitude ” and warned that marijuana legalization would “ endanger young people and contribute to the earlier onset of addiction. ” But Uruguay 's bold initiative has drawn support from other Latin American leaders who are open to a major shift in hemispheric drug policy .
…and Uruguay Visits Project CBD
Laura Blanco , director of the Association of Cannabis Studies , a nongovernmental organization in Uruguay , discussed her country 's trailblazing drug policies when she visited the United States in May . Blanco spoke at the annual Women 's Visionary Conference in Petaluma and at a private event in the East Bay hosted by activists Chris Conrad and Mikki Norris .
The new law in Uruguay , Blano explained , allows citizens 18 years and older to register with the government to purchase up to 40 grams of cannabis a month for personal use at state-run pharmacies—the cost : a dollar a gram . The law also allows an individual to grow six marijuana plants at home or to join a cannabis club with 15 to 45 members that can collectively grow up to 99 plants . The names of members will remain confidential , she noted .
Blanco 's travel itinerary included meetings at Oaksterdam University to learn about how to launch a cannabis college and a site-visit to Project CBD for a tour de force of cannabis oil extraction equipment , a CBD-rich research grow-op , and an analytical testing lab .
After she returned home , Blanco 's group , the Association of Cannabis Studies , became the first to officially register as a marijuana-growing club . A handful of others in Montevideo and the country 's interior also signed up to grow cannabis on August 28 , 2014 , the opening day of registration , which was free of charge .
Exactly fifty years ago on the same day , Bob Dylan turned the Beatles on to marijuana in a New York City hotel room .
August 28th—it ought to be a national holiday in Uruguay and the United States .
Copyright , Project CBD . May not be reprinted without permission .
Remember how the Internet vigilantes of loosely 4chan-affiliated online collective Anonymous launched waves of distributed denial of service [ DDoS ] attacks in protest of current copyright law enforcement ? Well so does the FBI , according to a hot-off-the-presses CNET report , and they 're none too happy about it .
4chan's/Anonymous ' DDoS protests managed to take down , among other targets , the websites of the MPAA and the RIAA , the personal site of rocker and outspoken file-sharing hater Gene Simmons , who said that the attackers “ might find their little butts in jail , right next to someone who 's been there for years and is looking for a new girlfriend , ” and the United States Copyright Office 's site .
While the FBI says the attacks had been on its radar for some time , the DDoS on the U.S . Copyright Office 's site has upped the stakes .
CNET :
While one of the 4chan group 's most recent attacks came last week against the Copyright Office , it is believed that the FBI began asking questions prior to that , said the source . Since the Copyright Office attack , however , FBI agents have begun working closely with many of the organizations attacked , the source said .
Just last week , a 23-year-old student named Mitchell L. Frost was sentenced to 30 months in prison for DDoSing the websites of conservative figures including Bill O'Reilly , Rudy Giuliani , and Ann Coulter between August of 2006 and March of 2007 .
Previously : 4chan versus the Tea Party .
( via CNET )
A guest post from our reader Damian :
Over Memorial weekend at The Forgotten City , the Las Vegas official Burning Man regional over 800 participants witnessed what can only be described as the conclusion to the urban myth that is Daft Punk playing at the Trash Fence .
In the event guide released the week before an entry of “ SURPRISE ! ” was listed at 9pmon Saturday night . Sound camps such as Rootist Lounge and Epyklandia had been contacted and told to go dark at that time and to avoid the urge to use social media . In production meetings , a small handful of leads is given the logistics of creating a minimum 27ft x 27ft stage on which a pyramid would be built and an additional 70kw of power to be supplied on top of the existing solar array powered Funktion-One sound system . The stage was to be wrapped in a trash fence . Additional security was hired to patrol the ridge line of the location to prevent the predicted horde of zombies that may appear . In fact regional Cameron Grant was so convinced that he personally contacted Burning Man HQ with his concerns .
With a five hour construction of the pyramid during the day the rumors and guessing of what the surprise was had begun , and by 9pm when Daft Punk 's Contact began playing from the pyramid and then two helmeted legends stood up , the crowd literally began to lose their shit . It was mayhem : half the crowd were numb and in total astonishment , the other half were pumped and in total disbelief repeating “ no way , is it really them ? ” endlessly . The urban myth was in full force with 800 participants standing in front of a trash fence , blinded by an iconic LED pyramid wall and listening to Daft Punk played by a duo in suits and helmets .
The aftermath on social media has been priceless with people demanding to know whether Daft Punk played , deniers doubting the budget of the event and booking price , the technical specification of the pyramid , the look of the EL wire in their suits and Burning Man HQ coming down on use of headliners at a regional event .
What can be said however is that everyone had a Daft Punk at the trash fence experience and everyone experienced some controversy including the event organizer who received this voicemail message : http : //tinyurl.com/q52tbrq
Help others find Burners.Me Facebook
Twitter
Email
Telegram
Print
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
Reddit
Pocket
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) does not commonly take an active role in matters pertaining to the drug war , but in the case of Dr. Lyle E. Craker , a professor at the University of Massachusetts , outspoken is certainly one way to describe their position .
Craker 's name might sound familiar to keen observers of the drug war . After a decade of waging a hard-fought battle with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency ( DEA ) , which repeatedly denied his application for the production of medical marijuana , he recently said he would call it quits , resigning his fight in bitter defeat .
The last DEA ruling against him came in January 2009 , and contradicted the recommendation of DEA Administrative Law Judge Mary Ellen Bittner . His appeal of that decision languished for so long that last week , he and attorneys with the ACLU decided to drop the case .
`` I 'm disappointed in our system , '' the 70-year-old professor told the Associated Press last week . `` But I 'm not disappointed at what we did . I think our efforts have brought the problem to the public eye more . … This is just the first battle in a war . ''
On Monday evening , the ACLU released its final brief on Craker 's case , which calls on the DEA to grant research permits for the production of medical cannabis . They also flatly state that cannabis medicines have not yet cleared the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) is because of the DEA 's pernicious politics and tight monopoly on the granting of production licenses .
`` The federal government 's official policy is that marijuana has no medical benefit , '' they noted . `` But the government is unwilling to put its policy to the test of science : instead , the government exercises monopoly control over the nation 's supply of marijuana that may be used for scientific purposes , by allowing an agency whose mission is to explore the consequences of the abuse of marijuana—the National Institute on Drug Abuse ( NIDA ) —to determine what research may go forward regarding marijuana 's beneficial medical uses . The result is that [ … ] marijuana alone out of all potential medicines is subject to a special and obstructive process that places politics over science . ''
SPONSORED
Currently , the DEA has the marijuana plant as a `` Schedule I '' drug : a classification reserved for street drugs like heroin with no real medicinal value . However , the agency recently reclassified the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana , the chemical compound THC , to `` Schedule III , '' thereby allowing pharmaceutical companies to begin producing cannabis-based drugs .
The move was criticized by the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ( NORML ) as the height of hypocrisy . The group suggested the DEA was merely legalizing marijuana for big business to repackage and resell at exorbitant prices , while keeping penalties in place for anyone who grows the plant itself .
Thanks to the reclassification of the drug and not the plant , major pharmaceutical companies will soon be able to purchase synthesized THC from a government-licensed producer . Research on the drug 's source , however — the actual cannabis plant — remains forbidden .
And therein lies the problem , Craker 's attorneys at the ACLU wrote .
`` NIDA 's monopoly , created by DEA 's refusal to license any additional bulk manufacturer , has resulted in a dearth of privately-funded medical marijuana research for over 40 years . Until DEA ends the NIDA monopoly by registering another bulk manufacturer , such as Dr. Craker , to produce marijuana for privately-funded researchers , there can not be an adequate and uninterrupted supply of marijuana for research intended to obtain FDA approval of marijuana as a prescription medicine . ''
As a candidate for the U.S. Senate , President Barack Obama said he was in favor of eliminating the most stringent criminal penalties for marijuana possession , but has maintained that he does not support outright legalization .
In a recent interview , the director of the Office on National Drug Control Policy said that prescription pills are by far the nation 's largest drug problem , and warned that if marijuana were legal , more people might use it .
Currently , 15 states and the District of Colombia allow marijuana to be prescribed as medicine .
The ACLU 's full brief was available online ( PDF ) .
Few products have matched the excitement and the hype surrounding Google Wave , the search company 's ambitious realtime communication platform . Some believe Google Wave will replace email , while others think it could flop .
We already know that beginning September 30th , 100,000 invites to Google Wave will be released . But that 's a full two months away - what if you just ca n't wait anymore to get your hands on Google Wave ?
One developer could n't wait either , so he took the code from the Google Wave API and transformed it into an open-source version of Google Wave , called PyGoWave . Do n't get your hopes up yet though ; this version is n't quite like the real Google Wave .
An overview of PyGoWave
PyGoWave ( @ PyGoWave ) is essentially a rudimentary open-source Google Wave server . It does n't use the original Google Wave code ( it will be open-source in the near feature ) , but uses the Google Wave API to create a test version of the product .
The project actually started late last month , but has been picking up steam as features are still being implemented . This is very important : PyGoWave is not a full-featured version of Google Wave , nor does it have the Google Wave interface . It does have access to a slew of Google Wave gadgets and extensions , though ( read Google Wave Extensions : An Inside Look for info on extensions ) .
As soon as you look at PyGoWave , you can tell it 's not the same interface . Here 's a screenshot of a wave within PyGoWave :
And here 's a screenshot from the official Google Wave sandbox :
Do n't expect to get the full functionality of Google Wave in PyGoWave ( i.e . it 's really hard to start a Wave conversation ) , but you do get to try out some of Wave 's best features , primarily Wave Gadgets , as almost all of the gadgets available in the sandbox version of wave can be accessed in PyGoWave , including Maps , Wave Rating , and even a Wave Reading app . Even cooler , you can download them all .
In fact , you can download PyGoWave itself and run it on your own server , since it is an open-source project . It features downloads and even a wiki for getting started and setting up a PyGoWave server .
It 's not wave , but we 're getting closer
Let 's be clear : PyGoWave is not the open-source version of Google Wave . It 's an early approximation of the open-source version , based on the Google Wave API . It 's still not completely usable and is riddled with bugs , but so is Google Wave itself .
We are very appreciative of the PyGoWave team for undergoing this difficult project . People are very excited about Wave , and the more we learn about it , the better . The team also promise to keep building up the tool 's features and improving its usability , meaning you can expect it to become cleaner and more usable as time goes on .
Everyone can access this open-source project , so if you want to try your hand at PyGoWave , sign up and then post your username in the comments below . For the next 30 minutes , I 'll add commenters to to the Mashable Test Wave .
More Google Wave Resources from Mashable
MUSKEGON , Mich. - A man convicted of killing a woman while she jogged in western Michigan skipped out on his sentencing hearing , leaving the victim 's family unable to tell their story to the man who killed Rebekah Bletsch .
But deputies with the Muskegon County Sheriff 's Department made sure he heard those statements anyway .
According to WOOD-TV , the sheriff 's office confirmed that Jeffrey Willis listened to the statements from Bletsch 's sisters and mother as he was transferred from the Muskegon County Jail to an inmate processing center in Jackson Wednesday morning .
He reportedly listened to the CD five times .
Willis received a automatice life sentence Monday morning in one of two murder cases filed against him in the Muskegon area .
Willis was arrested in 2016 when a teenager said he tried to kidnap her . The arrest jump-started investigations of the 2014 Bletsch homicide and the 2013 disappearance of gas station clerk Jessica Heeringa .
A pistol , rope , chains , handcuffs and syringes were found in Willis ' van . The gun later was identified as the weapon used to kill Bletsch . Willis denied any role in Bletsch 's death , but jurors quickly convicted him in November .
He still faces trial in Heeringa 's disappearance .
Willis blows kiss to courtroom
Willis ' attorney asked the court for Willis to be dismissed from the sentencing hearing because it was his desire to not be present as family members spoke about Bletsch .
“ It 's unfortunate that he 's choosing this cowardly way of doing it , ” the prosecution said . “ He 's been convicted . The family deserves the right to address the court , which they intend to do , and they also , in some respects , deserve the right to address the person convicted of killing their daughter and sister . ”
Judge William Marietti said there was nothing in Michigan law that required him to keep Willis in the courtroom and approved Willis ' request . He was escorted out of the courtroom and did not hear statements from the family of Bletsch . Gasps could be heard the audience .
Willis smirked at family members as he was taken out of the courtroom , turning before exiting the room and blowing a kiss .
New bill would require felons to hear victim impact statements
Rep. Holly Hughes ( R-Montague ) unveiled legislation Thursday requiring anyone facing a life sentence in prison to hear the impact statements by victims or their families .
The bill was inspired by Willis ' sentencing hearing .
`` Anyone convicted of such a heinous crime should be required to hear directly from family members on ow their lives will be forever impacted , '' Hughes said . `` The convicted felon in the Muskegon County case stated he had a 'desire ' to leave the courtroom before the victim 's family spoke . His request was absurd and extremely painful for the family involved . Anyone convected of murder should n't have the right to dictate to the courts when he would like to leave the courtroom . ''
The bill is expected to be introduced when the state House returns to session in January 2018 .
Heeringa case background
The Norton Shores Police Department first named Willis a person of interest in May of 2016 when he was charged with trying to kidnap a 16-year-old girl near Muskegon . She told investigators that she jumped out of the man 's van to escape .
Then , also in May , the Muskegon County Prosecutor 's Office charged Willis with murder in the 2014 shooting death of 36-year-old Rebekah Bletsch .
Heeringa , a gas station clerk , went missing April 26 , 2013 right before she was set to close the Exxon Mobile station on Sternberg Road in Norton Shores .
Police had said the 25-year-old may have known her abductor because there was no sign of a struggle . However , tests done on blood droplets found at the gas station came back positive for Heeringa 's blood .
A man called 911 when he arrived at the Exxon Mobile station and found it unattended .
“ It 's very suspicious that there 's nobody here , ” he said . “ I hollered , ‘ Hey ! ' you know , walked around the building . It 's just , I do n't know , I mean they 're supposed to be open… the cashier is supposed to be there , but I do n't see anybody . ”
Listen back : Driver calls 911 after finding gas station unattended
Surveillance images and video showed what might be a suspect 's vehicle in the case -- a silver minivan .
Police also released a sketch in April 2013 of a man who was considered a person of interest in Heeringa 's case .
Take our survey ( click here to begin ) to help make ClickOnDertroit better !
Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit . The Associated Press contributed to this report . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
It is generally thought that topical cooling can interfere with blood perfusion and may have positive effects on recovery from a traumatic challenge . This study examined the influence of topical cooling on muscle damage markers and hemodynamic changes during recovery from eccentric exercise . Eleven male subjects ( age 20.2 ± 0.3 years ) performed 6 sets of elbow extension at 85 % maximum voluntary load and randomly assigned to topical cooling or sham groups during recovery in a randomized crossover fashion . Cold packs were applied to exercised muscle for 15 minutes at 0 , 3 , 24 , 48 , and 72 hours after exercise . The exercise significantly elevated circulating creatine kinase-MB isoform ( CK-MB ) and myoglobin levels . Unexpectedly , greater elevations in circulating CK-MB and myoglobin above the control level were noted in the cooling trial during 48-72 hours of the post-exercise recovery period . Subjective fatigue feeling was greater at 72 hours after topical cooling compared with controls . Removal of the cold pack also led to a protracted rebound in muscle hemoglobin concentration compared with controls . Measures of interleukin ( IL ) -8 , IL-10 , IL-1β , and muscle strength during recovery were not influenced by cooling . A peak shift in IL-12p70 was noted during recovery with topical cooling . These data suggest that topical cooling , a commonly used clinical intervention , seems to not improve but rather delay recovery from eccentric exercise-induced muscle damage .
Jud Box has spent eight years coping with the death of his firefighter son at the World Trade Center — but that did n't prepare him for what he saw posted to a new online archive of photos and videos about the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
Scrolling through the archive , Box came face to face with his son , Gary Box , a firefighter with Brooklyn 's Squad 1 , who was captured by a digital camera lugging his gear through a traffic-clogged Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel on his way to Ground Zero .
It 's the last known photo of Gary Box , then 35 , who died an hour later in the toppling towers . His remains were never recovered .
“ I walked out of the room and fell on the floor , ” the elder Box said of discovering the photo in the online archive being assembled by the World Trade Center Memorial Museum , which has collected 3,000 images and videos in just two months .
“ It was a shock emotionally , yet a blessing to find this photo , ” says Box , 66 , now of Weirsdale , Fla. His voice quaking with emotion from recounting his discovery of the photo , Box said he can no longer bring himself to look at it .
“ It 's like looking at a walking dead man . You know what happened to him within 45 minutes , ” he said .
The Web site , called Make History Happen , was launched around Sept. 11 of this year as a way to collect images related to the World Trade Center .
Memorial Foundation President Joseph Daniels said 9/11 is the most photographed event of our time — perhaps in all history — and that collecting those still and moving images is an important part of understanding the historic event .
Gary Box , who was among 12 members of Squad 1 to die at the World Trade Center , was a five-year veteran of the department . He was married , with two children when he died working as a firefighter — the job he had dreamed of since he was a kid .
Although he can no longer look at the photo of his son in turnout gear walking through the tunnel , his firetruck in the background , Box said he 's grateful it 's there .
“ It meant more than words can describe for me to have access to what is probably the last photo taken of my son , ” Box said .
Contributions of photos , video or written stories can be submitted to http : //www.makehistory.national911memorial.org .
tom.topousis @ nypost.com
There is more than one way to shoot a bow . Figuring out which shooting style is best for you is a matter of knowledge and practice . Your mentors shooting style may not be meant for you , but that does n't mean that you should not learn it . Like anything else in life , knowledge is power . That is also true in archery . Sometimes we find that what we do n't like can teach us more about the things that we do like . Here are several shooting styles that fall under the Traditional Classification . Which style did you choose ?
Instinctive Shooting
The practice of Instinctive shooting has been explained , or attempted to be explained by countless others . I only hope that my explanation does this practice justice . Instinctive shooters do not aim in the literal sense of the word , “ Aim. ” Instinctive shooters look down the shaft of the arrow without focusing on the arrow itself . Their focus is directed on the target itself . Not the whole target , but a minute spot within the target .
An instinctive archers precision and accuracy comes from a subconscious calculation in the mind that directly correlates with their muscle memory giving them the proper elevation and lateral placement on which they will release the arrow . The most common analogy for this method is that of a baseball pitcher . When a pitcher throws his ball into the strike zone he does not aim before he throws the ball . It is an instinctive action that comes from a lot of practice .
This does not mean that an instinctive archer can disregard all the other aspects of his/her form . The basic form practices are still needed to provide for accuracy . Even the slightest of variants will have an adverse effect on their shot .
Gap Shooting
Gap Shooting is the process of using references on your equipment to aim at your target . A gap shooter will use different reference points depending on the distance that the target is from the archer .
Some gap shooters will use their arrows as reference . Depending on the how far away the target is will affect where they place the tip of their arrow to aim . For example : At 20 yards the archer will use the tip of his arrow to aim directly at the center of the bulls- eye . At 30 yards that same archer will use the tip of his arrow to aim 1 inch above the bulls-eye .
Other gap shooters will use the riser on their bows as a Gapping reference . For example : The archer will use the peak of their riser to aim directly at the bulls-eye . At 60 yards , that same archer will use their arrow shelf to aim at the bulls-eye . At 30 yard , that same archer will use the center of the riser ( halfway between the arrow shelf and the top of the riser ) to aim at the bulls-eye .
Face Walking
Face Walking is considered to be illegal in many competitions , but it is a very effective style . A face walker will use different anchor points on his/her face depending on their distance from the target . From these anchor points they may also incorporate a gap shooting method . For example : A face shooter may use his cheekbone to anchor for a 20-yard shot and aim with the tip of the arrow directly on the bulls-eye . They may anchor at the corner of their lip for a 40-yard shot and aim with the tip of the arrow 1 inch below the bulls-eye
String Walking
String walking is a very accurate shooting style , but is also considered illegal in many competitions . During the process of string walking , an archer will use the same anchor point and the same point of aim for every shot . The archer will move their string hand closer or further away from the nock point on their string depending on their distance from the target .
String Walkers generally use a finger tab with a solid backplate for string placement consistency . Their finger tab will have small marks next to the solid backing to mark the placement for each range . They will then place the tab on their string right under the string nock . They will count the markings on the tab until they reach the desired marking for their range . They will then place their thumb where that marking meets the string and move their tab down to the spot marked by their thumb .
UPDATE : 2/10/2013
The information mentioned above is based off of personal knowledge of NFAA Rules . I have been informed that FITA does allow Face Walking and String Walking in the Barebow Classifications for competitions .
Advertisements
Posted by Charlie , under NOTEBOOK
Let me be honest at the beginning here and disclose two important things before you read on . Besides the fact that I am morphing into Andy Herald…
First , I have been working for 20th Television ( Fox ) for the past few months doing online strategy at the Kris Jenner Show , among others . These comments do not reflect the opinions of my employers . They are my own . I 've been managing many different digital roles thrown together but I 'm proud of the work I 've done and paid the price in sleep deprivation . Pardon the incoherence in my writing . This is our final week of the show .
Second , my familiarity with Kanye West is amateur at best . I know some of his music . I know a few of the headlines . But I 'm not a reliable biographer . The most interesting detail to me about his life here and now is his role as a father . I 'm mildly obsessed with understanding how a man 's life alters his ability to father , how his skills and self-belief mold his guardianship over his children . Today 's interview with Kanye on the Kris Jenner Show reveals a side not often seen in the media . It was surprising to watch being taped .
Sure , there was the hurricane Katrina fundraiser moment when he threw an opinion grenade as Mike Myers stood next to him wide-eyed and helpless in a moment of Canadian politeness . Kanye has compared himself to Steve Jobs , Michael Jordan , Anna Wintour , Henry Ford , Howard Hughes , Walt Disney and Jesus . The man has simply never completely made sense to me . He is a study in contradictions and somewhat of an undefined variable . I do n't know everything he has said or done , but I ca n't help seeing him in a new light . After meeting him , I am sort of riveted . Fascinated .
We shook hands in a very cordial moment and he politely made my acquaintance . Minutes later , I clicked the shutter on my camera as I watched him talk about being with Kim , how they met and fell in love , and what it was like to father a child for the first time . I kept asking myself if it was all real . There was no bombast . He seemed sincere . One moment that stuck out to me was his description of how he had changed due to North 's birth , “ When my daughter was first born people asked me , ‘ How do you feel ? Is everything different ? ' And it 's like , no . Not really . It takes time to understand . You 've met a brand-new person and the thing I think about as a dad is just protection . That 's my only goal is to protect my daughter . ”
I think becoming a father changes you , and people who say it does n't looking at themselves or the world around them . It might not change you in ways you 're familiar with or can acknowledge , but the result is substantial . You ca n't bring life into this world and not look at the world differently .
But Kanye 's admission about not feeling any different sort of underscores an observation I made from meeting him in person . I believe he is an introvert playing an extrovert 's game . He recognizes that some experiences need to be looked at and patiently understood . Though thoughtfulness is n't usually found in the first paragraph in magazine articles , the layering of his music supports my claim and if you watch him speak in this interview today , you 'll see it . There is n't a smile on his face because he 's processing things . He 's listening and churning inside . His mind lets him smile when he 's overcome with the impulse to do so , but not until his thinking is overwhelmed . If I could listen in on his inner monologue , I feel like it would be a sea of critical thinking about himself and the world .
“ For me as a dad , I 'm supposed to be this musical genius but I really ca n't work the car seat that well. ” -West on Fatherhood
I knew I would end up writing about him somehow , and that is perhaps Kanye 's most valuable asset to date . He provokes conversation and reaction , the worth and intent behind which are subject to great speculation . To say that Kanye is a polarizing figure is an understatement , but I 've met a few artists in my time here in Los Angeles . Many of them provoke a response that makes the public look at themselves or the world around them . When I shook Kanye 's hand and listened to him speak candidly as a father , something shifted in the tumultuous atmosphere of my bias about him . I was very conflicted .
More proof of my fame . The back of my head as I pretend to take photos of someone actually famous .
The expression “ celebrities are just like us ” is trite but it has a kernel of validity . As we peer into the lives of people putting themselves on public display , our minds overcompensate to fill in the gaps with our fantasies and our nightmares creating a sense that we know and can judge the person completely . I still have no idea how to formulate my thoughts on Kanye . I imagine him as a person who considers himself a deity , not unlike Zeus , capable of producing children . But even Zeus had to come down off Mount Olympus to deal with his demanding kids . Trade lightning bolts for lyrical beats .
Some of the things Kanye said definitely stoked my imagination about being a dad . He talked about being the son of an artist and an english major , about striving for innovation and how the loss of his mother profoundly impacted him , “ After I lost my mother , there were times I put my life at risk . I felt at times like I did n't have something to live for . Now I have two really special people to live for . A whole family to live for . A whole world to live for . ”
So , it 's no accident he has found himself part of a family with one of the most well-known matriarchs around today . Kanye 's mother was his manager , his momager . Kris Jenner has created a tight-knit gaggle , as she puts it , and a house that is always bustling with family .
The trouble with egocentric people is not their arrogance but their belief in their own imperviousness and devaluing of others . Today , Kanye reveals that he 's made mistakes . I wonder if pre-North Kanye West would 've said , “ The last thing I would want to happen to my daughter is some crazy , drunk black guy in a leather shirt to come up and cut her off at an awards show . ”
Parenting is a humbling experience . Daily . I do n't have a daughter but I imagine it would bring me to my knees . My son challenges me and continues to demonstrate how vulnerable I am . While Kanye West still remains somewhat enigmatic to me , I can now see him as a father pushing a stroller down the block . I feel I understand him more . I do n't want to go to bat for him .
Whether we like it or not , fatherhood changes us all . Perhaps even Yeezuses .
–
Follow us on Facebook . Fatherhood changes you . And so does our Facebook page…
Instructional Diagram Vacation
Need a laugh ? These could be why Kanye smiles so much . Who knows ?
Athletes and spectators attending the Winter Olympics in Sochi in February will face some of the most invasive and systematic spying and surveillance in the history of the Games , documents shared with the Guardian show .
Russia 's powerful FSB security service plans to ensure that no communication by competitors or spectators goes unmonitored during the event , according to a dossier compiled by a team of Russian investigative journalists looking into preparations for the 2014 Games .
In a ceremony on Red Square on Sunday afternoon , the president , Vladimir Putin , held the Olympic flame aloft and sent it on its epic journey around the country , saying Russia and its people had always been imbued with the qualities of `` openness and friendship '' , making Sochi the perfect destination for the Olympics .
But government procurement documents and tenders from Russian communication companies indicate that newly installed telephone and internet spying capabilities will give the FSB free rein to intercept any telephony or data traffic and even track the use of sensitive words or phrases mentioned in emails , webchats and on social media .
The journalists , Andrei Soldatov and Irina Borogan , who are experts on the Russian security services , collated dozens of open source technical documents published on the Zakupki government procurement agency website , as well as public records of government oversight agencies . They found that major amendments have been made to telephone and Wi-Fi networks in the Black Sea resort to ensure extensive and all-permeating monitoring and filtering of all traffic , using Sorm , Russia 's system for intercepting phone and internet communications .
Putin at a Sochi Olympic flame ceremony in Moscow on Sunday . Photograph : Ivan Sekretarev/AP
The Sorm system is being modernised across Russia , but particular attention has been paid to Sochi given the large number of foreign visitors expected next year . Technical specifications set out by the Russian state telecoms agency also show that a controversial technology known as deep packet inspection , which allows intelligence agencies to filter users by particular keywords , is being installed across Russia 's networks , and is required to be compatible with the Sorm system .
`` For example you can use the keyword Navalny , and work out which people in a particular region are using the word Navalny , '' says Soldatov , referring to Alexei Navalny , Russia 's best-known opposition politician . `` Then , those people can be tracked further . ''
Ron Deibert , a professor at the University of Toronto and director of Citizen Lab , which co-operated with the Sochi research , describes the Sorm amendments as `` Prism on steroids '' , referring to the programme used by the NSA in the US and revealed to the Guardian by the whistleblower Edward Snowden . `` The scope and scale of Russian surveillance are similar to the disclosures about the US programme but there are subtle differences to the regulations , '' says Deibert . `` We know from Snowden 's disclosures that many of the checks were weak or sidestepped in the US , but in the Russian system permanent access for Sorm is a requirement of building the infrastructure . ''
`` Even as recently as the Beijing Olympics , the sophistication of surveillance and tracking capabilities were nowhere near where they are today . ''
Gus Hosein , executive director of Privacy International , which also co-operated with the research , said : `` Since 2008 , more people are travelling with smartphones with far more data than back then , so there is more to spy on . ''
Wary of Sorm 's capabilities , earlier this year a leaflet from the US state department 's bureau of diplomatic security warned anyone travelling to the Games to be extremely cautious with communications .
`` Business travellers should be particularly aware that trade secrets , negotiating positions , and other sensitive information may be taken and shared with competitors , counterparts , and/or Russian regulatory and legal entities , '' the document reads . The advice contains an extraordinary list of precautions for visitors who wish to ensure safe communications , such as removing batteries from phones when not in use and only travelling with `` clean '' devices .
Soldatov and Borogan have discovered that the FSB has been working since 2010 to upgrade the Sorm system to ensure it can cope with the extra traffic during the Games . All telephone and ISP providers have to install Sorm boxes in their technology by law , and once installed , the FSB can access data without the provider ever knowing , meaning every phone call or internet communication can be logged . Although the FSB technically requires a warrant to intercept a communication , it is not obliged to show it to anyone .
Tellingly , the FSB has appointed one of its top counterintelligence chiefs , Oleg Syromolotov , to be in charge at Sochi : security will thus be overseen by someone who has spent his career chasing foreign spies rather than terrorists .
Another target may well be gay rights , likely to be one of the biggest issues of the Games . Putin has said that competitors who wear rainbow pins , for example , will not be arrested under the country 's controversial new law that bans `` homosexual propaganda '' . However , it is likely that any attempts to stage any kind of rally or gathering to support gay rights will be ruthlessly broken up by police , as has been the case on numerous occasions in Russian cities in the past . Using DPI , Russian authorities will be able to identify , tag and follow all visitors to the Olympics , both Russian and foreign , who are discussing gay issues , and possibly planning to organise protests .
`` Athletes may have particular political views , or they may be openly gay , '' says Deibert . `` I think given recent developments in Russia , we have to be worried about these issues . ''
At a rare FSB press conference this week , an official , Alexei Lavrishchev , denied security and surveillance at the Games would be excessive , and said that the London Olympics featured far more intrusive measures . `` There , they even put CCTV cameras in , excuse me for saying it , the toilets , '' said Lavrishchev . `` We are not taking this kind of measure . ''
The FSB did not respond to a request for comment from the Guardian , while a spokesperson for the Sochi Olympics referred all requests to the security services . But Russian authorities often express a belief that NGOs working on human rights and other issues have subversive agendas dictated from abroad , and the FSB apparently feels that with so many potentially dangerous foreigners descending on the Black Sea resort for the Olympics , it has a duty to keep an eye on them .
In the end , the goal is overarching , but simple , says Soldatov : `` Russian authorities want to make sure that every connection and every move made online in Sochi during the Olympics will be absolutely transparent to the secret services of the country . ''
According to the Book of Judges , Eglon ( Hebrew : עֶגְלוֹן‎ ‘ Eḡlōn ) was a king of Moab who oppressed Israel . [ 1 ] According to Cristiano Grottanelli , the story of Eglon recorded in Judges is mythical material . [ 2 ]
He was the head of the confederacy of Moab , Ammon and Amalek in their assault on Israel . [ 3 ] One day , Ehud came presenting a customary tribute and tricked Eglon and stabbed him with his sword , but when Ehud attempted to draw the sword back out , the obese king 's excess fat prevented its retrieval . His servants , believing he was relieving himself , left him be . In the aftermath of his death , the Moabites were routed and the Israelites enjoyed eighty years of peace . [ 1 ]
Rabbis in the Talmudic tradition claimed that Ruth was Eglon 's daughter . According to this tradition , Eglon was rewarded for rising out of respect when Ehud mentioned the Israelite God by having King David as a descendant . This can also be seen as an attempt to provide a royal lineage to David . The Talmud also describes Eglon as the grandson of Balak . [ 4 ] There is , however , no basis in the actual verses for such an assertion .
His descendants [ edit ]
According to a legend in a midrash , the two Moabite women from the Book of Ruth Orpah and Ruth , were sisters , and both were daughters of the Moabite king Eglon ( Ruth R. ii . 9 ) . According to this same midrash Eglon was a son of Balak , the king of Moab introduced in Numbers 22 .
B.C . government liquor warehouses in Vancouver , Victoria and Kamloops will be hit by strike action next week .
The B.C . Government Employees Union has issued a 72-hour strike notice for the main Liquor Distribution Branch operation in Vancouver , a warehouse in Kamloops and a wholesale centre in Victoria .
The workers have said they will walk off the job at the Vancouver site for 24 hours beginning 11:30 pm Monday night . Workers in Victoria and Kamloops plan pickets for periods on Tuesday .
The only retail government liquor store that would be affected by the strike action is the main distribution branch location at Broadway Ave. and Lillooet St. in Vancouver .
The union said all government liquor stores will remain open , except for the retail outlet next to the Vancouver warehouse and distribution head office . ( CBC )
The union said all other government liquor stores will remain open .
The walkout will be the first action taken after the union asked a mediator to book out of contract negotiations a week ago .
The BCGEU , which represents 25,000 government workers across B.C. , said talks with the B.C . Government are stalled over the union 's demands for wage and cost of living increases .
While fans in Japan are currently enjoying the 3DS version of Nintendo 's latest Super Smash Bros. release , a launch date has yet to be set for its console companion in any region apart from a vague “ Holiday 2014 ” window . In his latest Miiverse posting , Masahiro Sakurai may have just provided a glimpse at how the title will begin appearing across the globe later this year .
According to the director , Japan will be receiving Super Smash Bros. for Wii U first , continuing the tradition set by previous franchise installments . How long of a gap this will entail , however , is still unknown . The handheld counterpart first launched in the land of the rising sun on September 13 , with subsequent releases in North America , Europe , and Australia planned for the early days of October .
Earlier this week , details leaked from American retailer Fred Meyer shined a spotlight on November 21 as a possible Wii U release date , but Nintendo has yet to make an official announcement regarding the matter . If this turns out to be true , we could very well see the two versions released in close succession .
Source : Miiverse via Destructoid
Advertisement
It deeply saddens us to report that team Telenet-Fidea reported today that their well-known and much-loved cyclocrosser , American Amy Dombroski , was killed in a collision with a truck while motor pacing behind a scooter in Holland .
Dombroski was just 26 years old .
The Boulder and Belgium-based cyclocross racer had just arrived in Belgium after racing in Gloucester and was preparing for her first race of the season in Europe in what was to be her third European season . Her career in cyclocross has been an impressive rise to US and Euro fame .
Our hearts go out to Amy 's friends and family . We will miss you greatly Amy .
On a personal note , over the years of reporting , I 've had the privilege of getting to know Amy as both a reporter and as a friend , and to lose such a wonderful , vibrant person is a huge loss . She will be greatly missed . -M.H .
Outsourcing the messier religious duties
Usually , the post office is where you send mail or pay your bills . In Saudi Arabia during the hajj , it 's where you pay for your animal sacrifice .
It costs 460 riyals , or about $ 120 , to have a sheep slaughtered . The sacrifice , known as the hadi , is incumbent on all pilgrims , who must donate at least two-thirds of the meat to the poor .
Modern pilgrims usually have a slaughterhouse near Mecca do this for them , via the local post office .
How do you know your animal was sacrificed ? By text message , of course .
Outside Saudi Post in Mina , the sprawling tent city where pilgrims live for part of the hajj , Marwan Nabil , 22 , who is from Yemen , began to worry when he had not received his confirmation .
President Michael D Higgins has travelled to the midwestern United States for a week-long trip .
The visit is intended to highlight the cultural , economic and political links between Ireland and the US .
He will meet Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel tomorrow and Governor of Illinois Pat Quinn early next week .
Mr Higgins is due to discuss Ireland 's economic development with them .
The President also has an extensive range of arts and cultural engagements scheduled .
He will meet some of the immigrant support groups who assist Irish people in Illinois and provide services to the estimated 5,000 undocumented Irish in the region .
On Saturday , he will deliver the commencement address at two graduation ceremonies at the Indiana University , where he graduated with a Masters in Sociology in 1967 .
He will also be conferred with an honorary doctorate .
The Indonesian Consumers Foundation ( YLKI ) has urged the Food and Drug Monitoring Agency ( BPOM ) to force a snack company to withdraw the online distribution of Bihun Kekinian snack , which it shortens into “ Bikini ” , for what it says is impropriety .
“ YLKI has filed a protest and demands the product be taken out of distribution . BPOM should reprimand the producer and tell them to stop the sale of the products through their online store , ” YLKI executive chairman Tulus Abadi said as quoted by Antara news agency on Wednesday .
Tulus added that the foundation had also found that the snack had not yet been registered with the BPOM , even though it carries a halal stamp .
“ This snack is inappropriate , especially for kids , ” Tulus said , citing the snack packaging , which depicts a woman in a bikini and the words “ Squeeze me ” . ( dmr )
Opponents and supporters of abortion rights gather in the State Capitol rotunda in Austin on July 12 , 2013 . ( Photo : Tamir Kalifa , AP ) Story Highlights 15 states require clinic doctors to have hospital admitting privileges
26 states require abortion-providing clinics to meet surgical facility standards
Some women use clinics as their exclusive health care provider
New state restrictions on clinics that provide abortions could leave millions of women -- many of them poor and uninsured -- without easy access to cancer screenings and other basic health care services .
In recent years , abortion opponents have tried to limit abortions by barring them after a certain number of weeks and by requiring women who want to end their pregnancies to have ultrasounds . Those strategies target abortion directly .
Now abortion opponents in some states are pushing for new standards for clinics , such as requiring doctors to have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital , that may be difficult or impossible for them to meet . Abortion rights supporters fear the new rules could force many clinics to close -- a result that would make it more difficult for women to get a broad array of health care services , not just abortions .
`` Every time a clinic closes , the women who would be using those clinics , it 's not as if those women stop existing , '' said Kimberly Inez McGuire of the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health , an advocacy group . `` It will affect whether women can get cancer screenings , whether women can get to a provider to get their blood pressure checked . ''
`` Clinics that serve women who may not have insurance are literally a lifeline , '' McGuire said .
Fifteen states now require clinic doctors to have hospital admitting privileges , according to the Guttmacher Institute , which supports abortion rights . In addition , 26 states require abortion-providing clinics to meet surgical facility standards , which stipulate everything from the size of certain rooms , the types of light switches used and the width of hallways .
Supporters say such requirements are common-sense public health measures . They cite high-profile examples of poor oversight and gruesome malpractice cases , most notably the Kermit Gosnell case in Philadelphia .
`` What is so wrong about having high health standards in place ? '' asked Alabama Rep. Mary Sue McClurkin , who sponsored legislation which includes clinic regulations and requirements for doctors that has been blocked by a federal judge . `` If they would just do what was in the best interest of the patient , it would not be a problem . ''
Opponents of such laws say they might close a vital health care entryway for women . In many states , the clinics offer services ranging from sexually transmitted disease testing and treatment to mammograms , Pap tests and cancer screenings . They also offer family planning counseling and birth control services—in many cases at reduced fees for the uninsured .
In 2011 and 2012 , the Guttmacher Institute conducted a survey of women receiving services at family planning centers located in communities in which there were other health care options . About four in 10 women said they used a clinic as their exclusive health care provider in the past year . Among other reasons , the women said they preferred going to a clinic because staff there knew more about women 's health and it was easier to talk to them about sex .
The connection between the clinics , public health care programs and women 's health was further underscored by a Kaiser Family Foundation study . The report noted that in many states , there are few providers willing to accept Medicaid or other subsidized insurance programs . In those places , the clinics are a vital , and sometimes the only , option for low-income people .
For example , in 2011 Texas blocked Planned Parenthood-affiliated health centers from receiving funds from the state 's Medicaid Women 's Health Program . Prior to the funding cut-off , those centers were caring for nearly 50,000 patients . The program served 63 percent fewer women the year after the cuts , state data showed .
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists has also argued that clinic closings could damage women 's health . The group blasted Texas ' new abortion law and measures under consideration in North Carolina .
Those who back the laws argue the regulations would make the clinics safer .
So far , courts have n't bought that argument , seeing laws that could shutter clinics as potentially unconstitutionally restrictive of abortion . Courts already have blocked physician requirements in Mississippi and Alabama . Last week , Wisconsin 's law was temporarily blocked by a federal judge and advocates are preparing to fight Texas ' law as well .
`` The courts have seen right through the arguments that this is somehow supposed to protect women 's health , '' said Julie Rikelman of the Center for Reproductive Rights , which is involved in the legal fights . `` These laws really hurt women 's health , not help them . ''
Stateline is a nonpartisan , nonprofit news service of the Pew Charitable Trusts that provides daily reporting and analysis on trends in state policy .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1c2xCDi
INDIANAPOLIS , IN - AUGUST 19 : Roy Helu # 26 of the Washington Redskins runs with the ball during the game against Indianapolis Colts at Lucas Oil Stadium on August 19 , 2011 in Indianapolis , Indiana . ( Photo by Andy Lyons/Getty Images ) Credit : Andy Lyons/Getty Images
Somebody forgot to tell Roy Helu that Friday night was supposed to be about John Beck .
A week after carrying the ball just eight times in Washington 's preseason opener , Helu notched 14 rushes and 18 touches , serving as the focal point of the Redskins ' offense in a coming-out party that saw the rookie tailback amass 124 all-purpose yards .
“ I thought he showed us a lot tonight , ” head coach Mike Shanahan said . “ One of the reasons why we drafted him is we thought he had that big-time speed . ”
Helu rushed for 101 yards , showcasing speed and shiftiness as he darted in and out of traffic and around would-be tacklers.He picked up 51 of his yards on one fascinating carry that saw him sprint all the way to the sideline before coming to a complete stop so that he could change directions to continue making his way down the field .
The 22 year-old also caught a team-high four passes .
“ The offensive line did a great job out there , ” Helu said after his stellar performance . “ It seemed like they got push off the line . The only mistakes were not from them but from me . There are a lot of things I have to improve off the top of my head but only film will [ tell ] . ”
One of the many lead-blockers who was creating holes for Helu was tight end Logan Paulsen . A second-year contributor known for his run-blocking , Paulsen liked what he says from Washington 's emerging prospect in the backfield .
“ He 's just got it , ” Paulsen said . “ You know those guys who just see it and feel it the right way ? It 's awesome to see him do that and to run so fast because you do n't have to hold [ a block ] as long . ”
A fourth-round pick selected 105th overall in April 's draft , Helu will have to continue to hone his pass-protection skills if he hopes to expand his role in the Redskins ' backfield as the season progresses . But for now , he looks to be a safe option to make the roster and the ideal change-of-pace back to supplement the power rushing styles of both Tim Hightower and Ryan Torain .
“ He 's a different runner but he compliments me very well , ” said Hightower , who rushed for 70 yards on six carries on Friday night .
“ He pushed me today , which you want to see . I 'm a competitive guy . I like competition and it brings out the best . He 's done a great job . He 's coming along very quickly and he showed why they drafted him tonight . ”
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Tens of thousands of Britons called on the government on Friday to nominate Malala Yousufzai , a Pakistani girl shot in the head by the Taliban for advocating girls ' education , for the Nobel Peace Prize .
Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousufzai reads a card as she recuperates at the The Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham , in this undated handout photograph released to Reuters on November 8 , 2012 . REUTERS/Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham/Handout
The 15-year-old is receiving specialist treatment in the English city of Birmingham after gunmen shot her on October 9 for standing up against the Taliban and openly advocating education for women .
The attack has drawn widespread international condemnation and Yousufzai has become a powerful symbol of resistance to the Taliban 's attempts to suppress women 's rights .
On Friday , a campaign led by a Pakistani-British woman urged Prime Minister David Cameron and other senior government officials to nominate Yousufzai for the Nobel Peace Prize .
“ Malala does n't just represent one young woman , she speaks out for all those who are denied an education purely on the basis of their gender , ” campaign leader Shahida Choudhary said in a statement issued by global petition platform Change.org .
More than 30,000 people have signed the petition in Britain as part of a global push by women 's rights advocates to nominate her for the prize . Similar campaigns have sprung up in Canada , France and Spain .
Under the Nobel Committee 's rules , only prominent figures such as members of national assemblies and governments are able to make nominations .
Yousufzai was unconscious and fighting for her life when she was flown to Britain a month ago but the hospital in Birmingham where she is being treated says she is recovering well .
On Friday it released photographs of Yousufzai reading a book and clutching a white teddy bear , dark bruises covering her eyelids .
She appeared serious and focused on her reading , her hair covered with a bright pink-and-white scarf .
Her father and other family members have flown to Birmingham , which has a large Pakistani diaspora , to oversee her recovery . On October 26 her father said his daughter would “ rise again ” to pursue her dreams after hospital treatment .
Her shooting was the culmination of years of campaigning that had pitted the young girl against one of Pakistan 's most ruthless Taliban commanders , Maulana Fazlullah .
Fazlullah and his men have taken over Yusufzai 's native Swat Valley and have blown up girls ' schools and publicly executed those they deem immoral . An army offensive in Swat has however forced many Taliban fighters to flee .
The call to nominate the girl comes on the eve of this Saturday 's “ Global Day of Action ” for Yousufzai , marking one month since her shooting .
In October , the Nobel Peace Prize went to the European Union for promoting peace and democracy .
I want to give a HUGE thank you to /u/EndlessExclusive for the amazing gift ! It was much more than necessary , but I really appreciate it : )
I received my gift on Thursday night but was a bit too crazy with work to open it . Today I open the shipping package to find a gift wrapped package inside .
I smile as I open my first early Christmas present . Inside was stuffed with a few items . The first thing I pulled out was a note from my Secret Santa . I did n't include an image of the note because of personal information , but it started off by saying `` Merry Christmas Freund0 , heard you got stiffed on a gift last year . Hope I can make it up this year . Enjoy your gifts . ''
First off my mind was blown . I had to start thinking back on past gift exchanges , trying to remember if I was stiffed or not . I actually had to log in and check my history to find I was stiffed on Arbitrary Day 2013 exchange . Reddit Gifts must flag my account telling people not to stiff me again , even though it was so long ago ? Still , I am amazed and thankful at this act of kindness from EndlessExclusive .
I start to pull out the items and find a glass bottle with sand and seashells , a post card and matches from a restaurant called Le Zoo in Bal Harbour , FL . I smile because I love collecting little knickknacks from around the country . I do n't travel as much as I want to , so these items give me connections to places around the world . This is all I ask for every year during gift exchange .
After I remove these items , I see what appears to be a shirt at the bottom of the box . I reach down to grab it and feel an object wrapped inside the shirt . I unfold the shirt ( which was an awesome Hollywood Beach , FL shirt btw ! ) and find a SightMark red dot sight for my guns inside . I was dumbfounded for a second . This is much more than I ever dreamed of receiving as a gift from someone . Thank you so much EndlessExclusive ! You have gone above and beyond my expectations and I ca n't say thank you enough .
7 years ago
( CNN ) - A large gender gap appears to be developing between supporters of GOP presidential candidates Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum , as well as a split between white collar and blue collar Republicans , according to a new national survey .
A CNN/ORC International poll also indicates that Santorum supporters are much more highly motivated than those backing Romney .
See full results ( pdf )
Follow the Ticker on Twitter : @ PoliticalTicker
`` The new numbers indicate a split in the Republican party that goes deeper than ideology , with signs of a gender gap and class warfare breaking out in the GOP ranks , '' says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland .
According to the survey , released Tuesday afternoon , Santorum and Romney are basically all tied up for the lead in the race for the GOP nomination . Thirty four percent of Republicans and independents who lean towards the GOP say they back Santorum , the former senator from Pennsylvania , with 32 % backing Romney , the former Massachusetts governor who has been at or near the top of national polling over the past year . Santorum 's two point margin over Romney is well within the survey 's sampling error .
The poll indicates that Rep. Ron Paul of Texas is at 16 % , with former House Speaker Newt Gingrich at 15 % . Four other surveys released over the past day also suggest the race for the nomination knotted up between Romney and Santorum . All of the polls , including the CNN survey , were conducted entirely after Santorum 's victories over Romney , Gingrich and Paul last Tuesday in caucuses in Colorado and Minnesota and a non-binding primary in Missouri . Santorum 's sweep of the February 7 contests sparked his surge in national and state polling , and cemented the perception that Romney was having a hard time locking down support of core conservatives .
Santorum 's newfound support may be coming from Republicans who backed candidates who are no longer in the race , like Texas Gov . Rick Perry . But the poll also indicates that Santorum 's surge is also the product of a notable gender gap , with Santorum holding a 10-point edge among Republican men and Romney winning Republican women by nine points . And Republicans who describe themselves as blue collar are backing Santorum by 11 points over Romney . But among those who say they come from white collar families , Romney has a 10-point advantage .
The poll also indicates Santorum topping Romney 45 % to 29 % among self-described tea party movement supporters , with Romney edging out Santorum 34 % to 29 % among people who do n't describe themselves as tea party supporters .
It 's a similar story when it comes to self described born-again voters , with Santorum leading that group by a 42 % to 24 % margin over Romney , and Romney beating Santorum 40 % to 26 % who do n't describe themselves as born-again .
`` According to the survey , Santorum Republicans are also much more highly motivated than Romney Republicans , with more than half of Santorum 's voters saying they strongly support him , compared to less than four in ten Romney voters - and enthusiasm for Santorum as the eventual nominee is highest among the four remaining challengers , '' adds Holland .
Nonetheless , an overwhelming number of Republicans see Romney as most likely to win the GOP nomination , and a majority continues to believe that Romney has the best chance of defeating President Barack Obama in the November general election .
Are Republicans happy with the remaining choices in the field ? The poll indicates the answer is yes , but satisfaction with current candidates has slipped 11 points since the fall . And the eventual winner may receive a less-than-enthusiastic response from the GOP rank and file . Only a third say they would be enthusiastic about a Santorum victory , and that puts him at the top of the field . Only one in five say they would be enthusiastic if Romney were the nominee .
The CNN poll was conducted by ORC International from February 10-13 , with 478 Republicans and independents who lean towards the GOP questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 4.5 percentage points .
Also see :
Romney seeks to unite conservatives
Protestors disrupt Santorum event , get arrested
National Review calls for Gingrich to leave race
Pro-Romney super PAC increases buy in Michigan
While the newly-empowered House Republican majority in Washington jabbers about repealing President Obama 's beloved healthcare legislation , a federal court suit challenging the massive measure 's constitutionality proceeds in Florida .
Since actual repeal of the measure is virtually impossible given Democrat control of the Senate and the presidential veto , the lawsuit by 20 state attorneys general and the National Federation of Independent Businesses is the biggest threat to the nearly 3,000-page bill.The GOP-controlled House may also choose not to fund all or parts of the legislation .
The crux of the lawsuit is that the individual mandate , the new federal requirement that every individual acquire health insurance , is unconstitutional .
About-to-be-House Speaker John Boehner has now added his friend of the court brief to Judge Roger Vinson 's bulging file folders in Pensacola . Boehner 's brief joins those by Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell , Minnesota Gov . Tim Pawlenty and others .
Boehner argues that the mandate has distorted the Constitution to vastly expand congressional power and diminish accountability to American voters .
Now that the bill has been signed and actually read by legislators , even Obama acknowledges that some legislative tweaks are necessary in the new year .
The next scheduled court hearing is Dec. 16 .
-- Andrew Malcolm
Speaking of good health , protect yours by clicking here now to follow The Ticket via Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item . Or follow us @ latimestot . Our Facebook Like page is over here . We 're also available on Kindle now . Use the ReTweet buttons below to share any item with family and friends .
Photo : Associated Press
Egerman said he met ­Warren when he happened to sit across the aisle from her on an airplane a few years ago . His son had been her student at Harvard Law School , and he was familiar with her advocacy on financial regulation .
Before Warren entered the Senate race , when she was explor­ing a run , she privately reached out to key people with access to a national web of ­donors . Among them were ­Barbara Lee , the Cambridge philanthropist who promotes female Democrats around the country ; Stephanie Schriock , president of the EMILY 's List political action committee that also supports Democratic women and has since raised $ 880,000 for Warren ; and Paul Egerman , a retired software entrepreneur who now chairs Warren 's finance committee .
Though Brown is not raising money as fast as Warren , he still has more cash available , the result of $ 7 million left over from the 2010 special election , plus the $ 11.9 million raised over the last two years .
Her fund-raising network is bolsteredby these diehard ­activists and their followers . Yet it includes donors at every level of Democratic politics , includ­ing mainstream party leaders motivated to retain control of the Senate ; the elite from Hollywood , Boca Raton , and Wellesley who give maximum $ 5,000 contributions ; and $ 125 house party guests in Watertown .
Polls show the number of voters who view Warren un­favor­ably ticked slightly upward between March and May , as she struggled to explain why she listed herself as a Native American in a legal directory , even though she lacked documentation . But there was no sign of concern when she spoke earlier this month at the ­Netroots Nation conference in Providence . Warren was chased by admirers and greeted by dozens of cellphone cameras at the gathering of about 2,700 liberal bloggers and ­activists .
“ You do n't often hear a candidate talk that directly about taking on corporations in her stump speech , ” said Stephanie Taylor , who cofounded the ­Progressive Change Campaign Committee in 2009 . The group , which tries to elect liberals even against incumbent Democrats , has raised more than $ 740,000 for Warren , more than any other candidate .
What sets her fund-raising effort apart , and has helped her raise cash at almost twice the rate as Brown since entering the race , is the deep devotion she commands from the left flank of the Democratic Party . Many view her unbending critique of Wall Street as a rejoinder to the Tea Party and her toughness as an antidote to what they see as President Obama 's tendency to compromise .
Since September , she has hauled in nearly $ 16 million , more than any of the 1,613 candidates officially running for Congress on the March deadline , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
Egerman said it was a poten­tially awkward moment for him , when he tapped her shoulder .
“ You 're Elizabeth Warren , ” he recalls telling her . “ I 'd really like to talk policy with you . I 'm Paul Egerman. ” Her response to him : “ I 'm Elizabeth Warren . I 'd really like to talk policy with you . ”
It was a lucky tap for ­Warren . Egerman is part of the “ Patriotic Millionaires ” group of very wealthy Americans who are urging higher taxes on themselves , following the lead of Warren Buffet .
The fund-raising committee convenes every morning at 8:30 , by telephone . On the call with Egerman are Shanti Fry , a wealthy activist from ­Cambridge who cochairs the ­finance committee ; Mindy ­Myers , Warren 's campaign manager , who ran two previous Senate campaigns and who served as Obama 's 2008 New Hampshire director ; Michael Pratt , Warren 's national ­finance director , who worked for Obama in 2008 ; and ­Colleen Coffey , the Massachusetts finance director who worked on the Senate campaign for Attorney General Martha Coakley in 2010 .
Egerman says they spend most of the call juggling what has become a vast apparatus : keeping track of who has request­ed to host fund-raising events , deciding which ones to accept , listing whom Warren needs to personally thank . Warren 's schedule has become so busy , he said , that she has begun deploying surrogates , including her policy advisers and former governor Michael Dukakis , at some fund-raising events .
Her campaign also purchased the fund-raising list used by Hillary Rodham ­Clinton , which helped propel Clinton in her Senate and presidential campaigns .
Warren 's team does not ­release her fund-raising schedule . She has drawn unflattering attention for raising about 59 percent of her itemized contributions from out of state . Brown has not raised as much money outside Massachusetts in this election , but in the fever­ish final days of the 2010 special election , more than 70 percent of his itemized contributions came from out of state .
The Warren campaign said that by next week she will have held a total of 40 events outside Massachusetts and 85 in the state , an average of nearly one every other day , though she ­often strings several together .
She has held fund-raisers in Hollywood , New York , and other wealthy enclaves . She even used a trip to her native Oklahoma , where she was receiving an award in November , to hold a fund-raising breakfast at a downtown hotel in Oklahoma City .
Update : My colleague Sebastian has published his “ Canon 1D X Mark II vs. Canon 1D C – Which One Shoots Better Video ? ” Article . Please click here for his full lab review .
Once upon a time , there was a company by the name of Canon who revolutionized the filming industry by introducing a large sensor stills camera that could shoot full High Definition video . Then , as time moved on , that same company decided to conquer Hollywood by introducing their “ EOS C ” line , and literally abandoned their loyal DSLR customers to the mercy of other brands .
From the outside , it looked like an attempt to make people spend more money on that expensive line as there was simply no innovation or keeping up with modern filming resolutions ( AKA “ 4K ” ) when it came to DSLRs .
And then came the Canon EOS 1D X Mark II .
Canon 1D X mark II Review
We are a little bit late to the party in reviewing this camera and I must admit that one of the reasons to conduct that review ( besides my genuine curiosity to see how different this camera is from my ageing Canon EOS 1D C ) , is the amount of email requests we got from fellow cameramen to test it . Judging by the amount of interest from our readers , it is no surprise that there is a big back order for the camera .
People who follow my reviews know that I had already moved on , leaving my Canon EOS 1D C on the shelf as alternative cameras better suited for my documentary filming work started coming out . Although the 4K video quality was fine and the C-log picture profile was a useful feature to have , the Canon 1D C had too many obstacles for documentary work . For me , using a camera is not all about the final picture quality but also about its ease of use and ergonomics .
No firmware updates meant there was no peaking or ability to magnify the picture while shooting , and the sound quality when recorded directly to the camera was average . The solution for me was to start working with the Sony a7X because it was simply a better working tool for my needs . I always regarded what Sony did as a “ system ” rather then a “ camera ” only . Unlike any Canon DSLR camera , what Sony offers is an overall filming solution combining the XLR K1/2M , the proprietary hot shoe and 28-135mm zoom lens . That argument is still very much valid today , but a single feature that Canon currently offers may be enough to consider changing back again….or maybe not .
Autofocus Mode Makes the Difference
So I took a camera that looks 99 % identical to the Canon EOS 1D C ( yes , only 1 button is different , the switch mode between stills and video ) and honestly I did n't have very high expectations . But , that single key feature that I 'm talking about is the dual pixel AF . If you are like me , tired and frustrated from using photo lenses with endless focus rotation on your camera no matter what brand you get , here comes Canon with a solution which was first introduced in their lower end DSLRs and higher priced EOS C line and changes the user experience forever . That AF system and the way it is implemented in the Canon EOS 1D X Mark II works mostly like a treat . Working with a responsive touch-screen LCD and changing focus points has never been this easy . Alternatively , if you are an old man like me who prefers to have the Kinotehnik LCDVF on the LCD , ( for easier viewing and extra contact ) , then the little joystick on the right side becomes your best friend . One thing left for me to discover is how to momentary pause the servo AF when using the loupe . When wanting to do so with the touch screen it is as simple as pressing that function . As a side note , I tested the AF system with normal Canon photo zoom lenses and the Tokina 11-16mm . Operation was NOT silent and was at rare times a bit hesitant , but all in all , it worked wonderfully , to the point that I shot the entirety of the video review I produced as part of my test in autofocus mode .
What Else is New ?
If you ask yourself what else is new besides the dual pixel AF , then I 'm happy to report that the Canon 1D X MarK II can now shoot 50/60 fps in 4K mode . No other DSLR can currently do that . Also , in full HD 100/120p was added . I did not , however , test those during my review . ( Those resolutions were tested in our lab . Full lab test review is coming soon ) .
The camera itself has a CF and a CFast card slot . A good , fast CF card will allow you to record at 4K/25p without a hitch ( the camera did not shut down on me due to overheating either ) , but if you would like to explore the world in 4K/50/60p , you will need a good , reliable CFast card . Canon chose to use the same encoding system ( MJPG ) used in the Canon 1D C and the result are huge files that will eat through your card 's memory .
I really wanted to restore my faith in Canon DSLRs with the EOS 1D X Mark II , but there is still much that has to be done , as you 'll see below .
Last but not least : Canon , take my free advice and put that 4K image quality and various frame rates into your upcoming 5D Mark IV . Add a C-log for the filming crowd and enable 4K external HDMI recording . You have a lovely colour science that is waiting to be explored once again . Come back to the DSLR user community with a working tool we can afford and proudly use for our creative work .
Canon EOS 1D X Mark II Pros : ( in no particular order )
World camera with no need to format the card after switching standards
Dual Pixel AF is a treat to use
Dual DIGIC 6+ processors
Nice 4K video image quality
Good preamps and clear built-in audio
Very responsive touch-screen
Good low light performance ( up to ISO 6400 )
Headphone and mic sockets
Improved rolling shutter effect over the Canon 1D C
Shooting 50/60p in 4K mode is possible
Canon EOS 1D X Mark II Cons : ( in no particular order )
Ancient internal encoding system . Easy to edit on fast computers ( and grab individual shots ) but eats valuable card space fast
No C log picture profile
No 4K external recording
No zoom magnification during filming
No swivel LCD screen
Crop factor when recording in 4K is now narrower the APS-H and closer to APS-C
No screen layouts for simulating different aspect ratios .
Unusable HD mode
Conclusion :
The new Canon EOS 1D X Mark II is first and foremost a professional photo camera that can shoot high quality video too . Like all previous 1D cameras , this one is also built like a tank . When it comes to pricing , the new Canon is $ 2000 cheaper then Canon EOS 1D C with no significant difference in picture quality . The added dual pixel AF makes the overall working experience easier and more pleasant to start with , but you have to ask yourself if there are more cost-effective cameras for the money . As for myself , I wo n't hesitate using this camera in upcoming creative projects , as I 'm anxious to test that dual pixel AF system again . Furthermore , I hope to use it together with Canon 's new compact servo 18-80mm zoom lens as together they seem to be an interesting combo .
Camera settings for this video : .MOV file format , 4K 25p recording settings . Mostly shot between ISO 300 to 1000-1250 . Picture Profile : Neutral . All audio was recorded in camera with an external microphone . Light set-up for the interview : Kinotehnik Practilite 602 . Edited in Adobe Premiere CC the latest edition and graded with Filmconvert ( Canon 1D C Neutral preset ) .
Music : Art-List . Used themes : “ Other Scenario by Lana Inspired “
A special thank you to Sandra Haischberger , Lilith , Silvie and Rosie from feinedinge . To learn more about their work , please click here .
NOTE : B & H , CVP and Canon are currently running a special promotion of adding a 64GB CFast 2.0 card and reader at the same price of a body only when buying the camera .
For Sebastian 's lab review “ Canon 1D X Mark II vs. Canon 1D C – Which One Shoots Better Video ? ” Article . Please click here .
Liverpool have fined Luis Suarez for biting Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic but insist the striker still has a future at the club .
Suarez , 26 , bit Ivanovic 's arm during his team 's 2-2 draw against Chelsea .
Asked if the incident would affect the player 's time at the club , Liverpool managing director Ian Ayre said : `` Not at all .
Analysis `` What Luis Suarez did has absolutely no place in football and he is going to get - and deserves - an extremely lengthy ban . `` You can not bite people anywhere , let alone on a football field . It is the type of thing you do when you are a baby . He 's a world-class player but he gives you world-class trouble . ''
`` It affects his future in the sense that we have to work with him on his discipline . ''
The Football Association will review the match official 's report into the game and incident before deciding what course of action to take .
However , Ayre said he has spoken to the club 's owners concerning the controversy and added : `` Luis is a very important player to the club .
`` As we keep saying , he signed a new four-year contract last summer and we 'd all love to see him here throughout that contract .
`` He 's a fantastic player , top scorer and everything we 'd want in a striker , so there 's no change there .
`` This is more about getting him back on the right track and it 's largely down to [ Liverpool manager ] Brendan [ Rodgers ] now to work with him on that side of his character . ''
Merseyside police say they will not take any action against Suarez , with Ivanovic not reporting any physical injury and telling officers he did not want to pursue the matter .
Media playback is not supported on this device Suarez to stay at Liverpool - Ayre
Suarez issued a swift apology following the conclusion of the game at Anfield on Sunday and also spoke to the Serbia international .
`` I 've spoken to Ivanovic on the phone so I could apologise directly to him , '' Suarez tweeted . `` Thanks for accepting . ''
He also tweeted : `` For my unacceptable behaviour the club has fined me .
`` I have asked the club to donate the money to the Hillsborough Family Support Group for the inconvenience I have created to the Liverpool fans and to Ivanovic . ''
It is not the first time that the Reds forward has committed such an act . While playing for Ajax , he was banned for seven games after biting PSV Eindhoven midfielder Otman Bakkal during a match in November 2010 .
Luis Suarez 's Liverpool controversies December 2011 - Given eight-match suspension and fined £40,000 for racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra . February 2012 - Refuses to shake hands with Evra at Old Trafford and is described as a `` disgrace '' by Sir Alex Ferguson . October 2012 - Accused of diving by Stoke manager Tony Pulis . November 2012 - Accused of stamping on Dave Jones by Wigan manager Roberto Martinez . January 2013 - Mansfield chief executive Carolyn Radford says Suarez `` stole '' their FA Cup tie when he scored after using his hand .
He moved to Liverpool in January 2011 and was given eight-match suspension and fined £40,000 for racially abusing Manchester United left-back Patrice Evra in December 2011 .
Following Suarez 's latest misdemeanour in biting Ivanovic , he has been offered anger management therapy by the Professional Footballers ' Association .
Its chief executive , Gordon Taylor , said : `` We 've got a lad here who is an extremely good player , one of the world 's best and is letting himself , the club and the game down by his actions .
`` While it 's good he made a personal apology we have got to work really hard with him and I hope the club agree on this anger management business to avoid it happening again and setting the worst possible example . ''
Suarez has scored 30 goals so far this season and is one of the six contenders for the PFA Players ' Player of the Year award .
Taylor added : `` It would be embarrassing if he is named Player of the Year but we have got to deal with it and make sure he is player of the year not just in a footballing sense but as a human being as well and we will be trying to do that . ''
Meanwhile , Suarez 's boot sponsor adidas issued a statement saying they did not condone Suarez 's behaviour .
It added : `` We will be reminding him of the standards we expect from our players . Luis has admitted his actions were unacceptable and we support the way Liverpool are planning to handle the situation . ''
