Hundreds of Swedish-language newspapers were published in the United States from 1850 onward , catering to America 's Swedish immigrant communities . Use this online portal to learn more about these newspapers , and to search over 300,000 digitized newspaper pages from 28 different Swedish American newspaper titles published across the United States between 1859 and 2007 .
You can help improve the newspaper search results and create a richer experience for all users by using the Text Correction Tool and User Annotation Tool . When newspaper pages are added to the system , the pages are `` read '' and digital text is created by Optical Character Recognition ( OCR ) software . Sometimes the software `` mis-reads '' words on the page – leading to gaps and omissions in the search results when a user performs a search . With the Text Correction Tool , users can look for and fix mistakes in any page 's digital text , which will improve search results for future users . With the User Annotation Tool users can add comments and tags to newspaper articles , which can help create connections and provide context for the newspapers . Learn more about using the Collaborative OCR Text Correction Tool and the User Annotation Tool .
Swedish American Newspapers was created through a partnership of the Minnesota Historical Society , Kungliga biblioteket ( National Library of Sweden ) , the American Swedish Institute , and the Swenson Swedish Immigration Research Center at Augustana College , Rock Island , Illinois . Funding for digitization was provided by the Riksbankens Jubileumsfond , the Barbro Osher Pro Suecia Foundation , and the King Gustaf VI Adolf 's Fund for Swedish Culture . Funding for online access was provided by the Marianne and Marcus Wallenberg Foundation .
Thousands of people are suffering from cholera in Yemen , so the Health Ministry of the National Salvation Government declared a state of emergency .
The president of the Supreme Political Council , Saleh al-Sammad Sanaa , chaired a meeting with other leading officials in Sanaa , Yemen 's capital , to assess the cholera epidemic and develop a plan to halt and eliminate it .
The Ministry of Health indicated that 8,567 cases of the disease had been documented and that the government had insufficient capacity to effectively address the crisis . An appeal for assistance was issued to international organizations .
Hospitals in Sanaa are already overcrowded , and further spread of the infectious ailment would be catastrophic .
The United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) has said that there have been 11,000 cases of diarrhea confirmed in Yemen , with many of them related to cholera . At a press conference in Geneva on May 16 , UNICEF spokesperson Christophe Boulierac said that 130 people had died from cholera and that a third of these cases involved children .
This disease results from the contamination of drinking water and lack of sanitary conditions . With the daily bombing and shelling of civilian populated areas by the Saudi Arabian and Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) forces , the basic infrastructure of the country has been severely damaged .
U.N. reports reveal that its agencies and their partners are supplying diarrheal disease kits , oral rehydration salts and water treatment tablets to residents in the affected areas . Nevertheless , the disease 's spread is more widespread than the previous epidemic during October 2016 .
Approximately 7.6 million of the 27 million people in this most impoverished country in the region reside in areas designated as high risk for cholera infection . The targeting of civilian areas , electricity sources , health care facilities , water supplies and food storage centers indicates that the U.S.-backed military intervention is aimed at forcing the people of Yemen into submission to Riyadh , Washington and London .
The Pentagon supplies intelligence coordinates , refueling technology and military hardware for the Saudis , who carry out the war .
Trump visit to reinforce militarism
In his first trip to the Middle East , President Donald Trump is seeking to maintain the firm alliance between U.S. imperialism and Riyadh . The war against the Yemeni people has escalated since Trump took office .
Direct bombings and a deadly commando unit raid on a village in Yemen after only days in office illustrated the expansionist program of the Trump presidency . U.S. coordination and support for the airstrikes and ground assaults against the Ansarullah-led government in Sanaa are designed to wage a proxy war against the Islamic Republic of Iran .
The Ansarullah ( Houthis ) movement has denied that it receives direct military and economic support from Tehran . Meanwhile , the coalition of U.S.-Saudi allied forces continues its relentless attacks on Yemen . Official estimates of deaths since the bombing and ground campaign that began in March 2015 range from 5,000 to 12,000 people .
Meanwhile , the war has created the monumental health crisis that worsens week by week . The relentless bombing and shelling by the Saudi-GCC coalition and their allies have destroyed the ports , preventing the distribution of medical supplies , food , water , tents and blankets .
A May 16 article from the UN News Center reported the difficulties in distributing aid in “ the embattled district of Mokha , in Yemen 's Red Sea governorate of Taiz . Hostilities in Taiz escalated in January , with nearly 50,000 people displaced . … The governorate also hosts about 304,000 additional displaced people . ”
This same report emphasizes that “ aid workers noted ‘ a huge spike ' in needs ” in Al Hudaydah , north of Taiz , and that “ more than three million have been uprooted since the start of the conflict two years ago . ”
Trump 's visit also reinforces the arming of Saudi Arabia so it can act as a surrogate to imperialist aims in the region , with a military contract worth over $ 100 billion . Conditions surrounding the weapons consist of both arms sales and maintenance services . This is only the initial phase of the program , which will eventually be valued at $ 300 billion .
Deadly strikes intensify
Many people are being killed in daily airstrikes and ground operations in Yemen . In response , the forces allied with the Ansarullah and the military units of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh are inflicting casualties on the U.S.-backed units .
Saudi fighter jets carried out four bombing raids in the Serwah district of Marib province on May 17 . Armed groups aligned with the Saudi-GCC coalition launched artillery missiles into numerous neighborhoods of the same district . Extensive destruction was evident , with damaged homes and other structures .
Later on the same day , 23 people , including women and children , died as a result of a U.S.-backed Saudi-GCC aerial bombardment against the Mawza ' a district in Taiz province .
Nonetheless , the anti-U.S. forces have continued their attacks on Saudi-GCC allied fighters operating on the ground . Despite the air campaign and ground attacks in various parts of the country by armed forces operating in conjunction with the exiled regime of ousted Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi , along with commandos from Saudi Arabia , Qatar and other states , the popular forces are quite capable of retaking territory and eliminating threats .
According to a May 17 report from Saba News , based in Yemen , “ The army and popular forces destroyed a military vehicle of the Saudi-paid mercenaries in northern Midi desert … and shelled groups of the mercenaries in the same desert. ” They also hit a headquarters building in Suqami and gatherings of Saudi soldiers in the region .
Trump 's visit to Saudi Arabia connotes the continuing U.S. war policy toward Yemen , Syria , Iran , Hezbollah and Palestine . The objective of the White House and its surrogates is to stifle the alliance of revolutionary anti-imperialist forces throughout the Middle East in favor of pro-Western organizations and states .
Good news if you make a lot of short calls overseas . Google had started offering the first minute of Hangouts calls to 25 countries at no charge . It only lasts through the end of 2014 , but that 's still not a bad deal .
Here 's the list of countries with free minute support .
Australia
Belgium
Brazil
Canada : Most calls will be free . A few destinations will cost USD 1 cent per minute after the first minute .
China
Dominican Republic
France
Germany
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Mexico
Netherlands
Norway
Peru
Poland
Russia
South Korea
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
United States : Most calls will be free . A few destinations will cost USD 1 cent per minute after the first minute .
Calls that are eligible for the free minute will display `` first minute free '' on the call screen . Google points out the offer is subject to `` usage and abuse limits . '' So if you thought you 'd have an hour-long conversation in 60 second increments , think again .
[ Google – Thanks , Dominic Powell ]
Story highlights FBI : William James Vahey taught at private schools in 9 countries for 42 years
He 's one of `` the most prolific alleged predators we 've ever seen , '' agent tells KPRC
Thumb drive allegedly contained images depicting sexual assault on children
FBI is asking potential victims to contact them or nearest American Embassy
An alleged child predator who taught at schools across the world for more than four decades may have more victims , and the FBI is trying to track them down , the agency 's Houston bureau said Tuesday .
There were images of at least 90 victims , dating back to 2008 , and the FBI is encouraging additional alleged victims to come forward . The images on the thumb drive allegedly belonging to Vahey showed boys , estimated to be between 12 and 14 years old , asleep or unconscious , the agency said .
The images had captions and dates referencing places that Vahey had previously traveled with students , the FBI said .
Vahey began teaching in private schools in 1972 , the FBI says . He last taught at the American Nicaraguan School in Pista Suburbana , Managua , Nicaragua from August 2013 until March 11 , two days before he committed suicide , KPRC reported .
The case came to law enforcement attention after Vahey fired his maid for allegedly stealing personal items from his home last year , KPRC said . In March , the ex-maid brought a stolen thumb drive to the American Nicaraguan School , saying she came forward because the drive contained sexual images , the station reported .
The FBI said that when Vahey was confronted with the images , he `` reportedly admitted molesting boys throughout his entire life and said he gave the minors sleeping pills prior to the molestation . ''
He had residences in London and Hilton Head Island , South Carolina , and traveled extensively , the FBI said . He worked at schools in nine countries , teaching a variety of subjects and coaching boys ' basketball . He regularly accompanied students on overnight field trips , the FBI said .
The schools where he taught are , according to the FBI :
-- American Nicaraguan School in Managua , Nicaragua ( 2013-2014 )
-- Southbank International School in London , United Kingdom ( 2009-2013 )
-- Escuela Campo Alegre in Caracas , Venezuela ( 2002-2009 )
-- Jakarta International School in Jakarta , Indonesia ( 1992-2002 )
-- Saudi Aramco Schools in Dhahran , Saudi Arabia ( 1980-1992 )
-- American Community School in Athens , Greece ( 1978-1980 )
-- Passargad School in Ahwaz , Iran ( 1976-1978 )
-- American School of Madrid in Spain ( 1975-1976 )
-- American Community School of Beirut in Lebanon ( 1973-1975 )
-- Tehran American School in Iran ( 1972-1973 )
Anyone who has information on Vahey and who believes he victimized them can send a confidential e-mail to HOvictimassistance @ ic.fbi.gov or contact their local FBI office or nearest U.S. Embassy .
Ron Edmonds / AP President Obama listens to Senator Judd Gregg after announcing Gregg as his choice to become Commerce Secretary at the White House
Senator Judd Gregg ended his courtship with President Obama by resorting to one of the oldest lines in the book . `` It 's not about them , '' the New Hampshire fiscal conservative announced Thursday , describing the White House team . `` It 's about my own sense of who I am . '' All at once , politicos all over Washington had the same reaction : Yeah , right .
This town knows a thing or two about power-grabbing philanderers , the ones who wine and dine you , take you to bed , collect some campaign cash and then move on to the next hot catch  but not before offering a hug and the gentle admonition , `` It 's not you , babe . It 's me . '' It does n't so much matter that by all appearances Gregg is no gallant , that he seemed to actually be telling the truth when he said the reason he got cold feet at the altar was that he could n't bring himself to fully support the President 's agenda . What matters is that he dumped the President . He was picked to be the next Commerce Secretary , he accepted the appointment , and then he walked away  breaking the news , as it turned out , at the very moment Obama was appearing at an event in Peoria , Ill. , to build support for his $ 789 billion stimulus plan being hammered out by Congress . In this town , the President , especially one with a 63 % approval rating just three weeks into office , is not supposed to get dumped . ( See who 's who in Obama 's White House . )
And so the partisans had to react . Reputations were at stake . Honor had to be defended . `` Old ways die hard around here . I know our President wo n't give up on changing the unproductive partisan habits , '' Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri Twittered within minutes of the announcement . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs , who has logged a decade as a political knife fighter , issued sharp words through a press release , suggesting that it was the Senator himself who had thrown his hat into the ring in the first place . `` Senator Gregg reached out to the President , '' Gibbs noted , and was `` very clear '' that he would `` support , embrace and move forward with the President 's agenda . '' Then Gibbs twisted the rhetorical blade . `` We regret that he had a change of heart , '' the spokesman said . Republicans , meanwhile , celebrated the ability of one of their own to embarrass the President . `` Senator Gregg made a principled decision , '' crowed House Republican leader John Boehner in a press release . `` The Administration is taking another one on the eyelid here , '' said Michael Steele , the new chairman of the Republican National Committee , in an interview with Fox News . ( Read `` How Maine 's GOP Senators Are Key to Obama 's Agenda . '' )
This was the spin , the echo chamber . And this is all most Americans will know about Gregg 's withdrawal : that the President was denied yet again in his attempt to reach across the partisan aisle . The real reasons for Gregg 's last-minute decision were another matter . A former New Hampshire governor turned legislator , Gregg has long been his own boss . As a relative moderate , he could have held considerable sway in the tightly divided Senate . The job of Commerce Secretary , traditionally the most ceremonial and least influential Cabinet job , offered very limited potential to shape policy . And since his appointment was announced , Gregg had been criticized by some Republicans both in Washington and at home in New Hampshire for being a traitor to the party . ( Read `` How to Know When the Economy Is Turning Up . )
`` I just realized , as these issues started to come at us , '' Gregg said , `` that it really was n't a good fit , and that I would n't be comfortable doing this , and that it would n't be fair to [ Obama ] to be part of a team and not be able to be 100 % on the team . '' With those words , Gregg offered what may be the most blunt statement of the challenge Obama faces in moving beyond the partisan and ideological divisions that have long defined national politics . Gregg declined to specify the issues or events that made him reconsider or why he had only just now realized that it was n't a good fit when his differences with the Administration 's agenda were never a secret . He was equally vague about the theory that he had n't been happy that the White House had moved to take away some of the Commerce Department 's traditional control of the Census after Democratic activists voiced concerns about a Republican overseeing the politically charged process . `` The Census was only a slight catalyzing issue . It was not a major issue , '' he said .
Gregg , who does not expect to seek re-election in 2010 , first made his concerns clear to Obama earlier this week . They met Wednesday at the White House , just a day after Gregg had conspicuously chosen not to vote at all on the Senate 's stimulus plan . The news was kept secret until Thursday . In a briefing to reporters at the White House , Obama 's chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , said the news had come as a blow . `` My first thought was , It 's better we discovered it now than later , '' he said , according to the Wall Street Journal . `` If I said it was n't a disappointment , that would lack credibility . ''
The Gregg news continues a string of disappointments to have hit the Obama team , including the withdrawal of two other Cabinet nominees , Health and Human Services Secretary nominee Tom Daschle and the first Commerce Secretary choice , New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson . But those prior separations were different in kind . Both Daschle and Richardson volunteered to leave the nomination process once their appointments became political liabilities . Gregg was a political asset to the President , one Obama boasted of in his Monday press conference , until the withdrawal . As any teenager will tell you , it 's far better when a breakup is mutual than to get dumped when you least expect it .
See video of Barack Obama 's historic Inauguration .
See pictures behind the scenes on Obama 's big day .
The Lexington-Fayette County Health Department closed the Mi Mexico restaurant at 818 East New Circle Road , at Winchester Road , last week because of a roach infestation .
Health department spokesman Kevin Hall said the department had received complaints about roaches being visible in the Mexican restaurant .
`` We sent an inspector out and were able to confirm they had a roach intrusion on the food , '' he said . `` It 's an older building , and the main problem was there were a lot of openings that needed to be sealed .
`` They 've done pretty extensive pest control at least once a day for the past week . ''
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Lexington Herald-Leader
The restaurant 's ownership could not be immediately reached Thursday .
`` The owners have been very cooperative , '' Hall said . `` They have been meeting with us and talking with us about everything they can do . ''
The health department is sending an inspector Thursday afternoon , a week since the closing , for a follow-up inspection .
The location is under different ownership than the three other Mi Mexico restaurants in Lexington and Georgetown .
TBILISI , DFWatch–Four transgender women are being treated for cuts after an attack at a nightclub in downtown Tbilisi , the capital of the former Soviet republic of Georgia .
The incident occurred at 7am Monday on Elbakidze Street , near Rustaveli , one of the main metro stations in the city .
Women 's Initiative Supporting Group ( WISG ) told of the attack on Wednesday but did not reveal the name of the club where it took place .
WISG reports that one of transgender victims got a fractured arm , two received bruises and the fourth an injured nose .
The attackers left the scene immediately after the incident and their identities are not known at the current time .
Police have launched an investigation , but have not made any arrests so far . The motive for the attack is unknown .
A lawyer working for WISG will protect the three transgender women 's interests in court , the organization said .
The controversial Syrian host of Al-Jazeera 's “ The Opposite Direction ” , Dr. Faisal Al-Qassem , posted a disturbing tweet on Wednesday , inciting sectarian hatred and blame towards the minority Alawite Muslims for allegedly “ destroying ” Syria for their own personal interests .
In his tweet , Dr. Faisal Al-Qassem asks the Syrian people if they would like to avenge the Alawites of Syria for destroying the country ; this tweet followed the main topic of his TV program on Tuesday , where he invited a number of guests to discuss the Alawite situation at the Islamist controlled city of Jisr Al-Shughour in Syria .
For over an hour , the tweet was shared by numerous Twitter accounts that not only questioned his professionalism , but also , his motives , as Dr. Qassem pinned blame on this minority religious group as a whole .
Finally , after receiving an unexpected number of tweets condemning his post , Dr. Qassem deleted the tweet ; however , this was not before he engaged Dr. Joshua Landis – Associate Professor at the University of Oklahoma – in a heated conversation on Twitter , further proving his bias and antipathy for Alawites .
Dr. Qassem is notorious for making comments that have stirred-up controversy in the past ( e.g . Lebanese Army comments in 2014 ) , but never to the extent of inciting genocidal thoughts against a Levantine religious group .
Advertisements
Articles
Our American militarists love war so much that they even bankroll the enemy , just to keep the blood money flowing . This odd but absolutely crucial characteristic of the Never-Ending Terror War was borne out again in a remarkable story in the Guardian ( with an expanded version in The Nation ) .
As Aram Roston reports -- and U.S. military officials openly admit -- American taxpayers are giving Afghan insurgents at least 10-20 percent of the war machine 's multibillion-dollar transportation contracts . Hundreds of millions of dollars are flowing into Taliban coffers every year from bribes offered to stop insurgents from attacking supply convoys -- convoys which are increasingly controlled by local warlords and druglords , including convicted drug dealers in the Corleone-like Karzai family .
Of course , in Iraq , the Pentagon finally started paying insurgents as well . But in that instance , they were at least paying the enemy to stop fighting . Here , they only ask that the Taliban allow some trucks to roll through the countryside -- which seems to be entirely in the hands of the insurgents , despite eight years of war and months of Obama 's `` surge '' . The Americans pay handsomely for the privilege -- sometimes up to $ 1,500 per truck , depending on the cargo -- even though they know the insurgents will use the money to keep fighting .
It 's a nice racket all around , everybody makes out -- the American militarists and war profiteers , their criminal Afghan allies , and the insurgents ( who use the American money to top up the cash flow they get from American allies in Saudi Arabia , Yemen , etc. ) . So where 's the harm ?
OK , OK , there are all those civilians being slaughtered -- women and children ripped to pieces , to shreds of flesh and fragments of bone – by the bombs of the defenders of Western civilization . And yeah , there are all the American and British soldiers being killed , wounded , and brutalized , year after year , in a senseless , criminal conflict . And then there 's the looting of the American treasury by the warmongers , and the relentless and inevitable destruction of American liberties by the all-corrosive acid of perpetual war .
But as Stalin liked to say : when wood is chopped , chips fly . And what are these few paltry chips – life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness – when there 's so much juicy loot out there ?
RESIGNATION URGED : John La Tour 's comment on a restaurant employee 's gender has led to calls for his resignation . He says he wo n't .
La Tour often speaks of his religious opposition to homosexuality and transgender identity . He drew rebukes from other city officials during a council agenda session last month after asking whether a potential city contractor was a man or a woman and saying , `` It 's hard to tell these days . ''
Yesterday fayetteville alderman John la tour ward 4 assaulted a dear friend in public demanding they choose a gender in a packed restaurant . He demanded she pick a gender declaiming loudly that he could n't tell if she was a man or a woman . She is not transgendered and does not in any way present any ambiguity about gender in any way . She 's a woman . He then explained that he was a man and could prove it by dropping his pants and showing his penis . That is bullying behavior and unacceptable on so many levels . Please call any news outlets you know and alert them to his `` protests '' . I doubt offering to expose yourself would be considered protected speech even by the right wing activist Dugger family who funded his campaign . He should be kicked out of office .
La Tour said the incident began during his regular Friday morning stop at Arsaga 's to meet a group of acquaintances . The music was overly loud despite his request to lower the volume , so he responded by dancing along with it , he said . He intended to ask the employee to dance with him but wanted to confirm she was a woman first , La Tour said , citing the ordinance .
`` You can declare you 're a man or you 're a woman , whatever you want to , '' La Tour said . `` I 'm not going to ask a man to dance with me . ''
a Tea Party conservative and strident opponent of , is under fire for challenging an employee of a local restaurant last Friday to prove her gender and talking of how he could prove his.A manager asked La Tour to leave Arsaga 's after the incident . That led him to put a post on his Facebook page , now gone , urging people to no longer do business with the restaurant . It also spawned a heavily trafficked on-line petition for La Tour 's resignation . ( Today , La Tour posted a Facebook comment praising the owner of Arsaga 's . ) He says he has no intention of resigning and seems to say his remark was in jest . That claim should be viewed in light of his record of insulting remarks . F rom the Northwest Arkansas edition of the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette , which got comments from La Tour confirming at least some portions of the encounter : A Facebook post that gave rise to the on-line petition recounted the episode this way : The woman , an employee of the restaurant , has been described as `` mortified '' by the attention and has not spoken to reporters about it . The owner of the restaurant has said he did n't see what happened and wants to talk further to La Tour before commenting The alderman has been a regular customer and often talks politics . La Tour described the incident to the D-G this way : La Tour paints himself as a victim of people who disagree with his politics . They are just trying to make him look like a `` buffoon , '' he told the D-G.Trying ? More than 2,100 have signed the petition calling for La Tour 's resignation.Opposition to the Fayetteville non-discrimination ordinance was central to his canpaign for election . Says his Facebook page : `` I believe in limited government , responsive government and strong families . '' And denigrating gay people , he could have added.La Tour did n't respond to an e-mail request for comment.UPDATE : I spoke with La Tour this morning and his account paralleled that in the D-G. How would he have proved he was a man ? With his birth certificate , he said . He said he had made no reference to exposing himself and would not.He said he had apologized to the woman before leaving and they seemed to have parted on good terms . He said he would n't likely ask someone again about their gender , though he insisted it is often hard to tell and he repeated his belief that Fayetteville 's ordinance allows anyone to declare gender of their choice . ( It does n't . ) He also said he was going to meet this morning with the owner of Arsaga 's `` I want to bury the hatchet , '' he said . `` The liberals here do n't like me , '' he said . `` I 'm a conservative . I believe in free enterprise . I do n't tell anyone what their sexual orientation should be .... As a city official , I do n't dictate how you live .... And just because I do n't agree with you does n't mean I hate you . `` He insisted the whole incident was a joking product of background music so loud it was hard for him to converse with friends . Told it could n't be changed , `` I decided the only thing left to do is dance . I kind of sashayed over to the counter and I was going to ask if she 'd like to dance . But I do n't dance with men . I said , 'Are you a woman . ' '' The server was `` taken aback by the question , '' he said . Then La Tour recounted that he said , `` I 'm a man and I can prove it . '' But he said , `` The thought of pulling down my pants never entered my mind until I read the Facebook page . `` As he left he said he told the woman , `` If I 've offended you , I '' m sorry . .... I was just trying to point out how loud the music was . She said something and then said , 'Have a good day . ' '' He said he always tried to be `` friendly and respectful , '' including to the city 's liberals .
View Photo Gallery : It wo n't retrieve the global economy from the ditch , but there are bacteria that consumes a toxic metal to produce pure gold .
It wo n't retrieve the global economy from the ditch , but there are bacteria that consumes a toxic metal to produce pure gold .
Our colleagues over at Slate have produced a video explaining how the super-strong bacteria Cupriavidus metallidurans goes about its precious dirty business :
The script reads , in part :
This microbial magician , named Cupriavidus metallidurans , when placed in a minilab full of gold chloride , a nasty toxin , gobbled up the poison and , in about a week , processed it out as 24-karat nuggets of the precious yellow metal .
But before you grab your lab coat and rush out to nab some of the gold -pooping bacteria , stop . It is about as rare as the precious metal itself . And if you 're thinking you can synthesize the reaction in your basement using your gold jewelry , think again . The bacteria are grown on large concentrations of gold chloride — the toxic metal in question — also known as liquid gold .
Michigan State University announced on Oct. 1 that Associate Professor of electronic art and intermedia Adam Brown and his colleague , Assistant Professor of microbiology and molecular genetics Kazem Kashefi had found that the metal-tolerant bacteria could grow in the highly toxic environment . In fact , Kashefi and Brown found that the bacteria is 25 times stronger than had been previously reported . The process , according to Kashefi , is called “ microbial alchemy , ” and it 's on display in an art installation called “ The Great Work of the Metal Lover . ”
“ This is neo-alchemy . Every part , every detail of the project is a cross between modern microbiology and alchemy , ” Brown said via an Oct. 1 news release . “ Science tries to explain the phenomenological world . As an artist , I 'm trying to create a phenomenon . Art has the ability to push scientific inquiry . ”
The installation is a portable laboratory , which consists of 24-karat gold-plated hardware , glass bioreactor and the bacteria . There is also a series of images made with a scanning electron microscope . Brown placed 24-karat gold leaf from the bioreactor over areas of the image where gold deposits had been identified .
The installation is on display at the Prix Ars Electronica in Austria through Oct. 7 where it received an honorable mention .
Read more news and ideas on Innovations :
Small role for innovation in debates
Curiosity checks in on Foursquare
Is used the new ... new ?
'May you rot in hell for all eternity ' : 74-year-old woman tells man sentenced to 30 years for raping her as she birds watched in Central Park
David Albert Mitchell , 42 , has been sentenced to 30 years for the rape of an unnamed 73-year-old birdwatcher in Central Park last September
She faced him in court on Wednesday and with composed anger called him a 'sexual terrorist ' and an 'evil infestation '
Mitchell had pleaded guilty and thus prevented her from having to testify about her ordeal , but she insisted on speaking to him in court
A 74-year-old woman faced the man who raped her in New York City 's Central Park with composed anger , calling him a ‘ sexual terrorist ' and an ‘ evil infestation . '
‘ You , David Albert Mitchell , for the pain you inflicted on me and , by association , my loving family and friends , may you rot in hell for all eternity , ' she said during his sentencing to 30 years in prison for attacking her as she watched birds in September 2012 a week after authorities say he noticed her using a camera to document his lewd behavior .
Mitchell , who had previously been charged with sexually attacking other women over age 70 , pleaded guilty this month to rape and robbery . His sentenced was settled then .
Monster : David Albert Mitchell has been sentenced to 30 years in prison after pleading guilty to raping and robbing an elderly woman in Central Park last September
While the plea deal prevents her from having to testify about her ordeal at a trial , she made plain Wednesday that she wanted Mitchell to hear about it from her before the case was closed .
‘ Make no mistake : This is a sexual terrorist , ' the woman said , urging a judge ‘ to do the right thing so that nobody else is every hurt or menaced by this evil infestation . '
While the woman , 73 at the time , pursued her favorite pastime , Mitchell pounced on her from behind , slammed her to the ground and threatened to cut her throat when she screamed , scratched at him and tried to poke his eyes out , she said .
‘ I stopped fighting . I figured I was a goner , ' she recalled .
Mitchell had pleaded guilty to the charges which had prevented his victim from having to testify about her ordeal , but she insisted on speaking to him in court
Police : Officers are shown cordoning off the area in Strawberry Fields in Central Park , New York where the attack took place
Mitchell raped her twice , told her to stay prone and count to 100 while he left with her camera bag , and admonished her to stay put when she looked up early , she said . The attack left her with injuries including a broken finger , a smashed tooth and a damaged jaw .
Roughly a week before , the birdwatcher had photographed Mitchell in a lewd moment , and he had confronted her , the Manhattan district attorney 's office said .
Mitchell and his attorneys declined to speak at his sentencing , where he showed little reaction as his victim spoke .
The Associated Press generally does not identify sexual assault victims unless they come forward publicly .
Mitchell comes from tiny Jenkinjones , West Virginia , where he was charged at age 18 with raping and killing an 86-year-old woman .
Mugshot : An undated mugshot shows Mitchell , who was charged at age 18 with raping and killing an 86-year-old woman
Acquitted in that case , he was then charged with raping a woman in her 70s ; the sexual assault charge was dropped as Mitchell pleaded guilty to other charges , his attorney at the time has said .
Later , Mitchell was suspected but never charged in the death of a 54-year-old woman . He served prison time in other cases , including the abduction of his ex-girlfriend .
When he was released in 2011 , some Jenkinjones residents bought guns to protect themselves from him .
His New York arrest , plus a convicted sex offender 's arrest in a rape in another Manhattan park about two weeks later , led local officials to call for tougher penalties for sex offenders .
The Australasian Meal Panel
EARN CASH FOR REGULAR ONLINE SURVEYS
How Much ?
$ 6 a time . $ 3 for completing the survey plus $ 3 for mailing us your grocery dockets for that week ( free mail ) . Also . if you get others to take part , you are rewarded with an extra $ 3 for each one .
How Often ?
A new survey is available about every six weeks through the year . We email you with a link when a new survey starts . You can stay in the Panel for as long as you like . Some people have been in it for over 6 years !
Who Can Join and What Are They About ?
They are designed for the main grocery buyer of the household . Only one person from each household can join . They are all about food shopping ( what you bought , where , why , etc ) during that week . They take 5 to 8 mins to complete .
How Do I Get Paid ?
Payments are made after every second survey into your PayPal or bank account .
Who Are You ?
We are DBY Research , a consumer research company that specialises in food and food retailing . We need grocery buyers across Australia to tell us what foods they buy and what they eat on a regular basis . The information sought is not of a sensitive or private nature . It is strictly confidential and will not be sold , lent or given to any other party ever .
What To Do Now :
Click on `` FIRST TIME VISITOR ? '' on the left . Then answer the short questions . We will email you when the next survey starts .
If you have been REFERRED by an existing member , do n't forget to enter the 5-digit code that member gave you .
Story highlights Three dies in clashes between Muslim Brotherhood supporters and police
Interior Ministry blames the deaths on the Islamist group
Egypt 's military-led government has declared the group a terrorist organization
Backers of Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood battled police in Cairo and other cities after Friday prayers . At least three people died and 265 were arrested , the Interior Ministry said .
The ministry blamed the deaths on the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist group that the Egyptian government declared a terrorist organization on Wednesday .
The government has threatened to arrest anyone who attends Muslim Brotherhood protests or provide financial support to the group , which helped propel ousted President Mohamed Morsy to power .
Morsy , the nation 's first democratically elected president , was forced out of office in July by the nation 's military and arrested following widespread protests and petitions calling for his removal .
Detractors said he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values . Supporters called his removal a coup and a blow to the democratic movement that toppled former Egyptian strongman Hosni Mubarak in 2011 .
JUST WATCHED Deadly explosions in Egypt Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Deadly explosions in Egypt 03:15
JUST WATCHED State of activism in Egypt Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH State of activism in Egypt 05:41
Since Wednesday 's declarations , hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood supporters have been arrested .
EgyNews , a state-run news agency , previously reported the Interior Ministry had told police to confiscate copies of the group 's newspaper and seal off the publishing house that prints it .
The unrest comes as Egyptians prepare to vote a new constitution next month .
The proposed constitution would ban religious political parties and put more power in the hands of the military .
The Muslim Brotherhood has vowed to continue protesting .
`` Let 's begin with full force and peacefulness a new wave of majestic anti-coup action in a 'Revolutionary Rage ' week , '' the group said Thursday on its website .
19th October 2008 , 05:26 pm
A previous post described a data type of functional linear maps . As Andy Gill pointed out , we had a heck of a time trying to get good performance . This note describes a new representation that is very simple and much more efficient . It 's terribly obvious in retrospect but took me a good while to stumble onto .
The Haskell module described here is part of the vector-space library ( version 0.5 or later ) and requires ghc version 6.10 or better ( for associated types ) .
Edits :
2008-11-09 : Changed remarks about versions . The vector-space version 0.5 depends on ghc 6.10 .
2008-10-21 : Fixed the vector-space library link in the teaser .
Linear maps Semantically , a linear map is a function f ∷ a → b such that , for all scalar values s and `` vectors '' u , v ∷ a , the following properties hold : f ( s ⋅ u ) = s ⋅ f u f ( u + v ) = f u + f v By repeated application of these properties , f ( s 1 ⋅ u 1 + ⋯ + s n ⋅ u n ) = s 1 ⋅ f u 1 + ⋯ + s n ⋅ f u n Taking the u i as basis vectors , this form implies that a linear function is determined by its behavior on any basis of its domain type . Therefore , a linear function can be represented simply as a function from a basis , using the representation described in Vector space bases via type families . type u : - * v = Basis u → v
The semantic function converts from ( u : - * v ) to ( u → v ) . It decomposes a source vector into its coordinates , applies the basis function to basis representations , and linearly combines the results . lapply ∷ ( VectorSpace u , VectorSpace v
, Scalar u ~ Scalar v , HasBasis u ) ⇒
( u : - * v ) → ( u → v )
lapply lm = λ u → sumV [ s * ^ lm b | ( b , s ) ← decompose u ]
or lapply lm = linearCombo ∘ fmap ( first lm ) ∘ decompose
The reverse function is easier . Convert a function f , presumed linear , to a linear map representation : linear ∷ ( VectorSpace u , VectorSpace v , HasBasis u ) ⇒
( u → v ) → ( u : - * v )
It suffices to apply f to basis values : linear f = f ∘ basisValue
Memoization The idea of the linear map representation is to reconstruct an entire ( linear ) function out of just a few samples . In other words , we can make a very small sampling of function 's domain , and re-use those values in order to compute the function 's value at all domain values . As implemented above , however , this trick makes function application more expensive , not less . If lm = linear f , then each use of lapply lm can apply f to the value of every basis element , and then linearly combine results . A simple trick fixes this efficiency problem : memoize the linear map . We could do the memoization privately , e.g. , linear f = memo ( f ∘ basisValue )
If lm = linear f , then no matter how many times lapply lm is applied , the function f can only get applied as many times as the dimension of the domain of f . However , there are several other ways to make linear maps , and it would be easy to forget to memoize each combining form . So , instead of the function representation above , I ensure that the function be memoized by representing it as a memo trie . type u : - * v = Basis u ↛ v
The conversion functions linear and lapply need just a little tweaking . Split memo into its definition untrie ∘ trie , and then move the second phase ( untrie ) into lapply . We 'll also have to add HasTrie constraints : linear ∷ ( VectorSpace u , VectorSpace v
, HasBasis u , HasTrie ( Basis u ) ) ⇒
( u → v ) → ( u : - * v )
linear f = trie ( f ∘ basisValue )
lapply ∷ ( VectorSpace u , VectorSpace v , Scalar u ~ Scalar v
, HasBasis u , HasTrie ( Basis u ) ) ⇒
( u : - * v ) → ( u → v )
lapply lm = linearCombo ∘ fmap ( first ( untrie lm ) ) ∘ decompose
Now we can build up linear maps conveniently and efficiently by using the operations on memo tries shown in Composing memo tries . For instance , suppose that h is a linear function of two arguments ( linear in both , not it each ) and m and n are two linear maps . Then liftA2 h m n is the linear function that applies h to the results of m and n . lapply ( liftA2 h m n ) a = h ( lapply m a ) ( lapply n a )
Exploiting the applicative functor instance for functions , we get another formulation : lapply ( liftA2 h m n ) = liftA2 h ( lapply m ) ( lapply n )
In other words , the meaning of a liftA2 is the liftA2 of the meanings , as discussed in Simplifying semantics with type class morphisms .
A previous post described a data type of functional linear maps . As Andy Gill pointed out , we had a heck of a time trying to get good performance . This note ...
Guy Torsher
A group of clinicians and researchers in the US has taken a big leap toward developing an artificial womb for humans—by building and testing one designed to keep very premature lambs alive outside the bodies of their mothers .
The immediate goal is to develop a human-ready version of these `` biobags '' to provide desperately-needed help to the 30,000 pre-term babies born in the US every year , according to the researchers , who addressed the media in a phone conference on Monday . The statistics are grim for these preemies , babies who are born before 23 weeks : among this group , morbidity and mortality rates are high , and negative health effects can last into adulthood .
Incubators currently used to keep premature infants alive in a neonatal intensive care unit ( NICU ) swaddle them in nothing but air—unlike the warm , saline-like amniotic fluid that bathes them in utero . This fluid is crucial in warding off infections .
In addition , having babies breathe air instead of fluid can impede the development of lung tissue . Pre-term babies have higher rates of lifetime lung function loss due to factors like these .
Read More : Artificial , Womb-Free Births Just Got a Lot More Real
Taking a cue from nature , Alan Flake , a researcher and neonatal surgeon at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , worked with his team to create a new type of incubator—one that mimics the fluid-filled interior of the mother 's womb while still maintaining a connection to the outside world .
The technique has yet to be tested on humans—that requires government approval . And the idea of entirely artificial , womb-free reproduction is still science fiction . In this study , published Tuesday in Nature Communications , lambs were used to test out the biobag . These animals have been used for years in premature birth research : they have similar developmental milestones to humans , and undergo many of the same biological processes in the womb .
A biobag . Image : The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia
Flake 's biobag resembles a big plastic sack with ports in the side and a few tubes going in and out . Inside is a pre-term baby lamb , at the equivalent developmental age of a 23-week-old human . It 's a sealed system , so bacteria and viruses ca n't get inside . The lamb 's umbilical cord is hooked up to an oxygenator circuit which provides vital gas ( like oxygen ) and scrubs out carbon dioxide .
Crucially , blood is not forced into the lamb 's circulatory system , where the pressure could cause damage ; the biobag is pumpless and the power to drive it comes only from the baby lamb 's heart .
The eight lambs in this study were kept alive for four weeks in these biobags . Tests showed they were healthy and exhibited normal developmental progress . The only reason the experiments were stopped at the four-week mark was due to experimental protocols ; there is every indication they could have gone on longer .
Despite the somewhat off-putting appearance of a lamb fetus swimming in a plastic pouch , future versions of the device designed for humans will closely resemble a traditional incubator found in a NICU . `` It 's not going to be fetuses hanging off the wall in bags , '' said Flake in a phone interview .
In addition to the lambs looked at in this study , a smaller group of four lambs who spent time in the bags as infants have been successfully `` birthed '' and are healthy and normal . One is a year old . `` There 's no intelligence test for lambs , but we think they 're pretty smart , '' said Flake .
Now that these proof-of-concept experiments have shown positive results , Flake is pushing ahead to get FDA approval for pre-clinical trials with premature human babies . The need is urgent . According to Emily Partridge , a surgeon scientist and a member of the research team , if results hold up in humans , the biobags would represent `` a vast improvement over the latest standard of care . '' Partridge is from Toronto and trained at U of T ; she chose to work in Flake 's lab because it 's considered one of the best in the world in premature infant research .
Flake estimates clinical trials in extremely premature infants could begin within three-to-five years , pending approval .
The biobags are cheap to make . Early iterations were `` a lot of Home Depot and eBay and Amazon stuff , '' said Marcus Davey , who built the device . This bodes well for access to the technology in developing nations , where resources can be scarce .
Although keeping fetuses alive at the equivalent of 23 weeks is an impressive technical achievement , what about dialling back the clock even further ? Why need a womb at all ? Simply artificially-inseminate an egg , pop it in a biobag and nine months later , voila .
`` At present there is no technology , even on the horizon , '' said Flake , `` to support the embryo to the test-tube stage [ when it can be grown in an artificial womb ] . ''
We 're limited to our reproductive physiology—in some form or another—for awhile yet to come .
Subscribe to Science Solved It , Motherboard 's new show about the greatest mysteries that were solved by science .
Josiah Neeley has an evil , hour-long commute . But unlike most of us with traffic issues , he actually decided to do something constructive with it : according to the flip of a coin , he either commutes normally , switching lanes when doing so seems sensible , or else sticking religiously to the left-hand lane and just sweating it out , no matter how fast or slow it goes .
Neeley does n't have a statistically significant result yet , but initial indications are pretty much what you might expect , if you understand the psychology of traffic : if you just sit in a single lane , you spend no more time in traffic than if you aggressively switch lanes and try to go as fast as possible at all times .
There are two possible conclusions to draw from this . The first is that , rationally , no one should switch lanes when they 're stuck in traffic . It does n't make them get to where they 're going any faster , but it does slow down the road as a whole .
The second , however , is the exact opposite . As Neeley says :
The hardest part of the experiment is just sticking to it . When it 's a left hand lane only day , it 's often quite difficult to keep to the plan when my lane is going forward at a crawl . But then I remind myself that this is for Science , and I soldier on . Perhaps more importantly , I 've noticed that my subjective sense of how bad the traffic is on a particular day does n't necessarily line up with the objective data . On many a day I feel like my drive has gone on forever , only to find that it was n't any longer than on previous days where it felt like I was flying down the highway .
This is important : the really painful part of being stuck in traffic is not , really , the actual amount of time that it takes to get from Point A to Point B . Rather , it 's the “ stuck ” bit . As a result , the best way to minimize the suffering involved in a long commute is not , necessarily , to simply get to your destination as fast as you possibly can .
One of my lesser-value skills is that when my wife and I are stuck in highway traffic , and she 's driving , I 'm quite good at looking at the live traffic maps , from Google and Apple , and finding a way to use surface streets to skip forward a couple of exits . My guess is that 90 % of the time , when we do that , we do n't actually save time . But pretty much 100 % of the time we both end up significantly happier than we were when we were crawling up the freeway . If you go a longer distance at a modest speed , but you 're not stuck in traffic on an ugly highway , you feel as though you 're getting somewhere .
The same is true when you stay on the highway , rather than leave it : the act of changing lanes , and thereby briefly overtaking the car which up until a moment ago was in front of you , makes you significantly happier than just sitting there like a passive schmuck . Which is why we all do it .
In other words , if you want to understand utility functions , do n't talk to an economist . The economist will find a proxy for utility — in this case , time — and then try to work out what kind of behavior optimizes for the proxy . If Neeley had discovered that changing lanes frequently only served to cause a significant increase in time spent commuting , he would probably just opt to sit in a single lane henceforth , even when doing so was difficult , and even when doing so increased the number of days where it felt like his drive had gone on forever .
The more interesting experiment , I think , would be to judge not actual time spent commuting , but some kind of subjective measure ( say , on a four point scale ) of how brutal the commute was that day . The important thing is n't whether you shave a minute here or there : it 's how you feel once you get to your destination . This is something I 've noticed since switching almost exclusively to Citibike when I bike around New York — while the Citibikes are undoubtedly slower than my regular bike , that does n't make me more impatient in traffic . Quite the opposite , indeed : I feel as though I 've become a more zen biker as a result of the switch .
If you look at subjective rather than objective measures , I 'm pretty sure that all our lane switching will turn out to have a useful purpose after all : it makes us feel as though we 're in control of our own destiny . Which , ultimately , is more important than an extra minute 's commute .
The group representing Ireland 's students has said that holding the marriage equality referendum a month early would not unfairly influence the outcome .
The Government has revealed the country will vote on same-sex marriage in early May , but the Union of Students in Ireland ( USI ) wants the referendum to be held in April .
The USI claims most college-goers will be too busy with exams by May and has suggested April 24 as a possible date for the referendum .
The Taoiseach has already agreed to personally appeal for a yes vote in public debates on the issue .
USI President Laura Harmon said : `` A large cohort of the population are taking their exams at that time so it does preclude a lot of them from making their voices heard .
`` The evenings are longer in May…but unfortunately the young people and those most in favour wo n't be able to go out an canvass ( in May ) . ''
PITTSBURGH — Anthony Levandowski , head of Uber 's self-driving car team , folds his 6-foot-7-inch-frame into one of Uber 's new self-driving Ford Fusion hybrids for another ride-along through downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . He 's just finished up a trip with city Mayor Bill Peduto , and he 's visibly tired . Settling himself in the car 's backseat , he jokes that he 's looking forward to the rollout of Uber 's autonomous Volvo XC90 SUVs : Soon , he 'll actually fit comfortably inside one of the cars in his fleet .
Last week , Uber became the first technology company in the US to let people hail rides in self-driving cars . That 's quite a feat , considering Uber only opened the Pittsburgh Advanced Technologies Center that birthed the project about 18 months ago .
For Levandowski , the transition has been even quicker . He officially joined Uber last month , when the company acquired his autonomous truck startup , Otto . In a past life , Levandowski was the guy who built Google 's very first self-driving car . Now he 's quarterbacking Uber 's bet on autonomous vehicles .
It 's a big bet . But there 's still a lot of work to be done . Each self-driving car in Uber 's Pittsburgh pilot is manned by a safety driver ( ready to take the wheel or hit the brakes during emergencies ) and a co-pilot ( to monitor the car and its route on a laptop ) .
“ We still have a long way to go before the technology 's truly ready to take over , before there 's no driver in the car , ” Levandowski says .
Uber is looking at two core metrics to evaluate its self-driving cars ' performance : how long they can go before a human driver intervenes for any reason , and how long they can go without a “ critical intervention ” — basically , without having an accident .
“ You have a number for both of those before you feel like the product is ready for launch without a safety driver , ” Levandowski explains . “ I 'm not going to tell you where we 're at on those metrics or what the goals are , but that 's how we think about it . ”
Regardless of where Uber currently stands on those goals , it 's clear that a fully autonomous future — or even a more autonomous one — is quite a ways off . Indeed , Levandowski says human drivers and human Uber drivers will be around for a long time .
“ In a world where car ownership kind of goes away and you use Uber for all your transportation needs , you 're going to need more drivers than you have today on the Uber platform , ” he explains . “ The fraction of drivers might change over time , but we anticipate having a huge need as far as maintaining and servicing the vehicles , as well as driving vehicles . ”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Aug. 22 , 2016 , 6:03 PM GMT / Updated Aug. 22 , 2016 , 6:03 PM GMT By Zachary Roth
Nearly 13,000 former felons in Virginia had their right to vote restored Monday—and more could be re-enfranchised in time for the November election .
Gov . Terry McAuliffe announced the rights restoration at a civil-rights memorial in Richmond .
“ Restoring the rights of Virginians who have served their time and live , work and pay taxes in our communities is one of the pressing civil rights issues of our day , ” McAuliffe said in a statement . “ I have met these men and women and know how sincerely they want to contribute to our society as full citizens again . ”
Related : Voting Fight Shifts to Local Level In North Carolina
Monday 's announcement was the latest salvo in an ongoing battle between McAuliffe , a Democrat , and Republican lawmakers over felon voting rights in the Old Dominion .
In April , McAuliffe announced a sweeping executive order which restored voting rights to all Virginians who had completed their prison sentences and any parole or probation—a total of around 206,000 people . State Republicans sued , calling the move a partisan effort to boost McAuliffe 's longtime ally , Hillary Clinton , in a key state . Last month , the state Supreme Court ruled McAuliffe 's order unconstitutional , saying he lacked the authority to issue a blanket rights restoration order .
Virginia 's ex-felon population , like in most states , is disproportionately African-American , and likely leans Democratic .
Related : Trump Poll-Watching Plan Stirs Voter Intimidation Fears
McAuliffe responded to the ruling by saying he would embark on the time-consuming process of restoring rights individually to all eligible Virginians . He said at that time that he would complete the first 13,000—all those who registered to vote after having their rights restored by the original order—within a week . Since then , his office has admitted that the process is taking longer than anticipated .
The nearly 13,000 re-enfranchised Monday will now need to register to vote a second time . That 's because in its ruling striking down McAuliffe 's executive action , the Supreme Court ordered that local election boards remove the newly registered ex-felons from the rolls . McAuliffe said Monday the state would mail personalized rights restoration notifications , along with voter registration applications , to all 13,000 people affected .
McAuliffe 's office also released a memo Monday that outlines a process for considering rights restoration for the roughly 193,000 remaining former felons . The process will involve a review by the Secretary of the Commonwealth , prioritizing those who have requested rights restoration , and those who have been released from supervision for the longest . The governor will then make a final decision , the memo said .
Related : The Fight Against Strict Voting Laws Pushes On
The deadline to register to vote in the November election is October 17 . How many more Virginians might be re-enfranchised in time to vote this fall ?
`` We ca n't put a number on that at this time given that we are engaging in an individualized review of these cases , '' Brian Coy , a McAuliffe aide , said via email . `` The Governor hopes to restore as many Virginians ' rights as expeditiously as possible . ''
Virginia has been a swing state in the last two presidential elections . But with polls suggesting Clinton currently has a solid lead in the state over GOP nominee Donald Trump , her campaign has said it wo n't run local ads there , allowing it to focus resources on states that appear closer .
Virginia is one of several states that has seen efforts to loosen rules on voting by former felons , which disenfranchise nearly 6 million Americans , disproportionately African-Americans . Maryland this year restored voting rights to all felons no longer in prison . Kentucky made it somewhat easier for former felons to have their records expunged and regain the franchise . And Iowa 's Supreme Court rejected a lawsuit aimed at weakening the state 's ban on voting by former felons .
A WiFi router is as ubiquitous as a toaster nowadays , but while one can ruin your day by serving extra crispy toast , the other has the potential to cause much more mayhem . For one , if your router fails , there 's no internet and we know what that means . Secondly , if there 's a ( malevolent ) will , a standard router is easily hackable . It can then be used as a gateway to connect to other devices . All of this is conventional network hacking , basically , but by flexing your spying muscles a bit there 's almost no limit to what you can do with a router .
Take this paper published by researchers from the Northwestern Polytechnical University in China which used WiFi signals to identify people . This identification was made based on the shape of people that was read as radio waves bounced back and forth , as well as by the specific way in which people moved . The success ratio was 88.9 % to 94.5 % in a domestic environment . One potential application is that of having a super custom-made smart home which adjusts lighting , temperature and even music based on the person ( s ) gait walking through the room . Or you can just use it to spy .
For instance , a similar system made by MIT called Wi-Vi “ enables seeing through walls using Wi-Fi signals . It allows us to track moving humans through walls and behind closed doors . Wi-Vi relies on capturing the reflections of its own transmitted signals off moving objects behind a wall in order to track them . Wi-Vi 's operation does not require access to any device on the other side of the wall. ” Using such a device , MIT was able to identify specific persons from a group , and also monitor their heart and breathing rates with 99 percent accuracy .
Then , there 's WiKey which can determine which keys you press on a keyboard based on the radio waves that bounce off the moving fingers . WiKey could reconstruct a sentence with 93.5 percent accuracy .
But maybe the one to take the cake is a system developed at the University of Berkeley which uses distortions and reflections in Wi-Fi signals made by moving mouths to essentially lip-read . This setup was used to tell which words a single person was speaking with 91 percent accuracy . The accuracy was 74 percent when three people were speaking at the same time .
All of these systems are very experimental . They essentially work accurately , as in useful for any purpose be it good or bad , only in controlled environments and after some serious machine training . The idea is that these systems might one day augment our lives — enhance them by making our environments readable by machines . But these can also be used to infringe our privacy . I 'm seriously looking very suspiciously at my router right now . We need to have a talk .
Enjoyed this article ? Join 40,000+ subscribers to the ZME Science newsletter . Subscribe now !
Ed Houben has an unusual pastime . He has slept with scores of women who seek him out for his legendary powers of insemination . As John Laurenson discovers , he does n't charge .
In a farm house in north-western Germany , heated by a lively fire in a wood-burning stove , a bulky and bespectacled Dutchman - he freely admits he is a bit on the heavy side - makes his way upstairs to the baby 's room .
Ed Houben has come to see his daughter for the first time .
He talks gently to the six-week-old baby , and little Madita looks up at him . She is , he says , his 98th child .
I am single . I have long wanted to have a child but I could never find the right man Kati
Mr Houben is a `` charitable sperm donor '' . He helps lesbian couples , single women and heterosexual couples with fertility problems to have children free of charge .
He started out in 2002 donating sperm to a sperm bank .
But his sperm donating career ( he has a day job , by the way , as a tour guide ) really hit its stride when the Netherlands , like many other European countries and Canada , banned anonymous sperm donation and he started offering his services for free on the internet .
'Looking for Ed '
He now donates his sperm in the `` traditional way '' . Using the apparatus God gave him rather than a syringe . `` Much better chance of conception , '' he says .
Image caption Ed Houben wants a family of his own - but would miss his dalliances
`` People probably think it 's 'oh he has sex without responsibility ' but usually I 'm the only person people can talk to if it does n't work , '' he says .
What motivates him , he says , is `` the beautiful hope of creating a new life that will be loved and looked after '' .
Madita 's mother is a 28-year-old nursery nurse , called Kati , with tattoos of Winnie the Pooh , Tigger and Piglet on her forearm .
`` I am single . I have long wanted to have a child but I could never find the right man , '' she explains . `` So after six years I started looking for [ someone like ] Ed . ''
Was it not difficult going to a man that she did n't know… sleeping with a man she did n't know… to make a baby ?
`` We got to know each other beforehand so it was n't such a problem , '' she says .
She wanted to know the man who was going to be the father of her child rather than use an anonymous donation .
`` I want to be able to give answers when she starts asking questions , '' she says .
She also hopes the father will play a role in his daughter 's life . They could meet once or twice a year , she suggests .
List of offspring
Back in the council flat where he lives on his own in Maastricht , Mr Houben shows me some of the mugs the children of lesbian couples make for him at kindergarten when they have Father 's Day .
There are dozens of photos of children around the place , too . So many he has bought a digital frame . A slideshow of snaps of 89 children scrolls away as we speak .
On his computer he keeps an up-to-date list of his progeny to reduce the risk that they might unwittingly interbreed .
`` If , later on , one of my children meets someone who does n't know who his natural father is , he can consult this list , '' he says .
On the `` upcoming '' part of the list there is a British couple that came over after many years of visiting clinics in the USA and the UK .
`` They stayed for eight days and - how should I put it correctly ? - she and I slept together four times and after almost 10 years of trying they had their first pregnancy . ''
They had been trying for 15 years in clinics… paid all their savings… They are beyond these feelings of 'ooh , there 's a stranger sleeping with my wife ' Ed Houben Hear Ed Houben explain his lifestyle on Outlook , from BBC World Service
Last year they visited again , and now they are expecting their second child .
Good faith
I ask : Is it not difficult for the husbands ?
`` I can imagine that if you have never been in this situation it would be difficult , '' he says . `` But take the example of a couple from Belarus I just helped .
`` They drove 1,000 miles to get here each month for three months . They had been trying for 15 years in clinics… paid all their savings… doctors saying 'it will be all right , it will work ' and so on - and it did not work . Usually probably it works but for them it did n't .
`` They came here three times and now they have a baby . They are beyond these feelings of 'ooh there 's a stranger sleeping with my wife ' . ''
With mothers of his children dotted all around the Netherlands and Europe , how does Mr Houben protect himself against claims for financial assistance ?
He seems remarkably relaxed about it . He used to draw up contracts , but since a lawyer advised that they would not guarantee protection , he now relies on good faith .
One day , Mr Houben says , he hopes to find a woman who will want to have his children and start a family with him .
And , if he does , will he find himself a more run-of-the-mill charitable activity ?
He will , he says . Definitely . But he looks a bit regretful as he thinks it over .
Perhaps he could just cut down , he suggests . Only impregnate women who have one or two of his children already and want real siblings , for instance .
Back with his 98th baby , her mother unwraps presents he has brought for them . A large chocolate M for her and a rattle for little Madita .
Is her father going to celebrate when he gets to 100 ?
Well , he does not usually drink , he says . So he can keep up the quality .
But when he gets to his 100th baby he might just make an exception .
Mumbai : Bangladesh bowler Rubel Hossain came and spoke to India batsman Virat Kohli when he walked out in the middle at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Thursday . No , it was n't a meeting of long lost companions . The story is far more intense . It could be sensed when Hossain – after dismissing the 26-year-old – jumped in celebrations and kept looking at the batsman after muttering few words .
The rivalry between these cricketers dates back to their Under-19 days.W
Watch : Did Brad Haddin cheat in World Cup ?
When Kohli led the U-19 Indian team in 2008 , Hossain represented Bangladesh in the same category . They were involved in a heated exchange during one of the group matches and things went out of control . Umpires and other players had to intervene to calm the situation .
Live , Ind vs Ban : Stiff target too much for Bangladesh ; India 4 wickets away from semis
Since then , both have been on a one-on-one mode . Even in ICC World Cup 2011 , Kohli was seen abusing Hossain in the inaugural match .
He had slammed a ton in 2011 but this time , he did not retaliate and quietly walked back .
However , Hossain – who got the better of Kohli also in Asia Cup , 2014 – must have experienced a déjà vu of sorts in the quarterfinal .
Blood Test Predicts Which Antidepressant Will Work
New blood tests could take the guessing out of antidepressant prescriptions .
Up until now doctors have essentially been guessing which antidepressant medication might work for patients .
But now researchers have identified a blood test that could help .
Dr Madhukar Trivedi , who led the research , said :
“ Currently , our selection of depression medications is not any more superior than flipping a coin , and yet that is what we do . Now we have a biological explanation to guide treatment of depression . ”
The blood test measures the levels of C-reactive protein ( CRP ) .
They tested the connection between CRP and two antidepressants called escitalopram ( ‎Cipralex , Lexapro etc . ) and bupropion ( Wellbutrin , Elontril , Zyban etc . ) .
They found that CRP levels could help predict which combination would work .
Dr Trivedi thinks the same approach could be used with other antidepressants .
CRP is a measure of inflammation in the body , which studies suggest is linked to depression .
CRP levels are not the only biological markers that might provide clues as to which antidepressant will work .
Dr Trivedi said :
“ Both patients and primary-care providers are very desperately looking for markers that would indicate there is some biology involved in this disease . Otherwise , we are talking about deciding treatments from question-and-answer from the patients , and that is not sufficient . ”
Giving up
Currently , around one-third of patients do not improve after taking the first medication they are prescribed .
Fully 40 % of people given antidepressants stop taking them within three months .
Dr Trivedi said :
“ This outcome happens because they give up . Giving up hope is really a central symptom of the disease . However , if treatment selection is tied to a blood test and improves outcomes , patients are more likely to continue the treatment and achieve the benefit . ”
The study was published in the journal Psychoneuroendocrinology ( Jha et al. , 2017 ) .
Western Costume Co. , which turns 100 this year , is cleaning out closets and freeing up rolling rack space by holding a centennial spring cleaning sale Saturday .
The costume house is calling it its biggest such sale ever and will be offering up costumes , accessories , footwear and some truly one of-a-kind ( or , in the case of the lime-green airbrushed unitards up for grabs , four-of-a-kind ) pieces . Among the treasures for sale , modeled to hilarious effect by Western employees on the company 's blog : saloon girl dresses , butterfly wings , armored breastplates , sombreros , kimonos , 5/6ths of a gorilla suit and a whole lot of battered garments labeled with just one word : `` Waterworld . ''
A couple of guys ( we 're guessing they 're also employees ) even went all multimedia and posted a YouTube video that reels off some of the sale offerings via a parody of Bill Hader 's Stefon character from `` Saturday Night Live , '' a combination that ends up being very , very funny .
The annual event , now in its fifth year , will take place 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday , May 19 , at the rear loading dock of Western 's headquarters at 11041 Vanowen St. , North Hollywood , ( 818 ) 760-0900 .
RELATED :
Costume Company Sells Fashions from Film History
Western Costume : Preserving Fabric of Hollywood History
Moving to New Haunts : The Unexplained : Western Costume Co. is packing to leave its old building
-- Adam Tschorn
Photos : Portion of the Western Costume flier announcing its centennial spring sale , which will take place 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Saturday . Credit : Western Costume Co .
'For a factory , it 's pretty nice ' : Apple boss Steve Jobs defends conditions at Chinese factory where 10 workers have jumped to their deaths
Apple CEO Steve Jobs has defended conditions at the firm 's Chinese factories
Apple boss Steve Jobs has spoken out for the first time about a string of suicides at one of the firm 's Chinese factories .
Since January this year 10 young workers have killed themselves by jumping from the roof of the factory building at Foxconn in southern China .
Jobs today described the worker 's deaths as 'troubling ' but insisted that the factory 'is not a sweatshop ' .
'It 's a difficult situation , ' he said at the Things Digital conference , an annual gathering of A-list technology and media executives in California
'We 're trying to understand right now , before we go in and say we know the solution . '
But Mr Jobs defended the conditions at the factory .
'You go in this place and it 's a factory but , my gosh , they 've got restaurants and movie theatres and hospitals and swimming pools . For a factory , it 's pretty nice , ' he said .
Jobs also used his speech to hit out at Adobe 's Flash technology which he has refused to allow access to on either the iPad or the iPhone .
Adobe 's Flash multimedia technology allows video and interactive media on the Web
But he described Flash as a 'waning ' technology and said : 'We did n't start off to have a war with Flash or anything else . We just made a technical decision . '
He also used the speech to vow not to get into a search battle with Google , and waxed lyrical about the future of tablet PCs , which he said will one day replace PCs .
Jobs also talked about how he conceived the iPad even before the iPhone .
Apple released the iPad in April and it has quickly defined the tablet computer market , selling more than 2 million units in the first 60 days .
Newly installed nets to prevent workers from jumping to their deaths are pictured outside one of the Foxconn 's factory buildings in the township of Longhua , in southern Guangdong province , China
Apple is widely expected to unveil its newest iPhone next Monday , when Jobs delivers his keynote address at its developers conference in San Francisco .
Consumers have already been given a sneak look at the new iPhone which was famously lost by an Apple employee at a bar earlier this year and then purchased and displayed online by a technology blog .
Jobs said there was debate about whether the phone was simply picked up after being left at the bar , or actually stolen out of the employee 's bag .
'This is a story that 's amazing , ' Jobs said . 'It 's got theft . It 's got buying stolen property .
'It 's got extortion . I 'm sure there 's sex in there somewhere . Somebody should make a movie out of this . '
This article also appears in San Diego Magazine .
Sally Cox , an East County mother of two , thought she was doing everything right .
She works in education . She has resources . She 's smart . Her son went to a private preschool and did fine there .
But when he entered kindergarten , everything was wrong . Within just a couple of months , the teacher informed her and her husband he was struggling with reading . He was going to be left behind .
It was kindergarten .
Homework ( yes , there 's homework ) was a miserable experience every day . They switched schools but he was still behind .
Common Core standards for children mean that , in kindergarten , kids must be able to “ read emergent-reader texts with purpose and understanding . ”
Obviously other kids could meet the standards but the interventions the schools and the Coxes made did n't help . Her son hated school .
“ He can read . But it 's coming slow . He 's considered well below grade level in first grade . I 'm just surprised you could be well below grade level in first grade and still be able to read , ” she said on our podcast , Good Schools for All .
She 's not alone , of course . Many of us began learning to read in first grade .
We can debate Common Core and other established standards all we want — and we surely will for some time . For now , they are the standards many of us confront when our children enter kindergarten .
And some of our children are not ready for them .
It 's not just a wealthy versus poor gap , either . Even the most resourceful parents confront a bewildering array of options — and lack of options — for early childcare and preschool .
“ For the most part , when a family moves into a community and they have a seventh-grade kid , they know where to go , they know who to ask . It 's not the same if you have a seven-month-old child . It does n't matter your socioeconomic background , ” said Ida Rose Florez , executive director of the Elementary Institute of Science , and an expert on early childhood education and development .
For people with low incomes or struggling in poverty , it can obviously be much worse .
Only 48 percent of 3- and 4-year-olds in San Diego County attend preschool , according to Census data crunched by the group Children Now .
It 's not that everyone needs to go to a preschool . But they need to be on that continuum from infancy , especially if they 're going to attend traditional public schools with the standards as firmly in place as they are .
As Florez pointed out , also on Good Schools for All , children serve up cues from the moment they come into the world — invitations to teach them . When the invitation is taken up , it lays a foundation in the actual shape of their brains . It helps them learn more .
“ Learning begets learning , ” Florez said .
She used a cycling metaphor . Children who gradually ramp up from infancy ride the bike of life with a wind at their back . But the headwind kids face without early education can be fierce .
California is trying to address the issue . This year the state is investing $ 500 million more into early childhood education programs . It will increase the number of free preschool slots across the state by 3,000 with promises to increase it by 6,000 more in coming years .
But Lorena Gonzalez , a San Diego assemblywoman right in the middle of that issue , said much of the money will go to simply maintaining the quilt of childcare services we have now . The state is increasing the reimbursement for these caregivers — everything from subsidies for daycare centers to those for grandparents who oversee their children 's children .
The state budget merely stopped the bleeding in this area , Gonzalez said .
“ The disparity between those who learn their numbers , learn their letters and study in private preschools and those who start off in kindergarten is getting larger , ” she said . “ This is a huge issue and if we want to lift up our entire state , it all depends on these years . ”
In 2014 , though , more than 700 preschool slots in San Diego Unified School District — these are fully subsidized — went unfilled .
It 's not because there are no people living in poverty . There are many . It 's mostly because some of the preschool programs were only half-day , which makes it difficult for parents to rely on them for childcare . And the income levels required to qualify are extremely low . Participants must prove they were poor constantly . Parents had an incentive to reject raises at work so they would n't lose the slot .
It was not exactly a good incentive . None of those requirements have changed .
One major program the state put up rather quietly was the so-called transitional kindergarten program .
Kindergarten starts when a child turns 5 . It 's been that way for a long time . If your child is 5 when the school year starts , you can enroll him or her in kindergarten .
Now , however , California has offered a select group of kids an entire extra year of schooling to help them with this very issue of ramping up into kindergarten . It 's called transitional kindergarten , or TK .
How do you get into this elite club ? Simple , when you go about conceiving your children , try to do it between late December and early March . Specifically , you 'll want your child to be born between Sept. 2 and Dec. 2 . It 's like playing the shuffle board of life – you must push it just right .
If you win , and your kids are not quite 5 years old when the school year starts , they can enter transitional kindergarten — the government has offered these lucky children a free extra year of early-childhood learning .
It 's a windfall for parents who qualify . Kidsdata.org , a project of the Lucile Parker Foundation , used a market survey from 2014 to estimate the average cost of preschool in San Diego at just below $ 10,000 . There are not a lot of people who can pass up a chance to save $ 10,000 .
The program has also become a kind of featherbed for parents who might have , in the past , considered redshirting their children . Redshirting is when they hold them back for a year — a common fad , especially for wayward boys . But the evidence is unclear on whether it 's a good thing .
Redshirting used to be the domain of the privileged : You have to , after all , be able to afford an extra year of daycare or preschool to keep your kids out of elementary school .
A mixed transitional kindergarten/kindergarten class , however , is a place where kids can go if they might have otherwise been redshirted . They do well , and they can move on to first grade . They do OK and they can go to kindergarten .
I know this because this is what my son did . Born a couple weeks too early for transitional kindergarten , that 's where he ended up .
It 's a backdoor way to extend universal preschool , and it has also helped ratchet up expectations .
In fact , Cox , the East County mother , told me teachers initially blamed the struggles her son was facing on his own lack of participation in transitional kindergarten .
There was only one problem : He was not eligible for transitional kindergarten .
This year , Gov . Jerry Brown proposed to eliminate TK and instead send the money and some of that extra preschool/childcare budget to school districts , with a mandate that they use it to address the needs of poor communities .
That did not happen . And it remains an entitlement for those who happen to be born in the TK window .
That 's nice , for them . Unfortunately , even if everyone had all the resources they wanted , there remains a major disconnect between school and preschool and daycare .
Right now , preschools generally have an 8-to-1 ratio , meaning eight kids for every teacher . But kindergarten , in San Diego , is right now at 24-to-1 . It 's a jarring transition .
“ There 's nothing magical or scientific that says that 4-year-olds need one teacher for every eight kids but all of a sudden , at age 5 they thrive with 23 or 24 kids per teacher . We treat it as though there 's a huge change in the child but really it 's a huge change in the system , ” said Laura Kohn , executive director of the Education Synergy Alliance in San Diego .
And so , many kids run into the same problems Cox 's son did . They have a play-based preschool . They enjoy it . Then they find themselves in a much louder , more regimented , busier classroom with worksheets , homework and nationwide expectations .
Innovative charter schools are trying different formulas . They 're embracing project learning , technology and more free time . They 're disavowing homework . But those efforts have yet to scale out to the broader districts .
Like with anything in education , the solutions are not easy . Yes , we could extend TK to all students . Yes , we could expand slots for universal preschool and vouchers for good preschools . Yes , we could address the standards and make sure they 're not so academic and try to preserve some of the playing and project-based culture from preschools that kids may need .
But new parents need to know right away that they must put in motion the education of their kids from the beginning . They hear all the time that the time will fly by . It does , and before you know it , the children are expected to read with purpose and understanding .
If they do n't , their parents will end up in that weird world Cox found herself — a place where you 've been informed something is wrong with your child but it 's not clear what you 're supposed to do about it .
Cox 's daughter is now about to enter kindergarten . Having experienced what they did with their son , she and her husband searched for more academic preschools that might better prepare their daughter . Their son had a great first-grade teacher but is still behind .
They did n't find a more academic preschool for their daughter . She wrote in an email to me that she did something she once thought unthinkable .
“ I have considered hiring a tutor to help my daughter prepare for kindergarten ! ! ! ”
CLOSE Facebook signed a deal with Major League Soccer and Spanish-language broadcaster Univision to stream at least 22 matches in English during the 2017 MLS Season . USA TODAY
Sporting Kansas City defender Graham Zusi ( 8 ) centers the ball as D.C. United forward Patrick Nyarko ( 12 ) looks on during the first half at Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium in Washington , D.C. , on Mar 4 , 2017 . ( Photo : Brad Mills , USA TODAY Sports )
Facebook is teaming up with another pro sports league — Major League Soccer — in move that further expands live video programming on the social network .
A deal with Major League Soccer and Univision will bring live MLS games to Facebook starting next week . At least 22 games are scheduled to be streamed . The first , matching the Chicago Fire and Atlanta United , will be streamed Saturday , March 18 , at 4 p.m . ET on the Univision Deportes ' Facebook page . MLS also plans more than 40 “ Matchday Live ” highlights and analysis shows that will stream on the MLS Facebook page .
The matches will be broadcast in English and available in the U.S. only , while the live shows will be available globally , Facebook said . The games , produced for watching on mobile devices , will include graphics , polls and questions for fans to participate in and interact with during the broadcasts .
`` Even if they 're not at the stadium , people can watch the game on Facebook with a great view of the action while interacting with a highly-engaged community of fans , '' said Dan Reed , Facebook 's head of global sports partnerships , in a statement announcing the deal Friday .
Facebook is paying MLS and Univision , for the English-language rights to 2017 games , but financial terms were not disclosed , according to The Wall Street Journal , which first reported the arrangement .
Facebook and its social media rivals have looked to team up with sports leagues to boost audiences . Facebook is reportedly in talks with Major League Baseball to stream games this upcoming season , a deal in the works first reported by Reuters .
Twitter began streaming National Football League games last season and added National Hockey League games and PGA Tour coverage in recent weeks . It also has deals in the works for Major League Baseball games , too . Yahoo streamed its first NFL game in October 2015 . And Amazon has reportedly shown interest in streaming live sports , too .
This is also the second soccer connection for Facebook and Univision . Last month , Facebook began live streaming games from the Mexican La Liga soccer league on the Univision Deportes Facebook Page and on Facebook 's Video tab .
The deal will help grow MLS 's audience , which helps the league and Univision , said Juan Carlos Rodriguez , president of Univision Deportes , in a statement . More than 18 million English-language viewers have watched soccer on Univision .
Read more :
Follow USA TODAY reporter Mike Snider on Twitter : @ MikeSnider .
PHOTOS : Best of opening weekend in MLS
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2mttMje
The crackdown measures on illegal immigration Attorney General Jeff Sessions unveiled in Noagles , Arizona Tuesday continue to draw intense reactions spanning from abject horror to welcome relief .
Professor and Washington Post contributor Daniel W. Drezner began the day by issuing a sincere apology for touching off a viral fake news scandal . Immediately after Tuesday 's announcement , Drezner tweeted that the Attorney General had described all “ illegal immigrants ” as “ filth. ” The tweet was quickly retweeted thousands of times and contributed to an outpouring of misdirected outrage at Mr . Sessions over his use of the word . In fact , as Drezner 's apology on the Washington Post website admits , Sessions had in fact been speaking about MS-13 gang members and Mexican drug cartels .
Filth . He described illegal immigrants as `` filth . ''
Whatever your views on immigration that 's f * * king embarrassing for a US official to say . https : //t.co/sl5x5uLObK — Daniel W. Drezner ( @ dandrezner ) April 11 , 2017
Drezner , however , was careful to note that :
Full disclosure : The hard-working staff here at Spoiler Alerts [ Drezner 's Washington Post blog ] does not like Attorney General Jeff Sessions . Not one little bit . I did n't like him when he was the first senator to endorse Donald Trump . I did n't like him during the campaign when he dismissed divergent views as “ soulless globalism . ”
Left-wing Daily Beast website moved past the verbiage of Sessions 's speech to express shock at the substance of his directives . Beast writer Betsy Woodruff characterized the efforts to secure the border by writing , “ And with that Sessions officially weaponized the Justice Department to crack down on undocumented immigration . ”
Woodruff 's article goes on to quote a “ veteran federal prosecutor ” as being outraged by the new guidelines sent to U.S. Attorney 's Offices , which demand stricter use America 's criminal immigration laws . “ It 's F—ing horrifying . It 's totally horrifying and we 're all terrified about it , and we do n't know what to do , ” the prosecutor told The Beast . “ The things they want us to do are so horrifying—they want to do harboring cases of three or more people , ” he said , upset that Session 's directive to employ the law against harboring illegal aliens , a felony , more widely could impact illegals who “ bring over ” their also illegal families illegally .
Fox News contributors Eboni Williams and Geraldo Rivera were also distraught at the implications of Sessions 's announcement which introduces no new law and calls only for the stricter use of immigration law already on the books . On Wednesday 's Outnumbered , Rivera referenced the same debunked claim as Drezner apologized for :
I am absolutely deeply hurt and offended by the tone of this language . This attorney general by using words like ‘ filth ' to describe the undocumented immigrants coming across the southern border , it smacks of a racist tint to me that I find repulsive . I think that the whole notion that they are possibly going to charge and arrest American citizens who harbor undocumented immigrants , for God 's sake , what does that mean ?
Williams quickly backed up her co-host , saying , “ I 'm just going to speak from my heart . Hearing it , Geraldo , it sounded a lot like fugitive slave laws to me , quite frankly . ”
The America 's Voice Education Fund , a project of left-wing billionaire and open borders evangelist George Soros ‘ s Open Society Foundations , hit Sessions hard in a press release from its executive director Frank Sharry Tuesday . “ This is the smokescreen they use to justify their efforts to deport millions , to keep people out of the country , and , ultimately , to try and remake the racial and ethnic composition of America , ” the release said .
Pro-American immigration group 's reaction to the Sessions DOJ 's plans met the outrage and criticism with enthusiasm .
“ We 've been saying for a long time that there needs to be enforcement , ” Ira Mehlman , a spokesman for FAIR , the Federation for American Immigration Reform , told Breitbart News .
According to Mehlman , measures like charging those caught with multiple illegal entries with felonies will go far in deterring these offenses . “ Changing the perceptions that people have goes a long way towards making the laws enforceable , ” he said . “ We 've seen the border apprehensions plummet to their lowest level in 17 years . That 's largely based on the fact that people now believe the law has some meaning . ”
Dale Wilcox , General Counsel of FAIR 's sister law firm , the Immigration Reform Law Institute , focused on the potential impact of Sessions 's directives on human traffickers , telling Breitbart News :
Illegal-alien smuggling became a billion-dollar business for the Mexican cartels over the last few years , accounting for a full ten percent of their annual revenues . We have former President Obama to thank for that . His nonenforcement and amnesty policies acted like a magnet for illegal immigration as well as a giant US taxpayer-funded subsidy to the cartels . With leadership fully committed to immigration law enforcement , however , that can and will change .
For his own part , Attorney General Sessions took to the airwaves Tuesday to reiterate the message he made in his Nogales annoucement , telling Fox New 's Sean Hannity that , “ The border is not open . Please do n't come . You will be apprehended if you do come , and you will be deported promptly . And if you 're a criminal , you 'll be prosecuted . ”
For other uses , see Portuguese Legion
The Portuguese Legion ( French Légion portugaise and Portuguese Legião Portuguesa ) was the 9 000 men strong Portuguese military force integrated in the Napoleon 's Imperial Armies , mobilized after the occupation of Portugal by the army of General Junot , in 1807 .
The Legion was created by order of Napoleon from 12 November 1807 . Organization began in February , 1808 , with the best units of the disbanded Portuguese Army , including the elite Legion of Light Troops . It left to Salamanca in April 1808 , crossing Spain until arriving in France . During the crossing of Spain , many legionnaires defected , returning to Portugal and joining the Portuguese resistance against the French occupation .
At the service of Napoleon , the Portuguese Legion fought in the campaigns of Germany , Austria and Russia , suffering heavy casualties . It was present in the battles of Wagram , Smolensk , Vitebsk and Borodino ( Moscow ) . Being highly regarded by Napoleon , the troops of the Legion were referred by him as the `` Black Infantry '' .
The Legion was disbanded at 5 May 1814 , with only about 1000 of its soldiers surviving and returning to Portugal .
Organization [ edit ]
The Portuguese Legion was organized as a division , originally including :
Five regiments of light infantry
A battalion of chasseurs à pied
Three regiments of chasseurs à cheval
A battery of artillery
An infantry depot battalion
A cavalry depot squadron
For the 1809 campaign , the 13th Elite Demi-brigade was created , with three battalions , made from elements of the several infantry regiments of the Legion . The 13th Demi-brigade was part of Oudinot 's II Corps .
In 1811 , the Portuguese Legion was reorganized in :
Three regiments of infantry
A regiment of chasseurs à cheval
A depot battalion
In 1813 , after suffering heavy casualties , the remains of the Legion were organized as :
A battalion de guerre
A depot battalion
References [ edit ]
Marriage is a respected institution in Botswana . It 's still viewed as a status to have a ring gleaming on your second left finger . At times the urge to get married can seem more a social than a personal obligation .
Like many women around the world , we grew up on happily-ever-after pro-marriage fairy tales—Cinderella , Snow White .
But with the recent economic downturn , the tradition of paying “ bride price ” has become a different sort of challenge that necessitates all sorts of new ways to cover the “ bill ” .
When a man claims to wholeheartedly love a woman , but can not afford to pay bogadi ( dowry , lobola ) he has two options . The first is to let go of the thought until a later time when he can afford to marry . The second is to make the necessary arrangements to keep the woman . He can pay a small fee and lather the woman 's family with inexpensive gifts and promises to pay off what he owes . He usually lets his uncles do this bit , as is Tswana custom .
The first option , however , is a bit risky as someone might come and take this woman away . So many men devise plans to take their brides “ on credit ” —a take now , pay later arrangement .
Nowadays , only a few women can boast of being married with nice fat cattle . These lucky ones are usually from posh families and educated at upmarket schools and universities . For indeed it still matters in many cases during the bogadi process that you are “ not spoilt ” ( have no children ) , not divorced and are a “ diamond ” ( well educated ) .
Now , this bride-on-credit arrangement remains a closely guarded secret among family members , even though in Botswana communities there are no secrets . Whenever arguments erupt , excitement reigns or conversations dry up , these things are likely to come out . It is embarrassing and humiliating for the woman , to the point that I have heard of women who give their men money to pay themselves off . The men , by contrast , are rarely worried because they are able to have their cake and eat it . He can take his time to pay her off and in the meantime — life and love goes on .
This was the case with a certain Bra J I know . Not too long ago he had a huge wedding , complete with two venues , a white dress for his wife and custom-made suit for himself , cute flower girls and an expensive wedding cake and catering company . I was surprised . Were n't they married all along ? I mean they have three children , share a huge house and wore wedding bands all along . Bra J chuckled and told me that he had married his wife on credit . He had now seen fit to pay off bogadi as they were both comfortable and were navigating their way to old age .
Wow ! Bra J 's wife , on the other hand , was not too keen to discuss this with me as it was beneath her : culturally speaking , she reminded me , I am considered a girl ( young and unmarried with children ) and she is a woman ( married ) .
This bride-on-credit trend is now becoming popular . People sign promissory notes at the magistrate 's court committing to pay off the bogadi .
A would-be suitor insisted that if he married me , he would pay me off in monthly instalments as he could not afford to pay me off at one go . I had a great laugh .
So marriage is an expense and we must play it like a Sudoku game . Yet , in the middle of all this I am fascinated by the pompous affairs weddings and engagement parties are . In Botswana a good nuptial celebration is something you can not miss . People go all out to ensure the event is a never-to-be-forgotten feast of fashion , booze and music . The best you can offer as a sign of respect and joy for the couple is to attend the event , enjoy the food , pack the cakes in your handbag , swallow the alcohol with an open throat and dance the evening away while proclaiming this to be the “ party of the year ” .
For people like me who struggle to keep their mouths shut , there is a need to bite your tongue and not ask if the bride is on credit .
Keletso Thobega was born and raised in Lobatse , Botswana . She is a student journalist and a visual artist
For everything he 's seen , for everywhere he 's been and for everyone he 's met , Vin Scully is , without question , baseball 's version of Forrest Gump .
A self-described ordinary man who 's seen and done extraordinary things and often finds himself at an intersection with history . That 's Vincent Edward Scully .
MORE : Classic photos of Vin Scully | Rare photos of Ebbets Field from the SN archives
Think of a big moment in baseball history since 1950 and chances are good that he was there . Now think of another . And another . The checklist is mind-boggling .
Scully , 87 , announced Friday that he plans to return in 2016 for his 67th and likely final season with the Dodgers , but never mind what the future may hold . His career has already had such longevity , such omnipresence , that the things he 's witnessed might comprise a time-traveler 's baseball bucket list .
He 's seen the beginning and end of Hall of Fame careers from Aaron and Mays to Biggio and Smoltz . He 's worked through 12 presidents and the addition of two U.S. states . When he first broke in , Connie Mack was still active as a manager . Let that sink in : Connie . Mack .
If Scully 's yarn of a career was a movie , like “ Forrest Gump , ” it would require suspension of disbelief .
Yet , Scully answers questions about his fantastical baseball journey with matter-of-fact Gumption .
“ I just happened to be there , ” Scully told reporters during a news conference Saturday . “ It 's not something that I can take any pride in . … I 'm really overwhelmed by the fact that I ‘ ve been so fortunate . God has blessed me beyond an imagination . ”
Indeed , it would take a big imagination to drum up some of the details .
Consider : Like Gump , Scully has not only made it big in the sports world but also has hobnobbed with presidents ( including the time he played ball against a future president ) , chatted with rock stars , acted as brand pitchman and done other outlandish things , such as race Jackie Robinson on ice skates . He also narrated a sitcom and had his own talk show .
But all that 's just dramatic filler — it 's Scully 's witness to on-field history that 's most impressive .
There 's just so much of it , more than you probably realize .
There are the all-time great moments , such as …
Oct. 8 , 1956 : Don Larsen 's World Series perfect game
Working for NBC , Scully was paired with another announcing legend , Mel Allen , for Don Larsen 's perfecto in the 1956 World Series . Allen called the first half , so Scully got the second half — and the final out .
Sept. 9 , 1965 : Sandy Koufax 's perfect game
Sandy Koufax became the first pitcher to toss four career no-hitters , and with his fourth and final he reached the pinnacle with a perfect game . Scully famously called the game with great detail on radio , relaying the time to listeners as Koufax approached history .
April 8 , 1974 : Hank Aaron 's 715th home run
The Dodgers were the Braves ' opponent for The Hammer 's record-breaker , so Scully was there to describe the shot in his typical enthusiastic yet understated way . When the ball landed , Scully stayed silent and let the crowd tell the story .
Oct. 25 , 1986 : 'Game 6 '
“ Can you believe this ballgame at Shea ? ” Scully asked , just seconds before Mookie Wilson hits the infamous grounder up the first baseline and through the legs of Red Sox first baseman Bill Buckner , scoring Ray Knight from second base . After proclaiming “ The Mets win it ! ” , Scully remained silent for nearly 3 ½ minutes as the crowd roared .
Oct. 15 , 1988 : Kirk Gibson becomes Roy Hobbs
Scully had an up-close seat for the Dodgers ' entire 1988 , so we understand why he sounded genuinely excited as Kirk Gibson 's improbable , one-handed walkoff homer sailed out of Dodger Stadium and shocked the heavily-favored A 's .
… and some that are just cool , such as …
July 6 , 1983 : Fred Lynn 's All-Star Game grand slam
The 1983 All-Star Game was , at the time , a rare win for the American League . The standout moment of the AL 's 13-run outburst was undoubtedly Fred Lynn 's grand slam off the Giants ' Atlee Hammaker , the first — and still only — slam in All-Star history , as Scully pointed out with his call .
Oct. 14 , 1984 : Tigers win the World Series
By 1984 , Scully had called enough World Series moments that he apparently did n't feel the need to contribute anything when the Tigers clinched in Game 5 against the Padres , telling the NBC audience to enjoy the crowd noise “ until your heart 's content. ” Here 's Scully 's no-call as the Tigers claimed the title :
Oct. 14 , 1985 : Ozzie Smith 's NLCS walkoff homer
The Wizard came to bat in the bottom of the ninth with the score tied at 2 and having never hit a homer left-handed . He connected on Tom Niedenfuer 's fourth pitch for a homer off the façade of the lower deck at Busch Stadium . Jack Buck 's famous “ Go crazy , folks ! ” call is by far the best known , but Scully was there , too , calling the game for NBC .
Oct. 5 , 2001 : Barry Bonds sets single-season home run record
Less than a month after 9/11 , Barry Bonds broke Mark McGwire 's single-season home run record — one that stood for all of three years — with his 71st homer off the Dodgers ' Chan Ho Park . Scully narrated the shot with his usual professionalism , telling the audience — on both radio and TV — exactly what it needed to know . Nothing more , nothing less .
... And then there are the calls you did n't know existed . More on that in a bit .
An ongoing appeal
Part of Scully 's allure with fans is that association with history and nostalgia , which , as he points out , is mostly a product of circumstance : His decades with the storied Dodgers coincided for many years with prominent network gigs that put him in a position to witness a lot of big games and big moments .
It 's a confluence we 're unlikely to see again .
“ There 's just so much turnover these days with broadcasters . You rarely see one announcer stick with one team for his whole career , ” said Joe Lucia , associate editor at Awful Announcing , which studies sports media .
Further , Lucia said , “ You do n't really see those type of legendary announcers get tabbed for these national games anymore . … Everyone is identifiable with their own team and that 's it . ”
Part of Scully 's ongoing appeal also stems from how baseball consumption works in the 21st century , Lucia said .
“ Anyone can just pull up a Dodger home game at any time and listen to a guy who called games for Jackie Robinson , for Duke Snyder and Willie Mays and all these legends of the game , ” he said . “ We ca n't pull up a live Jack Buck or Harry Caray telecast . There 's just not anything like that anymore . ”
Though he may have lost some spunk in his older years , Scully has remained largely the same announcer for six decades . And the appeal of his simple approach to calling a game is as strong with younger fans as older ones — perhaps , Lucia said , a sign that parents have passed down the Joy of Scully to their children , who then passed it down to their children .
“ He does n't have a color guy in the booth with him . He does n't really rely on graphics or shtick or statistics or anything like that . He tells stories about these players , ” Lucia said . “ And that 's not something you really see at all with broadcasters anymore . And when he retires , that 's not something we 're really ever going to get again . ”
‘ There 'll never be another Vin Scully '
Even those who work with Scully are in awe of what he 's seen .
“ It 's fun when we have a chance to sit down and chat , ” said Glenn Diamond , who grew up in Los Angeles listening to Scully on the radio and now is his producer at SportsNet LA . “ There are certain things throughout my childhood that I remember . I 've asked him about some of those iconic moments , and he 's given me a lot of the insight . ”
Diamond has picked Scully 's brain about calling Don Drysdale 's 58-inning scoreless streak in 1968 , about the particulars of long-gone stadiums such as Forbes Field in Pittsburgh and Crosley Field in Cincinnati , about other moments he remembers hearing on his transistor radio as a child .
The best tale Diamond has heard from Scully is his recollection of the Dodgers ' clubhouse after they lost to the Giants on Bobby Thomson 's “ Shot Heard ‘ Round the World ” in 1951 . ( Yes , Scully was there for that , too . Because of course he was . )
The locker rooms at the Polo Grounds were in center field and close together , so the Dodgers could hear the Giants ' euphoric celebration as their clubhouse remained in depressed silence . As one might imagine , Scully paints a vivid picture .
“ Everybody has seen the home run a million times , but to hear Vin tell the story about having to be with a very sad clubhouse … was very different , ” Diamond said .
More than six decades removed from such moments , Scully , amazingly , recalls them with clarity .
“ He 's very retrospective . The man is a storyteller , ” Diamond said . “ That 's who he is and what he is . … There 'll never be another Vin Scully . ”
The calls you 've probably never heard
Even if we take away all the top-tier baseball history Scully 's called , he 's still got quite the resume of epic moments . Because , like our friend Mr. Gump , Scully has had a good seat for a lot more history than most people realize .
For example , Scully was there …
Oct. 27 , 1991 : Smoltz vs. Morris in Game 7
As Jack Morris and John Smoltz locked horns in dueling shutouts , Scully 's soothing voice told the story on CBS national radio amid the tension of 10 incredible innings that ended with Gene Larkin 's pinch-hit single and the Twins pulling out a 1-0 series-clinching win .
Your browser does not support iframes .
Oct. 23 , 1993 : Joe Carter 's World Series walkoff homer
As Joe Carter took the Phillies ' Mitch Williams deep for the first World Series-clinching walkoff homer in 33 years , Scully 's dulcet tones glistened across the radio waves as the ball cleared the left-field wall .
Your browser does not support iframes .
Oct. 28 , 1995 : Braves finally win the World Series
On their third World Series trip in four seasons , the Braves finally come out on top , defeating the Indians 1-0 . Scully called the action for CBS Radio , painting word pictures of Tom Glavine 's one-hit gem and Atlanta 's only major sports championship .
Your browser does not support iframes .
Oct. 26 , 1997 : Marlins walk off with World Series championship
The Indians and Marlins gave us one of the most underrated World Series in recent memory , capping it off with the Marlins ' walkoff win in an 11-inning , back-and-forth Game 7 thriller . Scully called the action yet again for CBS radio , to date his final national World Series broadcast .
Your browser does not support iframes .
And if all those baseball moments were n't enough , Scully also called one of the more iconic plays in NFL history : Joe Montana to Dwight Clark in the 1982 NFC Championship Game — otherwise known as “ The Catch . ”
Just like Forrest Gump , Scully speaks with humility and matter-of-factness when discussing his life .
`` I 'm just me . When it all boils down , as I tell you from the heart , I am the most ordinary man you 've never met , '' Scully told reporters Saturday . `` I was given an extraordinary opportunity and God has blessed me for doing it all these years . ... I 'm just a guy who 's a sports announcer . ''
There are other sports announcers , and there will be other Dodgers announcers . But only one has set an unreachable bar for his successors . And there 's more to come .
`` I 'm trying very hard for one more year . And God willing , it 'll come about , '' Scully said Saturday , before citing the Dylan Thomas poem `` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night . ''
Do not go gentle into that good night . ... Rage , rage against the dying of the light .
`` For at least the God-given time I have left , '' Scully said , `` I 'll be raging . ''
And we 'll be listening , as a career worthy of a Hollywood tale brings us its final act .
When most preteen kids form a band , it typically starts and ends with middle school – maybe it 'll last through your high school years , if you 're lucky . But for New Jersey-born musician and songwriter Graham Alexander , the band he started nearly 15 years ago is still going strong , regularly touring and releasing new material .
What most people would be surprised to learn , though , is that in between pursuing his music career , it turns out Alexander is also a two-time award-winning Broadway performer . When we chatted with him recently about this , he explained to us how his work in theater helped him finance his rock project and expose him to new audiences , while also teaching him some valuable lessons about putting on a stellar show .
For a pop-rock band , you have a very unique backstory – you 're a two-time award-winning Broadway star . How has your theater experience informed your passion for rock ?
I feel like ... any kind of act that does live shows can really benefit from some professional theater experience . I think the Broadway 's ( and I 'm sure millions of other theater companies ' ) approach to live performance is more rock 'n ' roll – and way more fearless than most people realize . These performers on Broadway are really working hard every night for their passion , which is not something the modern club scene births in the way it did at the rock era heights of Bruce Springsteen ( at the Stone Pony ) , or the Beatles ( in Hamburg ) . Believe it or not , I 'd very closely relate the plethora of musicians working on Broadway to those earlier rock club/band guys –they are professional rock stars with more clout in 2015 .
Very much like the Vaudeville show era that had to progress , so too has club rock from the 1970s . And these days , if that same tradition of musicians are n't playing a larger arena or concert hall ( noting that a relatively new concept is how largely organized live music has become as a business , and how large that business is from clubs in the '70s to the modern day ) , they are likely on Broadway . Especially since Broadway has embraced more and more `` modern popular genres '' and jukebox rock-based musicals .
Which came first for you , Broadway or your rock band ?
I started my band in 2000ish about a decade before I did my first Broadway show . Before that time , I played clubland and did a ton of touring . I also opened a recording studio , went to the UK , Europe , and all over the US , making music and developing my original material , and creating a presence in the industry . Eventually , in 2010 , I auditioned for a Broadway show and got the role . That show ended a year later , but I 'd been recording my first album . I took any money I made and reinvested it in my first album 's promotion , as well as my band ( simply called Graham Alexander ) , and we leveled up !
You learn to be bolder when so much is at stake every night on the stage . I think you take that with you for life .
While you were on Broadway and simultaneously pursuing your own music career , was it difficult to switch back and forth between the two ?
I have n't done any theater productions since I worked at the St. James Theatre in NYC in 2013 , and before then it was 2011 . Both times , I never stopped working on my own career . As far as I was concerned , both shows were fun jobs . But certainly they were most important for being able to fund my career a bit more .
How did you champion your Broadway contacts to launch your rock career ?
Besides meeting my friend Christina Sees ( who worked on the first Broadway show I did as social media manager , and very much helped Graham Alexander to understand and better our social media marketing , among other things ) , I 'd say my career in original music was already 10 years or so in the making prior to that show . Certainly the press allowed the audience to grow .... [ It connected ] me with people that loved the music I was making on my own , while providing much needed income while I invested in my own career .
When you put on a show with your band , how does your taste for theater influence your stage production and performance ? Do you feel like you have an advantage ?
I would say that my shows have absolutely improved based on my Broadway experience . You learn to be bolder when so much is at stake every night on the stage . I think you take that with you for life . I 'm very , very happy with that experience , because it took my original shows to new levels of energy . In live theater , you ca n't have an off night – people paid their last dime for those seats . There is no way I want to be blamed for disappointing them !
Do you plan on continuing to actively pursue a Broadway career , or are you focusing just on your own project now ?
I was always a rock 'n ' roll/pop/songwriting musician , and the bottom line was that that was what got me the roles on Broadway . Broadway was a fantastic job , but it was n't my end point , and I always knew that being too comfortable could lead to complacent attitude towards my songwriting . I made a point of never stopping songwriting , recording , or playing live shows with my band . We just all kept going and scheduled it around Broadway shows for a short time .
I just finished some songwriting/production work for a new show that Marvel/Disney commissioned me for , which was a very exciting thrill to know people liked my own material enough to invest in some brand-new compositions/songs – that should be out in 2016 .
As a Broadway performer , record label owner , and musician , what has been the biggest lesson you 've learned thus far about the industry ?
In many ways , what I 've learned is that the artist makes the industry , not the other way around .
Ai Weiwei , for CNN Written by
On September 22 , Chinese lawyer Xia Lin was found guilty of almost 10 million yuan in fraud , deprived of his political rights , fined 120,000 yuan and sentenced to 12 years in prison . Ai Weiwei is a Chinese artist and dissident . The views expressed below are his own .
Xia Lin Credit : Andy Wong/AP
Xia Lin and I met in 2010 .
I planned to sue the Public Security Bureau in Sichuan for exercising violence ; Xia accepted my offer to hire him as a lawyer and went with me to Sichuan . Despite our efforts , we were unable to file a lawsuit in the Sichuanese courts . The Public Security Bureau , the Sichuan People 's Procuratorate , and the provincial courts all denied any physical abuse took place .
Ai Weiwei travel ban lifted
It is a difficult struggle to be a lawyer in China . The law stands behind those in power , and the judicial system lacks independence . I knew that bringing Xia Lin along could not change the situation . He also felt helpless about it .
No logical reasoning
In 2011 , we faced a familiar predicament when I was detained and released after 81 days . Fake Limited was charged with tax evasion , and it hired Pu Zhiqiang as its defense attorney .
For that case , he partnered with Xia Lin , who was a colleague from the same law firm . Xia left the team after working on the case for a period of time . I could not agree with his reason for parting ways . Regardless , Pu Zhiqiang insisted on acting as the case 's defense attorney until the end . This is as far as I am acquainted with Xia Lin . He was one of the earliest legal associates that I have worked with , he was not a primary defense attorney , and he left the position midway through the case .
Reasons for concern
Scuffles outside trial of Chinese human rights lawyer
Xia 's case has at least several reasons for concern .
He was accused of failing to repay his loans on time . The party that offered him the loan should be the litigant in this kind of civil dispute . From what I have learned from other lawyers , including Pu Zhiqiang , Xia Lin 's loan was not due and there were no civil lawsuits being filed .
Instead of treating the case as a civil suit , the Public Security Bureau arrested and charged him for fraud . This approach violated protocol and was illegal . It reminded me of the time when I was taken away at the Beijing Capital International Airport in 2011 . The Public Security Bureau accused me of tax-related crimes and charges were made against the company that I served .
The execution of the entire arrest , investigation and trial process was illegal under Chinese law . There was no clear conclusion to the case and they failed to provide any presentable evidence . Even if I did not understand Xia Lin 's case completely , I am convinced of , and can relate to , the violations of procedure that he experienced .
Unfair by nature
Journalist forced to leave China hits back
The Chinese judicial system has never been independent and will never become independent .
The Chinese political regime is afraid of discussing this topic and acknowledging that they refuse judicial independence . It is only a tool that operates under the Communist Party 's directives .
The country 's rule of law has never fulfilled its responsibility to serve justice . Given such conditions , all verdicts under such a system are unfair by nature .
Without a platform for debate , information disclosure , and transparency for the nature of evidence in trial , we can only presume that these judgments are unfair .
The judicial system is obligated to prove that it is fair and just . As citizens -- or even a lesser existence without the right to elections -- we are owed the right to a fair trial . If the courts fail to prove that it is fair , then it should be presumed unfair .
Xia Lin 's sentence is no exception . I find it absurd that he was sentenced to 12 years for a loan dispute . This shows that China manifests significant discrepancies on its treatment of justice issues and on its parameters for criminality . Xia Lin is not a corrupt official who embezzled public funds . His fault , if any , related to a private loan dispute .
Further , we can not separate the harsh sentence from his longtime concern for human rights . If one person is treated unfairly in our society , the whole world dulls in color .
Whether it turns truly apocalyptic or ends up just being a short break in standard operating procedure , there 's plenty of blame to go around when it comes assigning responsibility for the government shutdown .
The one thing that should n't be slighted , though , is that it is ultimately Barack Obama 's fault . He 's the deciderer , right , the top dog ? The eight years of his time in office will be known to future generations as the Obama Years and not the Boehner Perplex or the Reid Interregnum .
With great power - and Obama insists he has the unilateral right to kill anyone , even a U.S. citizen , that represents a national security threat - comes great responsiblity .
Instead , President Obama is indulging in incredible displays of peevishness such as this one yesterday during an interview with NPR 's Steve Inskeep . Asked what he might offer to House Republicans , who have called for , most recently , a delay in Obamacare 's individual mandate and a bunch of other late-breaking proposals generally unrelated to how much the government will be spending over the next 12 months :
`` Steve when you say what can I offer ? I should n't have to offer anything , '' Obama said . `` They 're not doing me a favor by paying for things that they have already approved for the government to do . That 's part of their basic function of government ; that 's not doing me a favor . That 's doing what the American people sent them here to do , carrying out their responsibilities .
Read more here . And do n't miss his message to the troops , where he blames Congress for `` dysfunction . ''
Yeah , you should n't have to offer anything , Mr. President . What is it that you like to say in such situations ? I won . Get over it .
But you do have to offer something now because you did n't make sure to get a spending plan in place when there was more time to screw around .
Indeed , the shutdown is happening because the federal government does n't have a budget for fiscal 2014 , which starts today . The reason it does n't have a budget is because the Republican-led House passed a budget calling for $ 3.5 trillion in spending , the Democratically controlled Senate passed a budget calling for $ 3.7 trillion in spending , and President Obama issued a proposal calling for $ 3.77 trillion in spending . This happened back in the spring . The House and the Senate passed their budget plans in late March . The president 's proposal , the last to be issued , came out on April 10 .
After that , the House and the Senate are supposed to hash out differences ( always with plenty of presidential input and noodging ) and then come up with a document for the president to sign . That did n't happen for all sorts of reason . Frustrated by the pathetic showing of Mitt Romney in the 2012 elections and the Supreme Court ruling upholding Obamacare , House Republicans were in no mood to do their most basic function . The Senate had n't passed a budget in four years , so maybe they were so impressed with themselves that they had no interest in finishing the job , which meant seeing it through to completion . Both the House and the Senate budgets passed basically on straight party line votes , with a couple of interesting twists ( for instance , libertarian-leaning GOP members of Congress such as Reps. Amash and Massie voted against their party 's budget because it spent too much for their tastes ; in the Senate , four Democrats and all Republicans voted against that chamber 's plan ) . President Obama was two months late with his document and it was widely dissed by liberals and conservatives alike for a wide-ranging variety of reasons .
And then ... nothing happened . There is no question that Speaker John Boehner ( R-Ohio ) and Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D-Nev. ) are sad sacks who command little respect and less loyalty . Like the Jim Wrights and Tom Daschles of congressional history , they will be even more forgotten in the future than they are today .
But Barack Obama ... he 's a different beast , is n't he ? He 's fond of insisting that because Obamacare passed along strict party lines back in 2010 , when the Democrats had majorities in the House and the Senate , that it 's a done deal . Will of the people , that sort of thing . Even the Supreme Court upheld it . Suck it , Republicans . I won - get over it . His pique is understandable , even as I wish Obamacare had never been passed , much less upheld .
But Obamacare also helped spark a Republican resurgence in the 2010 midterms and the Democrats lost the House . They did n't lose in spite of your programs , Mr. President . They lost because of your first two years in office , when you signed on to Bush 's TARP plan , expanded unpopular military actions , pushed a stimulus that failed by your own predicted measures of success , and forced through a health-care plan that people still do n't like .
Then you compounded legislative issues by failing to kick the asses of sorry little functionaries like John Boehner and Harry Reid to pass budgets on a regular basis . At this point , you 're one for five , batting .200 on budgets . If you had forced the budget process , most Americans would never have learned of the debt limit , whose increase you used to rail against so eloquently . It 's hard , after all , for Congress not to pass increases to pay for spending it budgeted through the normal budget process .
Like a head-in-the-clouds grad-school layabout , you yourself were late on just about everything too , such as Obamacare deadlines and this year 's budget plan . Think about it : You became unpopular enough that Americans were willing to vote back into partial power the same team that gave us the goddamn Bush years .
You lost total control of the federal government and thus the ability to not have to offer anything . Get over it . Figure out how to fix the impasse and spend way more money than the American people think the government should be spending .
After all , it 's your name on the era .
Related : `` There Are Those Who Say Lord Obama Has No Responsibility for Gov't Shutdown ''
WARSAW , POLAND—A Roman Catholic priest has touched off a controversy in Poland after news media quoted him describing toys like LEGO 's Monster Fighters as tools of Satan that lead children to the “ dark side. ” The Super Express tabloid quoted the Rev . Slawomir Kostrzewa urging parents to dump the LEGO series as well as Mattel 's Monster High . The remarks at a Sunday service in the town of Wolsztyn touched off discussion in predominantly Catholic Poland , which holds priests in high esteem .
A Roman Catholic priest has touched off a controversy in Poland after news media quoted him describing toys like LEGO 's Monster Fighters as tools of Satan that lead children to the `` dark side . '' ( Jeff Chiu / AP FILE PHOTO )
Mainstream newspapers seized on the report , as did state radio . Parents took to Twitter to mock Kostrzewa . At issue are the interlocking block toy 's fantasy figures , such as a vampire baring his teeth . The range includes characters like The Swamp Creature and The Werewolf . In remarks Friday to The Associated Press , Kostrzewa says the faces of the monsters and zombies are scary and undermine a child 's right to live in harmony and security . Though he denied that he connected the matter to Satan , he underscored that corporations bent on profit do not have the best interests of children in mind .
Article Continued Below
“ Toys are increasingly ugly and aggressive in form , ” he said . “ Many of them promote negative emotions and the esthetics of death . In my opinion they have a negative influence on a child 's development. ” He said some parents need guidance on the effect that toys have on their children . LEGO spokesman Roar Trangbaek insisted the toys were fun and inspiring , while conflict games have been played for generations . “ You can play out various scenarios and various emotions with the different facial expressions the mini figures have : happy , angry , sad , ” Trangbaek told the AP . “ The beauty of our product is that you can play out whatever you like. ” It is not Kostrzewa 's first crusade . He has in the past campaigned against Sanrio 's Hello Kitty , arguing that it promoted the pornography industry and the sexualizing of young girls .
Read more about :
Kevin Sinfield captained Leeds to a record seven Super League titles
Former England rugby league captain Kevin Sinfield says it is `` probably too soon '' for him to make his union debut after joining Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month deal .
The 35-year-old stand-off finished his league career less than a month ago - in Leeds Rhinos ' treble-securing Super League Grand Final win against Wigan .
He has already begun training with the Championship union outfit .
`` I 'd love a run , but maybe it 's a bit early , '' Sinfield told BBC Radio Leeds .
`` Out of respect for the team , and the two lads with the [ number 10 ] shirt it 's probably the right thing that I did n't , given I 've had a week 's training . ''
Sinfield added that if coach Bryan Redpath said he could play 20 minutes of a match he would `` snap his hand off '' .
The comparison with other 'code-switchers '
Sam Burgess has been linked with a return to rugby league with Leeds Rhinos
As Sinfield comes into union with enthusiasm and hunger , there is speculation surrounding fellow code convert Sam Burgess and his future in the 15-man game .
While Sinfield is at the tail end of a glittering career for club and country , Burgess is at a crossroads , as brother Thomas acknowledged in a BBC Sport interview .
Burgess , 26 , was controversially picked as a centre for England during the recent World Cup after switching codes in 2014 .
There have been several reports about him being lured back to the 13-a-side code .
`` Other league players who made the switch , they all take differing times , '' Sinfield said .
`` Me and Sam are very different , and I think he 's done extremely well . To play in a World Cup after 12 months is remarkable , and Sam will do what 's right for him .
`` I know there 's a lot of speculation , I think if he were to join any Super League club it would only be the Rhinos , but I 'm aware of the interest from the NRL , particularly South Sydney , a place that 's close to his heart - we 'll see what happens .
`` Whether he decides to stay or not , he 'll show everyone what a fantastic rugby player he is . ''
New challenges
Sinfield ( centre ) bowed out along with Jamie Peacock and Kylie Leuluai
The challenge for Sinfield is adapting to new surroundings , a new group of team-mates and a new code of rugby which has unfamiliar nuances .
Though he is a fan of union , he has spent all of his 21 years at Leeds in the 13-man game .
Sinfield says the most difficult thing is `` a combination of walking into the new dressing room , I 've not done it since I was 13 , as you 're never quite sure if you 'll be accepted , and then trying to build some of the friendships you need to go out on the field '' .
`` Building trust and honesty takes a period of time , '' he added .
`` I 'm trying to make up for time with lads who have 15 or 20 years . Everybody 's aware I 'll make mistakes and get things wrong , but hopefully the positives I 'll bring will outweigh the negatives .
`` The two 10s Joel [ Hodgson ] and Harry [ Leonard ] spend a lot of time with me , they 've been fantastic with me , at the moment they 've got the shirts and are playing brilliantly . ''
Recharged and ready
Much like Burgess ' arrival at Bath last season , Sinfield has gone straight from the rigours of a Super League season into a union campaign .
And it was not just any league season , but one that ended with the Challenge Cup , League Leaders ' Shield and the Super League title all secured in style by the Rhinos .
`` The finish we had rejuvenated me , we won three trophies , the last three weeks of the season were incredible , '' Sinfield added .
`` To finish with that I then had a week away in the sunshine and rest with the kids , and a change is as good as a rest .
`` I 'm ready to get cracking , it 's very different but that does n't mean it 's not fun or I 'm not going to make a success of it . ''
A dying Baruch College freshman was denied medical condition for hours because fraternity brothers researched the cost of an ambulance and found it to be cost-prohibitive , according to a grand jury report obtained by the NY Times . 19-year-old Pi Delta Psi pledge Chun `` Michael '' Deng was unresponsive and breathing irregularly after being brutally assaulted in a hazing ritual in the Poconos in December 2013 . But by the time his classmates transported him to a hospital , it was too late for doctors to save him .
Deng had been a reportedly defiant participant in a hazing ritual known as the `` Glass Ceiling , '' which one member of the Asian-American fraternity said was intended to test the mettle of students attempting to succeed in the predominantly white American business world . One frat member told cops that the hazing required blindfolded pledges to run a violent gauntlet carrying a 30-pound backpack symbolizing the burden of trying to break into the mainstream .
According to the Times , Deng was subjected to greater `` Glass Ceiling '' abuse than other pledges because he thought the whole thing was stupid :
Mr. Deng , a freshman at Baruch College whose parents emigrated from China , did not fall into line . He fought back , kicking one of the men lined up to tackle him , a fraternity brother told investigators . A second told the police he did not say the things he was supposed to , adding , “ He got the ‘ Bros ' mad. ” So the brothers hit harder . One ran at Mr. Deng from 15 feet away and plowed into him with his head lowered , in a move known as the spear , student witnesses said . Others pushed him to the ground , the force of each blow amplified by the weight on Mr. Deng 's back .
After they finally transported Deng to the hospital , doctors determined that he sustained severe brain trauma during the ritual and was subjected to repeated blunt force trauma to his head , torso and thighs . Doctors found bruises throughout his body and said he also had traumatic asphyxia , `` likely from hits or tackles magnified by his backpack 's heavy load . ''
After Deng collapsed outside the rented house where the pledge weekend was taking place , the brothers carried him inside , removed some of his clothing , and tried to force sugar into his mouth to revive him . They also contacted the fraternity 's national president at the time , Andy Meng , who allegedly told them to hide any fraternity items . And they spent an hour Googling phrases such as “ Concussion ca n't wake up , ” “ snoring but not waking up ” and “ pupils do n't dilate . ”
What they did not do is call 911 , because , according to fraternity member Kenny Kwan 's statement to police , `` someone looked it up and the bill/cost was too high . '' Kwan is one of five Pi Delta Psi members who will be charged with third degree murder—prosecutors say he tackled Deng with a 15-foot running head start . 32 others face criminal charges for their involvement in the hazing death and alleged cover-up ( Meng , whose older sister is Queens Representative Grace Meng , is among them ) .
Pi Delta Psi has been permanently banned from Baruch . The Deng family has filed a civil lawsuit against the college and the fraternity , which also faces criminal charges .
`` There 's a variety of different levels of responsibility and involvement , '' Monroe County assistant district attorney Michael Rakaczewski told NBC . `` From individuals who were actively involved to individuals who lied to the police to individuals who hid evidence to individuals who fled the scene . ''
An attorney for one of the frat brothers facing lesser criminal charges said , `` It is regrettable that the D.A . and the Grand Jury made no distinction as to the individual culpability of each of the young man who was present . I believe a number of the defendants would be acquitted by a jury . The tragic death of Michael should not be used to ruin the life of so many young Asian American college students , the bulk of them fully cooperated with the DA and testified before the grand jury . ''
When Sergio García-Dils de la Vega kissed his girlfriend , Pilar Orche , goodbye at the entrance to Krubera Cave , he promised to return the next day . But after teammate Bernard Tourte bruised his side in a tight passage , García-Dils decided to stay with him at an underground camp , missing his chance to return to the surface before going deeper . It was two weeks before Orche saw her boyfriend again .
Our expedition , however , had come prepared for a long siege , bringing more than five tons of gear to the cave . Ever since 1956 , when explorers in France first descended below 1,000 meters ( 3,281 feet ) , generations of cavers had dreamed of achieving the 2,000-meter ( 6,562-foot ) mark . Would Krubera take us there ?
Cutting a jagged path through the limestone of the Arabika massif on the edge of the Black Sea , the “ trail ” to Krubera Cave drops down a chain of pitches , cascades , and pits—some more than 100 meters ( 328 feet ) deep—connected by narrow rift passages called meanders . The cave , located in the separatist region of Abkhazia , was named after Russian geologist Alexander Kruber . In 1960 researchers from the Republic of Georgia explored it to a depth of 90 meters ( 295 feet ) . Two decades later , I organized a series of expeditions to investigate new deep caves , using dye traces in cave streams to probe Arabika 's potential depth . In 2001 a team led by Ukrainian Yuri Kasjan set a world record in the cave of 1,710 meters ( 5,610 feet ) . Last July a Moscow-based team extended that to 1,775 meters . Our hope was to find a path past 2,000 meters ( 6,562 feet ) .
At the start of the expedition , Alexander Karpechenko , whose nickname is “ Brick , ” exulted in getting his hands on a brand new gasoline-powered hammer that he planned to use to boreholes for explosives to free up tight passages . Team members in nearby Snow Cave cleared blasted rubble from a passage that had been blocked by a “ boulder choke . ”
Like mountaineers scaling a Himalaya peak , our expedition of 56 cavers from seven countries established a series of campsites at depths of 700 , 1,215 , 1,410 , and 1,640 meters ( 2,300 , 3,990 , 4,600 , and 5,380 feet ) . There team members cooked meals , slept five and six to a tent , huddled for warmth , and worked for up to 20 hours at a stretch .
By the third week our downward progress was blocked by a sump at a depth of 1,775 meters ( 5,823 feet . ) Gennadiy Samokhin surfaced after a dive to examine a tight squeeze at the bottom of a ten-meter-deep ( 32.8-foot-deep ) pool . “ No chance to get through , ” he said .
Searching for a route around the sump , Sergio García-Dils de la Vega braved a cascade of near-freezing water . Also unsuccessful , he discovered to his dismay that his waterproof dry suit had holes in it . “ The water was so cold I lost the feeling in my fingers , ” he said later . In a last ditch effort , Denis Kurta and Dmitry Fedotov squeezed through a narrow , 100-meter-long ( 328-foot-long ) passage called the Way to the Dream , which successfully bypassed the sump and pointed steeply down . The next day Bernard Tourte and others followed . It was the breakthrough we 'd hoped for . The news , spread by telephone to all camps , was greeted with elation , boosting everyone 's spirits .
The newly discovered passage led to yet another sump at a record 1,840 meters ( 6,037 feet ) , where Samokhin emerged smiling from a brief test dive . There was a promising downward tunnel , he reported . But it would have to wait . After nearly four weeks of working underground , with supplies running low , our expedition had finally run out of time .
Flush with our success and relieved that team members had incurred only minor injuries , I opened my arms to welcome each of the cavers as he or she emerged back on the surface . Bernard Tourte , his red caving suit , helmet , and gear completely covered with grime , held a congratulatory bouquet of alpine flowers—for a job well done .
Sony Pictures said today it is re-releasing the Sony/Columbia raunch comedy in about 2000 theaters beginning Friday . The ensemble comedy about what happens to six pals trapped in a house as the apocalypse begins outside stars James Franco , Jonah Hill , Seth Rogen , Jay Baruchel , Danny McBride , Craig Robinson , Michael Cera and Emma Watson and has grossed $ 96.8 million to date at the domestic box office since it bowed June 14 opposite Man Of Steel . This Is The End was marketed squarely at a young adult male audience and was situated on the release schedule to counterprogram the Superman pic . “ This Is The End really struck a chord with comedy moviegoers this summer ” , said Rory Bruer , president of Worldwide Distribution for Sony Pictures , in the release announcing the plans . “ For everyone who did n't get a chance to see it — or saw it and loved it and wants to see it again on the big screen — we are thrilled to have it back in theaters. ” Rogen and Evan Goldberg directed their screenplay and produced with James Weaver .
Related stories
‘ Man Of Steel ' Soars To $ 200.3M Worldwide In First 4 Days As # 1 : Record June Domestic Opening Of $ 128.7M , International $ 71.6M
‘ Breaking Dawn Part 2′ Opens To Behemoth $ 340.9M Global Weekend ( $ 141.3M Dom + $ 199.6M Intl ) : Twilight Saga Record Abroad ; Holdover ‘ Skyfall ' # 2 & ‘ Lincoln ' # 3 Strong
‘ Iron Man 3′ Breaks Records : $ 175.3M Sets 2nd Biggest Domestic Opening Weekend ; Worldwide Totals Franchise Best $ 680.1M
NEW DELHI : As losses of airline 's mount , the aviation regulator is planning to conduct a financial audit of Indian carriers to check if their poor fiscal health is not affecting safety of passengers . A senior directorate general of civil aviation ( DGCA ) official said the audit could start next month itself.The DGCA has conducted these audits in the past too . The audit conducted in 2011-end identified Kingfisher as a distressed airline , which eventually shut down in October 2012 . In this audit , the regulator asks Indian carriers to submit their financial details and answer a list of questions like if they are buying spares or cannibalizing planes and if they are paying salaries in time . An airline with “ substantial findings ” , read which is proven to be in financial distress , has two options — either operate a smaller fleet with full safety or shut down.Since the last audit , the losses and debt of airlines have only mounted with IndiGo being the only consistently profitable airline . According to the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation , collective industry losses of past seven years till March 2014 are $ 10.6 billion and their combined debt is $ 15.8 billion . Airlines have collectively lost $ 1.7 billion in FY14 , a figure that will be lower for FY 2015 due to fall in fuel price .
LGBulleTIn # 11The week in LGBTI news from around the world
August 15-21 , 2015
Saturday , August 15
China : activist sues ministry of Education over textbooks ' content
The No.1 Intermediate People 's Court in Beijing accepted a lawsuit against China 's ministry of Education over textbooks that speak about homosexuality as a “ psychological disorder ” , even though it was removed from the country 's official list of mental illnesses in 2001 . The suit was filed by Qiu Bai , a 20-year-old university student from the province of Guangdong : `` When I was experiencing an identity crisis ” , she told The Global Times , “ I tried to seek help by consulting these textbooks . But the wrong information has hurt me as well as other students like me ” . She said several official complaints had gone unanswered before the Bejing court accepted her lawsuit .
~~~
Sunday , August 16
United Kingdom : 1 in 2 young people say they are not 100 % heterosexual
Asked to plot themselves on a “ sexuality scale ” based on the pattern invented by Alfred Kinsey in the 1940s , 23 % of British people choose something other than 100 % heterosexual . The figure rises to 49 % among 18-24 year olds , a result that YouGov describes as “ particularly striking ” : “ With each generation , people see their sexuality as less fixed in stone , ( and ) accept the idea that sexual orientation exists along a continuum rather than a binary choice ” .
Read the full poll results and a comment on the Guardian
~~~
Monday , August 17
Australia : Marriage Equality bill introduced to Parliament
https : //www.youtube.com/embed/Zi6RU_1Vr00
Despite its little chances of success after the Coalition decided to block any conscience vote on the issue , the cross-party Marriage Equality bill was introduced to the House of Representatives by MP Warren Entsch . “ This bill does not create different classes of marriage ” , he said during the presentation . “ [ … ] It is designed to promote an inclusive Australia , not a divided one ” .
Earlier on , Prime Minister Tony Abbott said he would be disappointed if any of his backbenchers voted against party policy . According to The Guardian , though , three of them have already announced they would cross the floor to vote for the multi-party bill , if it ever came to a vote .
Read more on Star Observer
~~~
Tuesday , August 18
United States : White House hires its first openly trans official
Raffi Freedman-Gurspan is making history as the first out trans person to ever work in the West Wing : she will serve in the White House Office of Presidential Personnel as an outreach and recruitment director .
A former policy adviser at the National Center for Transgender Equality ( NCTE ) , Freedman-Gurspan has also worked to address violence against trans women of color , an issue that continues to make headlines as 17 trans persons have already been murdered in the United States since the beginning of 2015 .
Read more on Buzzfeed
~~~
Wednesday , August 19
Colombia : five LGBTI defenders killed in the first months of 2015
In the first six months of 2015 , 34 human rights defenders were killed in Colombia : a report filed by Programa Somos Defensores indicates that at least five of them were members of the LGBTI community . Most of the perpetrators of these murder remain unknown . “ ( These data ) cast a shadow on the true value of the words of the government on peace and human rights ” , says report , also because the overall number of defenders who have been victims of some kind of aggression in 2015 has already reached 399 .
Read more ( in Español ) via ILGA LAC
~~~
Thursday , August 20
Ugandan minister pushes for regional ban on adoption from countries where same-sex marriage is legal
https : //www.youtube.com/embed/BqRkyiwrGDQ
Shem Bageine , Uganda 's state minister for East African Affairs , is pushing to have people coming from countries where same-sex marriage is legal barred from adopting children from the five member states of the East African Community ( Burundi , Kenya , Rwanda , Tanzania and his own homeland ) . His appeal was made before members of the EAC Legislative Assembly who are sitting in the Ugandan Parliament .
`` I do n't think the Hon . Minister has the best interests of the children at his heart '' , director of Out and Proud Diamond Group Edwin Sesange told Gay Star News . `` Children deserve love , care and a stable family '' .
Earlier this week , pianist Holly Bowling began a Spring Tour that brings her to Asbury Park tonight , Port Chester tomorrow and Cambridge on Sunday . Last night , Bowling showed off her masterful interpretations of Phish and Grateful Dead classics at the River Street Jazz Cafe in Plains , Pennsylvania . A soundboard matrix recording of Thursday 's show has already surfaced and serves as this week 's Full Show Friday selection .
Holly kicked off the show with her take on “ The Curtain With ” and then treated fans to a gorgeous version of “ Unbroken Chain. ” Bowling first caught our attention by re-working Phish 's famed “ Tahoe Tweezer ” for solo piano and last night 's performance included two different historic Phish jams . The first came out of “ Piper ” when she showed off her interpretation of the jam Phish played out of “ Sneakin ' Sally Through The Alley ” at The Gorge in 2009 . Later in the night , Holly offered up her version of the “ Tweezer ” jam the Vermont quartet unleashed on April 21 , 1992 in Eureka , California . Other highlights from Thursday 's performance were a near 20-minute “ Terrapin Station Suite , ” an “ It 's Ice ” featuring “ Frankenstein ” in the middle and the spot-on , show-closing “ Taste . ”
Listen to a soundboard matrix recording of last night 's show from Keith Litzenberger :
Game of Thrones is premiering tonight , July 16 , on HBO . The season is going to bring a lot of surprises , including some new cast members that fans are buzzing about . Here are the new people joining the cast that you should keep an eye out for .
Jim Broadbent as an Archmaester
Jim Broadbent is joining the cast as a Maester who meets Sam in Oldtown . He told Screencrush that he 's joining as an archmaester .
I 'm a maester , an archmaester . I 'm an old professor character .
He has a significant role in five out of seven of the episodes , which he shares with Sam Tarly . This also means that Tarly 's going to have a pretty big role this season too .
Some fans are theorizing that he might be Maester Marwyn from the books , a man who traveled the world studying magic .
Tom Hopper as Dickon Tarly
Billy Bones escaped death , but can he defeat Flint ? # BlackSails pic.twitter.com/hWcYvZYQpJ — Black Sails ( @ BlkSails_STARZ ) November 23 , 2016
Tom Hopper is joining the cast , but he 's not playing a new character . He 'll be playing Dickon Tarly , who is being recast . He was originally played by Freddie Stroma . Dickon is Sam 's younger brother . Hopper is known for his role on Black Sails .
Megan Parkinson as Alys Karstark
Megan Parkinson será Alys Karstark em Game of Thrones https : //t.co/zWlyFg9NUs # GOT pic.twitter.com/Zk2JgUiRMR — Game of Thrones PT ( @ GoThronesPT ) February 27 , 2017
Megan Parkinson is joining the cast as Alys Karstark . In the book series , she 's an heir to House Karstark and flees to the Wall , looking for Jon Snow . This does n't seem likely to be the plot for Season 7 , however .
Eddard Sheeran Has an Unnamed Role
Eddard Sheeran , singer-songwriter , will have some type of role this season . Nothing else is known at this time , but he did confirm this . It will be just a brief appearance with Maisie Williams , who is a huge fan .
Conor McGregor as Euron Greyjoy 's Pirate ( Unconfirmed )
UFC champion Conor McGregor is cast in a cameo as a pirate on one of Euron Greyjoy 's ships , according to Screenrant . However , other sources say that he has denied this information . Only time will tell on this one . IMDB does have him listed .
Noah Syndergaard Will be a Lannister Guard
Noah Syndergaard of the New York Mets will have a cameo as a Lannister guard , Sports Illustrated revealed . He traveled to Spain for filming . This will be a minor role since he wo n't have any lines .
Bastille May Be Appearing ( Unconfirmed )
The Sun is sharing rumors that Bastille might be in the season in some type of guest music capacity . Watchers on the Wall also reported that they were on set in Belfast , but Dan Smith said they were just on a studio tour . At this point , we do n't know if that was the truth or misdirection .
Unnamed Characters Being Added
When casting for new characters in Season 7 , the crew of Game of Thrones CinemaBlend reported the following characterswas purposefully vague , not sharing names or too many details . were being added to Season 7 :
General
Priest
Warrior
Gate Guard
City Guard
Merchant
Lovely Lady
Young Lord
Lieutenant
Most of the ones listed above were for one week only , so they likely wo n't play much of a role . However , the Warrior , Gate Guard , and the Lieutenant will be around for longer than just one episode .
The Warrior is described as a fierce fighter with rough looks , white with an English accent ( so not Dothraki . ) The Lieutenant was described as Middle Eastern and athletic ( possibly a new Dothraki character ? ) And the Gate Guard is described as a young Northern man who is not afraid to speak his mind .
Originally published under the title `` What 's NACCHO got to do with Oregon 's vaccine exemption fight ? ''
NACCHO ? It sounds like a bad acronym from an Austin Powers movie . But it is actually one of the most powerful anti-vaccine choice front groups in the country , whose primary funder appears to be the CDC .
NACCHO ?
It sounds like a bad acronym from an Austin Powers movie .
What/who the heck is NACCHO ?
NACCHO is The National Association of County and City Health Officials . If you briefly perused their website , you might be confused into thinking that they were a federal agency of sorts . First off , there 's the name . Many people associate `` National Association '' with something sort of official . The next thing that might throw you off is the way NACCHO describes themselves :
NACCHO 's members are the 2700 local health departments across the United States . NACCHO 's vision is health , equity , and security for all people in their communities through public health policies and services . NACCHO 's mission is to be a leader , partner , catalyst , and voice for local health departments in order to ensure the conditions that promote health and equity , combat disease , and improve the quality and length of all lives .
For the uninitiated , reading NACCHO 's self-description might cause you to reach the following conclusions :
NACCHO is a federal organization
Its members are all the local health departments
Somehow , this is a way for all the local health departments to all be connected together , probably there is a rule somewhere that says they should all coordinate themselves on a national basis ( and there is n't , the health of citizens is a state-level job , according to the U.S. Constitution )
As you 're probably getting used to by now with these articles , NACCHO could not be farther from any of that in reality , so let 's look at the details :
1 . NACCHO 's `` membership '' revenue numbers do n't add up at all
Referring to the conclusions one might draw from the above , it appears that NACCHO is a collective of local health departments . According to NACCHO , there are `` over 2700 '' of them and most people would probably presume these local health departments pay a membership fee to be a part of NACCHO , which they do .
NACCHO has a membership form for local health departments , you can see it right here . If you look at the form , you 'll see that local health departments ( NACCHO 's claim is that they are just a group of local health departments ) can join NACCHO , and that their annual membership fees is pro-rated based on how large a population they serve . The most an annual membership could cost any health department would be $ 4,150 per year , as you can see right here :
Just for fun , we ran the math . 2,700 local health departments . To be conservative , let 's say EVERY health department had 3 million or more people in it ( which would be impossible because with more than 2,700 health departments as NACCHO members that would mean the U.S. had 8.1 billion people ) but let 's just see how much money NACCHO could pull in annually from membership dues if that were true :
`` Membership Fee of $ 4,150 x 2,700 local health departments= $ 11,200,000 ''
Here 's the problem . NACCHO breaks out their revenue from membership dues on their 990 form . Are you ready for this ? Here 's what NACCHO actually made in membership revenues in 2013 :
$ 595,881
If you are saying , at this point , `` so what '' ? You 're right . We have n't proven anything . In fact , the only thing you know about NACCHO so far is that :
They claim to be a collective of 2,700 local health departments . ( In fact , it 's fair to say this is the primary way they define themselves . )
From their members they receive just over a half million dollars a year in membership dues , according to their 2013 990 form filed with the IRS .
Here 's the problem NACCHO makes $ 25 MILLION a year in revenues :
$ 25 million a year ? That means membership dues—which NACCHO implies defines who they are—are responsible for approximately 2 % of their annual revenues .
2 . NACCHO makes all their money from government and private grants
With membership dues of roughly $ 500,000 and revenues of $ 25 million , the story on NACCHO is $ 24.5 million short of an explanation . Luckily , their 990 has to break out sources of revenue one step further , which is how we learn the following :
NACCHO is making the majority of their annual revenue from two sources : government grants ( $ 19.3 million ) and other grants ( $ 3.6 million ) .
Government grants ? What kind of government grants ? Who , aside from a local health department , wants to contribute to an organization that represents local health departments ? Remember , NACCHO 's mission is very clear :
`` NACCHO 's mission is to be a leader , partner , catalyst , and voice for local health departments ''
Government grants
Unfortunately , NACCHO 's Form 990 does n't break out exactly where their Government grants come from , but this document gives you a pretty good idea :
Wait a minute . 7 of the 11 funding priorities from NACCHO come from the Centers for Disease Control ? Not only that , but CDC is really all over NACCHO 's website , like here , here , and here .
NACCHO spells out who their partners ( funders ) are on their website right here . CDC is listed . So is the Immunization Action Coalition . And , a myriad of other `` private nonprofts '' that focus on public health .
Can we draw any conclusions from this information ? Sure we can :
NACCHO gets most of their money from government grants . CDC appears to be a primary funding source .
Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date… January , 2019 December , 2018 November , 2018 October , 2018 September , 2018 August , 2018 July , 2018 June , 2018 May , 2018 April , 2018 March , 2018 February , 2018
Hundreds of immigration advocates and supporters attend a rally and march to Trump Tower in support of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , also known as DACA , on Aug. 30 in New York City . | Spencer Platt/Getty Images Judge rebuffs red states ' effort to drop suit against Obama immigration actions
The federal judge who ruled in favor of red states to block President Barack Obama 's 2014 round of executive actions on immigration has rebuffed an effort by those same states to drop their litigation .
Judge Andrew Hanen , of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas , issued an order Friday rejecting a notice that Texas and 25 states filed Tuesday seeking to dismiss the lawsuit they brought over Obama 's never-implemented Deferred Action for Parents of Americans , or DAPA . The program is intended to offer quasilegal status and work permits to illegal-immigrant parents of U.S. citizens and legal residents .
Some of those Republican-led states were considering using the suit as a vehicle to challenge the similar , better-known program for foreigners who entered the United States as children — Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , or DACA .
However , those states backed down Tuesday after the Trump administration announced plans to wind down the DACA program starting in March .
Hanen 's decision does n't pose any immediate legal threat to the DACA program , and he did n't rule out dismissing the pending case , which revolves around a set of executive actions that were never put into effect because of the litigation . However , he said a brief dismissal notice was not the right mechanism to dispose of a case that has been pending for nearly three years and traveled all the way to the Supreme Court .
The most reliable politics newsletter . Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news , every morning — in your inbox . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
“ It is not appropriate in a case which has had the extensive and hard-fought clashes over the merits that this one has , ” Hanen wrote . “ When the merits have been joined , and an injunction issued and affirmed on appeal twice , dismissal by notice is not appropriate . This Order does not presage any ultimate ruling should a different form of dismissal motion be filed . ”
Lawyers for the red states suggested the dismissal procedure was appropriate because no formal answer to the suit had been filed by the federal government , but the judge disagreed , saying that “ to hold otherwise would be to elevate form over substance and place undue emphasis on the title of a pleading rather than its substance . ”
A spokesman for Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton did not immediately respond to a request for comment . The Justice Department declined to comment .
At least two lawsuits have already been filed in other courts over President Donald Trump 's decision to end the DACA program . A group of 15 blue states and the District of Columbia filed suit Wednesday in federal court in Brooklyn , New York , and the University of California filed suit Friday in federal court in Northern California .
'T is the season to be jolly — or , at any rate , to spend a lot of time in shopping malls . It is also , traditionally , a time to reflect on the plight of those less fortunate than oneself — for example , the person on the other side of that cash register .
The last few decades have been tough for many American workers , but especially hard on those employed in retail trade — a category that includes both the sales clerks at your local Walmart and the staff at your local McDonald 's . Despite the lingering effects of the financial crisis , America is a much richer country than it was 40 years ago . But the inflation-adjusted wages of nonsupervisory workers in retail trade — who were n't particularly well paid to begin with — have fallen almost 30 percent since 1973 .
So can anything be done to help these workers , many of whom depend on food stamps — if they can get them — to feed their families , and who depend on Medicaid — again , if they can get it — to provide essential health care ? Yes . We can preserve and expand food stamps , not slash the program the way Republicans want . We can make health reform work , despite right-wing efforts to undermine the program .
And we can raise the minimum wage .
First , a few facts . Although the national minimum wage was raised a few years ago , it 's still very low by historical standards , having consistently lagged behind both inflation and average wage levels . Who gets paid this low minimum ? By and large , it 's the man or woman behind the cash register : almost 60 percent of U.S. minimum-wage workers are in either food service or sales . This means , by the way , that one argument often invoked against any attempt to raise wages — the threat of foreign competition — wo n't wash here : Americans wo n't drive to China to pick up their burgers and fries .
The last time Donald Trump 's returns became public , he paid $ 0 in taxes . The Washington Post reports that was for two years in the 1970s .
According to a 1981 report from New Jersey regulators , Trump used a popular tax code provision to report a negative income .
SEE ALSO : NRA officially endorses 1 White House contender
Trump has boasted about taking advantage of the tax code to pay as little as possible , but he 's also made targeting those loopholes and the people and companies who use them a big part of his presidential campaign .
He 's been increasingly reluctant to reveal his current tax returns , first claiming an Internal Revenue Service audit prevented him from disclosing them . According to several outlets , an audit does n't legally prevent him from disclosing his past returns .
GALLERY : Five fun financial facts about Donald Trump :
5 PHOTOS Five fun financial facts : Donald Trump ( Moneytips.com ) See Gallery The last time Donald Trump 's tax returns went public , he paid $ 0 1 . Of the 515 companies that Trump oversees , 268 are branded with his name . Photo ©iStock.com/aluxum 2 . Trump 's father Fred died in 1999 with an estimated net wealth between $ 250 million and $ 450 million , from which Donald received an estimated inheritance worth $ 40 million to $ 200 million . Photo ©iStock.com/ginosphotos 3 . As of April 2016 , Forbes says Donald Trump 's net worth is $ 4.5 billion . He says it 's $ 10 billion . Photo ©iStock.com/andykatz 4 . Donald Trump is the 113th richest person in the U.S. according to Forbes . Photo ©iStock.com/mphillips007 5 . Although he says his presidential run is self-funded , and has lent his campaign millions , Candidate Trump has only given $ 317,471.27 to his campaign through March , 2016 . Photo ©iStock.com/NoDerog Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
Now , Trump might become the first presidential nominee since the '70s to withhold his tax returns . Even though he criticized Mitt Romney for delaying his returns in 2012 .
`` Mitt has to get those tax returns out . I 'm a little surprised they were n't better prepared for that , '' Trump said .
And Trump promised to release returns after President Barack Obama released his birth certificate — which Obama did .
The right and the left have attacked Trump for not releasing his tax data , but he still has n't budged .
So why wo n't Trump release his returns ? When anchor George Stephanopoulos asked Trump what his tax rate was , Trump replied , `` It 's none of your business . ''
More from :
Democrats use Trump as bogeyman to get people to vote
Trump willing to speak with Kim Jong-un
Clinton calls Trump too unsteady to be president
Hardware
The payoff is a fast and reliable input system that does away with the need for a physical keyboard .
Software
Palm 's devices were n't trying to be small computers .
Wrap-up
The standout feature is the stylus-based input , a source of ridicule for Apple 's Newton device released just a few years earlier . Unlike the Newton , however , the PalmPilot does n't make an attempt to recognize natural handwriting , opting instead to rely solely on a shorthand recognition system called Graffiti . It has a slight learning curve ( aided by a tutorial game called Giraffe ) , but the payoff is a fast and reliable input system that does away with the need for a physical keyboard . As for the device itself , while we 'd be a bit hesitant to put it in our jeans ' pocket ( it creaks enough to diminish any confidence of it holding up for long sans case ) , it does slip easily into an inside jacket pocket -- it 's smaller than , say , the Galaxy Note in every dimension but thickness . On the right side of the device , you 'll find what looks like a volume knob but actually adjusts the screen 's brightness ( it 's best left at maximum ) , while the left side contains a slot that conveniently houses the stylus . Around back you 'll find a removable cover that allows you to install an optional upgrade kit ( originally selling for $ 199 ) , which boosts the memory to 1MB and adds some wireless capabilities ( IR , of course ) . Not included is a paper clip , which we 'd recommend carrying with you to perform the occasional hard reset . All PalmPilots also had the advantage of a HotSync cradle , which plugged into your computer ( via the now rare serial port ) and allowed you to sync apps , documents and other data at the push of a button . As good as Graffiti is , it was certainly a lot easier to add contact information or write out memos on your PC and then send it all to your PalmPilot in one batch.Unlike many of the so-called `` handheld PCs '' of the day , Palm 's devices were n't trying to be small computers . The apps and operating system were greatly simplified , with everything just a few taps away . Yet those apps also made the devices much more capable than the personal organizers that were popular at the time , which did only a few tasks and not very well . They may not have gone on to explode in use the way smartphones have in the past decade , but they found a niche and served it well for a good number of years . Of course , there were areas that did leave some room for improvement . While the resistive touchscreen offers reliable stylus-based input , it 's also low-res ( 160 x 160 ) and hard to see in less-than-ideal conditions , with an Indiglo-style backlight offering a poor substitute for a true backlit , color LCD . The limited internet capabilities offered by the devices also require a bulky 14.4k modem that originally cost an extra $ 129 -- and , of course , plugs into a phone jack . What might have once been a slight drawback is a welcome feature today , though . The early Palm devices all run on a standard set of AAA batteries , which means that collectors and technology historians do n't have to worry about hard-to-find rechargeable batteries ( or worse , non-removable batteries ) to keep them running for years to come .
As far as we 've come in the 16 years since the release of the original Pilot , it 's also remarkable how much has n't changed . The screens have gotten better , the hardware has gotten sleeker , and everything has gotten far more connected , but we 're still carrying around handheld devices that supplement our main computer , help us stay organized , and have a simplified operating system with apps displayed as a grid of icons . Add in some WiFi , 3G and a decent web browser and we could almost see ourselves using getting by with one of these today -- and that 's quite a testament to Palm 's original vision .
Improving the Quality of Manual Tests
Posted on 03/04/2015 by Fabian Streitel
When you say » software test « , most people will immediately have a mental picture of automated unit tests , continuous integration , fancy mutation testing tools etc . But in reality a large portion of testing activities is still manual , i.e. , someone clicks through the UI , entering values , hitting buttons and comparing on-screen results with an Excel sheet . Such tests are sometimes exploratory ( i.e. , the tester performs some random actions in the UI and reports any bugs he may or may not encounter on the way ) and sometimes they are structured ( i.e. , someone writes a natural-language document with step-by-step instructions for the tester ) .
In our long-running research cooperation with TU München and our partner HEJF GbR , we have encountered large regression test suites ( i.e. , hundreds of test cases ) in many different companies that were built this way . Usually some test management tool is used to store these test descriptions and monitor the execution progress . Such test suites evolve and grow over time and are reused with every new release of the software .
Quality is a big concern for these documents . As maintaining them is a long-time effort , they face many of the same challenges we encounter with source code : They are read , interpreted and edited by many different people with different backgrounds and they need to be modified frequently to reflect changes in the application . Additionally , unlike source code , the people writing the tests are often not the same as those reading and interpreting them .
How to Improve ?
Realizing that quality is important is one thing . Actively improving that quality is another . First , you need transparency about the location of the problems , then you need effective ways to improve . Static analysis can help with the first part , as certain problems can be detected programmatically . Here are some examples :
Complex Test Cases
Maintenance costs are mostly driven by how much effort it is to make changes to the existing test cases . Complexity is a big factor here , since modifying a complex test case correctly requires a deep understanding of it .
Complexity in test cases can come from many sources . Test case writers may try to cover too many scenarios in one test case , resulting in lots of complicated branches , conditional steps in the execution , and overly long test cases . To identify unnecessary complexity , a static analysis can find conditions in the text . Long steps and sentences can also be highlighted . Tests that contain many of these problems are likely candidates for improvement :
This image shows several examples of conditions in the text that can be hard to understand . They also make it hard for the tester to navigate the test description correctly as it is no longer a linear sequence of actions and checks , but instead contains branches and even loops . The excessive length of the step also means that the tester may have a hard time reporting where in the test case a problem occurred and needs to take extra care to not accidentally skip a line and miss some crucial information . If we refactor these test cases and , e.g. , split them up into multiple ones or separate long passages into multiple steps , we will help the person who is executing that test case understand and execute it correctly .
Copy-and-Paste
Writing new tests by copying existing ones ( so-called cloning or copy-and-paste ) also has a huge impact on maintenance costs , since a modification of one test case must likely also be propagated to all clones of this test case . To avoid test duplication , many test management tools fortunately offer reuse mechanics , often called » shared steps « or » calls « . These work akin to method calls in source code . But to use them effectively , you first have to know , which test cases copy others . A clone analysis can reveal this :
The above image shows a clone ( highlighted in red ) , i.e. , the highlighted passage appears in several other test cases as well . The popup shows the other test cases that also contain the same text and provides links to let you jump there . This makes it easy to find good candidates for extracting » shared steps « , e.g. , login sequences that have to be performed at the start of every test case or common validation tasks .
Keeping an Overview
At CQSE and HEJF we employ all of these analyses and more in practice on many different test suites . For large test suites , the number of findings quickly becomes overwhelming and needs to be managed properly to achieve effective quality improvement . For this , we offer tools that aggregate metrics , identify hot spots ( i.e. , test cases with many problems ) and give you a graphic overview over the entire test suite . Combined with a process to manage , prioritize and fix these findings , we have found that the » findings flood « can be handled very well .
This image shows a tree map , i.e. , a graphical representation of all test cases . Each rectangle represents a different test case and its size corresponds to the length of the text in that test case . Test cases that are grouped together in the test management tool ( e.g. , because they belong to the same feature/requirement/folder ) are also grouped together in this map . The darker the red of a rectangle , the more problems were detected in the corresponding test case . Such a visualization makes it easy to find hot spots , i.e. , areas where many problems are located .
Comparison with Code Analysis
Static analysis is also a widely used technique in source code quality management . Although the intent is similar , such approaches for natural language text differ in some key aspects . Compared to source code , natural language text does not have such strictly enforced syntax and semantics . Often , test cases are written by non-native speakers and contain domain- or project-specific words and concepts . Spelling and grammar mistakes are abundant . Furthermore , data and test instructions are often kept in the same document , i.e. , what the tester has to do and which data should be entered . Finally , there is much less tool support for these types of artifacts . Where there are IDEs with auto-completion and type hierarchies for source code , most test-related tools do n't even offer a spell checker . Nonetheless , static analysis of natural language text is possible and can yield some great insights into the quality of a test suite and pave the way for continuous improvement .
Lalish . Two years ago , henchmen of the Islamic State ( IS ) overran the north of Iraq , capturing the metropolis of Mosul within a short period of time . Since then , the militia has not only been terrorizing Iraq and Syria . Its terror is global and has already found its way to Europe – a terror which the Ezidi community has had to endure for centuries .
Only a few weeks after Mosul had fallen to the terrorist group , the IS jihadists perpetrated an unimaginable but predictable genocide which had been announced before against the civilian Ezidi population of Shingal . Rarely has a genocide been so obvious given its intent to destroy . In its magazine called “ Dabiq ” , IS claimed responsibility for any of its atrocities and even accused the Ezidis´ Muslim neighbors of not having exterminated them a long time ago . A genocide that has not yet reached an end , uprooted the Ezidi community and plunged it into a deep crisis . We summarize the events and their consequences :
→ 450,000 refugees – every second Ezidi is on the run
→ 5,000+ have been killed ( UN figure )
→ 7,000 have been abducted ( UN figure )
→ up to 3,800 women and children are still in captivity
→ up to 8,000 children have become orphans and half-orphans
→ over 30 mass graves have been discovered so far
→ several villages remain under IS control
Genocide
“ Genocide has occurred and is ongoing ” , Paulo Pinheiro , chairman of the UN commission of inquiry .
In the night of 2 to 3 August 2014 , when the first attacks began to take shape in the south of Shingal region , the Peshmerga ( mostly KDP militias ) who had been supposedly deployed in the region for the security of Ezidis already started to flee . Shingal is the major settlement area of the Ezidi people where around 500,000 of 900,000 Ezidis from all over the world used to live .
The 11,000 Peshmerga who had been deployed in and around Shingal fled in the night and the early morning hours without warning the civilian population or at least providing escape routes . The IS stormed one village after another , Sunni neighbors of the Ezidis supported the terrorists´ offensive . Ezidi volunteers defended their villages for hours . After running out of ammunition , people tried to escape to the mountain where they were besieged by IS terrorists at temperatures of 40 ° Celsius . Up to 60,000 Ezidis tried to hold out there for days , many died as the result of the lack of food and water .
According to the United Nations , at least 5,000 Ezidis were murdered in the towns and villages and up to 7,000 women and children , including many underage girls , were abducted , enslaved and subsequently raped systematically . The captured men and women were asked to convert to Islam , for example in Kojo where IS henchmen murdered around 600 men and abducted up to 1,000 women and children after they had refused to convert . According to a number of estimates , 1,000 Ezidi boys are militarily being trained in camps to become future suicide bombers and IS fighters .
The UN Human Rights Council , the European Parliament , the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe , the US government and the British Parliament have recognized the genocide given its criteria . The UN Security Council , however , has not yet taken any measures . Ezidis call for the establishment of a tribunal to prosecute the IS terrorists before the International Criminal Court for commiting crimes against humanity and war crimes .
Mass graves
Over 30 mass graves cotaining the remains of men , women but also children have been so far discovered in the liberated areas of Shingal . The UN have , despite appeals from the Ezidi community , not provided any experts for preserving evidence or documenting the mass graves for future proceedings against IS terrorists . Forensic scientists of the Kurdish government are trying their best but lack the necessary equipment . One of the mass graves , which was discovered in the south of the region , contained the remains of 80 women . Up to 120 additional remains were discovered in another one near Shingal city . The graves are , however , often examined by fighters , journalists or Ezidis looking for their relatives , which makes it difficult to preserve evidence in the future .
Enslavement
“ She 's a 12-year-old . Hweida did n't know what rape was , but she would wake up with blood between her legs. ” , NBC Report .
Up to 7,000 Ezidis , most of whom are women and children , were abducted . In its magazine Dabiq , the IS referred to their abduction as the reintroduction of the “ Islamic tradition of slavery ” . The abducted Ezidis were taken to other parts of Iraq and Syria . 3,200 women and children have been liberated or managed to escape . They reported mass rape , torture and murder in IS prisons . Children born in IS captivity were handed over to Muslim families . The abducted Ezidi women and childern are offered for sale by IS terrorists through social networks or in the open street . The IS uses the systematic rape as a psychological weapon against the whole Ezidi community .
3,500 other Ezidis still remain , for two years now , in IS captivity . The genocide continues with their captivity and does not allow the Ezidis to come to rest . There have been no concrete measures for their liberation such as special operations by the military . Ezidi families pay five-digit sums to ransom their relatives , should the option be available . The IS has tightened the security measures after a number of escape attempts succeeded , which is why fewer and fewer women and children can be ransomed or are able to escape . Many of the enslaved women and children are believed to be in IS´s strongholds of Mosul and Raqqa .
But even after their liberation , their ordeal does not come to an end . Heavily traumatized , many of them have to endure in the refugee camps without having access to proffessional assistance . Nothing has shaken the Ezidi community to its foundations , as the abductions and rapes . Most have also lost their relatives in the massacres in Shingal .
Orphans
The destruction campaign of IS has turned thousands of children into orphans and half-orphans , many of whom have witnessed how their mothers and/or fathers were killed by IS terrorists in front of their eyes . There are 3,000 orphans , according to official figures . Unofficial estimates , however , indicate there are 8,000 children and youths who have become orphans and half-orphans . Those often find accomodation with their relatives who , however , also lack everything . Ezidis therefore seek to build orphanages .
Mass exodus
“ This land is our grave ” , Ezidi refugee .
The perfidious plan of IS to destroy the Ezidi community has apparently proven to be successful . Around 100,000 Ezidis have already left Iraq / the Autonomous Kurdistan Region – that is about 20 % of the total Ezidi population . Through Turkey and the Mediterranean , many are trying to reach the safe haven of Europe . An estimated number of 30,000 Ezidis have already applied for asylum in Germany alone – with an increasing tendency . The 900,000 Ezidis already live on four continents in over 20 countries .
Destruction and political power struggle
The traditional home of the Ezidis has become a place for political power struggle . Dozens of political parties and military forces are trying to exert their influence on the power vacuum that has been left there . Party and military flags are hoisted above the ruins of destroyed buildings . The region is de facto divided into two zones : PKK-affiliated groups such as the Ezidi YBŞ control the west of the region . They are in a power struggle with the KDP , its Peshmerga and Ezidi allies who control the region´s east .
Around 85 % of the region´s infrastructure , villages and towns have been destroyed . The Iraqi Council of Representatives declared the region a disaster area . According to the evaluations provided by the authorities , 150 million euros will be needed for the reconstruction of the area . The return of the refugees seems therefore impossible – also due to the security situation .
Occupied villages
Dozens of villages in the south of the region , such as Kojo , remain under IS control . There are different opinions on why the region has still not been liberated .
Existence-threatening crisis
The genocide , the betrayal of the Peshmerga as well as the political power struggle over the region have uprooted the Ezidi community and plunged it into a deep , existence-threatening crisis . Political fronts that have been smoldering for decades have hardened , the tone between individual groups has become sharper . Mutual accusations and condemnations threaten to divide the community for further decades . The Religious Council of the Ezidis seems paralyzed in light of the challenges and political pressure .
Political parties are trying to enforce their agenda through and with the Ezidis . Especially the older generation does not seem to understand that this crisis can actually lead to the downfall of the Ezidi community and thus of an ancient heritage of Mesopotamian culture .
Once again , heroes from the very beginning turned out to be loyal party members – which is one of the reasons that enabled this crisis in the first place . It is therefore young activists such as Nadia Murad who give Ezidis new hope and take responsibility for their community .
© ÊzîdîPress , July 31 , 2016
Maj. Jason Brezler , seen here during a deployment to Afghanistan spanning 2009 and 2010 , is locked in a legal battle with the Marine Corps . ( Courtesy of Kevin Carroll )
A Marine Corps officer who has been locked in a legal battle with his service after self-reporting that he improperly disseminated classified information will use Hillary Clinton 's email case to fight his involuntary separation from the service , his lawyer said .
Maj. Jason Brezler 's case has been tied up in federal court since he sued the service in December 2014 . He became a cause celebre among some members of Congress , Marine generals and military veterans after he sent a classified message using an unclassified Yahoo email account to warn fellow Marines in southern Afghanistan about a potentially corrupt Afghan police chief . A servant of that police official killed three Marines and severely wounded a fourth 17 days later , on Aug. 10 , 2012 , opening fire with a Kalashnikov rifle in an insider attack .
[ FBI rebuke leaves a heavy political cloud over Clinton ]
An attorney for Brezler , Michael J. Bowe , said that he intends to cite the treatment of Clinton “ as one of the many , and most egregious examples ” of how severely Brezler was punished . FBI Director James B. Comey announced Tuesday that he would not recommend the U.S. government pursue federal charges against Clinton , but he rebuked her “ extremely careless ” use of a private , unclassified email server while serving as secretary of state . The FBI found that 110 of her emails contained classified information .
Bowe said it is impossible to reconcile President Obama 's statement that Clinton 's intentional act of setting up a secret , unsecured email server did not detract “ from her excellent ability to carry out her duties ” while Brezler received a “ completely opposite finding… involving infinitely less sensitive and limited information . ”
FBI Director James Comey made a statement on July 5 recommending Hillary Clinton not be charged for her use of a private email server during her time as secretary of state . ( Reuters )
Brezler , a reservist who works full time for the New York City Fire Department , was not charged criminally in his case . But he was issued a potentially career-ending fitness report after self-reporting that he sent the classified email to Afghanistan . That prompted concern from Rep. Peter T. King ( R.-N.Y. ) , who wrote then-Commandant Gen. James F. Amos about the case in August 2013 and asked whether it was necessary to be so harsh on someone who had warned fellow Marines of a potential threat in combat .
News of the case was first reported by the independent Marine Corps Times in October 2013 . Within days , the Marine Corps moved to send Brezler to a panel known as a board of inquiry to decide whether he was fit to continue serving .
The Naval Criminal Investigative Service reviewed electronics voluntarily turned over by Brezler and determined that he had more than 100 classified documents on his personal , unclassified hard drive and thumb drive .
[ Family of slain Marine sues Marine Corps , alleging cover-up ]
Supporters of Brezler have renewed the debate about his case since Comey 's announcement about Clinton . They argue that the case shows the discrepancy in how rank-and-file service members and their potential commander-in-chief are treated .
If # Hillary does n't get charged , then Major Jason Brezler should have his punishment reversed . # BrokenSystemhttps : //t.co/Gqq8GUgjwU — Robyn ( @ bermudababe76 ) July 6 , 2016
Sec . Clinton held to one standard . Jason Brezler held to another . https : //t.co/NMF34uP6zv — Brent Finnegan ( @ bfinnegan ) July 5 , 2016
Note : My concern is the injustice visited upon Major Brezler . pic.twitter.com/VtY8L5T89C — James W. Weirick ( @ JamesWWeirick ) July 6 , 2016
The board of inquiry recommended removing Brezler from the service in December 2013 after prosecutors argued that he knowingly kept classified information in order to help him write a book about his experiences in Afghanistan . He appealed , but both the Marine Corps and the Navy Department , which were overseeing it , have upheld the decision .
[ Decision to force out Marine who sent warning ahead of insider attack upheld ]
Bowe said Wednesday that Brezler has secured a stay on the decision to discharge him until the end of October , when a federal judge is expected to rule on his case . Marine Corps and Navy Department officials had no comment , citing the ongoing litigation .
The Marines killed in the insider attack were Lance Cpl . Gregory Buckley , 21 ; Staff Sgt . Scott Dickinson , 29 ; and Cpl . Richard Rivera Jr. , 20 . The shooter , Ainuddin Khudairaham , was convicted in an Afghan court in 2014 as a juvenile and sentenced to 7½ years in confinement , infuriating Marine family members who wanted a more severe sentence .
The Buckley family also has sued the Marine Corps , alleging service officials systematically misled them about the incident . That case also is still pending .
Read more :
FBI recommends no criminal charges in Clinton email probe
FBI : No evidence Clinton 's email was hacked by foreign powers , but it could have been
Hillary Clinton 's ‘ careless ' email habits would be considered normal in some European countries
Share
Joe Isuzu on the Impulse 's Lotus-tuned handling . Image courtesy ProductionCars.com .
In 1983 , Japanese automaker Isuzu found itself struggling to ramp up direct sales in its recently established U.S. dealer network . Its solution to lure American customers into showrooms was the Impulse , a sleek and well-equipped coupe styled by Giorgetto Giugiaro and based on his “ Ace of Clubs ” concept that wowed attendees at the 1979 Tokyo Motor Show . Compared to other Japanese coupes of the day , the Isuzu Impulse offered more for less , and seemed like a sure bet to put Isuzu on firm footing with U.S. consumers , but demand for the brand 's halo car never really materialized . Today the first-generation Impulse remains a nearly forgotten footnote to automotive history , but it does speak to what could have been .
Public reaction to Giugiaro 's Ace of Clubs concept prompted Isuzu to rush the car into production , and it appeared on the Japanese market ( as the Isuzu Piazza ) in 1981 . Two years later , the car debuted in U.S. Isuzu showrooms , equipped with a 2.0-liter fuel-injected four-cylinder engines rated at 90 horsepower and 108 pound-feet of torque . Built upon the same GM T-platform that underpinned the Chevrolet Chevette , the first-generation Impulse used a then-conventional front-engine , rear-wheel-drive layout , and despite its humble roots , early drive reports praised the car for its crisp handling .
Giugiaro 's Ace of Clubs concept . Photo courtesy John Lloyd .
The list of options for early Impulse models was a short one , consisting of a four-speed automatic transmission ( to replace the standard five-speed manual ) , a deluxe audio system with cassette and uniquely styled “ turbine ” alloy wheels . Standard equipment , then , was generous and included power steering , power windows , power door locks , cruise control , automatic climate control , rear and side defrost , digital clock , stopwatch , AM/FM stereo , remote hatch release , adjustable instrument pods , adjustable steering column , and four-wheel disc brakes . On paper , that made the base Impulse more expensive than better-established Japanese rivals , something Isuzu would go to great pains to document in a 1988 advertisement comparing the $ 14,109 Impulse to the $ 13,538 Toyota Celica GT Liftback . When comparably equipped , the Toyota 's price rose to an eyebrow-raising $ 16,353 , illustrating exactly how much of a bargain the Impulse really was .
Content aside , the Impulse 's main selling point was its looks . Though not quite as futuristic as the Ace of Clubs concept , the production Impulse still looked like few other cars on the market at the time . Headlamps , for example , were partially hidden ( though this styling touch would disappear following a refresh for the 1988 model year ) to preserve the car 's aerodynamic lines . To further eliminate drag , the Impulse used flush glass , hidden rain gutters and recessed door handles , and to emphasize its Italian-styling roots , the only bit of chrome visible on the car 's exterior was the Isuzu badge or logo on the grille . Inside , the car featured a movable instrument cluster to ensure optimum visibility for drivers of all sizes , and supportive bucket seats ensured that even spirited driving occurred without drama .
1986 Isuzu Impulse Turbo advertisement . Image courtesy ProductionCars.com .
The Impulse may have been stylish and well-appointed , but at 2,714 pounds , it was n't exactly a featherweight sports car . To address this shortcoming , Isuzu opted to add power for the 1985 model year in the form of an available Isuzu Turbo model . The turbocharged and intercooled variant raised output to 140 horsepower and 166 pound-feet of torque , which gave it the ability to run from 0-60 MPH in 8.5 seconds , on par with sporty rivals of the day . Two years later , for the 1987 model year , Isuzu launched a limited-production Impulse RS Turbo model , available only in white , which further increased handling by adding a limited-slip differential , stiffer anti-roll bars and more performance-oriented tires . Period advertising pointed out that the Impulse RS Turbo ( which did n't see a bump in horsepower compared to the Impulse Turbo ) was faster to 60 MPH than the ( normally aspirated ) Porsche 944 , and quicker through the slalom than the BMW 635 CSi , and the model foreshadowed what Isuzu had up its sleeve for the 1988 model year .
Looking to capitalize on partner GM 's then-ownership of British sports car builder Lotus , Isuzu introduced “ Handling by Lotus ” to all Impulse models for the 1988 model year . More than just a badge , changes to the car 's suspension included new anti-roll bars , firmer dampers , softer springs and new tires , and Isuzu was quick to point out that Lotus engineers had tested more than 250 shock absorbers and 300 tire designs before arriving at the optimal combination . While 1988 Turbo models soldiered on with the same engine as in previous years , base models received an updated 2.3-liter four-cylinder , which boosted output to 110 horsepower and 127 pound-feet of torque . To accommodate the new engine , a “ power bulge ” was added to the hood , making 1988 and 1989 Impulse models easy to pick out in a crowd .
Despite the Impulse 's strengths versus the competition , sales never grew in the manner Isuzu had hoped for , and the first generation Impulse rode off into the sunset following the 1989 model year . In 1990 , Isuzu released a new Impulse built on a front-wheel-drive platform ( and also sold here as the Geo Storm ) , but even a limited-production all-wheel-drive Isuzu Impulse RS could n't generate interest among U.S. consumers . With sales of its passenger cars plunging , Isuzu exited this segment of the U.S. market in 1993 to focus on its SUV business .
It 's not clear how many first-generation Impulse models Isuzu sold here from 1983 through 1989 because the automaker only reported aggregate sales . Even in its best year , 1987 , Isuzu sold a mere 39,587 vehicles on these shores , and by 1989 this number had plunged to just 16,296 vehicles in total . Today , an affordable , turbocharged , rear-wheel-drive sport coupe with Italian styling and a Lotus-tuned suspension would likely see customers lined up outside of dealerships , so perhaps the Impulse 's biggest shortcoming was that it came to market a few decades too soon .
As Twitchy reported , Politico on Wednesday tweeted ( and then deleted ) a cartoon by Matt Wuerker ; apparently his snarky panel of a helicopter rescue in flooded Texas did n't fly with readers , including Shelby Webb of the Houston Chronicle .
If you want to know what . @ politico thinks about the victims of # Harvey , here is the cartoon they just tweeted , then deleted . pic.twitter.com/9cr0Ne2Z06 — Buck Sexton ( @ BuckSexton ) August 30 , 2017
People are still drowning and being plucked for their roofs . Harris County went to Hillary in 2016 , not that it matters at all now — Shelby Webb ( @ shelbywebb ) August 30 , 2017
While rescuers were still hard at work , Wuerker put down his colored pencils , picked up a shovel , and began to dig .
I know you 're a thousand miles away , and it 's fun and easy to think of all Texans as crazy conservatives hell-bent on secession 1/ — Shelby Webb ( @ shelbywebb ) August 30 , 2017
Everyone across the country is rooting for Texas . Great to see all the heroic rescue efforts by gov , military and private individuals — Matt Wuerker ( @ wuerker ) August 30 , 2017
2/ But we 're not , and we 're suffering . Ur cartoon is a slap in the face to a group of people who are still reeling from unimaginable tragedy — Shelby Webb ( @ shelbywebb ) August 30 , 2017
It 's actually very pro Coast Guard and does n't take away from all heroic private individuals who are also doing so many rescues — Matt Wuerker ( @ wuerker ) August 30 , 2017
Funny how most people reading it did n't think , “ Great pro-Coast Guard message ! What a wonderful tribute ! ”
3/ you could have drawn one highlighting the heroics , but you did n't . You chose to kick the helpless while they 're down — Shelby Webb ( @ shelbywebb ) August 30 , 2017
4/Did you know one in four Harris County residents are foreign born ? Did you know Houston is a huge city and not a hick town ? — Shelby Webb ( @ shelbywebb ) August 30 , 2017
Do n't know what that has to do with it . Despite differences I wish you well and yes I am rooting for Texas–which I 've visited many times — Matt Wuerker ( @ wuerker ) August 30 , 2017
I 'll pass that along to my coworkers at the Houston Chronicle , some of whom were saved from their roofs as you so ~beautifully~ illustrated — Shelby Webb ( @ shelbywebb ) August 30 , 2017
5/ No ? You did n't ? You 've never been here ? Then get your nose out of our business and stop capitalizing on human suffering — Shelby Webb ( @ shelbywebb ) August 30 , 2017
You 're obviously not rooting for Texas — Shelby Webb ( @ shelbywebb ) August 30 , 2017
Are y'all going to apologize for that god awful cartoon you tweeted or no — Shelby Webb ( @ shelbywebb ) August 30 , 2017
Defended and yet deleted . Glad to know where @ politico and @ wuerker stand . — ⚠️ Danger Casey ( @ CaseySoftware ) August 30 , 2017
Let 's hope Wuerker is mixing it up with the editors at Politico right now rather than a Houston-based journalist ; they 're the ones who deleted the tweet , so maybe a more productive fight would be with them .
The fault , though , seems to be with all of the readers who found the cartoon offensive — the obviously did n't pick up the really big clue that the cartoon is about secessionists in particular , not some stereotype of Texans at large .
Respectfully— it 's making fun of the Secessionist movement . Not at all aimed at all Texans . https : //t.co/aI4RxRNjFm — Matt Wuerker ( @ wuerker ) August 30 , 2017
First rule of humor is that if you have to explain your joke , it is n't funny.https : //t.co/WHCGePmh4j — Craig Lambert ( @ lambert_craig ) August 30 , 2017
First rule of humor is put a big sign on the house that reads SECEDE . Second rule is you cant help the people who do n't read the big signs . — Matt Wuerker ( @ wuerker ) August 30 , 2017
So it was a scalding hot take on the secessionist movement in Texas , which is odd , because the only effort to secede we 've read about in a long time is the one in California , and even that 's a fringe movement that 's going nowhere .
Great , more explaining . dig
dig
dig 1st rule of life : do n't be a dick ? https : //t.co/MEdI8HGcT4 — Marc Logic ( @ marcannem96 ) August 30 , 2017
Here 's another shovel , Matt . In case yours breaks . pic.twitter.com/ot9osB82gg — JD ( @ aggie_hood ) August 30 , 2017
True first rule of humor is to know what you 're talking about . — Jerard Parker ( @ OlYeller01 ) August 30 , 2017
If you have explained the joke multiple times , maybe you 're the one who does n't get it . — PaperPlateMask ( @ PaperPlateMask3 ) August 30 , 2017
Flood . CG rescue . Cowboy hat . `` God '' -rejoycing . Etc . Does n't look like California who btw has been screaming SECEDE the loudest of late . — Maggie ( @ drillanwr ) August 30 , 2017
PS , Yeah I spelled 'rejoicing ' wrong ' . Zero f * * * s given . — Maggie ( @ drillanwr ) August 30 , 2017
The `` joke '' you attempted was dead on arrival since very few people agree with its factual underpinnings . — Joshua Abbotoy ( @ Byzness ) August 30 , 2017
@ politico there 's no serious `` secessionist movement '' in Texas . stick to the local Sunday funny papers in your bubble in DC . — SPEERO ( @ SPEEROTHEKID ) August 30 , 2017
The secessionist movement is in California , as it happens . Looking forward to that cartoon . — Luigi Vercotti , Jr. ( @ LuigiVercottiJr ) August 30 , 2017
The serious secessionists are in California , not Texas . I look forwarding to you lambasting them mercilessly . — Boydesian ( @ Boydesian ) August 30 , 2017
The first rule of humor is to understand the subject matter you 're parodying . This is fundamental . Your narrative was incorrect . — Michael Deppisch ( @ deppisch ) August 30 , 2017
What about all the other stereotypical slights – God , Gadsden flag , Confederate t-shirt ? — Cranky Gordon ( @ CrankyGordon ) August 30 , 2017
The first rule of humanity is compassion . You fail . Congrats tho on the cartoon . I 'm sure it went over well with your target audience . — Paul Collins ( @ pcollins1754 ) August 30 , 2017
Hey , word is there 's devastating flooding in South Asia … that sounds like a gold mine of humor .
Photos : Devastating monsoon rains affect 41 million people in South Asia https : //t.co/glpFv0GnTO — Vox ( @ voxdotcom ) August 30 , 2017
Politico should ridicule them next https : //t.co/PSDAkpNTEf — Will ( @ Oil_Guns_Merica ) August 30 , 2017
* * *
Related :
In the eleven days since Donald Trump has been in office , the protests against him — both preplanned and spontaneous — have been massive and sustained . The Women 's March overtook entire cities . This weekend 's protests against Trump 's Muslim ban have taken over airports and public squares . Recent protests outside the White House shut down Pennsylvania Avenue . And now comes an organized protest outside Donald Trump 's other home , to coincide with his imminent vacation there .
Impeach Trump Now
The march has been organized on a Facebook event called “ March to Mar-a-Lago for Humanity ” and will take place this Saturday , February 4th while Trump is at his Florida home . The crowd is gathering at Trump Plaza in West Palm Beach at 5pm , and it 'll march over to Trump 's location at Mar-a-Lago beginning at 6pm .
Not My President
The event organizer explains that “ In light of recent events and our growing concern with the authoritarianism of the Trump Administration , the name of our march was changed . It now reflects the worsening state of affairs under the Trump Administration … In addition to being a peaceful demonstration , MARCH TO Mar-a-Lago will be a celebration of our impassioned political engagement , our unity in the face of oppression from the alt-right Trump Administration and above all , our rebooted sense of HOPE . ”
The March to Mar-a-Lago event page is located here , where you can mark that you 're attending or interested , which will ensure you receive additional details as they 're announced . Meanwhile , after the long-organized Women 's March drew millions of anti-Trump protesters around the nation , a series of subsequent spontaneous protests have broken out in major cities each time Trump has done something newly un-American .
Not My President • Impeach Trump Now
In 1969 , the Defense Department 's Advanced Research Projects Agency built the Arpanet , a network that used Mr. Baran 's ideas , and those of others . The Arpanet was eventually replaced by the Internet , and packet switching still lies at the heart of the network 's internal workings .
Paul Baran was born on April 29 , 1926 , in Grodno , Poland . His parents moved to the United States in 1928 , and Mr. Baran grew up in Philadelphia . His father was a grocer , and as a boy , Paul delivered orders to customers in a small red wagon .
He attended the Drexel Institute of Technology , which later became Drexel University , where he earned a bachelor 's degree in electrical engineering in 1949 . He took his first job at the Eckert-Mauchly Computer Corporation in Philadelphia , testing parts of radio tubes for an early commercial computer , the Univac . In 1955 , he married Evelyn Murphy , and they moved to Los Angeles , where Mr. Baran took a job at Hughes Aircraft working on radar data processing systems . He enrolled in night classes at the University of California , Los Angeles .
Mr. Baran received a master 's degree in engineering from U.C.L.A . in 1959 . Gerald Estrin , who was Mr. Baran 's adviser , said Mr. Baran was the first student he ever had who actually went to the Patent Office in Washington to investigate whether his master 's work , on character recognition , was patentable .
Photo
“ From that day on , my expectations of him changed , ” Dr. Estrin said . “ He was n't just a serious student , but a young man who was looking to have an effect on the world . ”
In 1959 , Mr. Baran left Hughes to join RAND 's computer science department . He quickly developed an interest in the survivability of communications systems in the event of a nuclear attack , and spent the next several years at RAND working on a series of 13 papers — two of them classified — under contract to the Air Force , titled , “ On Distributed Communications . ”
About the same time that Mr. Baran had his idea , similar plans for creating such networks were percolating in the computing community . Donald Davies of the British National Physical Laboratory , working a continent away , had a similar idea for dividing digital messages into chunks he called packets .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ In the golden era of the early 1960s , these ideas were in the air , ” said Leonard Kleinrock , a computer scientist at U.C.L.A . who was working on similar networking systems in the 1960s .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Baran left RAND in 1968 to co-found the Institute for the Future , a nonprofit research group specializing in long-range forecasting .
Mr. Baran was also an entrepreneur . He started seven companies , five of which eventually went public .
In recent years , the origins of the Internet have been subject to claims and counterclaims of precedence , and Mr. Baran was an outspoken proponent of distributing credit widely .
“ The Internet is really the work of a thousand people , ” he said in an interview in 2001 .
“ The process of technological developments is like building a cathedral , ” he said in an interview in 1990 . “ Over the course of several hundred years , new people come along and each lays down a block on top of the old foundations , each saying , ‘ I built a cathedral . '
“ Next month another block is placed atop the previous one . Then comes along an historian who asks , ‘ Well , who built the cathedral ? ' Peter added some stones here , and Paul added a few more . If you are not careful you can con yourself into believing that you did the most important part . But the reality is that each contribution has to follow onto previous work . Everything is tied to everything else . ”
Mr. Baran 's wife , Evelyn , died in 2007 . In addition to his son , David , of Atherton , Calif. , he is survived by three grandchildren ; and his companion of recent years , Ruth Rothman .
Subject : From Republican to Democrat
Date : May 13 , 2013 5:57:11 PM EDT
Friend ,
Yes , I have changed my political affiliation to the Democratic Party .
It does n't take much to see the culture of intolerance surrounding the Republican Party today . I have wondered before about the seemingly harsh undertones about immigrants and others . Look no further ; a well-known organization recently confirms the intolerance of that which seems different or strange to them [ ... ]
The complete disregard of those who are in disadvantage is also palpable . We are not looking at an isolated incident of rhetoric or research . Others subscribe to motivating people to action by stating , “ In California , a majority of all Hispanic births are illegitimate . That 's a lot of Democratic voters coming. ” The discourse that moves the Republican Party is filled with this anti-immigrant movement and overall radicalization that is far removed from reality . Another quick example beyond the immigration debate happened during CPAC this year when a supporter shouted “ For giving him shelter and food for all those years ? ” while a moderator explained how Frederick Douglass had written a letter to his slave master saying that he forgave him for “ all the things you did to me. ” I think you get the idea .
When the political discourse resorts to intolerance and hate , we all lose in what makes America great and the progress made in society .
We 're quite spoilt here in Paris , surrounded by elegant cream-colored stone Haussmanians , gifted with pockets of bucolic cobblestone streets and charmed by old-world cafés and façades . But stray to the suburbs of Eastern Paris and you 'll find what looks like an alternate universe in comparison , a failed post-war “ city of Babel ” with Pharaonic structures of decaying concrete .
If you 're thinking this looks like an apocalyptic film set , you 'd be bang on . Hollywood has used it on two occasions to set the scene for a dystopian world ; Brazil in 1985 and most recently for the final instalment of the Hunger Games trilogy .
Photographer Laurent Kronental has spent four years photographing postmodern Parisian housing estates , mainly erected from the 50 's to 80 's , to address demographic growth , rural outflow and house a migrant population while meeting the needs in modern housing . These areas are today commonly stigmatised in the media and marginalised by public opinion . His ongoing series , Souvenir d'un Futur , which covers several enclaves of the Parisian suburbs , is a tribute to the senior citizens living in what is known as the “ Grands Ensembles ” of the Paris region .
Kronental 's documentation included a number of large estates across the Parisian Suburbs . Among them : the Tours Aillaud of Nanterre , the Damiers in Courbevoie , the Cité du Parc and Cité Maurice-Thorez in Ivry-sur-Seine , the Arcades du Lac and the Viaduc , the Pavé Neuf and the Espace d'Abraxas in Noisy-le-Grand and even two areas in the 19th arrondissement of Paris known as Les Orgues de Flandre and Cité Curial-Cambrai .
Born of a theoretical utopia and dubbed a new French “ City in Space ” , the Espaces Abraxas in Noisy-le-Grand were designed by Spanish architect Ricardo Bofill in the late 70s and early 80s . The aim was to mix social classes and build a theatrical landmark . These buildings consist of 610 apartments in what looks like a surreal ocean of concrete .
Ricardo Bofill recently stated in an interview with Le Monde that he believed he could change the city , but in the end , “ nothing happened ” . In retrospect , he acknowledged these areas have suffered a lack of community spirit , emphasized by the closed nature of the structure .
( It 's quite interesting to see Bofill 's portfolio of his career here ) .
Today , town planners are discussing demolition , but of course , despite a feeling of near-apocalyptic abandonment captured consciously by the photographer , there still remains a very strong but presence of life . The council of the Espaces d'Abraxas was forced to abandon demolition plans for parts of the development in 2006 following the residents ' outright opposition . Despite all odds , this ageing concrete city of the future has become their unlikely home .
From what Laurent Kronental observed during his frequent visits to the suburbs , “ Resignation and expectation blend on dignified faces and solitary spaces together with skepticism and confidence , incompleteness and plenitude . From these disturbing contrasts , life gushes out of the depths . These ‘ monuments ' , living memories of their time , personify the fragile strength of a youth having blindly aged . ”
“ The original population is nearing the endgame , as if doomed to share the fate of the walls that have circumscribed their lives , ” says Kronental , who has felt compelled to capture the fate of these buildings and of the urban veterans that live in them before they all vanish .
It 's also worth noting that the Orwellian vision ( which sits on the outskirts of Paris ) has a kindred spirit in another , more centrally located residency called the “ Orgues de Flandre ” ( see below ) that was designed by Martin van Trek and completed from 1974 to 1980 .
Discover the ongoing series Souvenir d'un Futur by Laurent Kronental here .
The Mark Steel Solution :
Mark 's BBC radio series .
Series 1 – Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 5 in 1992 :
The Royal Family – ‘ The Royal Family should be chosen by weekly lottery ' ( 9 October 1992 )
The Family – ‘ Nobody should be allowed to live in the same family for more than a year ' ( 16 October 1992 )
Judges – “ Criminals should be recruited as high courts judges ” ( 23 October 1992 )
School – “ Nobody should go to school until they 're 35 ” ( 30 October 1992 )
England – “ Anyone born in England should be deported ” ( 6 November 1992 )
The Economy – “ All government economic policy should be decided by sport ” ( 13 November 1992 )
Series 2 – Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in 1994 :
Unemployment – “ Having a job should be illegal ” ( 15 July 1994 )
Transport – “ Transport should only be paid for by people who do n't use it ” ( 22 July 1994 )
Housing – “ Everyone in Britain should be rehoused at random ” ( 29 July 1994 )
The Royal Family – “ The Royal Family should be chosen by weekly lottery ” ( presumably 5 August 1994 )
Series 3 – Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in 1995 :
Sexuality – “ Everyone should have to be gay for two years ”
Charity – “ Anybody who gives to charity should be jailed ”
Crime – “ Criminals should decide their own punishment ”
Immigration – “ Anyone born in England should be deported ”
Series 4 – Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in 1996 :
Religion – “ People should have to change their religion every Monday ”
Media – “ Anyone in charge of the media should be sacked after thirty minutes ”
Education – “ Nobody should go to school until they are 36 ”
Life – “ Pessimists should be persecuted by law ”
The Mark Steel Revolution :
Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in 1998 :
The French Revolution ( 30th June 1998 )
The Sexual Revolution ( 7th July 1998 )
The Russian Revolution ( 14th July 1998 )
The Industrial Revolution ( 21st July 1998 )
The American Civil War ( 28th July 1998 )
The Evolution of Man ( 4th August 1998 )
The Mark Steel Lectures :
Originally broadcast on Radio 4 between 1999 and 2002 :
Series 1 – Englishmen who changed the course of history
Oliver Cromwell ( 9 August 1999 )
W G Grace ( 16 August 1999 )
Charlie Chaplin ( 23 August 1999 )
Thomas Paine ( 30 August 1999 )
Series 2 – People with a passion
Lord Byron ( 13 February 2001 )
Aristotle ( 20 March 2001 )
Leonardo Da Vinci ( 27 March 2001 )
Che Guevara ( 3 April 2001 )
Billie Holliday ( 10 April 2001 )
Karl Marx ( 17 April 2001 )
Series 3 – People with a passion
Ludwig Van Beethoven ( 18 September 2002 )
Hannibal ( 25 September 2002 )
Isaac Newton ( 2 October 2002 )
Mary Shelley ( 9 October 2002 )
Muhammad Ali ( 16 October 2002 )
Napoleon Bonaparte ( 23 October 2002 )
About
Hello everybody ! Thank you so much for checking out my Kickstarter ! I thought I 'd tell you a little about myself and my business partners .
I am from Oregon state and I moved to Washington as a kid . I started my first job at 17 for an office equipment company . I moved out of the area for a little while , and then moved back . I am in my 7th year working for them and I do outside sales . My job is to help new and existing businesses to either get started or upgrade their offices and to make sure they have plans for their future growth . I have helped open around 100 new businesses while working for my company ( in an area with less than 50,000 people ) .
My business partners/investors are also successful businessmen ! Each of them have comprehensive experience with owning and operating their individual companies . These companies range from incredible handmade custom furniture , beautiful high-end pool tables , a successful retail store , and great restaurants ! Our brew master has been very active in the beer making community & is currently self-employed . Our combined skills and experience will prove to be especially useful , not only as the brewery kicks off , but as it expands !
The Brewery & Business
As we launch into this new and exciting project , we will be keeping with the luxury business concept that has served us so well in our current industries . We will have some excellent advantages , such as being able to custom design the building to our specific needs , and owning the property itself . The building will have a seating/viewing area of the brewery for patrons to enjoy their beer while receiving a firsthand look at the creation process . We will also have a walk up bar to order at and some relaxed seating areas to enjoy a nice brew at the end the day .
Our business will be structured with some of the partners in America to manage business matters , as others will be overseeing the day-to-day operations at the brewery in China . Throughout the year the partners will be visiting each location to oversee any needs that arise and may require their attention .
Next visit : The end of April holds an exciting trip to China ! We will be getting the first look at the land and will create concepts for architecture of the building . Our brew master will be assisting in the structure for an ideal work flow and to be ready for expansion possibilities . Ground breaks soon !
This is our new endeavor and we would love for you to be a part of it ! We have the basic start up funds we need to get the ball rolling , purchase all the brewery items we need , and cover the incidentals we need to be successful . Our goal with the Kickstarter is to gain additional funding for some of the miscellaneous things that can pop up . Every bit counts and we want to be sure we are prepared for when this project explodes !
The Swag !
As I 'm sure may of you are wondering , here is what the swag looks like . The coasters are hand made , and some of the other gear is made by a local Washington company . Have a look at what rewards are available for your generous donations .
Important Swag Details :
T-shirts & Sweatshirt up to 3XL * : Available in any color listed here , please send me your size & color choice
Weatherproof Soft Shell Jacket up to 3XL * : Water & Wind resistant , Left side outside pocket with embroidered C.A.B . logo . ( logo may have changes from picture below due to limitations )
Tap Handle : Additional wood type options may be available depending on request
Delivery dates for items are estimated , and I hope to have the product out before these dates
* Larger sizes or additional colors will require personal messages for further details .
A special thank you to Gary Reed for all your help with this project !
Thank you again for your support !
C.A.B . Branded Wooden Coasters
C.A.B . Shot Glass
C.A.B . Le Moustache Pint Glasses
C.A.B . T-Shirt Gray Retro
C.A.B . T-Shirt Light Gray Ringspun
C.A.B . T-Shirt Dark Gray Ringspun
64oz C.A.B . Growler w/ Metal Lid
C.A.B . Heather Pull Over Hoodie
C.A.B . Black Weatherproof Soft Shell Jacket
C.A.B . Gray Weatherproof Soft Shell Jacket
Short Profile Name : Robert Polidori
DOB : 10 February 1964
Place of Birth : Montréal , Québec , Canada
Occupation : Photographer
Mr. Polidori , your photography often captures important moments of historical devastation – like the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina or Chernobyl – and turns it into art . Do you find misery beautiful ?
I 'm upfront about it : matter decays . Time goes on . It 's like learning to love the wrinkles in your face as you get older , you know ? Everyone will age . You wo n't look the way that you looked when you were young . But some people think it 's sinful to see beauty in that . A lot of beauty , the kind of beauty that those people like , I do n't find beautiful . They do n't relate to pathos because they have a problem with death . We all do to a degree – even me . But we live in a product society . We 're materialists ! We deify man-made matter , and we want it to live forever . Insulting to me is this term that 's used , “ ruin porn. ” I guess by “ pornography ” they mean an unbridled , sinful , frolicking in destruction .
What would you call it ?
My photos are physical graphic records . A lot of the places I 've photographed simply wo n't exist – many have already ceased to exist in the state that they were photographed in . They 've been bulldozed over . Photography is collective memory – that 's its nature . It 's the physical world revealing its own self . In ten years or a century from now , when people have a different vantage point , they can look at the same photos and gather different data from it . It 's an aid of memory . I do n't make what 's known as abstract art ; I am addressing phenomena in the real world .
Does that make it more meaningful ?
This will be controversial , but for me abstract art is a lesser art because it 's , by nature , decorative . There 's nothing wrong with decoration , but it 's just not as deeply meaningful as iconographical art . I 'm using pictorial forms to make comments about things in the real world , where decorative art is merely addressing the grammar of its own making . Whenever I take a picture , I have the audience in mind . I 'm not ashamed of this .
So you 're not one of those artists that make art primarily for themselves .
I never liked those artists who say , “ I make my art for myself , to please myself. ” I do n't . I do n't do it to displease myself either , and I 'm not making it to please the viewer but it is addressed to them . The purpose of my images is not to seduce someone , but I am interested in them looking at the subject , or perceiving the subject in a certain way . For lack of a better term : I 'd like to change their minds !
One of your best-known works is a series of photographs you took in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans , a place you lived for two years yourself . How did your memory guide you there ?
This sounds dumb , but I kept looking for the houses where the bass player of my rock band lived , or my drummer 's house . I had some sentimental relation to it . I relived part of my teenage youth in a very different way . But it was really easy shooting in New Orleans . I did n't have anybody saying no to me ! When I shot in Chernobyl , I had government officials and Russians and Ukrainians bothering me . I found that more disturbing . The worst thing in New Orleans was trying not to get the car stuck in mud , and watching out for crazy , angry , wild dogs - I 'm afraid of dogs . And I got lung infections from all the mold and stuff . But besides that , it was easy .
A lot of people criticized a photo that you took of a Hurricane Katrina victim who had died in her bed .
I do n't get the big deal with that ! It 's a sin to photograph dead people ? Hey , I did n't kill her . I did n't do it . She was just there .
It made me think of similar high-profile photos that have been accused of “ vulturism , ” like Frank Fournier 's photo of Omayra Sanchez or Kevin Carter 's photo of the starving toddler in Sudan .
There are certain kinds of criticisms that I might feel guilty about , but that 's not one of them . First of all , I did n't go out looking for bodies . There was one , and it was transfixing to see it . And it 's not like I dragged out the body . I photographed the body the way that it was on the bed . I did n't change anything . Give me a break . It 's all this kind of false morality stuff . I shoot a lot of places in slums in India and in Brazil and people say , “ Oh , this is a kind of voyeurism , why are n't you helping them ? ” What am I supposed to help those people with ? I 'm going to teach them to use large format cameras ? That 's not going to help them in their life at all . I 'm supposed to go and be some sort of missionary ? No . To me , that 's an arrogant thing . I try to treat them with respect and dignity . I get their permission , and I try to not change their lives at all . And I think this is the morally correct stance , and the politically correct stance to take .
Where do you draw the line when it comes to photographing destruction or atrocity ?
I do n't think there 's a line . Why is there a line ? Why ? If you want to speak about Katrina , the aftermath… What can I say ? All this internal dialogue , these understandable fears that we may have about death… Death is part of life . It has its place . It exists . I do n't see why it 's sinful to look at .
Are those things difficult for you to photograph ?
When I shoot I do n't feel anything . I feel before and after , but I come with a pre-loaded gun . I just do the labors , the proper labors of doing it . I try not to feel too much .
Two years after Katrina , you infamously sold some photos to the Brazilian government for use in a campaign against smoking .
They wrote me emails begging me to use the pictures , they thought they had a certain psychological content , but still… I guess I should n't have done that . I get so much crap for that .
Do you think that changes the original value of the photos ?
But there is what I call literary meaning , which is of the now , and then there 's that kind of meta-history that I spoke of . The people in Brazil are relating to the meta-history of it . In Brazil , 9/11 never happened , Katrina is just a woman 's name . I do n't think it devalued those people . The residents of New Orleans 100 years from now will look at those pictures in a different way also . There 's a certain change that happens in historical perception when that occurs . And it does n't bother me .
Introduction
It 's funny , when I did the first 120mm radiator fan roundup two months ago , I was n't expecting quite the response it got . It was an interesting exercise that seemed worth sharing with the rest of you , and as it turned out , I was mostly right . What I was n't prepared for was the avalanche of responses from both you and from vendors about the fans that were tested , or more appropriately , the fans that were n't tested . It was obvious there needed to be another run of fans , and that 's just what I 've done .
Ten new contenders ; some pulled from my own stock , one pulled from retail , and some graciously and generously sent by vendors . The results from these fans will be added to what will wind up being absolutely massive comparison charts . There 's an entrant from Scythe , Noctua 's gold standard NF-F12 , the Enermax Magma , and even a couple contenders from Cooler Master and Rosewill . Is there something available that 's a better choice for Corsair 's H80 120mm radiator , or are the stock fans still the most well-rounded option ?
A lot of testing went into this round . Results are still comparable with the older results ( and they most definitely will be compared with the older results ) , but the batch of fans I have available now are an even more eclectic blend . I 'll tell you now that there are some results that turned out pretty much as expected , but some surprises and hidden gems here too .
Before we go on it 's worth getting a refresher on the previous article . While the next page has the testing methodology again in its entirety , all but the most fundamental information on the original eight fans I tested with will be omitted for the sake of brevity .
Andy Rose spoke to the media this week following his first training sessions with Coventry City FC , the English League One team who recently signed the former Sounders FC midfielder to an 18-month contract .
Rose , 24 , spoke highly about his new club as well as his time in Seattle , where he spent four seasons from 2012-15 . The Sounders offered Rose a new deal last spring but the England native opted to try his luck in the U.K. , where he spent time in the Bristol City academy system as a child .
`` Coventry are playing some really attractive football and I think the formation City play will really suit me , '' Rose said . `` I think I could find my way in there as one of the two central midfielders but obviously , there is an awful lot of competition at the moment . ''
Sky Blues manager Tony Mowbray , who spoke highly of Rose during his trial with the team at the end of 2015 , is looking to refine his new central midfielder 's strengths and plans to start him with the U-21 team .
`` If we can harness those qualities , the athleticism , size and those legs and ability to pass it then he 's got every chance , '' Mowbray said this week . `` And he was happy to come and have a go at that , so let 's see how the next few months go . ''
Rose was quick to acknowledge the experience he gained during his time in Seattle , citing the challenge of matching up against former Liverpool legend and current LA Galaxy midfielder Steven Gerrard during the 2015 postseason and playing alongside the likes of Sounders forwards Obafemi Martins and Clint Dempsey .
`` Training with the likes of Obafemi Martins and Clint Dempsey has done wonders for my game , ” Rose said , “ and has definitely improved me as a player . ”
The stock market draws human stupidity the way a black hole sucks in starlight . The dotcom bubble of the late 20th century remains the iconic example ; this week , we got a small reminder of what those dumb days were like thanks to Cynk Technology .
Cynk is an apparently non-existent social media company whose penny-stock shares jumped in value by more than 25,000 percent—a better return , as Business Insider notes , than someone who bought Apple stock in 1980 would see if they were still holding those shares . During the heyday of 1990s internet stock speculation , curmudgeons could rest assured that human-powered greed was fueling runs on IPOs for companies that had never made a cent . But today , with the rise of high-frequency trading , it 's understandable to wonder whether Cynk was just some kind of algorithmic hiccup . Maybe Wall Street 's computers are just punking us .
On the surface , the prospect of supercomputer-fueled mircobubbles does n't seem that far-fetched . Remember when the S & P 500 index briefly lost more than $ 136 billion after The Associated Press ' hacked Twitter account falsely reported explosions at the White House ? Cynk 's surge apparently started in mid-June after stock-pumping Twitter accounts started tweeting identical messages hyping the shares . With machines empowered to make their own trading decisions plugged into the Twitter firehose , the risk that one artificial brain might mistake junk tweets for real intel seems real . And because , as the name suggests , trades happen so quickly , the damage could be done before a slower , smarter person can backstop the decision .
That said , Cynk 's rise probably has less to do with a software glitch and more with a bug in human programming that blinds some people to the myth of a free lunch . Given the low volume of trading in Cynk shares—fewer than 400,000 shares yesterday , with a closing price of $ 13.90 per share—no one made or lost a whole lot of money , at least not by Wall Street standards . The winners and losers likely were typical penny stock hustlers , day traders chasing small jumps and drops . A few might have thought Cynk was the white whale they 'd been chasing all along , and some of them may have landed it .
But the potential for an automated version of that kind of quick-buck thinking is there . After all , high-frequency trading , as revealed by Michael Lewis and others , is a similar kind of arbitrage , just at much faster speeds and informed by microseconds of insider knowledge that come from hardwired connections to the stock exchanges . While most high-frequency trading remains grounded in statistical analyses of patterns in the markets themselves , the AP Twitter hack example shows trading firms are letting their machines comb social media and the news in search of competitive advantage .
The problem is that computers still are n't smart enough to parse the complexities of human communications in a way that makes them reliable arbiters of what news is actually worth trading on . These days , as Businessweek reported after the AP incident , brokers are offering traders human-curated lists of Twitter feeds and news sources vetted for reliability . Algorithms then score those sources to come to a final aggregate measure of whether the news about a given company is positive or negative . Those sources almost certainly would not include the pump-and-dump tweet streams that sent Cynk soaring . Even if trading machines were reading those junk tweets , ideally their decision-making data would also include basic facts about the company , such as , in the case of Cynk , no revenue , assets , or product .
But given Wall Street 's track record of magical thinking , whether about dotcom stocks or the housing market , it 's not hard to imagine someone giving their machines more freedom than they 're ready to handle , like handing teenagers the keys to the car . Just over the horizon , an over-eager trading firm seeking first-mover advantage could lead Wall Street into the uncanny valley of not-quite-smart-enough computers powered by far-from-perfect sentiment analysis acting as if they can trade as well or better than humans off the trove of knowledge pouring in through social media .
As we all know from both social media and the stock market , however , humans are stubbornly prone to cognitive biases and emotion-driven rationalizations that lead to bad choices , like buying shares of Cynk . The advantage of using computers as an aid to decision-making is their ability not to hear any of that noise—noise that introducing social media and other unstructured data as new variables into , say , high-frequency trading systems could cause increasing . Paradoxically , the more Wall Street 's machines become like humans , the more prone they may be to making the same kinds of mistakes humans do . The next tech bubble might not be driven by human stupidity or greed ; it might be created by the tech itself .
CLOSE Indiana governor Mike Pence , Donald Trump 's vice presidential candidate , was reportedly keeping his options open when it comes to staying with the campaign according to sources close to him . Wochit
Gov . Mike Pence , Republican vice presidential candidate , seems to be sticking with the Donald Trump campaign , despite calls for him to drop out due to Trump 's comments about women . ( Photo : Nick Thomas/AP )
Mike Pence is sticking with Donald Trump in public , but in private he is holding his options open , according to sources close to him .
Pence was taking a wait-and-see approach to tonight 's presidential debate , Trump 's first public appearance since a video surfaced on Friday of Trump making lewd and sexually aggressive comments about women in 2005 .
The video has become a turning point for many Republican officials . Dozens have abandoned Trump and some are calling for the billionaire businessman to step aside and let Pence run in his place . Others want Pence to leave the ticket to preserve his own reputation .
So far , there is no talk inside the Pence campaign of leaving the ticket , sources close to Pence told IndyStar , but they say any future decisions were contingent on Trump 's performance during tonight 's debate at Washington University in St. Louis .
The Indiana governor is “ feeling low and concerned , but soldiering on , ” said one Republican official who is close to Pence . “ Much depends on tonight 's debate . ''
Pence is weighing the “ long-term best interest of the Republican Party , ” the source said . “ Everything is on the table , but the assumption is that they will plan to stay in the saddle with Trump if he performs halfway well tonight . ”
Pence was expected to watch the debate with his family at the governor 's residence in Indianapolis .
Pence has been sending mixed messages since Trump 's video emerged .
Pence talked up Trump at a Rhode Island fundraiser Saturday and released a full campaign schedule for next week , with stops in North Carolina , Iowa , Nebraska and Virginia .
At the same time , he canceled a Saturday appearance in Wisconsin and issued a statement saying he could not condone Trump 's comments .
“ He is in an awkward position , a very awkward position , ” said Andy Downs , a political scientist at Indiana University Purdue University Fort Wayne . “ The statement that came out ( from Pence ) demonstrated how difficult this is going to be for him . He is the vice presidential nominee for the Republican Party , and he takes that job very seriously . But he 's also incredibly offended by the comments . ”
Joe Losco , political science professor at Ball State University , pointed out that an online POLITICO/Morning Consult survey released Sunday found that support for Trump fell just one point after the video was made public , compared to a similar survey taken earlier this month .
The poll also found nearly three-quarters of Republicans want party leaders to continue supporting Trump .
“ This far into a campaign that 's what you would expect — that minds are already made up , ” Losco said . “ Really the only Republicans running away are ones that are in swing states where they may be in trouble . ”
As a result , Losco said , “ it makes sense from a strategic standpoint for Pence to continue to support his presidential candidate . ”
Part of the dilemma for Pence is that he has built his political brand around socially conservative values that are totally at odds with the lewd things the 2005 video captured Trump saying . But another aspect of Pence 's evangelical Christian beliefs may create room to continue embracing Trump .
“ One plank of the evangelical movement is they are big on redemption , ” Losco said . “ If Trump shows that he is truly repentant , I think that gives Pence something to hang on to , saying that Trump has redeemed himself and is a changed person . ”
And there seemed to be a hint of that in Pence 's statement Saturday .
“ I do not condone his remarks and can not defend them , ” Pence said . “ We pray for his family and look forward to the opportunity he has to show what is in his heart when he goes before the nation tomorrow night . ”
Pence 's first scheduled public appearance since the video broke is Monday in Charlotte , N.C . The format is a town hall meeting , so Pence could get asked a question about the controversy .
After just a few weeks into the campaign in August , an 11-year-old North Carolina boy asked Pence about having to clean up after Trump .
“ I 've been watching the news lately and I 've been noticing that you 've been kind of softening up on Mr. Trump 's policies and words . Is this gon na be your role in the administration ? ” the boy asked .
Pence responded that “ sometimes things do n't always come out like you mean . ”
“ We have different styles , ” Pence said of Trump . “ You might have noticed that . ”
He 's also been asked more than once on the campaign trail about Republicans who are n't backing Trump .
Pence responded to that question in New Mexico , where the GOP governor does not support Trump , by referencing Ronald Reagan . Pence said a lot of people in the Washington establishment did n't have much use for Reagan when he ran . But Reagan , Pence said , “ changed America , and he changed the world and Donald Trump is going to do the same thing . ”
After North Carolina , Pence is going Tuesday to Des Moines and Omaha , which shares a media market with part of Iowa . While top Iowa Republicans have stood by Trump since the video was published , both of Nebraska 's senators have said Trump should withdraw from the ticket in favor of Pence .
Pence is scheduled to campaign Wednesday in Virginia , where his appearances include speaking at Liberty University . Jerry Falwell Jr. , the school 's president , said Pence reached out to him after reading an editorial Falwell wrote titled : “ Trump is the Churchillian leader we need . ”
Falwell serves on the Trump campaign 's evangelical advisory board , but many conservative Christians were wary of Trump even before the video 's release .
When Pence visited in August an evangelical Christian college known for anti-Trump sentiment , the ChristianPost.com reported he was met with protests and small attendance .
Call IndyStar reporter Tony Cook at ( 317 ) 444-6081 . Follow him on Twitter : @ indystartony .
Read or Share this story : http : //indy.st/2dXLOTp
Users report racial bias when using app , which comes after Harvard study found ‘ African-American sounding ' names 16 % less likely to be accepted as guests
A trending social media hashtag has highlighted experiences of possible racial bias by users of the AirBnB rental app .
Quirtina Crittenden , a 23-year-old business consultant living in Chicago , who is African-American , started the hashtag # AirBnBWhileBlack after noting how often she was declined by hosts when seeking a place to rent – even when the apartments advertised appeared to be available .
“ The hosts would always come up with excuses like , ‘ oh , someone actually just booked it ' or ‘ oh , some of my regulars are coming in town , and they 're going to stay there , ' ” Crittenden said in an NPR interview .
“ But I got suspicious when I would check back days later and see that those dates were still available . ”
hamilton porter ( @ QUE_REALigion ) 😩😩😂😂 crazy RT @ _GSelden : # AirbnbWhileBlack made a fake profile as a white guy and was accepted immediately . pic.twitter.com/h9YFKLNfTI
AirBnB users have both a photograph and name as part of their profiles . After Crittenden created the hashtag , many other people of colour have described similar experiences .
As an experiment , Crittenden changed her photograph from a self-portrait to one of a generic cityscape , and shortened her first name from “ Quirtina ” to “ Tina ” . She found that her requests to rent were then accepted .
“ Ever since I changed my name and my photo , I 've never had any issues , ” Crittenden said .
Earlier this year , Harvard Business School researchers ran an experiment ( PDF ) exploring racial discrimination in what has become known as the “ sharing economy ” .
The study found that , on the AirBnB platform , “ requests from guests with distinctively African-American names are roughly 16 % less likely to be accepted than identical guests with distinctively white names ” .
The investigation targeted around 6,4000 AirBnB listings in five US cities ( Los Angeles , Dallas , Baltimore , St Louis and Washington ) . The guest accounts created in the experiment were identical apart from the differences in what the researchers considered names to fit stereotypical ideas of race .
For instance : Tamika , a female name the researchers considered to be African-American sounding , received the most positive responses for African-American sounding female names . But Tamika had fewer positive responses than the least popular apparent white-sounding name tested ( in this case , Kristen ) . The same pattern was true for male names .
Not only this , but the study also showed that people of colour earned less money when renting out their properties than white people . In addition , white hosts seemed willing to lose out on money rather than rent a property to a person of colour , whether indicated by profile picture or assumed on the basis of an individual 's name .
AirBnB 's head of diversity and belonging , David King , said : “ We recognise that bias and discrimination present significant challenges , and we are taking steps to address them . Profile photos are an important part of our community and are one of the many tools that help hosts and guests connect with one another . We welcome the opportunity to work with anyone that can help us reduce potential discrimination in the Airbnb community . ”
Frisbee club player enjoys “ Ultimate ” mission trip
Danielle Hoover discovered a passion for helping people on her first-ever mission trip as a 12-year-old . It 's been a love of hers ever since . Interestingly , after a few years between missions an important aspect of Hoover 's life at Bloomsburg University played a useful role in her latest trip .
“ It 's one thing to hear about the struggles of a country like Haiti , but it 's completely different to experience it , ” said Danielle Hoover , a junior English major . “ One experience that really stuck with me , is serving the community meals . The way the members of the community asked us to serve them is to serve their children first . If we were to run out of food before all of the adults were served that was okay to them , because their children got to eat that day . ”
By Andrew Nelson
Catholic News Service
ATLANTA ( CNS ) — Black women desiring to serve a life devoted to the Catholic faith were not welcomed by religious communities with anti-black acceptance requirements from the early 19th century to the middle of the 20th century , said historian Shannen Dee Williams .
Those who could gain admittance faced discrimination from their fellow sisters , she added .
“ Black sisters matter , but they constitute a dangerous memory for the church , ” said Williams , assistant professor of history at the University of Tennessee at Knoxville .
She was joined by Sister Anita Baird , a Daughter of the Heart of Mary , and Sister Dawn Tomaszewski , general superior of the Sisters of Providence , on an Aug. 12 panel discussing racism in religious life at the assembly of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious in Atlanta .
Williams upcoming book is called “ Subversive Habits : Black Nuns and the Long Struggle to Desegregate Catholic America. ” It was the subject of her doctoral dissertation at Rutgers University .
Later , scores of sisters walked from the LCWR assembly being held in the Hilton Atlanta to Centennial Olympic Park to pray on the plaza outside the Center for Civil and Human Rights , which is dedicated to the achievements of the U.S. civil rights and worldwide human rights movements .
Earlier , the participants wrote on slips of paper when they and their religious communities have not welcomed people of color . The slips became a “ chain of bondage , ” which was later broken after prayers of lamentation and a blessing .
Williams ' presentation was titled “ Shattering the Silence : Black Women and the Challenge of History . ”
Raised in Atlanta and a graduate of Agnes Scott College in Decatur , Williams said her research proved a challenge to her faith at first , but later she was inspired by the witness of women to remain a Catholic . She said her research can help serve racial reconciliation since the first step toward reconciliation is acknowledging the truth .
The first black woman recognized as the leader of a religious community dates to the first century . She was St. Iphigenia , a princess from east Africa who converted to Christianity through the witness of St. Matthew , Williams said .
She is not well known in the United States , but there are shrines to St. Iphigenia in Brazil and Central America , she said , noting that the devotion was carried with enslaved people from Africa to the Western Hemisphere as result of the slave trade .
Looking at early American history , religious congregations in the 19th century had a test for accepting black women : if they could “ pass for white , ” she said . But even if they were admitted , they faced discrimination , such as being forced to take vows separately , she said .
These women in religious life were put in subservient roles , as domestics to the community , said Williams . They also could be cut off from their culture and family if the congregation forbade visitors out of concern that family members might look black , she said . Others pursued their vocation by traveling to Europe to join religious communities that were more welcoming , she said .
African-American women began to form their own religious communities . The first , started in 1829 , was the Oblate Sisters of Providence in Baltimore . About nine predominantly black religious communities were formed by women who held fast to their faith , she said .
These orders faced bigotry when they taught black students in Catholic schools and faced attacks from white Catholics , in addition to the Ku Klux Klan , she said .
At the same time , they were highly regarded in the black community . W. E. B . Du Bois , the noted civil rights activist and author , used photos of black Catholic sisters ' congregations to showcase the dignity of the black community at international conventions , she said . And with the lack of black clergy , it was black Catholic sisters who served as the spiritual leaders of the black Catholic community , she said .
Barriers did not begin to drop until the mid-20th century although archival records show black women would enter the congregations and later leave congregations , in part because of racist attitudes .
In the civil rights era , the National Black Sisters ' Conference formed in 1968 out of the turmoil of the times and the assassination of the Rev . Martin Luther King Jr . Some 150 black women religious gathered at the time , and the conference is still active with a similar number of members .
In response to Williams ' remarks , which were met with a standing ovation , Sister Anita said resolving the past will take “ more than singing ‘ Kumbaya ' and celebrating Black History Month. ” The history is a “ moment of painful truth ” and requires women religious and congregations to listen to women of color and not just give lip service to the effort , she said .
Sister Tomaszewski said before reconciliation it is necessary to acknowledge the past and become aware of congregations ' complicity with racism and discrimination . “ Nothing matters more , ” she said .
– – –
Nelson is a staff reporter at The Georgia Bulletin , newspaper of the Archdiocese of Atlanta .
By Scott Strasser , October 14 2016 —
Members of the Queers on Campus student club at the University of Calgary protested in MacHall on Oct. 14 after an anti-LGBTQ activist group set up in front of the Students ' Union Q Centre .
The Christian Truth Activists ( CTA ) are an evangelical Christian group that advocates against non-heterosexuality and abortion .
The group 's table in MacHall included posters with graphic images of aborted fetuses and sexually transmitted infections . Two members of the group promoted their messages to passersby in MacHall throughout the day .
A few hours after the CTA set up , Queers on Campus members stood by the table with a rainbow flag . Later , several dozen U of C students stopped to argue with the evangelic group .
“ It 's really sad that in this age we have this going on on a university campus . They 're saying 90 per cent of U of C students agree with them . That 's clearly not the case , ” said Em Rogers , an executive with Queers on Campus .
Rogers thought the proximity of the CTA 's table to the Q Centre was intentional .
“ I think it was definitely targeted towards the Q Centre , ” Rogers said . “ There are other religious organizations that will set up there , but they usually do n't engage with us . The proximity to the Q Centre sounds like it was planned . ”
CTA executive director Bill Whatcott said his group was exercising its right to freedom of speech on a public campus .
“ It 's not a protest as much as an education . I 'm here sharing the gospel with the students . This is exercising my right to freedom of speech , ” Whatcott said . “ The university has finally relented on trying to silence and censor me , so they gave me this table . ”
Whatcott said he felt some passersby agreed with his message and most respected his right to free speech .
“ These students obviously disagree with me , so they are counter-protesting me , which is fine . Honestly , most of these students have been pretty reasonable , although they viscerally disagree with me , ” Whatcott said . “ I happen to think I have the truth , therefore I really want to share this with the students . ”
In the midst of the protest , U of C campus security set up signs near the table warning passersby that graphic images lay ahead .
Whatcott said the CTA paid $ 85 for the table , which they booked for the day until 4:30 p.m. from the U of C Students ' Union .
SU vice-president operations and finance Branden Cave said the SU apologizes for giving the space to the CTA .
“ We had no anticipation this would be what was displayed , ” Cave said . “ We book Christian groups in the tables quite frequently . We did n't know those images would be displayed and we 're very sorry for that . ”
Whatcott is currently in a $ 104-million lawsuit after attending the Toronto Gay Pride Parade dressed as a zombie . He also lost a recent Supreme Court of Canada lawsuit over his distribution of
anti-LGBTQ flyers in Saskatchewan in the early 2000s .
In response to the incident , the Q Centre posted a statement on their Facebook page informing students there is an alternative route to the centre through a side stairwell if they wished to avoid the area .
Pakistan 's state of emergency declared on 3 November has aggravated the situation for some 100 or so people deemed “ missing ” in the country , according to rights groups .
In the days that led up to the emergency , a full bench of Pakistan 's Supreme Court , headed by the former chief justice , Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry , while hearing a petition on the behalf of 198 people filed early in 2007 by the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan ( HRCP ) and 41 other petitions , ordered the government to find and release all the missing people .
In hearings over many months , the court concluded that the “ disappeared ” people were in the custody of intelligence agencies and 99 were ordered to be released .
However , after the announcement of emergency rule by Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf , many Supreme Court judges have been replaced and there are fears that controversial cases , such as the victims of enforced disappearances , will be buried .
`` New , post-emergency laws permit the government to give a cover of legitimacy to disappearances , '' said Asma Jahangir , the HRCP chairwoman , in a statement issued from her Lahore home , where she is now under detention .
Setback
For the families of missing persons , the emergency comes as a devastating setback , snuffing out the flicker of hope that had been lit with the tough stance taken by the court .
`` We had been optimistic , but now all we can do is wait , '' Amina Masood , 35 , told IRIN . Since 2005 , she has led a brave struggle on behalf of Pakistan 's “ disappeared ” people ; forming a group linking over 150 victims ' families .
Amina 's own husband , Masood Janjua , who ran a computer college in Rawalpindi , “ disappeared ” in July 2005 while on his way to catch a bus to Peshawar . His family has heard nothing of him since .
`` This waiting is terrible . I have attempted throughout to keep hope alive for my three children , '' said Amina .
Until 2002 , the issue of “ enforced disappearances ” was unknown in Pakistan ; a problem that initially surfaced as part of the country 's “ war on terror ” , during which dozens of people were picked up by intelligence agencies and taken to secret detention centres .
In direct violation of the law , no records were kept of their arrest , the charges against them , or their whereabouts .
But as the years went by , it was soon revealed that the same tactics were now being employed against many others , most of whom had no connections to militancy at all , say activists .
`` Most of those held are from Balochistan Province and are secular-minded young persons , rather than zealots , '' Jahangir said .
Photo : Kamila Hyat/IRIN Dr Safdar Sarki , pictured here with his children , has been missing since February 2006
Intellectuals
The “ disappeared ” from Balochistan , and Sindh which borders it , were in a number of cases leading writers , intellectuals or poets . They include Dr Safdar Sarki , a well-known Sindhi writer and a US national , who was taken from his flat in the southern port city of Karachi in February 2006 . Nothing is known of his whereabouts today .
Another victim , Munir Mengal , managing director of a Baloch TV channel , was picked up in April 2006 .
Following the case in the Supreme Court , he was “ found ” a few months ago , but has since again been detained .
Human rights groups point out that men like the middle-aged Sarki had spoken out for the rights of the people of Sindh , but had never been involved in any unlawful activity .
The issue of “ disappeared ” people was taken up internationally only after 2006 , as it became clear hundreds were missing .
`` It was only as data was collected that the extent of the problem became apparent , ” said I.A.Rehman , HRCP 's director .
Hearing cancelled
Amnesty International , which has been campaigning to draw attention to Pakistan 's “ disappeared ” people , said that a hearing of the cases of 485 victims scheduled for 13 November had not taken place as a consequence of the emergency rule .
Meanwhile , the knowledge that at least some of the “ disappeared ” people may have been severely tortured only adds to the families ' suffering .
Adeela Munir , whose 27-year-old brother , Imran Munir , went missing from Islamabad in July 2006 , described the terrible state she found him in when she was recently allowed to see him .
`` He was hallucinating , disoriented and weak , '' she said , and the court , which had been told that Imran had been convicted on a spying charge , ordered he is moved to hospital .
His lawyers , including Asma Jahangir , believe he was victimised as he had been involved in a love affair with a female relative of an intelligence agency official .
But now , with the court bench disbanded , it remains unclear what the fate of those still missing will be , or how long families will need to wait for their fathers , husbands , brothers or sons - or indeed , if they will ever come back at all .
kh/ds/cb
A mid-19th-century library and museum in Romney , West Virginia
Literary Hall is a mid-19th-century brick library , building and museum located in Romney , a city in the U.S. state of West Virginia . It is located at the intersection of North High Street ( West Virginia Route 28 ) and West Main Street ( U.S. Route 50 ) . Literary Hall was constructed between 1869 and 1870 by the Romney Literary Society .
Founded in 1819 , the Romney Literary Society was the first literary organization of its kind in the present-day state of West Virginia , and one of the first in the United States . In 1846 , the society constructed a building which housed the Romney Classical Institute and its library . The Romney Literary Society and the Romney Classical Institute both flourished and continued to grow in importance and influence until the onset of the American Civil War in 1861 .
During the war , the contents of the society 's library were plundered by Union Army forces , and many of its 3,000 volumes were either scattered or destroyed . After a reorganization in 1869 , the society commenced construction of the present Literary Hall in downtown Romney . It transferred ownership of its Romney Classical Institute campus to the West Virginia Schools for the Deaf and Blind in 1870 and in that year completed Literary Hall , where the society reconstituted its library collection and revived its literary activities .
The Romney Literary Society 's last meeting was held at Literary Hall in 1886 . From that point to 1973 the building was used as a meeting space by the Clinton Lodge of Ancient Free and Accepted Masons and the Order of the Eastern Star . In 1973 , the building was purchased by prominent Romney lawyer Ralph Haines , who used it as a law office and museum . From 1937 to the early 1940s the building also housed a community library . Literary Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 29 , 1979 .
Geography and setting [ edit ]
Literary Hall is located in the center of downtown Romney , West Virginia , at the intersection of North High Street ( West Virginia Route 28 ) and West Main Street ( U.S. Route 50 ) on a city lot less than one acre ( 0.40 ha ) in size . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] The Hampshire County Courthouse is immediately to its east across North High Street , and the Romney First United Methodist Church is situated immediately to the building 's north . [ 6 ] The Old National Building is located to the immediate south of Literary Hall across West Main Street . [ 6 ] Literary Hall stands at an elevation of 820.3 feet ( 250.0 m ) above sea level . [ 6 ]
History [ edit ]
Location [ edit ]
The land upon which Literary Hall was established was originally part of the Northern Neck Proprietary , a land grant that the exiled Charles II awarded to seven of his supporters in 1649 during the English Interregnum . [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] Following the Restoration in 1660 , Charles II finally ascended to the English throne . [ 10 ] Charles II renewed the Northern Neck Proprietary grant in 1662 , revised it in 1669 , and again renewed the original grant favoring original grantee Thomas Colepeper , 2nd Baron Colepeper and Henry Bennet , 1st Earl of Arlington in 1672 . [ 11 ] In 1681 , Bennet sold his share to Lord Colepeper , and Lord Colepeper received a new charter for the entire land grant from James II in 1688 . [ 7 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] Following the deaths of Lord Colepeper , his wife Margaret , and his daughter Katherine , the Northern Neck Proprietary passed to Katherine 's son Thomas Fairfax , 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron in 1719 . [ 7 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
Literary Hall was built upon a land lot designated `` Lot 56 '' to the immediate west of the public square of Romney . [ 16 ] In 1790 , the trustees of the Town of Romney commissioned John Mitchel to draft a cadastral survey map of Romney . [ 17 ] [ 18 ] Prior to this survey , Lord Fairfax had commissioned a similar cadastral survey of Romney sometime before the town 's incorporation on December 23 , 1762 . [ 17 ] On June 30 , 1790 , Mitchel submitted to the trustees a `` Plan of the Town of Romney '' , which divided the town into 100 land lots of equal size , with four lots adjacent to the courthouse comprising the public square . [ 18 ]
Romney Literary Society [ edit ]
The Romney Literary Society , which built Literary Hall between 1869 and 1870 , was organized by nine prominent men in Romney on January 30 , 1819 . [ 19 ] [ 20 ] [ 21 ] With its establishment in 1819 , the Romney Literary Society became the first literary organization of its kind in the present-day state of West Virginia , and one of the first in the United States . [ 19 ] [ 22 ] [ 23 ] On February 4 , 1819 , the constitution of the society was adopted , which provided that the organization should be known as the `` Polemic Society of Romney '' . [ 19 ] [ 20 ] [ 24 ] The society founded its library in 1819 with the acquisition of two books , and by 1861 the society 's humble library had grown to contain approximately 3,000 volumes , consisting of books on literature , science , history and art . [ 25 ] [ 26 ] [ 27 ]
The Romney Literary Society commenced a movement to establish an institution for `` the higher education of the youth of the community '' . [ 24 ] [ 27 ] [ 28 ] As a result of this initiative , the teaching of the classics was introduced into the curriculum of Romney Academy in 1820 , thus making the institution the first school of higher education in the Eastern Panhandle . [ 24 ] [ 27 ] [ 28 ] In 1846 , the society constructed a new building to house the Romney Classical Institute and its library , both of which fell under the society 's supervision . [ 29 ] [ 30 ] [ 31 ]
The Romney Literary Society and the Romney Classical Institute both flourished and continued to grow in importance and influence until the onset of the Civil War in 1861 . [ 24 ] [ 26 ] [ 32 ] During the war , many members fought for the Confederate States Army forces and were killed during the conflict . [ 24 ] The contents of the society 's library were plundered by Union Army forces , and many of its 3,000 volumes were either scattered or destroyed . [ 24 ] [ 32 ] [ 33 ] Following the war 's end , only 400 of those volumes could be recovered , with just 200 remaining on the library 's shelves . [ 32 ] [ 33 ] [ 34 ]
The Romney Literary Society reorganized on May 15 , 1869 . [ 32 ] [ 33 ] [ 35 ] Following the reorganization , the society built Literary Hall between 1869 and 1870 while also undertaking an initiative to bring the West Virginia Schools for the Deaf and Blind to its old Romney Classical Institute campus . The construction of Literary Hall was part of the society 's effort to revive the organization and reassemble its original library . [ 34 ] [ 36 ] [ 37 ] The society set about recovering original volumes and purchasing new ones , and the library reopened with 700 volumes . For a period of ten years between 1870 and 1880 , much of Romney 's intellectual life centered on Literary Hall . As older members died , interest in the society began to dwindle . [ 34 ] [ 36 ] [ 38 ] The society 's meetings were held less frequently , and its last recorded meeting was held on February 15 , 1886 . [ 36 ] [ 38 ] [ 39 ]
Clinton Lodge [ edit ]
The Clinton Lodge of Ancient Free and Accepted Masons was the second organization to utilize Literary Hall as a meeting place . [ 36 ] [ 39 ] [ 40 ] The Clinton Lodge was the first Masonic lodge to be chartered in Hampshire County and is among the earliest Masonic lodges to be established in present-day West Virginia . [ 41 ] It was chartered by the Grand Lodge of Virginia on December 13 , 1825 . [ 41 ] [ 42 ] The lodge underwent four periods of hiatus : first , between 1838 and December 15 , 1846 ; a second time between 1855 and its rechartering on July 3 , 1857 ; a third time between 1861 and December 11 , 1867 , during the Civil War and Reconstruction ; and a fourth time between November 29 , 1881 and November 12 , 1890 , when it was again reactivated . [ 42 ] [ 43 ]
Following the completion of Literary Hall in 1870 , the Clinton Lodge Masons regularly utilized the first floor of the building as a meeting space , while the Romney Literary Society maintained its use of the second floor as a library . [ 42 ] Between its various periods of dormancy , the Clinton Lodge and the associated Order of the Eastern Star , which was organized in July 1919 , utilized Literary Hall as a meeting space , and following the Romney Literary Society 's disestablishment , the Masons and Eastern Star continued their use of the building . [ 36 ] [ 40 ] [ 44 ] In 1973 , prominent Romney lawyer Ralph Haines purchased Literary Hall from the Clinton Lodge Masons to rescue the old building from demolition and provided the lodge with a land lot for the construction of a new Masonic Temple at the corner of Washington and Center Streets in Romney . [ 42 ] [ 45 ] Following his purchase of Literary Hall , Haines restored the building to its original state and used it as a law office building and private museum . [ 36 ] [ 39 ] [ 45 ] Haines later relocated his law offices to an adjacent commercial building . [ 45 ] Under Haines 's ownership , Literary Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 29 , 1979 . [ 3 ]
Hampshire County Public Library [ edit ]
The building again served as a library in March 1937 , when Romney 's community library was relocated to the first floor of Literary Hall from its previous facility in the basement of the Hampshire County Courthouse . The library had been established on April 11 , 1935 as a project by the American Legion Auxiliary , and was housed in a room of the courthouse basement where it was staffed by volunteers and open from 2pm to 4pm on Saturday afternoons . When the library 's collection of both purchased and donated books outgrew its space in the courthouse basement , the Clinton Lodge Masons granted permission to the library to house its collection at Literary Hall in 1937 . [ 46 ] [ 47 ] [ 48 ] Following its move to Literary Hall , the library expanded its hours , [ 47 ] [ 49 ] and expanded them again , to five afternoons a week , through the assistance of the National Youth Administration and the Works Progress Administration . [ 47 ] [ 49 ]
In January 1942 , a meeting was held for the purpose of establishing a more extensive library service . Later that month , on January 29 , a charter was issued by West Virginia Secretary of State William Smith O'Brien for the creation of the non-profit Hampshire County Library Association . [ 47 ] [ 48 ] [ 49 ] Following its incorporation , the library was relocated from Literary Hall to two rear adjoining rooms on the second story of the Hampshire County Courthouse . [ 47 ] [ 49 ] The association continued to house its library collection in the courthouse until 1967 , when the new Hampshire County Public Library building at 153 West Main Street was formally dedicated on September 28 , 1967 . [ 20 ] [ 47 ] [ 48 ] The library had been built on land donated by sisters Kate and Mary Davis , who had been engaged in the restoration of Literary Hall and whose father , Charles Maurice Davis , had been a member of both the Romney Literary Society and the Clinton Lodge Masons , which had both held meetings in the building . [ 50 ]
Architecture [ edit ]
Literary Hall 's main façade , photographed at night
The interior and exterior of Literary Hall remain largely intact . At two stories , the building is tall in its proportion and incorporates elements from both early American and Victorian styles , which were common in academic buildings built during this period . [ 51 ]
Architectural historian S. Allen Chambers described Literary Hall as an anomaly because the basic design and fenestration patterns , which invoke early Federal and Greek Revival design elements , are adorned with details more characteristic of the Victorian era . [ 52 ]
According to architectural historian Michael J. Pauley of the West Virginia Department of Culture and History 's Historic Preservation Unit , Literary Hall 's unique structural features make the building `` one of Romney 's and Hampshire County 's most notable landmarks , and one in which this community is justifiably proud '' . [ 51 ] Pauley further averred that the building is `` highly representative of the development of education and literature in the early United States '' . [ 24 ] In describing its impact on Romney 's streetscape , Chambers described Literary Hall as `` adding distinction to Romney 's major street intersection '' . [ 52 ] Chambers also noted the building 's resemblance and `` strong architectural kinship '' to the Romney Presbyterian Church . [ 53 ]
Literary Hall is a two-story red brick structure , rectangular in plan , and topped with a gable roof . [ 51 ] [ 52 ] The first floor of Literary Hall consists of four rooms , and the second story is a single large ballroom . [ 51 ] Fused with symmetrical elements evoking Federal and Greek Revival architectural styles are exterior decorative moldings and brick corbeling in the Victorian style . [ 51 ] [ 52 ]
Architectural historian S. Allen Chambers compared Literary Hall 's architectural design with that of the Romney Presbyterian Church
The main façade ( south elevation ) of Literary Hall is divided into three bays , and its west and east elevations are divided into five bays . [ 51 ] [ 52 ] Each of the building 's bays consists of a double-hung sash wooden window , with nine panes of glass within each sash . [ 51 ] The windows are symmetrically placed within recessed brick panels that are defined at the first and second stories of the building with elementary brick ribs , or pseudo-pilasters , that form the outer surface of the building 's exterior walls and provide separation of the three bays of the main façade and the five bays of the west and east elevations . [ 51 ] [ 52 ] The windows are framed by white wooden louvered window shutters . The building 's brick is laid in an American bond pattern , with five courses of stretchers between every course of headers . [ 51 ]
The main façade is topped by a simple wooden raking cornice that surmounts an ornamental corbel brick pendant . A semicircular fanlight , or lunette , is located in the center of the gable of the building 's main façade , providing lighting to the building 's attic . [ 51 ] [ 52 ] Chambers described this window as the most antiquated of the building 's architectural elements and may have been based on the fanlight of the county 's earlier courthouse built in 1833 , which was located to the building 's east . [ 54 ]
Each of the main façade 's first- and second-story windows and the entrance are adorned with white wooden label moldings . The main entrance is composed of a tall double wooden entrance door , with its original handle and locks . Each door consists of four vertical wooden panels . A rectangular transom light of four vertical glass panels tops the main entryway 's double wooden doors . Outside the entryway is a spacious brick stoop that is accessed by a cement walkway from West Main Street . Its brick steps leading up to the stoop were last restored in the late 1970s . [ 51 ]
Literary Hall is flanked by two interior side chimneys , between the second and third bays of the west and east elevations of the building . The building rests on a sandstone , ashlar block foundation . Its gable roof is sheathed with standing seam tin sheeting . [ 51 ]
References [ edit ]
Poll : 42 percent of Trump voters say it 's OK for Trump to use private email server
Twitter reacts to a Public Policy poll stating that 42 percent of Trump voters think it 's OK for President Trump to use a private email server . Twitter reacts to a Public Policy poll stating that 42 percent of Trump voters think it 's OK for President Trump to use a private email server . Photo : Twitter Screen Grab Photo : Twitter Screen Grab Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close Poll : 42 percent of Trump voters say it 's OK for Trump to use private email server 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
A new poll claims a notable number of Trump voters think it 's acceptable for President Trump to use a private email server .
The results reveal specifically that `` 42 % of Trump voters think he should be allowed to have a private email server to just 39 % who think he should n't be allowed to . '' The remaining 19 percent are unsure .
Some might take this information with a grain of salt as the poll was conducted Public Policy Polling , a North Carolina–based firm known for polling Democratic candidates and posing unusual questions such as this : `` Do you believe President Obama would be eligible to enter heaven in the event of the Rapture ? ''
Nate Silver of FiveThirtyEight questioned Public Policy 's methods shortly after the recent election and wrote the pollster is especially guilty of employing a practice known as `` herding , '' producing results that match other polls .
But even if the numbers are skewed , some Trump supporters apparently see no problem with the president operating in a way that many felt disqualified his General Election opponent .
Trump and his supporters hammered Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton for using a private email server in her role as Secretary of State . It 's why President Trump said repeatedly on the campaign that Clinton should be thrown in jail .
`` I 've read so much about her emails , and I have to say she 's guilty as hell , '' Trump told a cheering crowd at a campaign rally in San Jose in June . `` The fact that she 's allowed to participate in this race is a disgrace to the U.S.A . ''
The results come as Newsweek reports that Senior Trump Administration officials had `` active accounts '' on a Republican National Committee until Wednesday . As the magazine points out , using the RNC servers is not illegal , though the system is the same involved in a Bush Administration controversy surrounding millions of lost emails .
Earlier this week , the New York Times reported that Trump himself is continuing to use an unsecured smartphone for his social media postings despite objections from his staff .
Many saw the irony in the poll results and took to shared their bewilderment on Twitter .
`` I 'm literally as a loss for words , '' wrote @ Sassycatz .
`` You 're kidding me . What % of Trump supporters think Clinton should be punished for the email server ? '' shared @ NotGbo . ( For more Twitter reactions see the gallery above . )
Public Policy polling analyst Jim Williams was n't surprised . `` Something we found throughout the campaign is that Trump can do no wrong in the eyes of his supporters , '' Williams said . `` They do n't see hypocrisy in Donald Trump doing something that Hillary did that was viewed as wrong because they trust him . ''
Story updated Jan. 27 , 2017 , at 1:07 p.m. PST .
The United Coalition of Reason , known for putting atheist billboards around the country , has announced a new radio campaign telling atheists “ where to go . ”
Thankfully , it is n't Hell .
You can hear the ad here ( MP3 ) . The text is below :
We 'd like to tell atheists where to go ! Not just atheists actually… but agnostics , freethinkers , Humanists , and anyone who is just plain non-religious . You can go straight to… the Secular Directory at GodlessGroups.org . That 's GodlessGroups dot O-R-G . The place to find other godless people just like you ! America today is bursting with atheist , agnostic , freethought , and Humanist groups . If you do n't believe in a god and are seeking to meet others of like mind and interests or just want to find groups that can give you a larger voice in our culture , you need GodlessGroups.org . You can find everything from education groups to support groups to atheist churches ! Wherever you live in the United States or Canada you 'll find groups for you . When you get to the site , just type in your city and state and , just like that , all of those nearby godless groups will pop up . We live to tell atheists where to go ! So go right now to GodlessGroups dot O-R-G. GodlessGroups dot O-R-G .
If you ca n't tell , the ad promotes the Secular Directory , a new website that shows you all the atheist/secular groups in your area :
I typed in my zip code and found more than a dozen groups within driving distance .
… the site offers the largest and most up-to-date database ever compiled of local atheist , agnostic , freethought , humanist , secularist , skeptic and other such groups in North America . Referred to in the ad as “ godless groups , ” each can be found easily . The user simply types in the name of her or his city and state , and then a list of those within a 50-mile radius pops up .
The directory currently lists over 2,000 local groups .
It 's an impressive ad buy to say the least . The $ 19,900 campaign will air the ads “ 340 times this month on SiriusXM Satellite Radio , specifically targeted to audiences of CNN , INDIE Radio , MSNBC , OUTQ , and SiriusXM Progress. ” United CoR is already working on radio ads for next year .
One argument against the campaign is that it 's targeting a limited group of people ( I mean , who still listens to radio , much less satellite radio ) … but that 's kind of the point . It 's going after a group of people who might already be atheists but who do n't necessarily think about the topic very much ( or search for like-minded groups online ) .
Homeowners across Canada are discovering cellphone towers popping up in residential neighbourhoods that slip just under height regulations that would require the company to notify those living nearby .
Oakville , Ont. , resident Lisa Guglietti was in the midst of building her dream home when the mother of three noticed eight cellular network antennas strapped to the chimney of a Bell Canada building , a short distance from her son 's bedroom .
`` We were surprised that we were n't notified , '' she said . `` We asked some of the neighbours . None of the neighbours had any clue that this cellular antenna had been put up . ''
Under federal regulations , cellphone companies must notify the municipality for towers at least 15 metres high , but many new installations are coming up short of the limit , at just 14.9 metres . Homeowners say the rule undermines their ability to weigh in on installations in the community .
Though the antennas are an eyesore , Guglietti 's primary concern is possible health effects .
Experts disagree on the impact caused by cell towers . The International Agency for Research on Cancer classifies radiofrequency electromagnetic fields , which are emitted by wireless phones and cell towers , as a possible human carcinogen .
Health Canada states that radiofrequency fields given off by cellphone towers are safe as long as the facility adheres to federal regulatory requirements limiting human exposure .
In an email to CBC News , a Bell spokesperson wrote that all its sites , including the Oakville , Ont. , one near Guglietti 's house , `` meet or exceed all federal safety and other operating requirements . ''
City councillor struggles with issue
In June , construction began on a 14.9-metre cellphone tower in a Barrie , Ont . neighbourhood that triggered a backlash over potential health concerns for those living across the street and students walking to nearby schools .
`` Telecommunications companies are able to come in and put these things basically wherever they want : as close to any residents , as close to any schools , and as close to any community centre they want , '' Barrie , Ont . city councillor John Brassard told CBC News .
`` Why not make it 14.99 metres ? '' he asked .
Since the incident , the Barrie city councillor has begun working to change federal regulations to give Canadians a voice over the placement of cell towers in their neighbourhoods .
`` Authority and a large part of that decision making should be made by the municipality and in consultation with Industry Canada . Not just Industry Canada alone . ''
Government , company response
CBC News requested government data on the number of towers under 15 metres erected across Canada , but Industry Canada said the department does n't keep a database of that information .
In the last year , Ottawa has collected about $ 582 million in revenue from telecommunications companies rolling out their networks of cell towers .
Industry Canada told CBC News that companies are required to consult with the municipality and public before installing antenna towers , unless the towers fall within a certain height .
`` Certain installations , including towers less than 15 metres , generally have minimal local impact and so may be excluded from municipal consultation , '' an Industry Canada spokesperson said in a written statement to CBC News .
After discovering the cell antennas on the large brick building next door to her new house , Guglietti contacted the federal agency .
An Industry Canada official responded in an email to Guglietti on June 8 , 2012 that `` given that the installation at the Bell central office building on Balsam Street complies with all procedural and technical requirements , Industry Canada is not in a position to order Bell to relocate the facility . ''
Cell tower antennas were strapped to a chimney that was 13 metres away from the bedroom of Lisa Guglietti 's son . ( Angela Gilbert/CBC )
Guglietti also contacted Bell Canada , which owns the building next door , and says she was initially told it would try to find an alternative location . However , the eight cell antennas remain attached to the chimney next door .
'Do n't want to be a guinea pig '
The scientific uncertainty over the health impact of cellphone towers does n't sit well with Guglietti .
`` I 'm supposed to be OK with that ? '' asked Guglietti . `` I 'm supposed to have my son exposed to these frequencies day in and day out and I have to wait . Maybe in 10 years from now I 'm going to find out , 'Oh yeah there is , there can be health hazards in living so close to a cell tower . ' ``
`` I do n't want to be a guinea pig , '' said Guglietti .
A Bell spokesperson said in an email to CBC News that cellphone towers are being installed to meet customer demand .
Guglietti said she 's certain other homeowners are dealing with similar concerns .
If you have any information on this story , or other cellphone tower stories , please contact us at investigations @ cbc.ca .
`` I need to protect myself and I need to protect my family . I 'm a mother and I 'm sure anyone would do the same thing in our situation . ''
If you have any information on this story , or other cellphone tower stories , please contact us at investigations @ cbc.ca .
Share . Sony 's Shawn Layden `` would love '' to have Point Blank on PSVR with PS Aim support . Sony 's Shawn Layden `` would love '' to have Point Blank on PSVR with PS Aim support .
Farpoint wo n't be the only PSVR title to make use of Sony 's PS Aim controller , as SIE Worldwide Studios chairman Shawn Layden has confirmed the company has additional , unannounced titles in development that use the gun peripheral .
`` We have n't announced them yet , but yes we do , '' Layden told IGN when asked whether or not Sony has more software in the works for PS Aim , which promises 1:1 precision tracking . `` That will be a continuum of development for VR titles . ''
Exit Theatre Mode
Layden also expressed an interest in having Namco bring Point Blank to PlayStation VR with PS Aim support , saying , `` I tried to get the guys at Namco to do ... Remember Point Blank ? Would n't you love that game ? I 'd love that game too . It would be perfect for our peripheral . ''
PlayStation VR releases on October 13 , while Farpoint and PS Aim will launch in January of next year . In the meantime , check out IGN 's PSVR review , as well as our collection of PlayStation VR launch game reviews , many of which can be found below .
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN . You can follow him on Twitter .
Listed below are chess players of Jewish descent who were ranked among the sixty-four strongest players of all time in the detailed analytical study Warriors of the Mind : A Quest for the Supreme Genius of the Chess Board , which was co-authored by chess grandmaster Raymond Keene and mathematician and chess master Nathan Divinsky ( Hardinge Simpole , Brighton , UK , 1989 , p. 323 ) . Earlier attempts to scientifically rank the several dozen greatest chess players of all time , performed by Adriaan de Groot in 1951 and by Arpad Elo in 1978 , show very similar Jewish percentages ; see , e.g. , the discussion in Jewish Chess Masters on Stamps , by Felix Berkovich ( McFarland , Jefferson , NC , 2000 , p. 123 ) . The Keene-Divinsky ranking of each of the players listed below is indicated in square brackets .
NOTES
1 . Jewish father , non-Jewish mother .
2 . According to recently unsealed FBI files and other independent archival materials , Bobby Fischer 's biological father was not the German physicist Hans-Gerhardt Fischer , as previously supposed , but rather the Hungarian-Jewish engineer and fluid dynamicist Paul Nemenyi , making both of his parents Jewish . See `` Life is not a Board Game , '' by Peter Nicholas and Clea Benson , The Philadelphia Inquirer , 8 February , 2003 . Additional information can be found in Bobby Fischer Goes to War : How the Soviets Lost the Most Extraordinary Chess Match of All Time , by David Edmonds and John Eidinow ( HarperCollins , New York , 2004 , pp . 313-321 ) . This reference , incidentally , states ( p. 39 ) that Boris Spassky told its authors that there is `` no truth '' to the widely reported claim that his mother was Jewish .
3. `` Of mainly Jewish descent '' ; see The YIVO Encyclopedia of Jews in Eastern Europe , edited by Gershon David Hundert ( Yale University Press , New Haven and London , 2008 , Vol . 1 , p. 316 ) .
4 . Jewish mother , non-Jewish father . It should be noted that t here is con siderable controversy over this cl aim . It should also be noted that in the late 1970s , when Vi k tor Korchnoi defecte d from the USSR and leveled charges of rampant anti- S emitism in the Sovi et chess establishment , Soviet government newspapers , i n an apparent effort to counter th o se charges , published lists of Soviet Jewish chess luminaries whose successful careers , it was claimed , proved the absence of any such bias . Th o se lists of Jewish , or partly Jewi sh , players in cluded Vasil y Smyslov . ( T hey did not include Boris Spassky . )
QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS : CONTACT US
The Challenges of Block Chain Indexing
Jameson Lopp Blocked Unblock Follow May 29 , 2015
Over the past several months I 've had the pleasure of enhancing BitGo 's block chain indexing service — a core component of our infrastructure . If you run a block chain based service that needs to track address balances or quickly access arbitrary data , customized indexing software is a must . I 've come to learn that while processing a static block chain is a straightforward task , doing so in a manner that scales better than O ( n ) as the block chain grows poses additional challenges . And once you have mastered processing a static block chain , processing a dynamic block chain in realtime poses even greater challenges .
Blocks of transactions chained together .
Due to the ordered nature of data in block chains , they must be processed in order from genesis to chain tip if you want to ensure the integrity of your data . The naïve way to do so is to request the genesis block from a node and then iterate through each transaction in the block , indexing the values you need for your application . Once you index the last transaction in the current block , you then request the next block and repeat the process until you find yourself at the tip of the block chain . This certainly works , but it scales linearly — as the block chain grows the time to index the entire chain will grow at the same pace as the total number of transactions . At time of writing , using this approach on the Bitcoin block chain 's 70,000,000 transactions with a powerful desktop can take days to complete .
Unfortunately , block chain indexing is a difficult problem to parallelize due to the dependencies between transaction inputs and outputs in different blocks and even between transactions in a single block . It is possible to parallelize the processing of transactions , but you 'll quickly find that individual transaction indexer workers get stuck trying to process a transaction that spends outputs from a parent transaction that has not yet been processed . It 's also possible to further parallelize processing by allowing transaction indexing workers to jump forward to transactions in future blocks , essentially continuing until they hit an unmet dependency . I do n't recommend this , however , because if your indexer gets stuck then you 'll have a more difficult time figuring out exactly where in the block chain you need to resume indexing once you resolve the problem .
Blocks of transactions + unconfirmed & potentially conflicting transactions .
While the biggest challenge to indexing a fixed block chain is doing so quickly , indexing blocks and transactions in realtime as they are broadcast over the network is a completely different problem set . Instead of only dealing with a neatly ordered set of transactions in blocks , you have to deal with a hot mess of events that threaten to break your output chains . Some of these problems include :
Reorganizations Double spends Spending of unconfirmed unspent outputs Chaining of multiple unconfirmed outputs Transactions that never get confirmed
Reorganizations are a major event on the block chain ; when one arrives you must stop what you 're doing , roll back all the transactions ( preferably in reverse order of their positions on now-orphaned block chain , ) and then process the transactions on the new best chain . While you 'll only see about one reorganization per day on mainnet , I 've seen as many as one per second during block storms on testnet . During such block storms I have even observed reorganizations occur on testnet that orphan chains over 100 blocks long . When these block storms first appeared , they broke over half of the public testnet block explorers because they were not robust enough to handle the unexpected volume of events .
Double spends can be easily guarded against by checking that the transaction is only spending unspent outputs ; if an unconfirmed transaction tries to spend an output that is already spent , just throw it away . However , if a confirmed transaction tries to spend an already-spent output , you know that the first unconfirmed transaction you processed was the double spend . In this situation the first transaction must be reverted before indexing the confirmed transaction . Similar logic applies to transactions that spend unconfirmed UTXOs , potentially even chaining many such transactions together . Just as a block chain reorganization can invalidate a slew of blocks , a long chain of unconfirmed transactions spending all others outputs can be similarly invalidated if a confirmed transaction arrives that proves the unconfirmed transaction chain to be descendants of a double spend .
Transaction chains — here you can see the dependencies between inputs and outputs .
Lastly , because some transactions never get confirmed , you should periodically check for unconfirmed transactions that have been pending for several days and revert them . If these transactions end up being confirmed in the future then they will arrive in a block and get reprocessed .
The interconnectedness of block chain data requires that your indexer be bulletproof and never silently fail . Think of the UTXO set as an unending series of fan-out ( and sometimes fan-in ) operations ; if you miss a single update then the resulting series of errors can cascade such that your index is eventually corrupted to the point of unusability .
An example of how a single UTXO ( top ) can fan-out into many UTXOs
As a result it 's crucial to use a reliable data store and highly recommended using one that supports transactions . Otherwise , if a single write goes wrong you 'll need to have logic in your code to handle rolling back the other related writes so that you do n't end up with a corrupt index .
In order to prove the robustness of our indexing service , I used some of the tools from Bitcoin Core 's test suite to build a network simulator that spools up several nodes locally in regtest mode and generates random transactions , blocks , blockchain forks , and problematic behavior . This has proved an invaluable QA mechanism and also accelerated the rate at which I can fix edge case bugs since I can reproduce rare events locally without having to wait for them to occur on testnet .
While I 'm pleased with the current state of our indexing service , it 's clear that more scalability issues loom on the horizon , should Bitcoin continue to increase in popularity . I hope to eventually investigate the feasibility of truly parallelizing static block chain indexing by loading pre-validated block chain files from Bitcoin Core into HDFS and processing them with a MapReduce cluster . This would allow you to skip the tedious work of checking input dependencies and managing the order in which the transactions are processed . After the MapReduce job completes , you can then fire up your realtime indexing service to keep the block chain up-to-date . I can envision an initial MapReduce phase that adds up all of the outputs to compute the ‘ total received ' balances of every address , then a second phase that subtracts all of the spent output values , eventually arriving at the current address balances . With a sufficiently sized cluster you should be able to reduce the initial index build time from several days to a matter of minutes .
MapReduce Job Architecture , via http : //gppd-wiki.inf.ufrgs.br/index.php/File : Mr-dataflow-eng.png
We 're still in the early days of block chain technology and scalability is only now beginning to become a concern at the protocol level . I look forward to continuing to apply my skills toward managing scalability at the higher levels of the block chain technology stack !
This post may contain affiliate links ; please read the disclosure for more information .
It 's hard to write these stories over and over as Rivers of Light at Animal Kingdom has been continually delayed since its original debut date was set for April 22nd , 2016 . I know we have told you many times that the show was near completion , and in most recent times it has been , but for one reason or another , Disney has refused to debut the show . There were even cast member previews in early December , but there has not been a word about any further performances since then .
Well , it appears as if cast members staffing the show have been scheduled to work at the Discovery River Theater as of next week . What this means exactly is unknown ( even to the cast members involved at this point ) , but many rumors are pointing to a February 12th ( or roughly around that date ) debut for Rivers of Light at Animal Kingdom . We do n't expect any big hoopla by Disney should the show debut now , but based on the PR fiasco it has been up until this point , who could blame them ?
As always , you can take this with a grain of salt when it comes to this show , but something is definitely happening at the Discovery River Theater next week ( and hopefully it is n't The Jungle Book : Alive with Magic ) . We will keep you in the loop as we find out more in the coming days .
Lawyers here said that they would not be surprised if Officer Olsen addressed the grand jury , and they said such a choice could be central — perhaps even decisive — to his defense .
“ It is going to go in the way of the police 99 times out of 100 if it 's a close call , or not even a close call , ” said J. Tom Morgan , a former DeKalb County district attorney who is now in private practice . “ It 's got to be very egregious for a police officer to be indicted when they 've heard from the police officer as a last witness . ”
But Lance LoRusso , a defense lawyer who works with the Georgia division of the Fraternal Order of Police , said the laws here afforded officers a crucial opportunity to explain their decisions and experiences , and he said the protections helped to curb potentially overzealous prosecutions .
“ It 's a check and balance on the D.A. , ” Mr. LoRusso said .
Although Georgia 's legal safeguards for police officers are among the country 's most generous , the state is one of more than a dozen that have enshrined protections for officers whose on-duty actions draw scrutiny . A police officer in Maryland , for instance , may wait 10 days before giving a statement to investigators . In Florida , a police officer has the right to be questioned by a single investigator .
Despite Mr. James 's words of caution about the ultimate authority of the grand jury , Mr. Hill 's girlfriend said Thursday that she welcomed the step toward a possible indictment , particularly at a time when white police officers elsewhere have not been prosecuted in the killings of unarmed black men .
“ I 'm glad that we have an officer off the streets , ” Ms. Anderson said of Officer Olsen , who was placed on administrative leave after the shooting . “ He murders people because he 's hiding behind the badge . ”
At a lunch talk at the Shorenstein Center today , in the midst of a discussion on media influence , someone raised a question they had been asked at an event weeks prior : “ Are you more afraid of terrorists or the U.S. government ? ” The ensuing discussion centered on the fear mongering of the far-right media ( e.g. , Glenn Beck , Rush Limbaugh ) . Then , another interesting point was raised : that my generation ( in this discussion undefined , but for argument 's sake , let 's say Gen Y ) is generally distrusting of the media .
I got to thinking about the intersection of these two points ; if it 's true that my generation distrusts media ( and I tend to believe it is ) , then it seeks to reason that we 're equally wary of the overuse of certain terminology , memes and phrases . Just as “ commie ” was tossed around in the days of yore , “ terrorist ” has become grossly overused , applied unquestioningly to criminals of Arab , Muslim , or seemingly Arab or Muslim persuasion .
This morning I was watching a Good Morning America report on the recent assassination of Hamas leader Mahmoud al-Mabhouh and noticed , with surprise , that Hamas was repeatedly referred to only as “ a Palestinian group. ” A quick Google of today 's headlines reflects a similar pattern .
I 'm not arguing whether or not Hamas deserves the categorization , but let 's assume for a moment that they , and anyone on the U.S. State Department list of foreign terrorist organizations is , in fact , a terrorist group . Is the FARC subjected to the same media treatment as Hamas ? A quick Google News search says no – in fact , the only times “ FARC ” and “ terrorist ” turn up in the same sentence are in reference to Washington 's designation . FARC is typically referred to in the U.S. media as a paramilitary or guerrilla group , whereas Hamas and Hezbollah are almost always designated terrorists . I 'd be interested to discover whether or not “ terrorist ” is applied to other non-Arab/non-Muslim entities designated by the U.S. as terrorists .
There 's another , perhaps more important set of questions surrounding the use of the word terrorist : How is the term applied to a ) Arabs and Muslims who commit crimes not typically considered “ terrorist ” activities ? and b ) Are non-Arab , non-Muslim people who partake in actual terrorist activities ( such as bomb-making or murdering abortion providers ) deemed “ terrorists ” in the media ? ( Racialicious has a good post on this )
The former question is one for which I have little to no evidence ( which is not to say it does n't exist ) ; the latter seems clear : Rarely are white terrorists referred to as such . Consider the 2009 shooting deaths of abortion provider George Tiller and Holocaust Memorial Museum security guard Stephen T. Johns . Tiller was the victim of a shooting by an extreme-right wing , Christian terrorist , who was part of a larger movement . Johns ' murderer was a well-known white supremacist writer . Neither murderer was deemed a terrorist in initial reports ( unlike say , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab ) ; and though a few subsequent reports may have used the term , by the time the news is out , it 's out…parroted reports hardly seem to matter in terms of influencing public opinion .
Another open question is whether or not the word “ terrorist ” ( and for that matter , “ al Qaeda , ” often broadly used to refer to terrorist movements ) has lost meaning in the nine years since 9/11 . We are inundated with its use on an hourly basis ( do n't believe me ? Google News it ) . Once a word is heavily used by one network , it tends to be parroted by others–look at Media Matters ' research into the word “ rape ” as used by conservative pundits to refer to the actions of the Democratic party . Media Matters also looked into the use , or lack of , the word “ terrorist ” in Obama 's Cairo address . Obama , addressing a crowd made up almost entirely of Muslims , avoided use of the word “ terrorism , ” a fact which conservative pundits immediately jumped on . The New York Times noted the fact as well , but commented that it was “ a departure from the language used by the Bush administration , but one that some Middle East experts suggested reflected a belief by the new administration that overuse had made the words inflammatory. ” I think it 's important to view this in context : Was Obama right to avoid the use of the word entirely ? Likely not , but given the overuse of the word and its disproportionate usage when referring to Arabs and Muslims , I can see why he did it . And it 's worth recalling that he did n't avoid discussion of extremism and the ideologies it feeds on , rather , he simply avoided a word whose use has become so commonplace it 's been rendered virtually meaningless .
So this is what I 'm thinking about . I 'm sure the impending release of Media Cloud will be great in terms of facilitating such research . In the meantime , do let me know if you come across anyone else who 's thinking about this stuff .
As for the original question , well , I get the point , and I 'm certainly more alarmed by terrorism than I am by the actions of my own government , but I also think that the media 's role in how such fears are formed is huge , and that the risks are frequently over-stated , or worse , misstated entirely .
It 's been 25 years since Jeff Smith 's Bone began , and more than a decade since the last book was published , but today we 're met with the exciting news that more Bone is coming ! Specifically Bone : Coda , a new graphic novel by Jeff Smith , arrives this July according to an announcement on the official Bone Tumblr .
For those who were n't around or do n't remember , Bone is the tale of three cousins , Fone Bone , Phoney Bone , and Smiley Bone . Fone is the everyman hero , Phoney is a cynical con artist , and Smiley is a goofball who goes along with things . Having been exiled from their Boneville home , they make their way through a kingdom full of magic and danger . Part of the fun of Bone is in the mix of styles : the Bone cousins are Walt Kelly-esque cartoon characters , while the world they 've entered is a high-fantasy setting full of realistic humans and creepy monsters .
The new book promises a story of the Bone Cousins and their friend Bartleby journeying back to Boneville , a setting that never appeared in the original work . Whether they make it there or not , the journey is sure to be worthwhile .
More from the official website :
AP Photo/Mulugeta Ayene
ADDIS ABABA , Ethiopia ( AP ) — Like the visit to Kenya , President Barack Obama 's trip Sunday to Ethiopia represents the first time a sitting U.S. president has been to this East African country and according to its government , it is a sign of the nation 's growing stature .
Grave concerns remain , however , over political freedoms in this nation of more than 90 million — Africa 's second largest — and opposition figures fear that the visit , coming on the heels of an improbable 100 percent ruling party win in elections , will give international legitimacy to a repressive government .
With its history of pan-African activism , Ethiopia is also the home of the African Union and on Tuesday Obama will be addressing the whole continent from the organization 's new headquarters in Addis Ababa .
After centuries of ties — the first bilateral trade agreement was signed in 1903 — only now is a U.S. president visiting , noted Communication Minister Redwan Hussein .
“ The choice by a sitting U.S. President to visit us was made because we have become more visible and important enough to be visited , ” he told The Associated Press . “ Being visited by the first sitting American president will enhance the confidence and aspirations of Ethiopians . ”
Obama is set to hold talks with his counterpart Mulatu Teshome as well as Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn and is expected to discuss the conflict in southern Sudan , confronting the al-Qaida-linked al-Shabab in Somalia and economic development .
Administration officials have also promised frank discussions over the lack of press freedom and political openness in Ethiopia .
In May , the ruling party took all the seats in legislative elections described by the U.S. and the European Union as unfair .
Woretaw Wassie , a leader of the opposition Blue Party said members of his party were arrested ahead of Obama 's visit on suspicion they would make a fuss .
“ Visiting a country which is totally contrary to the values of the West is very controversial , ” he said . “ But in any case , the U.S. believes that engaging can make a difference so maybe it will be a good opportunity to put some pressure . ”
Another touchy subject would be gay rights which Obama championed on Saturday in Kenya , calling for equal treatment for all under the law .
“ All religions in Ethiopia should oppose the president if he raises the gay issue here , ” said Memihir Dereje Negash .
© 2015 , Associated Press , All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
This Story Filed Under
In May , the airline known for $ 99 flights from the U.S. to Europe ( sometimes even $ 69 ) , Wow Air , announced an exciting new route : flights from Newark , Chicago , Boston , Washington , D.C. , Pittsburgh , San Francisco , and Los Angeles to Tel Aviv , Israel , with fares starting at just $ 149 . Starting today , WOW air begins service to Tel Aviv on new Airbus A321 aircraft .
`` Our mission is to enable everyone to fly by offering the cheapest prices in Tel Aviv , '' Wow Air CEO Skuli Mogensen said in a statement in May . `` No one has ever offered such cheap prices to North America , and we 're proud to bring competition to Israel . I hope it enables people to visit here , and that it will help Israelis to travel . ''
While flights from the East Coast start at $ 149 , flights from the West Coast are still well below the $ 900 one-way ticket prices found on full-service airlines like El Al , Turkish Airlines , and Delta Air Lines . On Wow Air , they will set you back just $ 189 .
Last year , 2.8 million people visited Israel from North America , as the Icelandic newspaper Víkurfréttir points out , and the local tourism board is hoping the new routes will increase competition on overall flight prices and encourage more people to visit Israel . Not sure what to do on your trip ? Check out Traveler 's black book guide to exploring , eating , and shopping your way through the city .
Flights are on sale now , but keep in mind that quoted fares are one-way prices and do n't include most of the amenities you 'll find on a full-service flight , including seat choice , checked bags , and even meals . Everything costs extra on Wow Air 's flights , sticking to the company 's no-frills philosophy . ( “ You only pay for what you use . That 's the ultimate model , because why should you pay for something you 're not using ? '' Mogensen told Condé Nast Traveler in June 2016 . ) Round-trip , these flights cost between $ 350 and $ 400 . A round-trip fare from San Francisco to Tel Aviv in October costs just $ 360 ( $ 440 with a carry-on ) , an insane 65 percent off regular round-trip prices on other airlines . From Washington D.C. in November , the fares cost less , just $ 260 round-trip ( $ 340 with a carry-on ) .
All you have to do to book is head to Wow Air 's website . Just know you 'll want to pack a lunch for this flight , since food—and even a glass of water—costs extra ( anywhere from $ 3 to $ 15 ) on board .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Burmese python has had a major impact in the Florida Everglades
Most countries in the world have little capacity to deal effectively with invasive species , a study suggests .
The spread of non-native species threatens livelihoods and biodiversity , but the issue is worsened by global trade , travel and climate change .
Writing in Nature Communications journal , and international team forecast how the spread of species could change over the 21st Century .
They show that one-sixth of the world 's land surface is vulnerable to invasion .
In what the authors say is the first evaluation of its kind , the paper assesses individual nations ' abilities to manage existing invasive species and respond to new ones .
Image copyright NAture Communications Image caption Where the threat of invasion is highest - the scale runs from Very Low ( VL ) to Very High ( VH )
Regan Early from the University of Exeter , Jeffrey Dukes from Purdue University in the US and other co-authors suggest that developed countries , which have been most affected by invasive species - and have the strongest management efforts - will continue to face an onslaught of new arrivals .
However , they predict that non-native plants , animals and microbes will increasingly threaten developing countries with some of the last remaining biodiversity hotspots , due to increased air travel and the expansion of agriculture .
'Biological pollution '
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The bacterium Xylella Fastidiosa is a threat to olive production
This could endanger livelihoods and food security in fragile economies that are ill-prepared to deal with the expansion of invasive organisms .
Dr Early commented : `` Rampant globalisation will lead to invasions in countries with the least capability to deal with them .
`` We need more international cooperation , and the US , Australia and nations in Europe to share expertise . ''
Prof Dukes added : `` Low-income countries stand to lose a lot by having their natural resources sapped by invasive species .
`` We hope this analysis can be a conversation starter for governments around the world to strengthen their protection . ''
Invasive species often travel as stowaways or contaminants in goods imported by planes and ships . They also arrive as exotic pets or plants that subsequently escape or are released deliberately into the wild .
Image copyright NAture Communications
This can pose challenges native species that have evolved over thousands of years to be well adapted to their ecosystems . Consequently , new arrivals can quickly change the nature of a whole region and often outcompete native organisms for resources and habitat .
Burmese pythons originally arrived in the US as exotic pets , but they escaped and quickly established themselves in the Florida Everglades , where they have contributed to a catastrophic decline in native mammals .
In Europe , forests and woods have been transformed by introduced diseases and pests such as Dutch elm disease and Ash dieback .
Image copyright PA Image caption The Chinese mitten crab has spread from Asia to North America and Europe , where it competes with native species
`` You can think of invasive species as biological pollution - a self-replicating change , '' said Prof Dukes .
`` It does n't take much effort or intention to bring in an invasive species that then wreaks havoc on a landscape . ''
Biological invasions in the developing world so far have included influxes of Diamondback moths , which can devastate broccoli , cabbage and other crops ; Panama disease , which wiped out banana plantations in central and south America ; and prickly pear , which devastated grassland in Africa , leading to cattle being malnourished .
Disfellowshipped is an interactive 360-degree video experience . It can be viewed with the Oculus Rift and modern smartphones using Google Cardboard viewers . To enter virtual reality mode , click on the headset icon in the lower-right corner . Disfellowshipped also works on desktop computers with the latest versions of Chrome and Firefox ; you can look around by clicking and dragging . To get started , position the red dot at the center of the screen over your selection . On mobile devices , Disfellowshipped will work best on modern smartphones running Firefox on iOS and Android . We recommend higher-end smartphones within the last two generations ( e.g. , iPhone 6 and Samsung Galaxy S6 and higher ) . We do n't guarantee support on tablets . We recommend listening with headphones . More on how we built this .
Our first virtual reality production , Disfellowshipped , is an attempt to help push forward the possibilities of immersive storytelling in journalism ­– to tell a narrative , character-rich , investigative story in VR .
Media outlets around the world are getting their feet wet in the VR world , and some astonishing work has been done . But so far , VR largely has been used to provide visual context to stories , while the heavy lifting of storytelling is still left to text or video .
We did n't know it at the time , but Disfellowshipped was born in May 2015 . A group from Reveal from The Center for Investigative Reporting went to Berlin to host TechRaking , a gathering of journalists and technologists , supported by the Google News Lab . That 's where we met Stephan Gensch and Linda Rath-Wiggins , founders of a Berlin-based VR start-up called Vragments . Their idea was to build a tool called Fader that would allow journalists to quickly and easily turn their reporting into VR experiences .
To design the tool , they needed a reporter and a story . I was in the middle of a prolonged investigation into Jehovah 's Witnesses and child sexual abuse . We decided to focus our work on one of my sources , Debbie McDaniel , a woman with an extraordinary past .
So , what 's the point of telling this story in VR ?
The answer is to give the viewer a more intimate understanding of a character and her experience . The technology allows us to put you in the reporter 's shoes , to feel what it 's like to sit with people as they look you in the eye and tell you their story , to visit their towns and the places that affected their lives . In some instances , it becomes a window into a person 's emotional memory .
I went to Berlin and wrote a shooting script for three VR segments that would tell McDaniel 's story . I worked with Vragments to make sure the script would work in VR . Then I went to Oklahoma with some sound equipment and a small , inexpensive 360-degree video camera . I shot and recorded the main elements that would drive the story : McDaniel and her hometown of McAlester .
We incorporated still images to show the people who refused to speak with us . And we created simple animated sequences to demonstrate past events that we were n't around to capture when they actually happened .
Post-production was a monthslong trans-Atlantic endeavor . I worked with Reveal senior supervising editor David Ritsher to refine and edit the segments . Then we sent our work to Berlin , where the Vragments team integrated the elements – video , photos , animation , dialogue , ambient sound and music – and turned them into VR .
The result is an experience we hope helps open up the possibilities of VR storytelling and gives our audience a more powerful understanding of a tragic issue that affects thousands of people around the world .
Read our full story about McDaniel here and our original investigation here . And you can find all of our Jehovah 's Witnesses coverage here . To read about our Pop-up VR studio in Berlin , click here .
Do n't miss the next big story . Brave investigations that change minds , laws and lives . Emailed directly to you .
Trey Bundy can be reached at tbundy @ revealnews.org . Follow him on Twitter : @ TreyBundy .
Look at the size of that flag . ( Photo by Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images )
During one of the busiest weeks of her ever-busier years , as she tried to compel her 5-year-old twins to finish breakfast , Amy Barnett received a call Wednesday morning from the 202 area code . “ Oh , I thought you were calling from the Nationals , ” she said after a reporter identified himself . “ Everyone wants to know : ‘ Hey , when is that flag going to be delivered ? ' ”
The calls come from all over the country , and this time of year there is a prevailing chance a baseball team will be on the other end . Barnett owns and operates 50 Stars Productions . Anyone possessing even cursory interest in American sports knows her work . Barnett stores , ships and rents out the gigantic United States flags teams unfurl during pregame ceremonies , the uniquely and explicitly American adornment to our uniquely and explicitly American games .
Barnett describes her product as a “ show. ” The biggest star is a 150×300-foot flag , large enough to cover an entire football field . It weighs 1,100 pounds . It cost about $ 40,000 when she bought it ; she figures it would take $ 50,000 to buy a new one . It comes in 14 pieces – the union rectangle and 13 stripes – that are fastened together with side-release clips , like on a backpack .
[ Tenn. attorney general : Even your fantasy sports league with friends is ‘ illegal ' ]
She owns eight of them . Six live in a $ 270-a-month storage unit in Centerville , Utah , where Barnett and 50-Star Productions are based . One resides in North Carolina . Another dwells in Philadelphia . That one , weather permitting , will canvas the Nationals Park outfield Thursday afternoon . In January , once football season ended , it visited Utah for repairs . It has not been seen since .
“ Making sure she looks good , ” Barnett said . “ Put her makeup on . ”
Barnett charges $ 6,200 , plus hotel rooms for her staff , for each flag . Repeat customers , such as the Nationals , get a discount . The Nationals have used 50-Star Productions for several years , for opening days , July 4 and other patriotic occasions . One year , they rented a flag shaped like the United States , stars standing in for Alaska and Hawaii . Last season , they opted for two 65×120-foot flags , one for right field and one for left .
Some teams do not like variance : For the Green Bay Packers , for example , “ we ca n't do anything outside of a normal rectangular flag , ” Barnett said . The Miami Dolphins and San Diego Chargers push for creative designs and alterations . Sometimes , something called “ camo ribbons ” are involved .
The price for shipping an 1,100-pound flag from Utah to the East Coast , Barnett estimated , is $ 1,000 . Storing flags in Carolina and Philly – “ hot areas , ” Barnett said – reduces cost . The Nationals ' flag will arrive to the park via truck Thursday morning . Barnett sends three staff members to piece together the flag and oversee the production . Teams must come up with 150 volunteers to unfurl and hold the football-field-size flag . The Nationals solicit and offer free tickets to military personnel .
They will rehearse Thursday morning and perform the show before first pitch . The flag will be folded , carried off the field , loaded back into the truck and shipped back to Philadelphia . The Phillies will display it Monday for their home opener .
[ What Jose Bautista 's costly slide taught us about the Utley Rule ]
Between Sunday night , when the Kansas City Royals unfurled a giant flag , and Tuesday , when the Los Angeles Dodgers will rent a flag for their home opener , 50 Stars Productions will have produced shows at 13 of 30 major league ballparks , using seven flags over 10 days .
Barnett did not imagine she would earn a living renting gigantic flags to professional sports teams , because nobody imagines that . “ I 'm an English major , for heaven 's sake , ” she said . When people ask her what she does , she tells them she 's in production . When they ask what that entails , she tells them , “ I have these big flags . … ”
“ They 're always like , ‘ What ! ? That 's you ? ' ” Barnett said .
Barnett started in the field working for Sky 's the Limit Productions and split to form her own company , specializing in flags , 11 years ago . Business has climbed steadily as teams have raced to keep up with one another . About four years ago , she jumped from 72 shows a year to 98 . This year , she 'll put on 112 .
By Barnett 's reckoning , she owns eight of the 11 football-field-sized American flags in the existence . Sky 's the Limit owns two . Superflag , the first company to produce the enormous flag , still owns just the one . It also owns the world 's largest American flag , which is 600-feet long and once hung over the Hoover Dam .
Other businesses have moved into the flag-rental space , fulfilling demands few realize exist . GiantFlagRental.com sends you to Kivett Productions , which is run by Joe Kivett .
“ Joe is more of a card-stunt guy , ” Barnett said . “ You know those big pictures in the crowd that are made with little cards ? That 's his thing . When someone asks him for a giant flag , he subs it out to me . ”
Kivett has produced card stunts for 25 years , executing them in India and at last year 's Super Bowl . But “ I also manage the world 's largest Canadian flag for the Blue Jays , which is where I 'm headed right now , ” Kivett said Wednesday morning .
Three years ago , he moved into the flag business . “ If I 'm doing a card stunt for a client , it 's just kind of natural that I do the giant flag as well , ” Kivett said . After he did a card stunt for the Toronto Blue Jays , the team asked for a giant Canadian flag . For $ 50,000 , Kivett commissioned and purchased a 150×300-foot Canadian flag . It will be unveiled Friday at Toronto 's home opener .
Once the crush of opening days ceases , Barnett will prepare for her most hectic time of year . “ As soon as we 're finished with baseball , we 'll anticipate football season , ” she said . “ That 's like Christmas day for us. ” She can count on renting her flag at least four or five times every weekend from September through January . The demand for her giant flags has only grown , and she knows this year will provide a particular challenge , a burden wholly unique to her singular profession .
“ We 're a little bit nervous , because Sept. 11 falls on a Sunday this year , ” Barnett said . “ We 're trying to gear up . I do n't know if eight is going to be enough . ”
MESA , ARIZONA— A year ago , as the promising young Chicago Cubs prepared for the 2016 season , the only cloud that hung over their training camp was the palpable weight of a hundred and eight years of futility . Though management , coaches , and players cheekily denied it , The Curse was a brooding and inescapable presence . Could these Cubs , torn down and rebuilt over several dreadful seasons , overcome the most prodigious title drought in the history of professional sports ?
They answered that question last fall , with a pulsating , extra-inning victory over the Cleveland Indians in Game 7 of the World Series , a cinematic ending as improbable—and therefore appropriate—as the horrific streak itself . Now the World Champs have returned from their short , celebratory winter to even greater expectations but a more conventional historical barrier . No team has won consecutive World Series championships since the New York Yankees completed a three-peat in 2000 . No National League team has accomplished this feat since the legendary Big Red Machine of Cincinnati , forty years ago .
Theo Epstein , the Cubs ' president of baseball operations , knows the history and the numbers . “ If you 're a lousy team , you start the season with about a three per cent chance of winning the World Series . If you 're a great team , your chances are about twelve per cent , ” Epstein told me as we stood on the balcony of the Under Armour Performance Center , the team 's training facility , watching the players go through morning calisthenics on a field below . “ It 's just really hard to win the World Series . ”
Epstein 's obsession with data is well known . As the twenty-something general manager of the Red Sox , he was one of the early pioneers of the “ Moneyball ” era , and used big data to unlock hidden truths about the game , a strategy that helped lead Boston to two championships . Year by year , he has refined and expanded that quest , perpetually driving his like-minded young collaborators and a war room of analytics geeks for new insights about how to scout players and win games . And he 's had to , because the rest of the league has caught on . Analytics have offered upstart and underfunded franchises the tools with which to maximize their chances . “ It used to be the rich teams like the Yankees could load up on talent and dominate . Now low-budget franchises are more competitive , ” the pitcher Jon Lester told me as he prepared for his day 's workout regimen in the Cubs ' spring clubhouse . “ It 's just harder to win consistently than it used to be . ”
Lester knows intimately the challenges of repeating as champions . Originally drafted by Epstein in Boston , the tall , stoic left-hander was a mainstay of two championship Red Sox teams . When the Cubs began to show signs of competitiveness , in 2014 , Epstein recruited his old ace , a free agent , with a six-year , hundred-and-fifty-five-million-dollar deal to anchor Chicago 's pitching staff . Last year , Lester won nineteen games and played the critical , steadying role that Epstein envisioned for him in the playoffs and World Series , despite a strange and inexplicable mental block against throwing the ball to first base .
On paper , the 2017 Cubs should be even better than the curse-busting crew of a year ago . The heart and soul of the team are young stars who have not yet reached their prime on baseball 's actuarial tables . The third baseman Kris Bryant , who won the Rookie of the Year award in 2015 , and is the reigning league M.V.P. , turned twenty-five in January . Addison Russell , the elegant All-Star shortstop , is just twenty-three . Javier Báez , an ebullient infielder whose prestidigitation in the field and thunderous bat helped ignite the Cubs during last year 's playoff , is twenty-four . The first baseman Anthony Rizzo , the team 's emotional leader and longest-tenured Cub , is all of twenty-seven .
PHOTOGRAPH BY ROB TRINGALI / GETTY Photograph by Rob Tringali/Getty
And then there is Kyle Schwarber , twenty-four , a four-by-four truck sprung to life as a preternatural hitter of baseballs . Schwarber missed almost the entire 2016 season with a knee injury , only to return for the World Series—three months before doctors said he would be ready—and emerge as one of the hitting heroes . “ Whenever you talk to this young man , look in his eyes , ” the team 's manager , Joe Maddon , told me as we sat in his cramped , windowless office in Mesa . “ Maybe one , two per cent of all Major League baseball players could have done what he did last year . Maybe just one guy could have . It might have just been one . He 's just a different cat . ”
The only discernible chink in the Cubs ' armor is an aging corps of starting pitchers . Lester is thirty-three . John Lackey is thirty-eight . And Jake Arrieta is thirty-one . Of the top four starters , only Kyle Hendricks , at twenty-seven , would be considered young by baseball standards . Behind them are several journeymen who have been auditioning for the fifth starting spot . The Cubs ' league-best pitching staff was remarkably healthy and consistent last year . Epstein acknowledges that this run of luck can not be counted on again . “ If one of our pitchers goes down , we just do n't have the same depth we do with position players , ” he told me , suggesting that he might be forced to barter some of his prized minor-league prospects for more pitching later this year .
Beyond the hazards of injury and the competitiveness of the league , there are other obstacles to repeat success . When you win the World Series , your off-season is shortened by more than a month , leaving players less time to regenerate for the next campaign . Any winning team is showered with attention during the interregnum—oftentimes one long party , which can swell the head and the body . Finally , while the desire to win may still be there after securing the title , the same level of commitment may not . “ The thing that often stops teams from repeating are the internal dynamics that crop up after you win—jealousies , rivalries , guys feeling like they did n't get the credit they deserve , ” Bruce Levine , a veteran baseball writer who has covered the Chicago teams for three decades , said . “ I have seen very little of that with this bunch . They 're a high-character group . They 're young , but they 're very professional . From the stars to the bench guys , they feel a responsibility to each other and their shared goals . It 's very unusual . ”
It is unusual but not accidental . Alongside all the sophisticated data analysis and neuro-testing that Epstein and his collaborators have marshalled to evaluate talent , they have deployed batteries of psychological testing and demanded that scouts investigate the background and character of prospective draftees . Often , Epstein , whose twin brother , Paul , is a social worker , will interview the top player candidates to get his own feel for them as people and potential teammates .
“ I came into the game thinking that all the touchy-feely stuff about chemistry and connection was just sort of a manufactured narrative , and that , ultimately , talent wins , and you can see it on paper why clubs win , ” Epstein told me when I asked about the personality of his team . “ With each year , you realize that the connections in the clubhouse , the character of the guys , the feeling , the ability to come together as a team affects the performance , so that affects the stat lines and what you see on paper , too . It 's an important part of it . ”
Last year 's championship team was memorable as much for its character and cohesiveness in the clutch as for its considerable athletic prowess . “ Because they were such great teammates and they cared about each other and they put their own self-interest behind the interest of the team and supported one another , the whole became greater than the sum of the parts , and they were able to elevate each other and accomplish something special , ” Epstein told me , kvelling about his men .
Epstein and Maddon , sixty-three , whose hiring as manager , in 2015 , turbo-charged the team 's resurgence , believe that this character offers the Cubs the chance to beat the history that works against a repeat title . “ They 've been raised properly , ” Maddon told me of his young charges . “ They have not been raised by wolves . . . . I mean , whether it comes from their parents or professionally , their coaches , their monitors to this point and the locker room last year. ” Maddon says that the veteran players whom Epstein and the team 's general manager , Jed Hoyer , recruited over the past three seasons have helped set the tone for the young stars : Lester , Lackey , Ben Zobrist , a versatile All-Star who can play multiple positions and hit from both sides of the plate , are consummate professionals who had all played on championship teams . “ The veterans in this group are all winners . You could have veterans . . . and it could be the absolute worst thing because they 're leading you down the wrong path . Our lead bulls lead us down the proper path . ”
I stopped by a locker stall where Russell , the shortstop whose self-possessed play anchors the Cubs ' league-leading defense , was methodically preparing for the day . Would a short off-season of rolling celebrations in which the young Cubs were received everywhere as demigods affect their play ? “ I do n't think so . You walk around this locker room and you ca n't even really tell we won a World Series . Everybody 's going about their business . Trying to get better . We feel like we 've just scratched the surface . ”
A Corbin man should receive $ 6.28 million for injuries he suffered when a volunteer Whitley County sheriff 's deputy beat him with a pistol , a federal jury has ruled .
The jury ruled in favor of Dalton Christopher Brewer , 27 , late Wednesday . The case was in U.S. District Court in London before Judge Gregory F. Van Tatenhove .
Brewer has a number of problems — including seizures , impaired vision and post-traumatic stress disorder — because of the June 2007 assault by Tony Ramey , according to court documents and one of his attorneys .
The judgment was against Whitley County Sheriff Lawrence Hodge and the county . A judge earlier entered a default judgment against Ramey when he did n't answer Brewer 's lawsuit .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Lexington Herald-Leader
Brewer 's attorneys also will seek an order for the defendants to pay them for their fees and costs .
Hodge and the county could ask for a new trial or appeal the verdict .
Records in the case say that Ramey 's son , Perry , had had a drug problem and allegedly stole a pistol from his father in order to pay a drug debt .
Brewer bought the pistol for $ 300 .
Soon after , Tony Ramey confronted his son over the missing gun , and the two went to Brewer 's house to get it back .
Ramey , 50 , had been a Corbin officer and a paid Whitley County deputy under a prior sheriff , but in the summer of 2007 he was sworn as a volunteer deputy under Hodge , according to court records .
Ramey had a badge and sheriff 's office identification card .
Brewer said that after he and Perry Ramey argued over the return of the gun , Tony Ramey told Brewer he was under arrest , smashed Brewer in the head several times with a pistol , knocking him unconscious , and then stomped and hit him some more .
Ramey said he hit Brewer with the gun only once as he defended his son during a fight with Brewer and tried to make a legitimate arrest , according to information in court documents .
Hodge argued Ramey was not an employee of the sheriff 's office because he had not posted the bond required to be a deputy .
However , jurors ruled that Ramey was acting as a representative of the sheriff 's office ; that he violated Brewer 's constitutional rights ; that Hodge and the county failed to properly train or supervise volunteer deputies ; and that the lack of training was closely related to , or caused , the violation of Brewer 's rights , according to a court record .
Brewer had done masonry and construction work before the incident but is now disabled . The jury awarded him damages for pain and suffering , emotional harm , loss of his earning ability and medical expenses .
One of Brewer 's attorneys , Michael Todd Cooper of Louisville , said the case points up the need for sheriffs to make sure volunteer deputies know and follow the rules .
Testimony indicated Hodge had more volunteer deputies than allowed and that no one from his office instructed them on policies , Cooper said .
`` The rule 's only good , first off , if you tell them what the rule is , '' Cooper said . `` This message screams to these sheriffs — this is important stuff . You need to pay attention to who you appoint and give them guidance . ''
The verdict came two days after a grand jury in Whitley County indicted Hodge on more than 15 charges of abusing the public trust by stealing money from accounts in his office .
The decade-long boom in oil and gas prices is over . Those falling oil prices continue to have major consequences for oil-dependent countries Venezuela and Nigeria .
But other countries are better positioned to ride out low prices . Like Norway , which produces nearly 3 percent of the world 's oil supply — less than Russia , the US and the Gulf states , to be sure , but more than most other countries .
`` Norway has been smart , '' says Jonas Bergman of Bloomberg . `` They have n't squandered the money away over the past 40 years and , since 1996 , they 've been stashing the majority of their oil wealth into a big fund . ''
The fund , he says , is the biggest in the world . `` It 's valued at $ 870 billion and that 's compared to Norway 's economy , which is $ 500 billion . So they have a lot of money that they can now use to back up the economy and support people who are losing their jobs , '' says Bergman , Bloomberg 's Oslo bureau chief .
Norway 's sovereign wealth fund is the largest in the world — and its value keeps growing , by virtue of a government policy that limits the government 's usage of the fund to just four percent annually . The fund , however , could be the biggest loser in Monday 's global stock market selloff — with almost two-thirds of its investments in equities .
And with the current dip in oil prices , the government may be inclined to change the policy to allow access to more of the fund 's assets .
In response to questions about the transmission of VOA Radiogram from the Edward R. Murrow Transmitting Station in North Carolina , here are some details .
What kind of transmitter is used ?
We are using GE 4BT250A1 250-kW transmitters for the VOA Radiogram programs . It is one of the original transmitters installed at the station in 1962 .
What is the actual transmitted power ?
The transmitter output power is 80 kW .
What type of antennas are used ?
The 5745 kHz and 6095 kHz programs are using a simple dipole with a bearing of 10 and 190 deg :
The 17860 kHz and 15670 kHz programs are using a curtain antenna with a bearing of 45 degrees , This antenna has a forward gain of about 17 dB :
Any other interesting details ?
There is no audio processing used in the audio chain between the program source and the transmitter for the Radiogram program .
There is less than 1 dB of loss between the transmitter and the antenna .
See also BBG press release , 2 May 2012 , with a link to a video about the transmitting station .
Rumors that Julian Assange is dead have been spreading online after a strange set of tweets from WikiLeaks that some believe to be a “ dead man 's switch ” — an insurance policy to ensure that closely guarded information is released in the event of his death .
The viral rumors started on Sunday afternoon after the official WikiLeaks Twitter account posted a series of messages that appeared to be coded . Many users believed that the release of the tweets meant that something had happened to Assange , who has been at the forefront of American politics in recent months by releasing sensitive emails connected to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton .
null
null
null
Many believed that the tweets represented the “ dead man 's switch ” that Julian Assange had mentioned in the past . As the USA Supreme reported , there was a belief that the insurance protocol may have had something to do with Hillary Clinton .
“ When WikiLeaks released a mysterious file labeled ‘ WIKILEAKS INSURANCE ' for people everywhere to download in advance of a huge upcoming announcement , everyone was having a second thought of what this file actually contain . This file serves as a type of ‘ deadman 's switch ' that is currently encrypted . WikiLeaks will release a second encryption key to unlock the file if they are prevented from making a planned announcement . Because of previous statements made by WikiLeaks and Julian Assange , many people are wondering if this insurance file is meant to ensure that WikiLeaks can release potentially damaging information about Hillary Clinton . ”
While there is no official word from the document-sharing organization , it does not appear there is any truth to the rumor that Julian Assange is dead . The official WikiLeaks Twitter account continued posting normal messages after the release of what appeared to be the “ dead man 's switch . ”
null
To many following WikiLeaks closely , the rumors that Julian Assange was dead would not have come as a surprise . There have been increasing conspiracy theories about the site after it began releasing emails directly from the Democratic National Committee and from Hillary Clinton 's campaign manager , John Podesta .
null
Assange has been a thorn in the side of Democrats this entire election cycle and has personally helped spread some conspiracy theories around Clinton . Back in the summer , young DNC staffer Seth Rich was killed in Washington , D.C. , in what police called a robbery attempt gone wrong . But there were some who claimed that Rich was killed either by the DNC or Clinton because of some secret he may have threatened to release .
Despite scant evidence to support the theory — and statements from Rich 's family asking that people stop spreading the baseless rumors — Assange jumped on the story . WikiLeaks offered a $ 20,000 reward for information abut Rich 's murderer , and Assange himself insinuated that Rich may have been the source of the DNC leak .
The Gateway Pundit had a transcript of Assange 's appearance on a Dutch television show in which he hinted about it .
Julian Assange : Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often very significant risks . As a 27 year-old , works for the DNC , was shot in the back , murdered just a few weeks ago for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington . Reporter : That was just a robbery , I believe . Was n't it ? Julian Assange : No . There 's no finding . So… I 'm suggesting that our sources take risks .
A later report from a site called True Pundit claimed that Hillary Clinton wanted to order a drone strike against Julian Assange back in 2010 , when WikiLeaks had released hundreds of thousands of sensitive diplomatic cables . The report has been called into question and there appears to be no evidence to support the account of Clinton trying to assassinate Assange .
Despite WikiLeaks posting on Twitter after the release of the so-called “ dead man 's switch , ” the rumors that Julian Assange may be dead to have persisted online . Many people are still openly questioning his fate and calling on Assange to make a statement directly .
[ Featured Image by Kirsty Wigglesworth/AP Images ]
article
Big banks have an unexpected message for President-elect Donald Trump : Do n't trash the Dodd-Frank Act .
Continue Reading Below
`` We 're not asking for wholesale throwing out Dodd-Frank , '' J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. chief James Dimon said at a financial-services conference this week where he and other big-bank executives spoke , often addressing potential regulatory changes for the first time since the election .
That is a contrast to some in Washington who have called for full repeal of Dodd-Frank , the legislation passed in 2010 that imposed new constraints on banks and created new agencies like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . A proposal that would effectively replace Dodd-Frank , by Rep. Jeb Hensarling , the Republican chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , has gained momentum since the election .
The Trump team has talked about dismantling the law , although it has yet to state clearly whether this would involve a repeal of Dodd-Frank . Bank stocks have soared about 20 % since the election , partly on the belief President-elect Donald Trump in some way will lighten banks ' regulatory load .
While banks favor a paring back of regulation , they tend to think in practical terms , rather than ideologically . And their core message seems to be : Make regulation simpler and less costly , but do n't return banking to the Wild West days that preceded the financial crisis .
In many ways that is understandable . Banks have spent half a dozen years and hundreds of millions of dollars to adapt to the new landscape . This has caused them to exit businesses such as proprietary trading , rejig their corporate structures to make them safer and focus more on clients ' needs . While tearing up Dodd-Frank would seem to unshackle banks , starting with a new regulatory playbook would upend their new business models and divert management .
Advertisement
One of the biggest concerns for banks is that things do n't get worse . `` The first thing I would ask for is nothing new , no new rules , '' Citigroup Inc. finance chief John Gerspach said at the conference . `` If you have n't figured out yet how all the existing rules work together , do n't put on anything else . ''
Banks acknowledge benefits to the new rules , noting they have helped improve the way firms manage risks and view their businesses . U.S. bankers have also said that having been forced to hold more capital , and build it quickly after the financial crisis , made their firms far stronger than troubled European peers .
So what would the big banks like to see changed ?
Stress Tests -- These annual exercises conducted by the Federal Reserve have become hugely important because they govern the amount of capital banks can return to shareholders , either through buybacks or dividends .
Banks want these to be based more on objective criteria and they want to have more of a view into the testing process and the Fed 's decision-making . And they should take less time and money to comply with , bankers say .
Bill Demchak , CEO of PNC Financial Services Group Inc. , said his bank could theoretically get all the benefits of the stress-testing process with `` 60 % of the effort . '' He said that to comply with the tests , `` you bring the place to a grinding halt once a year . ''
The Volcker Rule -- Banks say they are n't eager to get back into the business of speculating on market moves using their own balance sheets . But they want the process around the Volcker Rule to be less burdensome and administered by fewer than five agencies .
Changes in this area could `` probably make it easier to make markets '' and improve liquidity , likely benefiting investors and other issuers , said Mr. Dimon .
`` You have active market-marking in lumber , rebar , chicken , pork , cotton ; we need it in financial instruments , it 's not different , '' he said . `` I do think a little more liquidity could be good . ''
Mr. Gerspach said Citigroup would like less paperwork . `` We do n't want to do proprietary trading , '' he said . `` But I also would love to work with regulators to lessen the burden of proving that we 're not engaging in proprietary trading . ''
Capital and Liquidity -- Banks say there are so many new rules relating to so many areas of their balance sheets that they too often run the risk of working against each other . And it is n't clear when enough capital really is enough .
Wells Fargo chief Timothy Sloan cited differences between rules about how much capital a bank must hold and the amount of liquid assets a firm has to keep on hand . The intersections of these rules , bankers argue , hampers lending .
Bankers would also like more clarity around how much capital is enough for banks . Regulators have applied various capital surcharges to the biggest banks and these can change as regulations evolve .
`` It 's getting certainty around the ability to have access to your capital return once you 've met all the hurdles and whether those hurdles move up or down because of various people 's point of view , '' said Bank of America Corp. chief Brian Moynihan .
J.P. Morgan 's Mr. Dimon said that regulators ' authority should be `` cut back a little bit . It should be more prescriptive in exactly what they 're trying to accomplish . ''
For all that , bankers are taking a wait-and-see stance before making any big changes to their businesses . `` I think the difference going into 2017 is that we do have hope , '' Citigroup 's Mr. Gerspach said . `` But ... we ca n't build a plan on hope . ''
This article was available on Pro Financial Regulation first , before being published to wsj.com . Separate subscription required for Pro Financial Regulation ; more information here .
Write to Christina Rexrode at christina.rexrode @ wsj.com and Emily Glazer at emily.glazer @ wsj.com
Ramesh Bais ( centre ) led a committee which found the Indian government 's bill on trans rights was lacking .
A report looking into a trans rights law in India found the government needs to do more for trans people .
Released by the Standing Committee on Social Justice and Empowerment , the report found the government 's proposed transgender bill did not address basic civil rights needs .
The committee found the Bill is lacking in clear policies on adoption and , marriage and divorce . Without this clarity it could leave trans people open to criminalization under section 377 of the Indian Penal Code . Section 377 bans ‘ acts against the order of nature ' .
The draft bill did not clearly define discrimination and did not include policy on how trans people could bring a complaint if they are mistreated or abused .
The report also found draft law failed to properly protect trans people from rape and sexual assault .
Another flag the panel raised with the bill was its definition of transgender people .
The draft bill describes them as ‘ neither wholly female nor wholly male , ' ‘ a combination of female or male , ' and ‘ neither female nor male ' . The report said those descriptions were ‘ unscientific and primitive , ' and one which ‘ completely misunderstands trans identities ' and severely restricts their right to self-identify .
The BJP led the criticism
Introduced to parliament last year the government 's Transgender Persons ( Protection of Rights ) was reviewed by the 31-member committee .
It was headed by Ramesh Bais a member of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) party .
‘ A historic shift is underway , you are not alone in your struggle for the end of violence and discrimination , ' Bais wrote in the report 's introduction .
‘ It is a shared struggle . Transgender is not an anomaly . It is a part of the spectrum of people 's realities .
‘ While there is no shame in being gay , lesbian , bisexual , transgender or intersex or even straight – there is a most certainly shame and dishonor in being a homophobe , a transphobe and a bigot . '
Concerns were addressed
Human rights advocates welcomed the committees 's report saying it addressed concerns about the draft legislation .
‘ This strong public acknowledgement of the LGBT community , long marginalized in India , introduces and sets the tone for a new report on transgender rights , ' wrote the Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) Asian division researcher , Jayshree Bajoria .
‘ The Indian government should amend the transgender rights bill to ensure that transgender people can self-identify their legal gender without unwanted intervention from committees or experts , be they medical , psychological , or anyone else .
‘ And this alone should form the basis for their access to all rights , social security measures , benefits , and entitlements . '
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Geir Lundestad stepped down in 2014 as secretary of the Nobel committee
Awarding the Nobel Peace Prize to US President Barack Obama in 2009 failed to achieve what the committee hoped it would , its ex-secretary has said .
Geir Lundestad told the AP news agency that the committee hoped the award would strengthen Mr Obama .
Instead , the decision was met with criticism in the US . Many argued he had not had any impact worthy of the award .
Mr Lundestad , writing in his memoir , Secretary of Peace , said even Mr Obama himself had been surprised .
`` No Nobel Peace Prize ever elicited more attention than the 2009 prize to Barack Obama , '' Mr Lundestad writes .
`` Even many of Obama 's supporters believed that the prize was a mistake , '' he says . `` In that sense the committee did n't achieve what it had hoped for '' .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Mr Obama was presented the award by committee chairman Thorbjorn Jagland
He also reveals that Mr Obama considered not going to pick up the award in Norway 's capital , Oslo .
His staff enquired whether other winners had skipped the ceremony but found this has happened only on rare occasions , such as when dissidents were held back by their governments .
`` In the White House they quickly realised that they needed to travel to Oslo , '' Mr Lundestad wrote .
Mr Lundestad served as the committee 's influential , but non-voting , secretary from 1990 to 2015 .
He has broken with the tradition of the secretive committee , whose members rarely discuss proceedings .
Other insights
The book also gives other insights into the activities of the committee :
According to Mr Lundestad , Jonas Gahr Store , then Norway 's foreign minister , tried in 2010 to dissuade the panel from awarding the prize to a Chinese dissident , fearing it would strain the country 's relationship with Beijing . The Nobel committee ignored the warnings and honoured Liu Xiaobo .
Mr Lundestad also criticises Thorbjorn Jagland , who was the committee chairman for six years and is now a regular member . He said that as a former Norwegian prime minister , Mr Jagland should never have been appointed to the committee , which frequently stresses its independence .
In an amusing anecdote , Mr Lundestad relates how he found Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who won the award in 1994 , watching an episode of the Tom and Jerry cartoon in his hotel with other Palestine Liberation Organisation members . `` It was made very clear that they intended to watch until the end , '' he said .
This year 's Nobel Peace Prize will be announced on October 9 .
CLOSE An expansive and controversial bill on its way to Gov . Mike Pence 's desk seeks to set more restrictions on abortion in the state — already one of the most restrictive in the nation . Wochit
Buy Photo A Planned Parenthood Indiana supporter holds a sign referring to then Indiana 6th District Congressman Mike Pence , who had been fighting to defund Planned Parenthood , in this March 8 , 2011 photo . ( Photo : Charlie Nye/IndyStar ) Buy Photo
How dare you , Gov . Mike Pence ?
How dare you play politics with the reproductive rights of Indiana 's female population ? How dare you purport to know what 's best for Hoosier women who have to make the painful , deeply personal decision to seek an abortion ?
How dare you ignore the Constitution you are sworn to uphold ?
On Thursday , Pence signed an expanded abortion law that prohibits a woman from seeking an abortion solely because her fetus could be born with a disability such as Down syndrome . It also bans a woman from terminating a pregnancy solely because of the gender or race of the fetus . The measures further restrict abortion in Indiana , already one of the most restrictive states in the nation .
The expansive law includes other new regulations , such as a requirement for the remains of aborted or miscarried fetuses to be interred or cremated . That 's right ; women who have already been shredded by a miscarriage or abortion must now make funeral arrangements for their unborn fetuses . I wish I was making this up .
It 's no surprise that Pence signed this constitutionally questionable legislation . After all , this is the same individual who while in Congress waged war against Planned Parenthood , attempting to strip the organization of all federal funding because it provides abortion services . He 's been laying his oppressive groundwork for years .
The governor has again plopped Indiana into the middle of a heated national debate about social issues . I 'm all for being out front and on show , but Pence 's sanctimonious governance has once more made Indiana look embarrassingly regressive and intolerant .
Last March , Pence quietly signed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , legislation that many feared would allow discrimination against gay and transsexual Hoosiers . Similarly , Pence this past week signed the abortion law behind closed doors . Is he ashamed of his actions ? Why does he retreat when signing away the rights of his constituents ?
Pence , who knows he has fallen out of favor around the state , is certainly courting the conservative voting bloc to save his political career .
This time , he 's doing it at the expense of women in the state .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Hoosier Politics newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong What 's happening in politics across Indiana . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827 . Delivery : Thu Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Hoosier Politics Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
“ By enacting this legislation , we take an important step in protecting the unborn , while still providing an exception for the life of the mother . I sign this legislation with a prayer that God would continue to bless these precious children , mothers and families , ” Pence said in a statement after signing the law .
If Pence really felt strongly about protecting children , mothers and families , he would challenge the General Assembly to write laws that better fund family-planning services . He would support Planned Parenthood 's efforts to provide women with affordable contraception . After all , decreasing the number of unplanned and unwanted pregnancies decreases the number of abortions women seek .
Reproduction rights should not be used as a political prop , Gov . Pence . How dare you throw your weight around simply because you can ? How dare you disrespect the women of this state ?
Just as you said a prayer when you signed that heinous legislation into law , I pray for you , Gov . Pence . I pray that you find it in your heart to stop playing politics and begin representing the people of Indiana in an honorable fashion .
Email IndyStar columnist Suzette Hackney at suzette.hackney @ indystar.com . Follow her on Twitter : @ suzyscribe .
Read or Share this story : http : //indy.st/1Mq6H9N
Shutterstock
Under a new Michigan law , local governments are banned from banning plastic bags.Public Act 389 preempts local governments that ban , restrict , or place fees on plastic bags . The bill was signed by Lt. Gov . Brian Calley Wednesday while Gov . Rick Snyder is on holiday vacation.The law makes it easier for chain restaurants and retailers , who do n't have to comply with local ordinances — which is why the Michigan Restaurant Association called the bill a victory . `` With many of our members owning and operating locations across the state , preventing a patchwork approach of additional regulations is imperative to avoid added complexities as it related to day-to-day business operations , '' the association 's Vice President of Government Affairs Robert O'Meara toldBut some local governments were planning bans or restrictions on plastic bags — such as Washtenaw County , which was going to implement a 10-cent charge on paper and plastic grocery bags in 2017.Washtenaw County Commissioner Jennifer Eyer told Michigan Radio the law `` [ puts ] the priorities of business over the concerns about the environment , and doing what 's good for the environment . ''
Commanders ,
Light tanks are perhaps the most underestimated vehicles in the game . The truth is , however , that these little troopers play a bigger role in determining the outcome of a battle than you think ! They are the eyes and ears of the team , bravely rushing deep into hostile territory and risking their fragile HP pools to provide their mates with accurate intel about the enemy 's movements . Without them , the team 's effectiveness would be based mostly on luck and individual acts of heroism .
In order to give credit where credit is due and celebrate the enormous contribution of these little vehicles , we have decided to pay homage to light tanks in two ways at the same time ! First , we have a brand-new T-shirt in the J ! NX store – wearing it will not only give you an immediate aura of rock-solid confidence , but it will also announce your genuine affection towards the most demanding tank class in the game ! Go scouting for the In Spot We Trust T-shirt in the J ! NX Store :
VISIT THE J ! NX STORE
Also , do n't forget to log in to the game this weekend because there will be a lot of special discounts and bonuses on light tanks :
Double Crew Experience
Train your crews at double the rate and get those perks you always wanted !
+50 % Credit Income Bonus on all standard Tier II - V light tanks
Regardless of whether you 're a pro or a beginner , enjoy extra income on your low-tier light tanks !
+20 % Credit Income Bonus on all standard Tier VI – VII light tanks
Advanced scouts wo n't be forgotten either – do your job effectively and enjoy a credit bonus !
50 % Discount on the following Premium Vehicles * :
30 % Discount on the following Premium Vehicle * :
* Please note that the premium vehicles ' discounts will also apply to the Premium Shop offers for the duration of the special . However , please bear in mind that the discount in the Premium Shop only applies to the vehicle and the prices of any additional package contents remain the same , except as otherwise discounted .
Up to 50 % credit/gold discount on camouflage , emblems and inscriptions
Personalise your vehicles at a favourable price !
Missions
In Spot We Trust ! Goal Earn the Scout medal Reward +30 % Experience for the battle Requirements Tier IV and above only Conditions Random Battles only
You must survive the battle
Be in the top 10 players on your team by base experience earned ( bonuses for the first victory of the day , premium account , etc. , will not be counted to determine the top 10 players ) . You can receive the reward each time you complete the goal .
Spotting Means Victory Goal Complete the “ In Spot We Trust ! ” mission 10 times Reward 1x Coated Optics Requirements Tier IV and above only Conditions Once per account
Scout Down ! Goal Destroy at least two light tanks in the course of one battle Reward 15,000 Requirements Tier IV and above only Conditions Random Battles only You can receive the reward each time you complete the goal .
Two for the Price of One Goal Earn the Bombardier medal Reward 200,000 Requirements Tier IV and above only Conditions Random Battles only You can receive the reward each time you complete the goal .
This special will be available from 28th February at 06:10 until 3rd March at 06:00 CET ( GMT+1 ) .
Can you spot them all , Commanders ?
Barcelona will stay at their iconic Nou Camp stadium after announcing a £495m ( 600m euros ) redevelopment , which will increase its capacity to 105,000 .
The Catalan club 's directors voted against from the 99,354-seater ground to a new location at an extraordinary meeting on Monday .
The remodelling plan will go to Barça 's 160,000 members , who collectively own the club , ahead of an April referendum .
Analysis `` A key factor behind Barça 's desire to update the Nou Camp is their need to take greater advantage of the opportunities available in the highly lucrative corporate hospitality market . `` Barcelona is one of the world 's most popular destinations for big-money trade shows , and the chance to attract more high-paying business customers is a major potential revenue stream for the club . `` The current Nou Camp 's facilities in that regard are woefully inadequate , and it 's notable that the plans released by the club on Monday include `` a new ring of boxes , restaurants and other VIP facilities '' with the addition of 3,500 new corporate seats . ''
The Nou Camp was `` an icon of the city '' , said president Sandro Rosell .
Matches would still be played while the work - which could be finished by 2021 - is carried out .
Home sweet home Barça have lost just one of their last 50 league games at the Nou Camp - winning 46
Barcelona have played at the Nou Camp since it was built in 1957 and the stadium has hosted two European Cup finals - in 1989 and 1999 . It also hosted World Cup matches in 1982 and the Olympic football tournament in 1992 .
`` It has been an important decision for the club - the most important in the last 50 years , '' added Rosell .
`` The option of building a new stadium on a new site has been dismissed as the final cost could have saddled the club and its members with debt and tied the hands of future boards of directors .
`` This was a difficult decision , both options were very attractive but we decided to go ahead and stay . ''
The Spanish champions insist the restructured stadium will still be known as the Nou Camp , but added naming rights could be sold .
The club said the redevelopment , which will see a roof built to cover all spectators but not the playing surface , would generate an extra £24m of revenue per season .
Board member Javier Faus , who added that the cost of the redevelopment would be repaid within eight years , said the move was necessary for Barça to continue competing with Europe 's other leading clubs .
`` We do n't want to bankrupt the club for 30 to 40 years , '' he added . `` We wo n't take money from the club members or outside investors . The club will run the proposals with our own resources . ''
The redevelopment , if approved by members , would begin in May 2017 and be completed in February 2021 .
Here are 25 Interesting Facts About Cold War .
1-5 Interesting Facts About Cold War
1 . Russia secretly had maps so detailed of the Canadian Arctic during the Cold-War that other ships even now use them over official maps . – Source
2 . In the 1930 's starlet , Hedy Lamarr invented a new technology to stop Nazi 's from jamming Navy torpedoes , but the idea was rejected until 1962 and implemented during the Cold War . Her frequency hopping technology is also the basis for modern Bluetooth . – Source
3 . During the Cold War , the USSR was able to tell a Soviet passport was a forged and fake because the staples in real passports would corrode due to the poor quality of metal . – Source
4 . The USSR and the USA were originally in talks to jointly go into space together during the Cold War . The USSR almost accepted but then President Kennedy was assassinated and the Soviets did n't trust Vice President Johnson , so the plan fell through . – Source
5 . During the Cold War , the C.I.A . made a pornographic video featuring a lookalike of the Indonesian President in an attempt to discredit him , including designing a full-face mask resembling the President . – Source
6-10 Interesting Facts About Cold War
6 . During the Cold War , USSR thought that the heavily trafficked building in the center courtyard of the Pentagon was a top-secret meeting room and pointed nukes at it . It was a hot dog stand . – Source
7 . Congress added the “ Under God ” phrase to the Pledge of Allegiance during the Cold War . This symbolized the resistance to communists , who were atheists . – Source
8 . During the Cold War , USA considered airdropping enormous condoms labeled “ Medium ” into USSR , to demoralize them against an anatomically superior American Army . – Source
9 . The US Air Force developed a top-secret plan to detonate a nuclear bomb on the moon as a display of military might at the height of the Cold War . The mathematical modeling for the explosion was done by Carl Sagan . – Source
10 . The CIA secretly spiked the bread from a bakery in the French village of Pont-Saint-Esprit with enormous quantities of LSD as part of its cold war mind-control experiments . – Source
11-15 Interesting Facts About Cold War
11 . During the Cold War , America used bears to test their ejector seats in supersonic jets . – Source
12 . The Canadian government forcibly relocated Inuit to the most northern parts of the country during the Cold War in order to assert its sovereignty in the arctic . – Source
13 . The term “ Cold War ” was first invented by George Orwell , author of the book satirizing Stalinism , “ Animal Farm ” . – Source
14 . The term “ Third World Country ” does not mean poor , it refers to a country which was not aligned with either America/First World or Soviet/Second World during the Cold War . – Source
15 . During the cold war , America sent Romania 20,000 bibles , which the Romanians subsequently turned into toilet paper because they had a shortage . – Source
16-20 Interesting Facts About Cold War
16 . During the Cold War , Nikita Khrushchev said to Mao Zedong that “ Berlin is the testicles of the West . Every time I want to make the West scream , I squeeze on Berlin. ” – Source
17 . In 1983 , amidst the cold war , the world was a ‘ Hairsbreadth from Utter Destruction ' , but nuclear apocalypse was prevented by a single Russian Colonel . – Source
18 . During the Cold War , the CIA launched Operation Kitty in which cats were surgically implanted with bugging devices to eavesdrop on Soviet conversations , after all , who would suspect a cat of wearing a wire . The 1st mission failed after the cat was run over and the $ 15million operation was dropped . – Source
19 . During the Cold War , an 18-year-old German aviator ( with only 50 hours ' worth of flying experience ) illegally flew through the Soviet airspace , bypassed their air defenses and landed in Red Square , all in order to reduce tensions between the USA and USSR . – Source
20 . The Soviet Union shot down a Korean civilian Boeing 747 that unknowingly entered its airspace during the Cold War , killing all 269 passengers . This incident prompted the U.S. to make the GPS technology available for civilian use . – Source
21-25 Interesting Facts About Cold War
21 . Deer in the Czech Republic do n't cross into Germany , following the example of parents who learned to avoid the electrified fence there during the Cold War . – Source
22 . In the 1960s at the height of the Cold War , the US continuously flew planes carrying nuclear bombs around the world as a precautionary measure in the event of an attack by the USSR . Five of these planes crashed , and nuclear contamination resulted in at least 2 instances . – Source
23 . During the Cold War , the Soviet Union had many “ closed cities ” restricted for foreigners and tightly controlled for citizens and even today Russia keeps a great number of its cities closed . – Source
24 . The most powerful air raid sirens ever built ( during the cold war ) was powered by an 180 horse Chrysler V-8 engine , were nearly 12 feet long and were rumored to be so powerful that they could start fires and turn fog into the rain . – Source
25 . During the Cold War , maps distributed in the US utilized distorted map projections to make the USSR and Vietnam seem larger , closer and more “ menacing. ” – Source
iPhone concept image via ConceptsiPhone
`` But whether the feature can eventually make it into Apple 's updated devices will depend on whether Foxconn can boost the yield rate to a satisfactory level later on , '' the source said .
Apple manufacturing partner Foxconn is testing wireless charging modules intended for use in the 2017 10th anniversary iPhone , according to Nikkei . However , Nikkei 's source says the feature 's inclusion into the iPhone 8 is dependent on yield rates.The modules are intended for the 2017 iPhone , but it 's unclear whether all 2017 iPhone models will include wireless charging or whether it 'll be reserved for higher-end Plus models.In January , it was reported that Apple was exploring extended range wireless charging for the 2017 iPhone . Extended wireless charging is seen as superior to existing wireless charging solutions because it does not require the device to be as close to a charging mat or source . In February , there was speculation that Apple was working with Energous , the company behind WattUp , a wireless charging technology that uses radio waves to charge devices up to 15 feet away , on wireless charging technology.Apple has also been hiring engineers experienced in wireless charging in recent months . In May , the company hired two engineers from uBeam , a startup focused on a wireless charging technique that uses ultrasonic waves to charge electronic devices by converting those waves into electricity.The Cupertino company has also filed many patents for wireless charging technology , though it has publicly downplayed the usefulness of wireless charging , largely due to the need of a charging mat plugged into a wall.The 2017 iPhone , which is expected to feature a major redesign with a glass body and edge-to-edge OLED display that integrates a Touch ID sensor and front-facing camera , will arrive in September 2017 .
Quickflix launches New Zealand�s first unlimited movie and TV streaming service Posted on 29-Mar-2012 07:50 | Filed under : Web media
Posted on 29-Mar-2012 07:50Filed under : News
ASX‐listed company Quickflix Limited ( QFX ) will launch its streaming service in New Zealand and it will be available to anyone with a broadband connection .
The Quickflix subscription streaming service offering unlimited viewing will retail at NZ $ 16.99 per month , however for a limited period it will be available at an introductory price of just $ 9.99 a month . Subscribers will be able to watch unlimited movies and television series digitally streamed to Windows-based computers , Apple Macs computers and Sony�s range of internet‐connected Bravia TVs , Blu‐ray players and PlayStation 3 .
Over the coming months , both Panasonic and Samsung will stream Quickflix through their range of connected TVs , as well as Samsung�s Galaxy Tablets and smartphones . The service will also be made available to users of Apple iPhones and iPads in May . Quickflix will continue to roll out its service on further connected devices throughout the course of the year .
�The advent of smart devices in the home is transforming the choices available to consumers all over the world , � says Quickflix Chief Executive Officer Chris Taylor . �The Quickflix streaming �smart channel� will change the way Kiwis experience movies and entertainment services . No boxes , no contracts , just great content on demand , at an affordable price.�
Major Hollywood studios Warner Bros , Sony Pictures , NBC Universal and MGM , along with Lakeshore Entertainment and Pinnacle Films , will provide blockbusters from their catalogue of feature films and BBC will deliver British drama and comedy television on demand . Quickflix expects to announce more participating film and television studios over the coming weeks .
To complement the unlimited subscription service , selected devices will offer the latest release films on a pay‐per‐view basis for as little as NZ $ 6.99 .
Also streaming free on Quickflix will be exclusive A‐list interviews , red carpet coverage and film reviews from Hollywood and around the world hosted by celebrity TV presenter , DJ Ruby Rose . This content will be available free , whether New Zealanders are subscribed to Quickflix or not .
Taylor expects Quickflix�s launch to provide a real alternative to the existing entertainment options in New Zealand .
�New Zealanders� entertainment choices have been far too limited for far too long . In our view there is not enough competition in New Zealand and consumers deserve more choice of content , on demand without the exorbitant price tag . Quickflix will do its part to drive a new era in on‐demand entertainment in New Zealand.�
The company is seeking to work with broadband providers to make its streaming service unmetered and not count towards customers ' broadband data usage . �Compared with other countries in the developed world broadband data caps in New Zealand are restrictively low but we see this changing , � declares Taylor .
ISP Slingshot is the first ISP to unmeter access to the Quickflix service . ISP Orcon will provide unmetered access to the Quickflux service from 1st May 2012 .
More information : http : //www.quickflix.co.nz ...
Despite the preceding description , whites , men and those without a college degree all view President Obama more positively than they did before Trump began running .
This is not much of a surprise . In Gallup 's most recent weekly average , Obama 's approval rating is at 54 percent , the highest it has been since shortly after his reelection . Given that Obama is more popular broadly , it is pretty much certain that he would be viewed more positively by individual demographic groups , too .
It 's a little strange that he has become more popular , though , given that he has an increased presence on the campaign trail . His favorability spiked in 2012 , too , but that increase was paired with a slew of television ads promoting his candidacy and his work in the Oval Office . This time , he is stumping for someone else but nonetheless seeing an improvement in how he is viewed . That other person , Hillary Clinton , is taking most of the flak , which probably helps .
Again , the improvement in Obama 's numbers is across the board . If we compare where Obama was in June 2015 ( when Donald Trump announced his candidacy ) with where he is now , Obama is viewed more positively in every individual demographic group Gallup tracks . In some cases , the improvement is huge .
Young people , college graduates , less-liberal Democrats and Hispanics all view Obama 's performance at least nine points more favorably than they did when Trump entered into the race — groups that are also pretty skeptical of Trump 's candidacy . The groups that saw the least improvement were Republicans ( though those numbers ticked upward ) and black Americans , mostly because Obama 's approval rating with black voters did not have much room to grow .
Much of the uptick happened at the beginning of the year , as voting began in the presidential primaries . That 's the point at which Democrats , Hispanics , whites and independents started to view Obama more positively .
It 's important to note that although whites , men and those without college degrees all view Obama more favorably than they did in June of last year , white men without college degrees may not . ( `` Whites '' includes both white men and women , for example . ) What it reinforces , though , is that Trump 's pitch of changing the status quo and keeping Clinton from being Obama 's `` third term '' may not be as resonant as he thinks . His campaign has repeatedly pointed to poll numbers showing how many Americans think the country is on the wrong track as evidence that people are clamoring for his candidacy . As we noted earlier this month , some part of the `` wrong track '' sentiment — which has been prevalent for a decade — is that people are worried about the tone of this presidential election and Trump 's rhetoric .
Nearly all of Trump 's campaign efforts over the past several months have been focused on reinforcing his support in his base . That has been enough to keep him at a little more than 40 percent in the polls . On the infrequent occasions when he goes much above that , it 's because he has managed to woo some new people to his cause . Trump has slipped back to his normal percentage of support , with 15 days to go . Railing against Obama 's tenure is great for reinforcing support from Republicans and white men without college degrees , clearly . But that strategy leaves more than half the country amenable to the Clinton-Obama campaigning we 've seen regularly over the past several weeks .
Since 2010 , there have been only seven weeks in which Obama 's job approval was as high among white Americans as it is now , with the most recent prior week falling shortly before his second inauguration . White voters picked Mitt Romney by 20 points in the 2012 election . In a new ABC News poll , Trump leads with that group by only 4 points .
It 's hard to think there is no connection .
Philip Bump is a correspondent for The Washington Post based in New York . Before joining The Post in 2014 , he led politics coverage for the Atlantic Wire .
Post Recommends
Lobsang Sangay , elected leader of Tibetan 'government in exile ' , urges China to return to talks on autonomy
The elected leader of the Tibetan `` government in exile '' , based in India , has called on China to end `` repressive policies '' he blames for pushing 130 Tibetans to burn themselves alive in protests .
Lobsang Sangay , the Sikyong or elected political head of the Tibetan government in exile , called on Chinese authorities to engage in talks on autonomy as the Dalai Lama and other leaders launched a renewed push for the `` Middle Way '' , a 40-year-old strategy that aims for genuine autonomy for Tibetans within the Chinese constitution .
Beijing has ruled Tibet since 1951 , a year after invading , and considers the Himalayan region an integral part of Chinese territory .
Sangay said : `` Our aim is to counter the efforts of Chinese officials and representatives who are misleading many around the world about what the 'Middle Way ' is . '' The government in exile , known as the Central Tibetan Administration , is based in the northern Indian hill station of Dharamsala .
The Dalai Lama , who shed his political responsibilities in 2011 but who remains a revered spiritual leader , urged China to embrace democracy as he marked the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown .
The Nobel Laureate offered prayers for the hundreds of people – thousands , by some estimates – who died in Beijing on 3-4 June 1989 when Communist authorities sent in troops to crush their peaceful pro-democracy demonstration .
`` I offer prayers for those who died for freedom , democracy and human rights , '' the Dalai Lama said in a statement posted on his website . .
He said Beijing should embrace mainstream democracy which `` will help China to gain the trust and respect of the rest of the world '' .
The new effort comes after a series of self-immolations in recent years , which campaigners say are a sign of increasing desperation among Tibetans . `` Obviously self-immolation is of great concern to us , '' Sangay said . `` This is a desperate act . Tibetans are giving their lives for the cause and life is precious . ''
Many of those who have killed themselves come from the eastern parts of the historical area of Tibet , outside the current Tibetan Autonomous Region .
Beijing has responded by deploying more security forces , and increasing surveillance and restrictions . It accuses the Dalai Lama of fomenting the protests but the Tibetan leadership in exile deny the charge .
`` We have urged them not to do this [ self-immolate ] but the Chinese reaction has been more repression and we are worried that this will lead to more protests in a vicious cycle , '' Sangay said .
The Dalai Lama has called the self-immolations an ineffectual form of protest , but has said they are understandable and refuses to condemn them .
Barack Obama , who met the Dalai Lama this year , and other western leaders have called on Beijing to resume talks with the Tibetan Central Administration that broke down in 2010 . But there appears to be little chance of any new negotiations on autonomy and Beijing dismissed the push for the `` Middle Way '' , which would include handing Tibetans decision-making positions in the region .
`` We advise these people to give up their attempts to separate Tibet from China , '' the foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei told a regular press briefing on Wednesday .
Robbie Barnett , a professor of modern Tibetan studies at Columbia University , said the `` Middle Way '' has made no major progress since the Dalai Lama retired from his political position , despite its backing from the US and other western governments . `` Talks are always possible , but any positive outcome would require exceptional skill and patience on the Tibetan side , and a shift in policy direction by the Chinese side , '' he said .
Sangay said that `` 50 years of disappointing legacy '' meant `` expectation is a little bit less '' , but hope remained .
Some observers have noted growing gaps between the Tibetan leadership in exile and generations born in exile .
`` A widening generational divide finds Tibetan leaders unable to resolve growing dissatisfaction among younger Tibetan , '' a US diplomatic cable from 2008 noted . `` With few professional opportunities and growing impatience with the Dalai Lama 's 'Middle Way ' , young Tibetans expressed frustration with their future prospects , '' it said .
Barnett said Tibetan leaders had failed to appease critics within the exile community who call for Tibetans to push for total independence and argue that Beijing will never agree to any concessions on autonomy or the return of exiles .
This video , by Diego Pinzón of Man On The Living Road , demonstrates how to mod an Arturia MiniBrute into a MiniBrute SE .
While the MiniBrute and MiniBrute SE have differences in design and build quality , they are essentially the same synth with slightly different firmware settings . You can transform the digital ‘ brain ' of the synth from a MiniBrute to MiniBrute SE , depending on whether you prefer a step sequencer or arpeggiator .
In the video , Pinzón demonstrates using a MiniBrute with the SE firmware mod to play the classic sequence from Pink Floyd 's On The Run . Then he discusses how he made the firmware mod . The video is in Spanish , with English subtitles .
See the Hackabrute site for details on the MiniBrute to MiniBrute SE mod . Note that mods will void your warranty .
Have you done any MiniBrute mods ? If so , share them in the comments and let us know how they worked for you !
Splash News / Corbis
One detail among the many reports emerging about Aaron Alexis , the 34-year-old man suspected of killing 12 people in a shooting at the Washington Navy Yard on Monday , stood out : he was a regular meditator .
How does someone who engages in meditation , which is supposed to focus the mind , and is often associated with efforts to diffuse violence , rather than instigate it , perform the acts that Alexis is accused of executing ? Alexis had a record of violent crime and , his father told the Wall Street Journal that his son had anger issues related to post-traumatic stress from participating in rescue efforts during the 9/11 attacks . A former boss , who met Alexis at a Buddhist temple in the Fort Worth , Tex . area , said Alexis was also a heavy drinker who came to chanting and meditation sessions regularly .
At worst , most people see meditation as flaky , boring , self-involved or harmless . But as research starts to document how it can help to fight stress , high blood pressure , addictions and many other mental and physical disorders , it 's also becoming clear that meditating is n't always so benign — particularly if it 's used against a background of existing mental illness .
As TIME reported recently :
People with depression or past experiences of trauma , for example , may find themselves feeling increasingly anxious during meditation , no matter how much they try to focus on the moment . Or they may be plagued by intrusive thoughts , feelings and images of the past during their mindfulness exercises . That 's why [ University of Washington researcher Sarah ] Bowen suggests that people with depression or trauma issues who want to benefit from meditation should try it with expert guidance . “ If you get stuck in ruts like rumination , there are ways to work with that , ” she says , “ It 's important to have teachers who are very familiar with meditation to guide you as you are learning. ” Experts can let people know what to expect and offer emotional support to help them through rough patches .
Brown University neuroscientist Dr. Willoughby Britton , who has published research demonstrating how meditation can be used in depression , is currently carrying out what she calls the “ dark night ” project , which will explore the rockier parts of the mindfulness path .
Britton was inspired to do the research in part by two patients she treated during her psychiatry residency . Both were participating in a meditation retreat had to be hospitalized for symptoms they developed during their contemplation . She later attended a retreat— and experienced for herself what it was like to follow meditation into an extreme and distressing mental state . As she described it in an online interview , “ I thought that I had gone crazy . I thought I was having a nervous breakdown . I mean I really had no idea why I was suddenly having all these…like terror was big symptom of mine . ”
She eventually learned that overwhelming anxiety , fear and emotional pain— sometimes including symptoms severe enough to merit psychiatric diagnosis— are “ actually classic stages of meditation ” that eastern practitioners are familiar with . But Western doctors and researchers who co-opted the practice and began advocating meditative techniques to treat mental illness were not studying them . They saw only the calming ability of meditation to focus the mind .
MORE : When Meditation Helps Mental Illness — And When It Hinders
Although Britton 's research is not yet published , there are enough anecdotes about such dark experiences in writings on meditation and from teachers and practitioners to suggest caution in prescribing the practice for the severely mentally ill without appropriate guidance .
While it 's impossible to know what role , if any , meditation played in Alexis ' mental states , it 's clear that most therapies and practices that are powerful enough to have positive effects are also capable of doing harm when used in the wrong way and in the wrong people .
A US army doctor faces up to three and a half years in jail after he was found guilty by a court martial yesterday of willfully missing a flight when deployed to Afghanistan because he doubts Barack Obama 's right to be president . The trial of Lt Col Terrence Lakin was a rallying point for the `` birther '' movement , conspiracy theorists who believe Obama has fraudulently taken over the presidency and is not a `` natural born citizen '' . Lakin posted a video on YouTube saying he had no choice `` but the distasteful one of inviting my own court martial '' .
On Tuesday he pleaded guilty to one of the two charges – failing to follow an order to meet with a superior and failure to report for duty at Fort Campbell , Kentucky . He pleaded not guilty to the second count , relating to missing a flight to take him to the military base , but was convicted of that charge by the military jury .
Doubts about Obama 's legitimacy to be president have swirled around the further lunatic fringes of conservatism and the right-wing blogosphere since he became a serious contender for the White House in 2008 . Prominent `` birthers '' , such as Orly Taitz , a California-based lawyer , claim that Obama was born in Kenya and that the birth certificate that Hawaiian officials possess showing that he was born in Honolulu on 4 August 1961 is a fake .
Lakin had hoped to turn his court martial into a trial over Obama 's legitimacy , but in September a military judge ruled that the president 's birth certificate was not an appropriate area for the court to consider .
At his hearing , Lakin told the jury that he had been `` praying and soul searching . I believed there was a question that needs to be answered to ensure a valid chain of command . But I had asked every question , done everything else I could short of disobeying orders , without success . ''
By Staff
Northwest Asian Weekly
Seattle has the Space Needle and the Smith Tower , the city 's guaranteed architectural treasures . But the building that is hard to overlook ? That would be the tallest building in Seattle : Columbia Center , the city 's monolithic building at 76 stories high—and it is also the tallest building in the state of Washington .
There is a recent pending agreement that Columbia Center will be purchased by Hong Kong-based Gaw Capital Partners for a reported $ 725 million , according to trade publication Real Estate Alert . The building is currently owned by Beacon Capital ; the company paid $ 621 million in 2007 according to Seattle Times archives .
Gaw Capital Partners owns 64 properties , including 19 in the United States . The company was co-founded by Goodwin Gaw and Kenneth Gaw and they have invested in the U.S. since the 1990s , according to its website .
The company also states on its website :
“ Gaw Capital Partners is a uniquely positioned private equity fund management company that focuses on global real estate markets . Specializing in adding strategic value to under-utilized real estate through redesign and re-positioning , the company has seized the windows of opportunity presented in the current real estate markets to achieve significant results in property investments and development projects covering the entire spectrum of real estate sectors , including residential development , commercial offices , retail malls , serviced apartments , and hotels . ”
The company also recently acquired a Vietnam real estate portfolio which includes buildings in Hanoi , Ho Chi Minh City , and Danang . In the U.S. their portfolio includes buildings in San Francisco . New York , Chicago , among others . Most of their current holdings are based in Hong Kong and mainland China . ( end )
Staff can be reached at info @ nwasianweekly.com .
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) — The Texas governor was throwing verbal penalty flags : 15 yards for sports league overreach . Another 15 for pigskin meddling in state policy .
“ The NFL needs to concentrate on playing football and get the heck out of politics , ” Gov . Greg Abbott crowed .
He was reacting last week to the NFL which , after Houston hosted a successful Super Bowl , issued a statement branding as possibly “ inconsistent with our values ” a proposed Texas law requiring transgender people to use the public bathroom corresponding to their birth certificate gender .
But for all his anti-football furry , Abbott did n't actually endorse the bill . He has repeatedly refrained from embracing a measure that would likely face a tough road through the Republican-controlled Legislature even if he were applauding it .
Top business organizations oppose the bill , fearing sports leagues and musicians canceling lucrative events like they did in North Carolina when that state passed a similar measure last year . Texas House Speaker Joe Straus has suggested it 's bad for economic growth . And while state Senate overseer and Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick has been its top cheerleader , the proposal has yet to even get a committee hearing — suggesting it could be a tougher upper chamber sale than previously thought .
Upping the political ante were 140-plus rock and Hollywood stars — from Sting to Emma Stone — signing a letter protesting the bill and hinting at future Texas boycotts . Abbott could have helped the proposal 's chances but settled for NFL name-calling .
The governor may yet swoop in and fully bless the bathroom bill , but the clock is ticking .
© 2017 , Associated Press , All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
This Story Filed Under
investFeed Developer Diary # 2
investFeed Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 22 , 2017
Cryptocurrency Fundamentals
One of our major commitments in 2017 was to work on optimizing the user experience on investFeed . We want to make sure that not only our social networking capabilities are enhanced , but also that our users are provided with easier ways to access and explore cryptocurrencies .
We 're pleased to announce the latest feature on investFeed : our Currencies page .
New on investFeed : Currencies Page
This new coin list allows for any cryptocurrency newcomer to explore the various coins in circulation . Whether your eyes are set on supply , market capitalization , or even volume , investFeed makes it easy to filter and find users that are looking at the same charts .
Clicking your desired cryptocurrency will then lead you to its dedicated stream page on investFeed , where you can share your thoughts with the community .
Dedicated Streams : Pre-Trading
ChronoLogic 's DAY — Pre-Trading Stream on investFeed
ChronoLogic is one of the first projects that will be featured with a dedicated stream page pre-trading .
One of investFeed 's goals is to help inform the cryptocurrency community about new and exciting projects in the space . One of investFeed 's platform features is to have a dedicated ticker page for cryptocurrency projects both with market data available and those that are also in development .
Have You Secured Your Name Yet ?
Just remember , if you have n't signed up for investFeed , you might be missing out on the opportunity to claim your desired name while it 's still available . Make sure you do n't forget to do so by signing up — only on https : //www.investfeed.com
Make sure to check out our social channels to communicate with not just the team , but the investFeed community as well . We are excited to have you onboard !
La Liga might be dominated by the 'Big Two ' of Barcelona and Real Madrid , but there 's plenty of talent throughout the country - evidenced by the fact that my team of the season consists of a small majority of players from other clubs .
Some selections were obvious ( Lionel Messi ) while others required tough decisions , and plenty of extremely good players do n't make the shortlist - Valencia fans , in particular , will be disgruntled that none of their stars are included , with prolific striker Roberto Soldado enjoying another good season .
There 's no place for Spain 's international centre-backs Gerard Pique and Sergio Ramos , while Barcelona 's world-class midfield pairing of Xavi and Sergio Busquets also miss out .
La Liga 's most inconsistent team , Sevilla , possess three very good players who missed the cut - Jesus Navas , Geoffrey Kondogbia and Alvaro Negredo - while Ruben Castro has earned plenty of admirers after an excellent season for Real Betis .
Rayo Vallecano have enjoyed a remarkable campaign on their tight budget , with the unfashionable Madrid club 's talented forward pairing of Leo Baptistao and Piti particularly catching the eye .
A number of coaches have strengthened their reputations this season , most notably Diego Simeone after leading Atletico Madrid to a third-place finish and a memorable Copa del Rey triumph over neighbours Real .
But none of the men listed above have made it into my team of the season . Here are the players who did make the cut , followed by a second-string XI :
GOALKEEPER - THIBAUT COURTOIS ( Atletico Madrid )
It 's tempting to pick Iker Casillas purely to wind up Jose Mourinho , but nobody can deny the outstanding young Belgian . Courtois has spent the last two seasons on loan at Atletico from Chelsea and his long-term future is uncertain , but he 's set to be one of the world 's top keepers for many years to come .
Did you know ? Courtois kept 20 clean sheets , eight more more than any other La Liga goalkeeper .
RIGHT-BACK - JUANFRAN ( Atletico Madrid )
Continuing the Atletico Madrid theme , Juanfran has enjoyed an excellent campaign and must be wondering what he has to do to overtake Alvaro Arbeloa for a place in the Spanish national team . He finds the perfect balance between defence and attack and has played an important part in helping Atletico to by far La Liga 's best defensive record .
Did you know ? Juanfran was involved in 19 of his side 's clean sheets this season , more than any other outfield player .
LEFT-BACK - JORDI ALBA ( Barcelona )
Alba has been a huge success in his first season at the Nou Camp after last summer 's arrival from Valencia . He looked immediately at home , and that 's no surprise because he 's a local boy who came through the famous Barça youth system before leaving for first-team football . Now he 's back and his rampaging runs are a key element of his team 's attacking play .
Did you know ? Alba made more accurate passes than any other defender in La Liga ( 1,897 ) , as well as providing five assists , a figure only two other defenders could better in 2012-13 .
CENTRE-BACK - INIGO MARTINEZ ( Real Sociedad )
Sociedad 's classy defender , who only turned 22 in mid-May , certainly has a big future . His assured performances for the San Sebastian-based club have led to him being linked with both Real Madrid and Barcelona , and he 's set to play an important part for Spain in this summer 's Under-21 European Championships .
Did you know ? Martinez netted four goals for Sociedad , a haul only three other defenders in La Liga could better .
CENTRE-BACK - MARTIN DEMICHELIS ( Malaga )
The veteran Argentina international , 32 , might be in the latter stages of his career , but he has been an inspiration for Malaga this season . Until their post-Champions League meltdown , the Andalusian club boasted the second-best defensive record in La Liga , and Demichelis 's steady consistency was the main reason why .
Did you know ? Only one player won possession with more tackles than Demichelis in La Liga 2012-13 ( 76 ) .
MIDFIELD - ISCO ( Malaga )
It has been a breakthrough season for this ridiculously talented midfielder , who will surely leave Malaga to join an elite-level team in the summer . Capable of playing anywhere across midfield , Isco is perhaps at his best in a central role , supporting the main striker and bursting into the box to shoot on goal . A major , major talent .
Did you know ? Isco was Malaga 's top scorer with nine league goals , while only six players made more passes in the final third of the pitch than him in La Liga ( 785 ) .
MIDFIELD - XABI ALONSO ( Real Madrid )
Cristiano Ronaldo might provide Real Madrid 's eye-catching attacking moments , but Alonso is the man who makes the whole team tick with his disciplined positional play and wonderful range of passing . The importance of the former Liverpool star is highlighted by the fact that many opponents choose to man-mark him in an attempt to restrict the supply to Ronaldo .
Did you know ? Alonso made more passes ( 1,840 ) , more tackles ( 89 ) and more interceptions ( 52 ) than any of his team-mates .
MIDFIELD - ANDRES INIESTA ( Barcelona )
Barça 's little wizard has been scintillating once again this season , topping the La Liga assists chart by teeing up 16 goals for his grateful team-mates . His brilliance was best encapsulated in November 's 4-0 win at Levante , where he scored a stunner and created three more with superb passes in the space of 16 remarkable minutes .
Did you know ? Iniesta provided more assists in La Liga this season ( 16 ) than any other player in the top five European leagues .
FORWARD - CARLOS VELA ( Real Sociedad )
Arsenal fans might be surprised to see their Mexican misfit in a La Liga select Xl , but Vela has enjoyed an extremely impressive campaign for surprise package Sociedad . Operating chiefly from the right wing , he has offered a combination of skill and tenacity to record 14 league goals and provide another nine assists .
Did you know ? Vela are Real Sociedad 's top scorer with 14 goals in 35 games , after managing a total of just three goals in 29 Premier League appearances for Arsenal .
FORWARD - LIONEL MESSI ( Barcelona )
Just about sneaks into the team of the season on the back of 46 league goals , 12 assists , a fourth consecutive Ballon d'Or , a record-breaking run of scoring in 21 consecutive league games and a new all-time world record for 91 goals in a calendar year . Other than that , he 's been mediocre .
Did you know ? Messi 's 46 La Liga goals is a high across Europe 's top fives leagues .
FORWARD - CRISTIANO RONALDO ( Real Madrid )
Left foot , right foot , headers , close-range tap-ins , instinctive finishing , long-range thunderbolts and trademark free-kicks ... Ronaldo has scored every conceivable type of goal after recovering from his early season 'sadness ' to enjoy another wonderful campaign . Was at his best around the turn of the year , when he scored three hat-tricks in a month .
Did you know ? Only outscored by Lionel Messi in the top five European leagues this season , Ronaldo bagged 34 goals in La Liga as well as mustering 181 shots , the most across Europe 's major leagues .
COACH - TITO VILANOVA ( Barcelona )
Atletico Madrid 's Diego Simeone , departing Malaga boss Manuel Pellegrini and Real Sociedad 's Philippe Montanier - who has now left for French side Rennes - have all enjoyed excellent campaigns , while Ernesto Valverde and Javier Aguirre deserve great credit for their respective mid-season rescue jobs at Valencia and Espanyol .
But you ca n't overlook a man who has won the title by a considerable distance ( 15 points ) in his first year as a head coach whilst undergoing a cancer operation and subsequently spending three months in New York for treatment .
Did you know ? The Barcelona boss led his side to a record-equalling 100 points in La Liga this season ( set by Real Madrid in 2011-12 ) .
Second-string Xl :
Goalkeeper : Willy Caballero ( Malaga )
Defenders : Carlos Martinez ( Real Sociedad ) , Filipe Luis ( Atletico Madrid ) , Sergio Ramos ( Real Madrid ) , Diego Godin ( Atletico Madrid )
Midfielders : Ander Herrera ( Athletic Bilbao ) , Mesut Ozil ( Real Madrid ) , Ivan Rakitic ( Sevilla ) , Patrick Ebert ( Real Valladolid )
Forwards : Radamel Falcao ( Atletico Madrid ) , Antoine Griezmann ( Real Sociedad )
A “ Driving While Black ” smartphone application is set for release this month , but its developers say motorists should be careful when they use it .
“ Do not reach for your phone when you are talking to police , ” stressed attorney Melvin Oden-Orr , who created the app with another Portland lawyer and a software developer .
Avoiding any move that could make officers think you 're reaching for a gun is just one of the tips “ Driving While Black ” offers . And despite its attention-grabbing name , the common-sense advice it offers applies to motorists of all races .
The app describes how people can assert their civil rights with officers , enables drivers to alert friends and family with a push of a button that they 've been pulled over , and includes a recording function to document the interaction .
{ snip }
The term “ driving while black ” reflects widespread frustration among African-Americans that they are more likely to get pulled over than white people , a reality confirmed in a Justice Department report last year that also found black and Hispanic drivers are more likely to be ticketed and searched than whites .
The key to surviving a traffic stop , Hyland and Oden-Orr say , is to remain calm , keep your hands on the wheel , be respectful and make no false moves .
{ snip }
Their app , which The Oregonian newspaper reported about last week , does n't provide legal advice , but it will include a directory of lawyers for drivers who believe they were wrongfully stopped or searched .
“ It 's about being safe during a traffic stop so that everyone goes home alive , ” Oden-Orr said .
Original Article
Share This
This article was originally written on June 23rd 2011 . As there was some discussion of subscription forwarding on nanomsg mailing list , I am republishing an enhanced version of the article it in this blog .
Introduction
PUB/SUB ( publish/subscribe ) is a messaging pattern used to distribute data to arbitrary number of subscribers . In context of ØMQ the focus with PUB/SUB is on scalability , ie . on ability to add more subscribers to the system without overloading it .
Minimising Network Traffic
Aside of the data distribution itself , the main design goal for PUB/SUB subsystem is to minimise the network traffic . Afterall , what PUB/SUB boils down to is multicasting which is notorious for overloading the networks . Thus , the design described herewith is based on the following requirement :
If there 's no subscriber for a particular message in a specific portion of the distribution tree the data should not even traverse associated network segments .
While the requirement seems to be self-obvious , it is often not honoured in messaging systems in use today . In most broker-based systems consumers subscribe for messages with the broker , however , there 's no way for broker to subscribe for messages with the publisher . So , even if there is no consumer interested in the message it is still passed from the publisher to the broker , just to be dropped there :
What we want to achieve instead is a system where the message nobody is interested in is dropped as soon as possible , presumably even before being sent to the network :
We also want this property to be transitive , ie . even if there are multiple intermediary nodes ( brokers , devices ) between publisher and consumer , the unneeded messages should still be dropped as soon as possible :
More generically , we want message to travel only through those lattices in the message distribution tree that lead to consumers interested in the message :
Additionally , it would be preferable to pass message through any edge of the graph once only even if there are multiple consumers down that branch of the tree . In other words , message duplication should happen as far away down the stream as possible — in this case in the node D rather than in the node P .
Subscription Forwarding
To achieve this kind of design subscriptions have to be passed to the upstream nodes so that the upstream nodes can use them to avoud sending messages to the paths where there are no interested subscribers . The property should be transitive , ie . upstream node should forward the subscription to its parent which in turn should pass it to its parent etc .
So , when consumer application subscribes to a topic the subscription , in addition to applying locally , hops up the stream until it reaches the ultimate producer ( s ) .
The technical difficulty with this model is how to pass the subscription through the intermediate devices . Recall that a device is just a pair of ØMQ sockets connected by user code . Thus , there 's no way to implement subscription forwarding in devices without user code taking part in the process . And that 's what XPUB/XSUB sockets are for .
XPUB is similar to a PUB socket , except that you can receive messages from it . The messages you receive are the subscriptions traveling upstream . XSUB is similar to SUB except that you subscribe by sending a subscription message to it .
Subscription messages are composed of a single byte , 0 for unsubscription and 1 for subscription , followed by the subscription itself , ie . the prefix we want to check the messages for .
This makes implementation of a device quite simple : Use XPUB/XSUB sockets instead of PUB/SUB , pass all the messages from XSUB to XPUB ( data flow ) and all the messages from XPUB to XSUB ( subscription flow ) :
Disconnections and Reconnections
To avoid storing stale subscriptions in individual nodes , disconnection of a peer should result in automatic generation all the relevant unsubscriptions to be passed upstream . For example , if XPUB socket has a single peer who subscribed for topic `` A '' , disconnection of that peer should result in generation of unsubscription `` A '' that will hop upstream until it reaches terminal producer ( s ) .
The other way round , when reconnection happens , XSUB socket should send all its subscriptions to the reconnected peer to reestablish the message flow . Recall that the peer ( XPUB ) have generated unsubscriptions when disconnection happened . By re-sending the subscriptions the routing tables on the publisher side are renewed and the message distribution continues to work as expected .
Message routing & filtering
Let 's assume the subscriptions are correctly distributed within the message distibution tree . Let 's now have a look at how they should be used by individual nodes to route the messages downstream .
The routing in ( X ) PUB socket is pretty straightforward : If message matches any subscription received from a particular peer , send it to that peer . Care should be taken to send the message once only even if it matches several subscriptions .
It 's less obvious whether messages should be filtered in the ( X ) SUB socket . There are three aspects to take into account :
In case of uni-directional transports such as PGM , the PUB socket does no filtering . Thus , SUB socket gets the whole feed of messages and has to filter out unneeded messages itself . When user unsubscribes from a certain topic , the unsubscription is sent upstream and once it reaches the terminal producer , the producer wo n't send any corresponding messages downstream . However , this operation takes time . In the meanwhile messages that match the no longer existent subscription keep flowing downstream . Device reads messages from XSUB socket and passes them to XPUB socket . Thus , the filtering would be done twice in a row is filtering is implemented in both XPUB and XSUB socket .
To address these problems , ØMQ filters messages in SUB socket , but not in XSUB socket .
Subscription Forwarding and Uni-directional Transports
One specific problem with the above model is that it requires bi-directional communication : data are passed one way , subscriptions are passed the other way . Thus , we have to reconcile this model with uni-directional transports such as PGM ( reliable multicast ) .
The solution at the moment is not to forward subscriptions upstream from PGM consumer socket to the PGM publisher . Additionally XPUB socket would send a `` subscribe to all '' subscriptions upstream once it is bound to PGM transport . That way every message from upstream is multi-casted and filtering happens in the XSUB socket .
This solution is clearly not minimal . Messages are passed on the network even though nobody is subscribed to them . This can be — and often is — considered acceptable with multicast transports . However , if there 's need to optimise this scenario further future work can focus on two areas :
Using IGMP as a way to pass subscriptions upstream via PGM . This would of course limit the filtering capabilities to `` subscribe to this multicast group '' instead of `` subscribe to all messages starting with this prefix '' . It should also be noted that IGMP passes subscriptions only from consumer to the network switch/router . They are n't passed any further ( from the switch to the publisher ) . Creating an additional data flow from PGM subscriber to PGM publisher ( via TCP , UDP or whatever ) thus basically turning uni-directional transport into a bi-directional one .
Subscription Aggregation
There 's is one additional scalability bottleneck with the above model .
Imagine the case of global TV broadcast over ØMQ . All the viewers are subscribing to different channels , some of them are changing channels in pretty high rate etc . If all the subscriptions were forwarded all the way up to the ultimate broadcasting server , the server would spend all its time processing subscriptions with no time remaining to broadcast the content itself . Or , more likely , it would collapse under the weight of all the ( un ) subscriptions coming in .
To make the PUB/SUB model really scalable we have to aggregate the subscriptions in such a way that subscription traffic at each lattice of the distribution tree is roughly the same .
To achieve that we can send just the diffs rather than passing each individual subscription . That way we can ensure that the subscription traffic at publisher wo n't grow exponentially with depth of the tree . The current implementation does so by eliminating duplicate ( un ) subscriptions .
Imagine an XPUB socket . Consumer connects and subscribes for messages starting with `` A '' . XPUB socket forwards the subscription upstream . Then another consumer connects and subscribes for `` A '' . This time , XPUB socket increases the reference count on it 's internal represenation of the subscription , but does n't send the subscription upstream — it 's already there so why bother ?
The other way round , when the first consumer unsubscribes or disconnects , XPUB socket decrements the reference count on the topic , but does n't forward anything upstream . There 's still the second consumer that needs the `` A '' messages anyway . Only when the second consumer disconnects as well , the unsubscription is sent upstream .
The algorithm above is clearly not optimal and can be improved in the future .
If their an `` A '' subscription , `` AB '' subscription is still passed upstream even though it is subsumed by `` A '' . We could simply drop the `` AB '' subscription and everything would work as expected . We would have to compensate for the optimisation during unsubscription from `` A '' though . Instead of sending unsubscribe ( A ) up the stream we would have to send sequence of subscribe ( AB ) and unsubscribe ( A ) .
You can imagine different optimisations to the aggregation algorithm .
However , the crucial point is that the PUB/SUB protocol is designed in such a way that the actual aggregation algorithm does n't matter . Every node in the distribution tree can use its own aggregation algorithm and the whole distribution tree would still work as expected . Hopefully , different implementations of scalability protocol can take advantage of the fact and differentiate on the basis of more or less efficient subscription aggregation algorithms .
Plugging into the Subscription Mechanism
Imagine the case where producing a message is a CPU-intensive task . Producer would like to eliminate the work in case there 's nobody interested in the message . To do that it has to be aware of the subscriptions issued by the downstream nodes .
Luckily , this is exactly what XPUB socket allows it to do . It can open an XPUB socket and start listening for the subscriptions . If a message is about to be generated , the producer will check its list of subscriptions and proceed only if there 's an appropriate subscription present .
Another scenario for plugging into subscription mechanism is creating bridges to other messaging implementations , both generic and ad hoc in-house systems .
Let 's take an example of ØMQ/AMQP bridge . The bridge can create an XPUB socket to send messages from AMQP to ØMQ . The other way round it can read the subscriptions from the socket and send them as queue.bind commands to the AMQP system :
The same way , bridges can be built to interface with other messaging systems : JMS , STOMP , PubSubHubbub , Redis etc .
Subscription Forwarding as an Local Optimisation
Conceptually , I find it useful to think of forwarding subscriptions to publishers as of an optimisation :
In the beginning you have the distribution tree , the messages flow from the publisher to each subscriber . The ultimate subscribers may choose to drop some of the messages . That 's how it 's implemented in nanomsg at the moment .
Then , some parts of the tree may implement local optimisation by subscriber letting the publisher know that it wo n't need some messages .
Looking at the problem from this point of view is pretty useful , as it allows us to think of multicast parts of the tree not as some kind of oddity , but rather fully standard nodes which happen not to implement the optimisation .
Different Matching Algorithms
Sometimes , we do n't want to match using a prefix of the message , as it is done in both ØMQ and nanomsg . Instead , we would like to match using regular expressions , SQL-like queries of whatever other matching mechanisms you can think of . This functionality was part of Crossroads ( now defunct fork of ØMQ ) and should be taken into the consideration when standardising the SP PUB/SUB protocol .
Note that treating the subscription forwarding as an optional optimisation allows the system to ignore subscriptions of unknown types and treat them as `` send me everything '' subscriptions .
Issues
There 's one fundamental problem with subscription forwarding :
PUB/SUB allows for multiple publisher/single consumer topologies .
What it means is that the subsription are sent to multiple destinations . At the same time , the mechanism for passing subscriptions has to be fully reliable ( losing a subscription is not an option as it would result in faulty business logic ) .
And as I 've tried to explain in many places reliable transmission to multiple destinations is possible only if you accept the fact that a slow/stuck/hung-up destination can cause the whole distribution tree to slow down or grind to the halt .
Obviously , we can not accept that in PUB/SUB protocol .
There were many solutions for the problem discussed , all of them badly lacking in one or an other way :
Do n't allow more that one publisher per subscriber . If there 's more than one publisher , turn the subscription forwarding off . Allow for forwarding subscriptions only one hop upstream , thus limiting the possible damage to a single tier of subscribers . One solution that are typically mentioned is `` kill the connection to the slow/hung-up publisher '' . The problem with that is the connection will be re-connected in a short time and then all the subscriptions will be resent , making the congestion situation even worse ( you can think of it as a connection-based equivalent of retransmit storm ) .
One solution that looks like it may work is to limit the number of subscriptions from a single consumer to a small number ( say 32 ) and subscribe to the full message feed if any further subscription is issued .
Conclusion
This article proposes a PUB/SUB system with minimal bandwidth requirements as it is currently implemented in ØMQ/3.0 .
The long-term goal is to reconcile this system with systems used by different messaging implementations and standardise it as an SP protocol .
Martin Sústrik , May 4th , 2014
Dearest * * * * , This is your Secret Santa speaking . Well actually this is the voice inside your head reading this letter .
Included in this box are items that may seem quite random , but in reality took weeks of preparation and research to assemble . Together they tell a story . A story about a man named * * * * who signed up for a Secret Santa on Reddit .
I present to you the following :
1 ) A highlighter- as an engineering student , you need to separate the gold from the dirt . This highlighter will help you focus on what is important in your studies .
2 ) A Carabineer-This tool is used for rock climbers to fasten ropes to their harness and scale dangerous mountainsides . Life is a lot like climbing a mountain , and this carabineer symbolizes the climb you must endeavor to reach your goals .
3 ) Mini Flashlight with built-in mini-screw set-The flashlight represtent the light at the end of the tunnel for when you graduate your program . The screws represent the technical skills you will have as an engineer to help solve the worlds problems .
4 ) Keychain-I got this for free and I thought I 'd throw this in .
5 ) Grammy Rap Nominees 2000-Unwind with the soulful yet gangsta jams from 2000 , as selected by the Grammy Award Nominations panel .
6 ) Seashell Necklace-She sells seashells by the sea shore because she 's a whore .
7 ) Vancouver 2010 sticker-Relive the 2010 games with this sticker .
8 ) Philosophy book- Take a break from all the technical science you 've been studying and expand your mind to the world of philosophical writing .
9 ) Five Four T-Shirt-Look cool and snazzy with this snappy T-shirt .
10 ) Toy Robot- This toy represents the robot you will eventuall build and engineer to take over the world .
Merry Christmas .
PS . If you get a girl knocked up there at your college out of wedlock , I will drive up there to Ol'Miss and cut off your penis .
At least now we can dispense with the charade of pretending that being the Republican nominee means that Donald Trump has suddenly transformed into something other than a left-wing Democrat . Charles Krauthammer sounds off on Trump 's proposed maternity leave entitlement :
In remarks on Fox News ' “ Special Report With Bret Baier , ” Krauthammer called the reported plan to guarantees six weeks of paid maternity leave to working women as an “ enormous new entitlement. ” “ How many Democratic parties does the country need ? We already have one , ” he said . “ What he is proposing is to out-Democrats the Democrats , ” he said . “ This is an enormous new entitlement that will blow the debt and when he says mandate –– he will mandate from Washington –– is n't that the one thing that Republicans all agree upon , the government stepping in and telling private industry what to do ? ”
But to be a Republican no longer has any meaning , because those who insist that Republican candidates believe in Republican principles have been marginalized as moral preeners and virtue signalers .
“ He says that will be paid for by taking out waste , fraud and abuse from the unemployment insurance system . If you believe that , you will believe anything , ” he added .
The “ waste , fraud , and abuse ” ploy for increased spending is a Big Government cliché so overused that it can only be interpreted as another unflattering comment by Trump on the perceived intelligence of his supporters .
Even Mark Levin , who out of terror of losing listeners claims he will vote for Donald Trump , is having a hard time choking this down :
This proposed “ safety net for new mothers ” is “ liberal-speak ” for creating a new welfare program , Levin said . “ So here we have more big-government proposals because Trump is , in his heart , a liberal with some conservative proposals. ” “ What do you think ? ” Levin asked his audience . “ I think it sucks . ”
Yes , but we are supposed to go along with it , because Trump currently has an R after his name .
This is why Shrillary would cause less damage than Trump . Ideologically ( not to mention ethically ) , they are cut from identical cloth , and would be indistinguishable one from the other on actual policy . But Shrillary would face Republican resistance . Resistance to Trump within the Republican Party has already caved .
Meanwhile , as both liberal candidates bid to outspend each other in their quest to buy our votes with our own money , the federal debt is closing in on an unsustainable $ 20 trillion .
No wonder Republicans have been privately panicking that Trump might actually win . It will mean that we have two Democrat parties , both promoting the reckless expansion of the already obscenely bloated federal government , with no recourse for the voters .
On tips from Varla , Torcer , and Jester . Graphic via Obama : The Enemy Within .
Trail of Lights is one of Austin 's most beloved holiday traditions . The event was cancelled from 2010-2011 due to city budget shortfalls , but the private sector rallied in response to the outcry from disheartened Austinites . Thanks to generous donations from major sponsors like H-E-B , KXAN , Austin-American Statesman and Seton , Trail of Lights returned last year with a flash of brilliance .
Admission continues to be free , allowing everyone to access to a memorable night of Christmas cheer . The private sector is contributing somewhere in the $ 1.5 million range to produce Trail of Lights 2013 .
If you 're a Trail of Lights veteran , there are some new features you can expect this year . If you 're planning your first visit ever , we have the information you need to get the most out of your experience .
What 's New This Year
The most important change this year is that Trail of Lights has been extended from one to two weeks . The event will run December 8-22 , 2013 from 7-10 PM daily .
Those of us who attended last year remember the crushing crowds . Visitors on the walkways past the light presentations were standing literally shoulder to shoulder . Those with strollers or wheelchairs had an even more difficult time enjoying themselves .
The extended time period this year is intended to answer last year 's difficulties , providing more safety and comfort . We 'll see how the change works – our team at the Austinot is hoping for the best !
2013 Features and Activities
Trail of Lights 2013 has a full schedule of activities for the family . Here are some of the highlights :
Preview party – Friday , December 6th
Trail of Lights 5K – Saturday , December 7th
Grand Opening with live music from Seth Walker , The Ransom Notes and more – Sunday , December 8th
Alpharev in concert – Sunday , December 15th
Santa and Elf Night – Friday , December 20th
This is only a small sampling of the special events and performances . There will be live music and dance performances all week ( The Whiskey Sisters , Vallejo , The Eggmen and more ) . See the full Trail of Lights schedule for more details .
And there 's more :
50+ light displays over 1.25 miles of trail
Zilker Holiday Tree , the tallest base-to-tip Christmas tree in the United States at 155 feet tall and 120 feet across ( tradition : hold hands with your companions underneath and spin around in a circle ! )
Food from more than two dozen local vendors , including Chi'Lantro BBQ , Hat Creek Burger Co. , Amy 's Ice Creams , Austin 's Pizza , Tapas Bravas
Souvenirs and gifts from merchants
Photo zones at scenes like Santa 's Workshop
Plan for a full evening of activities that will appeal everyone .
Tips for Your Visit
Important : Parking must be purchased online in advance ! Buy your ZiP parking pass here for $ 15 .
Parking must be purchased online in advance ! Buy your ZiP parking pass here for $ 15 . If you do n't want to park on-site , many other transportation options are available . Review them here .
Trail of Lights is offering a “ ZiP Fast Pass ” this year : early entry , front-of-line access , guaranteed seating , private restrooms and more . Definitely a way to dull the craziness , especially if you 're visiting with a large group .
Do n't forget the common sense stuff . Wear walking shoes , bring an extra jacket , and do n't forget water bottles if you do n't want to buy water at the event .
No matter what , plan for crowds and allow yourself extra time for everything . Austin loves Trail of Lights and attendance continues to increase every year . Case in point : organizers were expecting 250,000 attendees in 2012 . Instead , they got 400,000 .
Catch last minute updates by signing up for the Trail of Lights emails list .
We hope you enjoy Trail of Lights 2013 ! Upload your photos to our Facebook page and we 'll share them with the whole community !
@ QuasiBrit asks :
Do you have any Trail of Lights tips to add for first-time visitors ?
* * *
We always have unique content on the Austinot , and we love to give things away . You know , like CDs , event tickets and other cool stuff . We only send out our Best of the Austinot newsletter 2 times a month . It 's where we give you a recap of our best articles and where we give stuff away . Interested ? Subscribe to Best of the Austinot here !
All the news from lavish awards ceremony ...
ALL SAINTS surprised the pop world by scooping the Best Pop Act award at the seventh annual MTV EUROPE awards ceremony in STOCKHOLM tonight ( November 16 ) .
The award was the biggest shock of the night , with All Saints – who have been having a turbulent ride this year – only being confirmed to turn up to perform at the awards three days earlier . Shaznay Lewis paid tribute to the crew who helped them get their costumes together for their flare-clad , pristine performance of ‘ Pure Shores ' .
Ali G paid tribute to Sweden 's pop talent and contribution to movie-making as he presented the first gong of the evening accompanied by Moloko 's Roisin Murphy at Stockholm 's Globe Arena in a relatively uneventful awards ceremony .
Taking the stage to present the award for Best Male to Ricky Martin , he declared : “ I would like to thank the Swedes for making Saab 900 Turbos , Ace of Base and films with two girls sucking off a donkey. ” A bemused Ricky Martin collected his trophy from Ali G who later introduced Madonna for her performance of ‘ Music ' as “ Maradona , queen of pop , ” and added , “ she has consistently produced work worthy of masturbation ” .
Earlier declared “ a sexy bitch ” by Red Hot Chili Peppers whose Chad Smith rallied against the pop invasion during his acceptance speech by proclaiming “ How many musicians do we have here ? Do me a favour – go start a band because we need some more rock bands ! ” when they received their Best Rock Act award , Madonna was undoubtedly the woman of the night , scooping Best Female and Dance Act awards .
She turned up to sing wearing a Kylie Minogue T-shirt , then returned in a glittering red rhinestone suit to accept the award for Best Dance Act . Voice wavering slightly in the face of prolonged and rapturous applause and cheering , she thanked Mirwais for co-writing and producing tracks for her album , and also saluted “ brilliant and original ” video director Jonas Ackerlund . Ali G , who appeared in her ‘ Music ' was n't on the list of credits , however , her long-term boyfriend Guy Ritchie did mention him when he took the stage after Maddy left clutching her trophy .
Presenting the Best Video award to Moby for ‘ Natural Blues ' , Ritchie quipped that he 'd “ sort out ” the Staines menace , saying : “ You 'll be in trouble when I get hold of you for speaking about my woman like that ! ” He also congratulated Madonna on her achievements , and added : “ Big up to the missus for keeping young Rocco in nappies. ” Moby later told Radio One : “ As much as I love dance music I would n't think of ‘ Play ' as being a dance album . I think there are other artists who are more deserving of it . ”
Sharethrough ( Mobile )
As Backstreet Boys collected their award for Best Group , they took a political stance , declaring : “ On behalf all the people in Florida we demand you not to have a recount , ” referring to the current US election fiasco .
Neither Eminem nor Blink 182 were there to collect their awards for Best Album and Hip-Hop Act , and Best New Group respectively , but Blink sent three dwarves instead to receive theirs and deliver speeches on their behalf . Westlife , who won the best UK and Ireland Award , were n't there either .
Jennifer Lopez , however , made her presence mightily felt when she swooped on to the stage in a little plane !
Robbie Williams – who put on an explosive performance of ‘ Kids ' with Kylie Minogue , who arrived on a rocket and was flanked by eight-foot transvestites while they belted out the song , was all-but snubbed despite having been nominated in a whopping five categories . He received the accolade for Best Song for ‘ Rock DJ ' with bad grace , commenting : “ I think it ? s a terrible song and it 's really silly. ” But he added : “ I 'd like to thank MTV for my three houses , my five cars and my supermodel girlfriend . Live the dream ! ”
The winners are :
Best Group – Backstreet Boys
Best Female – Madonna
Best Male – Ricky Martin
Best R & B – Jennifer Lopez
Best Rock Act – Red Hot Chili Peppers
Best New Act – Blink 182
Best Pop Act – All Saints
Best Dance Act – Madonna
Best Hip Hop Act – Eminem
Best Video – Moby , ‘ Natural Blues '
Best Song – Robbie Williams , ‘ Rock DJ '
Best Album – Eminem , ‘ The Marshall Mathers LP '
Best Local acts :
Nordic : Bomfunk MCs
German : Guano Apes
Italian : Subsonic
Polish : Kazik
Spanish : Dover
UK & Ireland : Westlife
Dutch : Kane
French : Modjo
NME.COM had a sneak preview of the tonight 's awards in the shape of a couple of movies featuring interviews and video clips from all the nominated artists :
To see the nominees movie , pick your speed : | ISDN [ url= ] | Broadband
To see the local nominees movie , pick your speed : | ISDN [ url= ] | Broadband
For more info , check the MTV site by [ url= ] clicking here .
Ontario Provincial Police have laid charges against a Richmond motorcyclist who was tracked down by a handful of civilians .
Police said they received a complaint of a speeding motorcyclist on Highway 401 east of Mallorytown , a small municipality west of Brockville .
Police were able to spot the speeder and confirmed with radar that he was driving at an excessive speed , topping 170 km/h in a 100 km/h zone .
The biker ignored emergency lights and demands to pull over and he began weaving in and out of traffic in an attempt to evade police .
The male driver exited at the Mallorytown On Route rest stop where he tried to hide his motorcycle in the nearby woods and fled on foot .
However , members of the public stepped in and located the driver before he got very far and he was arrested .
Charged with dangerous driving , flight from police while being pursued , stunt driving — speeding at 170km/hr . in a posted 100 km/hr . zone — and driving a motor vehicle without a licence is Thomas Siwanowicz , 28 , of Richmond .
He was released on a promise to appear in court in Brockville on Aug. 28 .
In League of Legends , one of the world 's most popular video games , two teams of five players fight for control of a square battlefield . While each match is complex , the same patterns emerge over time .
More Below
The video above aggregates the movements of 100,000 players in 10,000 games , as recorded by a gaming site , showing over six years of cumulative player time .
The game progresses as a miniature hero 's journey : Players begin as weak characters , working in separate areas to build strength and defeat monsters . By the end of the game , superpowered heroes are fighting together in team battles .
Early Game Teams split up to gather resources . A clear line of battle is established . Mid-Game Players group for skirmishes and to complete missions like fighting the dragon . Late Game Teams fight large battles . Destroying the enemy base awards victory .
The game is won when one team destroys its opponent 's base , which usually takes 30 to 40 minutes .
Selecting from a pool of more than a hundred heroes with diverse skills , players wage pyrotechnic war as knights , robots and ninjas . At peak hours , up to eight million people are fighting to raise their rankings . Global competition is intense and , over time , specialized roles have evolved as millions of players collectively find optimal strategies .
Roles in the Game The Carry A weak hero with high potential who is `` carried '' by the team early on , until he or she is strong enough to “ carry ” the team to victory . The Support A hero who protects the carry and supports the team . The carry and the support over 10,000 games
The Mage Powerful in the mid-game , a damage-dealing champion who usually begins in the center lane . The mage 's movement
The Tank In large team battles , the tank shields the rest of the team from damage while staying on the front lines . The tank 's movement
Pay Day : See How Much Public Workers In New Brunswick Earn
Muckgers Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 15 , 2014
Ever wonder how many public employees in New Brunswick make ? Who earns the biggest salaries or which departments receive the most money ?
Earlier this summer , I received a complete list of wages given out to public sector employees for the city of New Brunswick NJ for 2013 . Unfortunately , all I could get was a PDF , which are n't really known for their ability to hold data . After using some new techniques , I put together an extensive Excel file and threw it into Tableau Public to uncover a few interesting insights .
Just a heads-up : the PDF was obtained by Charlie Kratovil of New Brunswick Today via an OPRA request . The extraction of the data and the analysis , however , is solely mine . I urge you to visit New Brunswick Today if you have n't already . They are doing some great hyperlocal journalism that you may be missing out on !
Who earns the biggest salary ?
Thomas A Loughlin III , business administrator in the Office of the Business Administrator earns the biggest salary at $ 174,654 . The next highest salary is the Director of Fire Robert C. Rawls at $ 155,054 , and then Police Captains Joseph T Miller , Vincent M Sabo and William R. Milligan each at $ 141,662 .
Hover over the circles on the chart below to view the average salary per job title .
Which departments are paid the most ?
The Division of Police was paid a total of $ 12.4 million last year in wages ( the average salary for a lower-level police officer was $ 90k ) . The second highest wage earners were those in the Division of Fire , earning $ 8 million in total wages . In fact , these departments take home about 60 % of all city wages ( not factoring in total earnings from part-time salaried employees ) .
Any other interesting tidbits ?
A lot of the current employees were hired in and after 1994 . The highest paid salaries are for employees for those who were hired in this year , which makes sense .
Oh and here 's a complete list of salaries by department .
Looking for an Excel doc ? You can download that right here .
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Tuesday that the US is not an enemy of North Korea and that `` We do not seek a regime change , we do not seek the collapse of the regime , we do not seek an accelerated reunification of the peninsula , we do not seek an excuse to send our military north of the 38th parallel . '' He also said that China is not to blame for the current North Korean situation . Tillerson 's words are in contradiction to the increasingly harsh rhetoric against Pyongyang from US authorities.On the same day , Republican Senator and a hawk Lindsey Graham told the media that President Donald Trump had told him that he would rather go to war to destroy North Korea than allow it to develop a long-range nuclear-armed missile.Many Americans would think Tillerson is showing weakness , but we see his statement as the most courageous expression from Washington regarding the Korean Peninsula issue.The US has overwhelming military and political advantages over North Korea . It believed imposing pressure on Pyongyang would make it surrender . But even when the Korean Peninsula has been dragged into crisis and the outdated US military threat is no longer effective , Washington refuses to adjust its policies.Recently , the US has piled pressure on China , treating it as a shortcut to solve the North Korean nuclear issue . But since the US military threat can not deter North Korea 's nuclear and missile programs , how can China 's sanctions bring any miracles ? Washington should reflect upon its North Korea policies and make due adjustments . While it exerts pressure on North Korea , it should leave some alternatives for Pyongyang and make it believe that abandoning its nuclear and missile programs will do more good than insisting on this path.Pyongyang cares about security the most , but the US has always refused to grant any security promises to it . Washington has never hidden its hostility toward Pyongyang . The US and its allies such as South Korea and Japan are willing to see the collapse of the North Korean regime and seem to be working to this end . North Korea 's sense of insecurity is much worse than any threat the US feels from North Korea 's nuclear and missile development.Washington should show goodwill to Pyongyang , not through diplomatic rhetoric , but through sincere actions . The US and South Korea should respect the national path North Korea has chosen and help North Korea remain stable and develop its economy . When Pyongyang can feel this goodwill , it will have fewer motives to develop nuclear and missile technology.South Korea should play a constructive role in bridging the gap between the US and North Korea . It need not worry about being marginalized once relations between the US and North Korea ameliorate.It is difficult to build up trust between the US , South Korea and North Korea , and dismantling Pyongyang 's determination to become a nuclear state ca n't be achieved in just one move . As long as confrontation between North Korea and the US exists , Pyongyang will not change its course on developing nuclear weapons and intercontinental ballistic missiles.The denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula is the common wish of many countries . Political courage is required if they are to stick to this goal .
The Restoration of Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
My journeys have taken me to some strange places , ranging from the creepiness of an abandoned lunatic asylum , to the quiet , vast emptiness of a forgotten chapel , but nothing quite like the abandoned home of a former professional boxer . After being arrested here in 2013 it was nice to make a return trip , thankfully not ending in a $ 280 fine , to finally photograph the very odd forgotten structure of Mike Tyson 's abandoned 1980s mansion .
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Now retired , the once undisputed heavyweight champion of the world , Mike Tyson , otherwise known as Iron Mike , still holds a record for being the youngest boxer to win the WBC , WBA and IBF heavyweight titles at only 20 years old . Mike Tyson became a very opulent man , even if for just a moment before spending his money on multiple mansions , drugs and living a wild party-filled lifestyle , which eventually led to him filing bankruptcy in August of 2003 .
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
In his early years of fame and riches , Tyson decided to purchase a mansion on land in Southington , Ohio , where he lived during the 1980s . To many , this would seem like quite a random placement to build a multimillion-dollar mansion , but it put him not far from one of his trainers . The mansion was decked out with crystal chandeliers , a pool larger than most homes , tiger print carpet and everything else necessary to make it the epitome of a 70s/80s party pad .
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
In March of 2011 , Tyson appeared on The Ellen DeGeneres Show , speaking of how he had been living a sober and drug free lifestyle for the past two years prior , happy that it has helped improve the quality of his life . Not long after , in August of 2013 he admitted to the public that he had lied about a newfound sobriety and was practically on the verge of death due to alcoholism . Only a few months later , Tyson appeared on Fox News , admitting to finally making progress in a now truly sober lifestyle . Tyson said that he believed being in the company of good people has made him want to turn his life around for the better .
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
On a cold winter day , current owners granted me permission to access the property to photograph its current condition of decay and neglect . I was able to speak with them , learning that the house was soon to become a lively church and how they planned to carry out this restoration . As I wandered the halls and rooms of this large vacant space , I could only imagine the wild parties that must have taken place within these walls . There I stood , looking across a living room that was once full of life , but now remains empty of parties , tigers or celebrities . It was odd to think that I was staring down a place the famous Mike Tyson once called home .
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
The mansion has sat abandoned for years as multiple individuals have made attempts to purchase and reuse the property , always ending in failure . Finally , come December of 2014 the property was purchased by a church with big plans to bring it a brand-new life , now beginning to make big moves toward their vision in 2015 . I 've seen a few restorations throughout my work as a photojournalist , but nothing so contrasting as this , and I can definitely say that I 'm excited to document the ongoing restoration throughout the year , seeing it brought back to life .
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
The group plans to renovate Tyson 's former home into the “ Living Word Sanctuary. ” They would even like for Mike to attend the first gathering inside the churches sanctuary . Who knows , maybe this could happen ? All I can do is hope to help by sharing this story far and wide , maybe bringing his attention to this matter . It could be quite an experience for him walking through his former home , seeing it brought to a completely different light .
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Mike Tyson 's Abandoned Mansion Ohio
Very often , I 'm asked what gear I use for my photography , videography , etc . Questions ranging from what type of camera/cameras I use , what lenses I use , backpacks , memory cards , even what type of laptop I recommend , or what type of introductory camera I recommend…all that stuff , and more !
Well , of course I love to recommend camera gear or adventure gear that I trust and love , so at the end of each post I create here on my blog , I like to give a bit of a run-down on gear I use almost all the time !
So here it is ! My entire ( or most of it ) list of photography/editing/adventure gear that I use .
My Camera ( Sony a7riii ) – https : //amzn.to/2AFtzQv
Alternative Camera – https : //amzn.to/2VHjR9h
Theta 360 Camera – https : //amzn.to/2CaRwzm
Sandisk Memory Cards – https : //amzn.to/2SN5sX6
Sony 16-35 4.0 – https : //amzn.to/2HgLFhN
Zeiss 55 1.8 – https : //amzn.to/2SK4Dys
Zeiss 85 1.8 Batis – https : //amzn.to/2SNRQLm
Laowa 12mm 2.8 Zero-D – https : //amzn.to/2AESLXD
My Favorite Backpack – https : //amzn.to/2RKTi44
Tripod 1 – https : //amzn.to/2SKxxON
Tripod 2 – https : //amzn.to/2M2gUM6
MSI Laptop ( great for editing , & much more ) – https : //amzn.to/2shGfZn
My e-books – https : //amzn.to/2Bumcwo
Hardcover books and prints available at – www.oddworldstudio.com
Yes , those links above are all affiliate links to Amazon , so yes I do get a very small percentage if you make a purchase through one of them . This helps me keep this blog up and running !
Jul 26 , 2015 ; Toronto , Ontario , CAN ; Recording artist Kanye West performs during the closing ceremony for the 2015 Pan Am Games at Pan Am Ceremonies Venue . Mandatory Credit : Jeff Swinger-USA TODAY Sports
Kanye West is reportedly back doing what he does best , working on a new album . He is finding inspiration in the mountains .
If you 're not excited about this news , then you came to the wrong place . Kanye West has been rumored to be working on a new album and has already spent a good amount of time doing so .
Not only does this excite me because I love his music , but it also means he is in a better place — mentally .
Several reports have stated that he is at a remote location in Wyoming on top of a mountain . It 's a nice place to find inspiration for an artist who is known to record in unique , remote places . I can only imagine what kind of music he will offer .
Taking a look at his last two albums — Yeezus ( 2013 ) and The Life of Pablo ( 2016 ) — they are n't exactly similar in a lot of ways . Not only are the sounds different — with Yeezus being a lot more aggressive — but the locations he recorded them in are different , as well .
For The Life of Pablo , it was mainly recorded in New York , California , Italy , Mexico and Canada . Yeezus was mostly recorded in Malibu — and about half of album was recorded in a couple of hours . Not to mention , Kanye West went against tradition with Yeezus , breaking his no media rule and holding an interview before he released it .
Want your voice heard ? Join the Wake-Up Mr. West team ! Write for us !
As for the album he 's currently working on , not much is known other than he is up in the mountains doing his thing . He has made two trips to the ‘ resort , ' each of them one week long . I definitely ca n't wait to hear more about it .
I mean , do n't forget it was My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy was produced while Kanye was living in a Hawaii mansion with other musical collaborators .
With this recent news , I just hope Kanye West can start to get back to his normal public self soon . I remember he once said , “ You wan na know what calms me down more than anything ? Success . ”
Which of Kanye 's current albums do you think his new album will sound most like ? Leave your thoughts below !
Donald Trump said he would force the people of Mexico to build his vowed border wall to keep immigrants out of the United States , warning that if his order was not fulfilled , he would do something “ severe . ”
When asked how he might force the country to build this wall , Trump said in an interview that aired on CNN 's “ State of the Union ” Sunday , “ you force them because we give them a fortune . Mexico makes a fortune because of us . A wall is a tiny little peanut compared to that . I would do something very severe unless they contributed or gave us the money to build the wall . ”
The 2016 presidential candidate added : “ I 'd build it . I 'd build it very nicely . I 'm very good at building things . ”
Related : How will Donald Trump affect debate stage ?
Trump also doubled – or more like quadrupled – down on his controversial remarks about Mexican immigrants , saying they are n't just “ bad , ” but that they 're “ really bad . ”
“ You have people coming in , and I 'm not just saying Mexicans , I 'm talking about people that are from all over that are killers and rapists and they 're coming into this country , ” he said .
Trump prefaced by saying that he likes – no , loves – Mexico and its people , as he has for the past several days . “ But you have people coming through the border that are from all over . And they 're bad . They 're really bad , ” he said .
CNN host Jake Tapper said the Mexican government found those comments to be “ prejudicial and absurd ” – that Trump is “ painting [ Mexicans ] with a very broad brush as rapists and criminals , ” as Tapper described . Trump responded by saying that it 's not necessarily Mexicans , “ they 're coming from all over , ” he said .
Trump 's incendiary remarks – first delivered during his GOP presidential campaign announcement , and repeated in the days following , caused behemoth Spanish-language TV network Univision to drop its partnership with the Miss Universe Organization , which Trump co-owns the rights to . Trump said he plans to sue the company for breaking what he 's called an “ iron-clad ” 5-year $ 13.5 million contract with him . NBC Universal ( which is also msnbc.com 's parent company ) , also owns rights to the Miss Universe show .
Related : Donald Trump lashes out at Univision in strongly-worded letter
Trump has seen a recent surge in polls , currently landing a second place spot just behind Republican Jeb Bush . The latest Suffolk poll in New Hampshire showed Trump with 11 % support ; Bush led with 14 % . Then , a Fox News poll echoed the lineup . “ Support for Trump more than doubled since his announcement and that catapults him into the top tier at 11 % , ” the Fox analysis read .
Asked by Tapper whether his run is just about promoting his brand , as many have criticized , Trump said , “ I 'm giving up hundreds of millions of dollars to do this . I 'm giving up a prime-time television show … I 'm in it to win it . ”
15 ( 3 * 5 ) players from this Round plus top-4 our previous season evil , pavel_ , dem0n , _ash and plus invited Av3k will play 2nd Group Round :
four groups of 5 players in each ( 2 pass in each group ) , bo3 matches
18 March – Group A2
19 March – Group B2
20 March – Group C2
21 March – Group D2
After that , top-8 from 2nd GR will play Playoff Round , bo5 matches
25 March – 28 March – 1/4 final
29 March – 1/2 finals , 3th place match and Grand Final
Aerowalk , Blood Run , Campgrounds , Furious Heights , Hektik , Lost World , Silence
1st place 15000RUR ( ~ $ 500 )
2nd place 7500RUR ( ~ $ 250 )
3th place 3000RUR ( ~ $ 100 )
4th place 2000RUR ( ~ $ 67 )
5-8 places 1000RUR ( ~ $ 33 )
The Qualification Round of 125 FPS March League is finished , and we start 1st Group Round.Five groups ( with 6 players in each ) will playmatches from 11th till 15th March , 3 players from every group will pass to the next stage.UPD : 2nd group stage post Yavich , Nico , Rell , Xron ( search on IRC or write to admin @ 125fps.com Groups C , D , E will be streamed by Zoot and Zerg . Group E by Pyton . btw any streamers - welcome ! Stats // # 125fps
As antigovernment protests continue to roil in Turkey , onlookers in nearby Azerbaijan are watching with a mix of solidarity , envy , and denial.Part of the interest is familial : Azerbaijan shares strong linguistic and cultural ties with its big-brother neighbor to the west.But for many Azerbaijanis who have struggled to bring their own nascent protest movement to life in a chilly election-year climate , the Turkish protests have added significance . `` I feel so sorry for Azerbaijan , '' wrote one young Azerbaijani journalist who is avidly following events in Turkey on Facebook . `` Due to our own passive political life , and a society that does n't advance , young people are living through the lives of their neighbors . `` Many Azerbaijanis have shared photographs that emphasize the passion of the demonstrators , who have turned out in the tens of thousands in a number of cities since Istanbul police cracked down on a peaceful protest on May 31.Many of the images -- including famous actors joining in the protests and sweeping overhead shots of the massive street demonstrations -- are currently unimaginable in Azerbaijan , where even small protests are routinely broken up and their participants jailed.But others have focused on the brutality of the Turkish police , who have used tear gas , water cannons , and clubs with little restraint in fighting back the protests in Istanbul , Ankara , Izmir , and elsewhere.The images of bloodied journalists and police spraying tear gas at point-blank range are certain to be a PR liability for Turkey.Ankara has sought for years to position itself as a regional power broker straddling the Western and Muslim worlds , despite a rights record that shares many of the same flaws evident in Azerbaijan -- particularly when it comes to political prisoners and the detention of journalists.Reporters Without Borders this year referred to Turkey as `` the world 's biggest prison for journalists , '' with 72 mainly Kurdish media personnel in detention . The same report gave Azerbaijan a scathing review.But it is Azerbaijan and its autocratic president , Ilham Aliyev , who have consistently drawn the most criticism for their lockdown government policies , particularly in the wake of protester arrests in Baku and Ismayili earlier this year.Azerbaijani authorities , who have used tear gas and water cannons to deter their own homegrown protests , have already sought to capitalize on the heavy-handed Turkish protest crackdown as an opportunity to cast their own tactics in a less objectionable light.Aydin Mirzazade , an Azerbaijani lawmaker , this weekend expressed surprise at the use of violence in self-described democratic countries , and said Azerbaijani society regretted that Turkey had found no better way to communicate with protesters than through `` the language of police . `` Mirzazade , who also noted the German shutdown of a May 31 anticapitalist protest in Frankfurt , went on to call for equal standards across the board . `` It is unacceptable that the incidents in Azerbaijan become the object of condemnation while they themselves use force in their country in a more severe form , '' he said .
Brexit may never happen because of the difficulties it will cause , according to Sir Vince Cable , the next Lib Dem leader .
The former business secretary , who is the only candidate to replace Tim Farron as head of the pro-EU party , said he was beginning to think Britain would never leave the EU – especially if the economy crashes .
Lib Dems may back government on case-by-case basis , say sources Read more
“ There is an imminent issue , which is whether the government continues to pursue the so-called hard Brexit – leaving the customs union and single market . We have got to work with other people . We did last week – there was a motion in parliament led by some Labour MPs [ that ] we supported , to try to head off that disastrous outcome . ”
He told the BBC 's Andrew Marr Show that “ the whole question of continued membership will once again arise ” if people saw their living standards suffer and unemployment increased . A recent Survation poll suggested 53 % of people would back a second referendum on whether to accept the terms of the final Brexit deal , with 47 % opposed .
“ I 'm beginning to think that Brexit may never happen , ” he said . “ The problems are so enormous , the divisions within the two main parties are so enormous I can see a scenario in which this does n't happen . ”
Cable also invited “ refugees ” from Labour to join the Liberal Democrats , arguing that Jeremy Corbyn 's popularity could fall when younger voters realise how strongly he backs Brexit .
“ [ Corbyn ] is very pro-Brexit , and a hard Brexit , and when that becomes apparent the divisions in the Labour party will become more real and the opportunity for us to move into that space will be substantial , ” the MP for Twickenham argued .
He claimed supporters of Corbyn were trying to “ expel ” 49 unsupportive MPs , referring to list published on a local Facebook page of the leftwing Momentum group , but which was disavowed by the national leadership .
“ We have a generous policy to refugees and if they come they will get food and accommodation , ” Cable said . “ I do n't know what will happen , it 's a symptom of very , very deep division . ”
Cable said he backed higher tax rises than the 1p proposed in the Lib Dem manifesto , saying increases were needed to avoid more cuts to public spending and continue to target a balancing of the books .
He was recently criticised for claiming Theresa May 's rhetoric on “ citizens of nowhere ” was like something from Hitler 's Mein Kampf . But Cable said he had accidentally compared her to the wrong murderous dictator : “ I got my literary reference wrong – I think it was Stalin who talked about ‘ rootless cosmopolitans ' . ”
In An Ever-Changing Music Industry , Cash For Hits Remains A Constant
Enlarge this image toggle caption Hulton Archive/Getty Images Hulton Archive/Getty Images
As long as there has been a music industry , there have been attempts — both overt and clandestine — to manufacture hits . You can look as far back as the early 20th century , when musicians known as `` song pluggers '' were paid to promote sheet music .
During radio 's golden age , commercial brands often produced and underwrote live broadcasts , says media historian Cynthia Meyers .
`` There were no advertisements during the music program , '' Meyers says . `` They hoped that the audience would feel very favorably toward them for financing free radio programming . ''
Television took off in the '50s , taking with it sponsors and stars . But radio remained vital thanks to disc jockeys like Alan Freed , who introduced audiences to new music — including rock 'n ' roll .
As DJs became influential tastemakers , record labels plied them with cash payments and gifts in exchange for airplay . Media reports of these operations eventually led to congressional hearings . Hundreds of DJs were implicated and Freed was eventually fired and fined .
In 1960 , Congress amended the Federal Communications Act to require that pay-for-play arrangements be disclosed on the air . But record labels quickly found workarounds , using independent radio promoters as middlemen to covertly fund airplay , contests , and giveaways .
`` When you think about it , '' Meyers says , `` the music industry was buying airtime just as brands were buying airtime , in order to promote their product , which was music recordings . ''
Things continued to change in the 1990s , when the consolidation of the radio industry `` corporatized '' payola , according to Kevin Erickson of the nonprofit Future of Music Coalition .
`` When we talk about payola , people have an image of somebody sliding a briefcase full of cash to a DJ , '' Erickson says . `` That Alan Freed model 's not really how it works anymore . ''
Today , large media companies own most major-market radio stations . Payola investigations in the mid-2000s led to multimillion-dollar settlements by several major label conglomerates , as well as four of the nation 's largest radio station owners . Now , a new model of brand sponsorship has supplanted label-funded payola .
The launch video for Dr Pepper 's `` One of a Kind Sound '' series . YouTube
Dr Pepper 's `` One of a Kind Sound '' is a series of artist promo spots , designed by the tech start-up Music Audience Exchange to look and sound like pre-release album teasers . CEO Nathan Hanks says this approach allows major brands to reach specific demographic targets , all while less well-known bands gain valuable exposure .
`` Artists are calling us months in advance , and they 're thinking about these partnerships as the marketing strategy for the single or for the album , '' Hanks says .
On an even larger scale , Pepsi launched `` The Sound Drop . '' It 's a partnership with MTV , Shazam , and iHeartMedia — formerly Clear Channel Communications , the country 's largest radio station owner . The Sound Drop spotlights artists who are already on major labels and in rotation on iHeart Radio .
`` It 's not a traditional spot , '' says Emma Quigley , Pepsi 's head of music . `` It goes deeper because it 's telling you a story . ''
Sound bites from the artist are woven together with audio clips of the song being pushed , and aired on all of the iHeart stations playing that format . All told , the 30-second spots air from 80,000 to 110,000 times over a two-week period — and that 's in addition to regular airplay of the single .
`` We work with iHeartRadio at a pivotal time in the cycle of the single , '' Quigley says , `` to connect the dots between the single that 's on air and in rotation and the artist themselves . ''
There is also a longer mini-documentary for each artist , hosted on Pepsi 's YouTube channel . The only part of the campaign that resembles a conventional commercial is the banner ads Shazam runs on its app . Quigley insists that The Sound Drop is n't advertising under the guise of entertainment .
`` We 're not advertising anything , '' she says . `` We are basically amplifying an artist so fans can find out more about that artist . That 's it . There 's no , 'That ad 's running , they have to play the track after the ad , ' or anything like that . It 's very clear that The Sound Drop is a Pepsi-owned platform . But the star of that platform is the artist and that song . ''
The approach seems to be working : Pepsi 's first artist , Lukas Graham , just picked up three Grammy nominations , including song and album of the year .
Maher : Obama 'too white ' for libs
Seems like , everywhere you look , comedians are apologizing for offensive jokes about the day 's news .
Not Bill Maher .
Story Continued Below
“ You 're not going to find me apologizing , ” Maher told POLITICO . “ I have been doing this for so long and , having gone through so many tribulations , including the firing , I 'm inoculated . I 've been through this . You can not scare me anymore . I 'm playing with the house money , and I 'm not going to apologize . ”
( PHOTOS : Bill Maher 's 15 fiercest GOP jabs )
The host of HBO ” s “ Real Time , ” which returns from its summer hiatus tonight , has found himself , his comedy and his opinions in the spotlight more than ever before , thanks , in part , to having inserted himself into the political process in a major way . In February , Maher contributed $ 1 million to Prioritize USA Action , a super PAC supportive of President Barack Obama 's reelection . As a result , he 's been billed as a campaign operative of sorts , and , accordingly , the White House has even had to field questions about Maher and the appropriateness of some of his remarks .
Deterred ? Hardly . Maher 's putting his foot on the gas pedal .
About Obama , he told POLITICO : “ In many ways — especially for progressives — [ Obama ] is too white for them . He plays golf , he 's too cozy with bankers . But when it comes to knowing how to fight , he 's black ” — referring to the tough campaign Obama is running against the Republicans .
( PHOTOS : 18 'wars ' on [ fill in the blank ] )
About Paul Ryan , Maher says : “ He 's not an intellectual . They said the same thing about Newt Gingrich . Somehow Newt Gingrich and Paul Ryan — these giant intellectuals — somehow they had the same great idea : Give more money to the rich people . What 's his big idea ? Rich people should stop paying taxes and poor people should start looking for food in the woods . Can you name one area where he and Sarah Palin disagree on anything ? So how come he 's this giant intellectual ? The Ryan budget is a budget in the way that my doodle on a cocktail napkin is a blueprint for NASA . ”
Maher says he finds the increased scrutiny that he 's now facing rather humorous .
“ Part of it is that anytime somebody on the right says something that garners controversy , they want to have a false equivalency , ” said Maher . “ So I 'm an easy guy to trot out . It 's never equivalent , of course . But that 's the game they play . ”
And it 's a game that means more publicity for Maher .
( PHOTOS : Romney and Ryan , BFFs )
“ It certainly does n't hurt me , ” said Maher . “ I know that Fox News is obsessed . Sean Hannity is obsessed . I should get a f—-ing restraining order , he 's practically stalking me . I pull fewer punches and therefore they have more fodder to work with . I think it 's a symbiotic relationship . ”
Still , Maher finds the current environment for his brand of edgy political humor to be a frightening one .
The
is expected to vote on a set of new
parade rules this morning . I 'll be covering the discussion and voting in the comment stream below . If you have any particular questions or concerns , leave a note . I 'll try to address them . If you are on a mobile device ,
be sure to scroll down and tap the `` View/Post Comments '' bar so you can see the updates .
The rules currently on the table are backed by Mayor Mitch Landrieu and enjoy wide support among council members . They would forbid :
Throwbacks ( tossing throws back to the floats ) , subject to a fine of $ 250 .
Chaining ladders together .
Placing ladders closer than 6 feet to the curb .
Roping off private areas .
Selling `` snap pops '' and stink bombs .
Riding the exterior of a vehicle in a parade .
The placing of private portable toilets in the public right of way , including neutral grounds .
The placing of tents , grills and other personal items in the public right of way .
There 's no telling exactly when the Mardi Gras package of ordinances will come up , so check back periodically . Best guess is between 11 a.m. and noon .
The proposed rules are aimed at making revelry on the routes safer and more fun . They would , among other things , forbid roping off private areas in the neutral ground and require ladders and other personal items to be set back at least six feet from the curb .
by Dave Lo on May 31 , 2014
If a card is a standard staple , and an eternal staple , the price will drop a little .
If a card is a standard staple , and not an eternal staple , the price will drop significantly .
If a card is not a standard staple , but it is an eternal staple , the price will not move much at all .
If a card is not a standard staple , and not an eternal staple , the price probably wo n't move much at all , but it probably was n't worth much in the first place ..
Legacy Playables
Modern Playables
Casual Playables
Chromatic Lantern is $ 2 solely off of Commander .
Trostani , Selesnya 's Voice sees little play in standard , and a bit more in Commander . She 's at $ 2 and will probably stay there for a while .
Worldspine Wurm is holding at $ 2 off of virtually no Legacy and Modern play at all . Like Gideon , Champion of Justice though , I 'm on the fence about him because of just how little they 're played in Commander . I 'm estimating small or no drops here .
Aurelia , the Warleader is holding at $ 3 as Prime Speaker Zegana is holding at $ 2 . They 've both got a little Commander play and virtually no competitive play , so they probably wo n't drop much .
At $ 3.50 , Master Biomancer is a tough call . He gets a little Commander play , and a bit less Standard and Modern play . He 'll probably fall to $ 2-3 .
Progenitor Mimic is almost strictly a Commander card and will do fine .
I think Master of Cruelties was too overcosted to really be playable in Standard . He 's seen a little play in Commander so he 'll survive without too much of a loss though .
Sell ! Sell ! Sell !
Jace , Architect of Thought has been in the $ 4-5 range for a bit with a lot of standard gas . Expect him to drop a couple bucks as his eternal play just is n't enough . Boros Reckoner is in the same boat .
Vraska the Unseen has been hovering at just under $ 3 but just does n't have the gas in Commander to keep that up . She 'll probably be in the dollar bin by year end .
Nightveil Specter has seen a wild ride . As Monoblue Devotion and Monoblack Devotion became the tier 1 standard decks , he spiked a lot , but has been falling over time . He 's already down to $ 3-4 and sees very little play in eternal . Blood Baron of Vizkopa will follow him on the way down .
I wanted Ral Zarek to bring back Legacy Stasis , but if it has n't happened yet , it probably wo n't . He 's got a little Commander and Modern play but not enough .
Legion 's Initiative is a card I wanted to love . I cracked this and Aurelia , the Warleader for some crazy shenanigans at the prerelease . Prepare for the bulk bin though .
Savageborn Hydra is interesting . I 'd expect him to do a lot better in Commander decks , but he 's just not there . Move him if you 've got him . Pick him up in the bulk bin later if you want him .
When to Buy Again
As a data geek , and the guy who runs MetaMox , lots of people are asking me when to dump their Return to Ravnica Standard staples . Basically you 're weighing how much you want to play a card versus how much they 're going to drop in price . If you have n't already started dumping them , get moving before they 're worth nothing . Look back at Innistrad or Scars where they start falling somewhere in April through June and bottom out usually by October . The real question is WHAT you should be moving.From econ 101 , we know that price is a function of demand divided by supply . On rotation , the supply is static , but the demand plummets IF the card was previously a staple in standard , EVEN IF the card is played in eternal formats . Here are the corollaries : Not all eternal formats are equal though . Legacy players tend to be a little older and often have real jobs that enable them to afford $ 250-300 on a single Underground Sea . In other words , a few event finishes in a Legacy event can drive the price of a card far more than any other format . That 's not to say that Commander and casual demand does n't affect prices . MTG has millions of players in the US alone . This is why a card like Doubling Season is unplayed in any format other than Commander , but after 2 Modern printings is still a $ 14 card . Vampiric Tutor is in the same boat with 2 Legacy printings at ~ $ 22 . Lightning Greaves is a great example where it only gets some fringe competitive play in Legacy MUD and Modern Zur , and with 4 Modern printings still maintains a $ 4 price tag because it 's the third most played card in Commander . Deathrite Shaman will take a small hit as Standard Dredge became a thing , driving up demand a little , and that demand will die off when RTR rotates . He was a Modern powerhouse that kept Jund at the top for so long , and he 's currently the 5th most played card in Legacy . He lost some Legacy gas when American Trueblade took over the meta , but now that Deathblade is back on top , he 's recovered some lost ground . He even sees a little play in Commander . If you 're not playing him in Legacy , move him , but if you are , it 's not going to be worth moving him . Abrupt Decay is played a lot more in Standard and a bit less in eternal formats . It 'll take a slightly bigger loss , but will still hold some value after rotation . Similarly , move it if you 're not using it , but keep it if you are . Supreme Verdict will drop a bit just like Snapcaster Mage and Geist of Saint Traft did , but because it 's not a $ 20 card , the drop will only be a couple bucks . It 's played in Legacy and Modern , but the supply stays the same while the demand plummets on rotation . If you have one or two and you play Modern/Legacy , it might not be worth moving to have to pick it back up again soon , but if you have more , or do n't play eternal , move them . On a side note , ignore Geist of Saint Traft 's pricing from November 2013 onwards as a basis for most modeling . His priced used to be propped up a lot because of his solid demand in Legacy , but True-Name Nemesis practically removed him from the format . Shocks are heavily played in Standard and they see some decent play in Modern . They 're practically unplayed in Legacy though . On rotation , all those non-mono standard decks running 4-8 wo n't need them anymore . They 'll fall to $ 3-5 each , and slowly climb over time , exactly as fastlands and checklands did . Definitely do n't keep more than a playset . If you 're interested in seriously playing Modern , dump now , and start re-acquiring in late October . Make sure you have a full playset before mid January 2015 when speculators start bringing prices up for the wind-up of Modern season . That November - December 2014 window will probably have the lowest price for shocks until they 're reprinted in `` Ravnica , Thrice Visited '' when you 're showing your currently unborn daughter how to play magic . Voice of Resurgence is a staple in both Modern and Standard . When he rotates , all those Standard decks wo n't need him anymore , and he wo n't have $ 19 worth of demand It 'll drop significantly by year end , just like Snapcaster Mage and Geist of Saint Traft . Unless he 's reprinted or the Modern meta shifts significantly , he 'll probably make up some ground when Modern season picks back up again in early 2015 though . Sphinx 's Revelation , and Domri Rade are in similar positions , some with Commander play . Dump them if you can , and pick them back up early 2015 for half the price.These cards see little or no play in standard , but decent or substantial play in Commander . Their price will probably hold or drop negligibly.Obzedat , Ghost Council is a $ 6 card based largely off of its standard presence . It 's still played in Commander though , so I 'd place it at $ 2-3 or so by year end.Everything else will drop to a couple bucks ( or less ) because they just do n't have the eternal demand . We 're talking : Not all is lost on Return to Ravnica though . As I said above , some of these cards see play in Legacy , Modern and Commander . Most will have bottomed out by late October , and you can start picking them back up then . Cards that are playable in Modern should be picked back up by the end of January before everyone jumps back in for Modern season .
I first met Kate in 2011 , when we both joined Pizza Island , a shared studio space in Brooklyn , and of course I adored her immediately . Kate 's the real deal ( as if you could have any doubt ) . Whenever I move , her books are the ones I put in the “ I need these right away ” box : they 're funny , educational , and comforting to reread over and over . I was thrilled to catch up with Kate and talk about her new book Step Aside Pops and other important matters .
Hi Kate ! How 's your day going so far ?
It 's going pretty good ! I 'm at my parents ' place and dad made me a big mug of instant coffee—not the crappy kind , but Taster 's Choice , which he considers the good stuff . So I 'm drinking the good stuff .
It makes me happy whenever I hear you 're at your parents ' place . Your family is adorable , I 'm always greedy to read more comics about them .
I love them a lot . They do n't complain about my comic chronicles , god love ‘ em .
Your new book is just as funny and joyful as your debut , and I like how you 're playing with the format more : sketchy/expressive pencil drawings , riffs on old-timey images . What helps you determine how to execute an idea ?
Advertisement
The format changes happened because I needed to shake things up after a while ; I needed to stretch some new muscles . You have to trust your own senses . If something seems more funny in one way than another , make it that way . I think that if you 're not enjoying it or engaged in it , it 's not going to be good anyway . You have to like what you 're doing . If it 's a joyless chore , chuck it .
How have your tastes or interests changed in the last few years , if at all ?
They have changed . Because of : now I am OLD . I do n't know if they have changed intrinsically , but I think they have sharpened and become more defined . I think they become less crass . I think that happens to everyone really though—except like , Adam Sandler .
Advertisement
I just want Adam Sandler to get some nice shoes and go to a tailor , for starters . That blue suit from Punch Drunk was n't too bad - does he still have that ?
He can afford some nice shoes ! Adam Sandler makes me think of grade six boys reciting “ Piece of Shit Car ” on the school steps and trying to mosh . Grade six boys are so hard .
How does it feel to be an OLD so far ? I 'm personally enjoying the wisdom part . I feel more and more like a witch with some intel .
Advertisement
Being old is great because you 're more sure of yourself in almost every way . I feel like after university , I was one of those people who threw themselves into work to pay their loans and kept pushing in fear of things not working out . So sometimes I wonder if I missed out on some essential carefree youth thing , but I 'm not the hostel-in-Europe type anyway .
Generally I 'm fine until I go to an event where everyone has babies , and you think , “ Oh am I supposed to have this by now ? ” And there 's no answer to that , and then the baby you 're holding shits itself .
That “ keeping up with the Joneses and their quantity of baby shit ” stuff definitely gets more intense at our age .
Advertisement
So you share your point of view with your audience in such a fun , inclusive way . Ida Wells stands out in particular : I barely knew anything about her before reading your book .
If I could make everyone on earth know who Ida Wells was , I would make it my life 's mission . You read her story and you reel back and think , “ WHY did n't I know about this woman ? Why why why ? ” I think she should be on your money , but since I 'm in Canada , I ca n't do anything about that .
Advertisement
I would love some Ida Wells bills , please !
I felt similarly about your comic about Tom Longboat : why did n't I know about this guy before ? I had no idea an Onandaga man was a champion long-distance runner and basically invented the concept of “ recovery days. ” How did you find out about him ?
Advertisement
I read about Tom Longboat because I was looking up old time sports outfits , which I love .
So , the London 1908 Olympics is the first Olympics that teams came from different countries with national uniforms , I think . Here are pictures : look at those archery ladies in full dresses .
Anyway , Tom Longboat was there , with the maple leaf on his chest , and I picked that up right away in the pictures but also the fact that he was First Nations , so you think immediately , “ this guy must have an interesting story . ”
Advertisement
Are there any historical figures you 've tried to make a comic about but it just did n't work out ?
For years I have thought I would make a comic about Admiral Yi Sun-sin , the Korean hero . But I never come up with something good . He drove turtle boats ! Turtle boats . As adorable as war machines get . You want to watch a movie about him ? They made one last year .
ADMIRAL TURTLE BOAT . I think… you might have to revisit this idea , partly because you 're really good at drawing turtles . The comic where a guy brings a snake to the turtle party kills me .
Advertisement
People like to point out that there is also a frog on the table in that comic , but I choose to ignore it .
Yeah if people want to be pedantic about creepy-crawlers , it 's not your problem ! Do you have a daily routine when you 're working ? I love to ask other artists about this because I 'm a mess .
Advertisement
I 'm such a mess . I wish was one of those people who gave themselves a 9-to-5 schedule and could actually do it , but when you work for yourself , you usually find that you are garbage at keeping a schedule . I end up being in the studio all day doing things that , if condensed , I could have done in a few hours .
Phew , it 's comforting to know we 're both garbage !
At least it 's not like when I was working from home and I would n't see real other people for days . My head would become an echo chamber of my own thoughts rolling around , and I think it made me a bit depressed . I 'd read depressing articles or things that made me angry and then I 'd tweet them , and Twitter was an outlet where other people were , so I was getting pretty negative , and people were like , “ Jeez. ” Then I thought , I need to get the hell out of my house , and I got a studio .
Advertisement
I actually love having coworkers . I worked at home a lot this summer and it was miserable , I got way too riled up over little internet things !
I think that there are a lot of things for people to be angry about these days . But I 'm doing alright in my life , I do n't have too many problems . So I guess it is best to listen to people dealing with real things , about what they are angry about and why . I try to do that .
Advertisement
What 's something you regret ?
I regret not learning to apologize and retract and address when I 've made a mistake fast enough . When you 're young and you start doing humour , you 're going to cross lines you should n't , because you 're trying to be funny and you have n't learned how to also not be a dick . You think you 're being hot comedy , but really you 're just a dumb baby who does n't know anyone 's experience but your own , and you do n't know all the ways you offend people . They have to tell you .
Usually when you 're younger , you 're like “ I did n't mean it that way ! ” or find some way to excuse yourself , when what you should have done is listened to who is talking to you and then say sorry and mean it and change what you do from there . We all need to grow up , and there is a lot to learn , and that 's fine . But I think when you 're older , you always wish you would have done it all sooner .
Advertisement
What makes you feel peaceful/happy ?
Being near the ocean . Is that lame ? Probably . I 've lived in New York and then Toronto for the past five years , and when I come home to Nova Scotia I 'm so much less stressed out.I might not be made for the city .
What do you do to relax ?
I watch Netflix . Did you wish I said “ I read ? ” I do too .
Same . I need to read more . What 's the vocation you fantasize about when you fantasize about quitting comics forever ? ( We all do that , right ? )
Advertisement
Working in museums again ! I loved working in museums . I could fill my office with all sorts of little fascinating objects , work on my battered old computer because there 's no money for new equipment , and I 'd go to community events , and I 'd hole up in my work when I wanted to be left alone , and I 'd be really passionate about presenting the collections to visitors and engaging them .
But when I wanted to work in museums , before doing the comics , everyone knew it was really , really hard to get ahead in that field . Very hard to move up . I miss it , though .
We 've talked before about your interest in exploring sadder , more personal stories . I really loved “ Ducks , ” your comic about working at a mining site . Any plans to make more of this kind of work ?
Advertisement
Ideally , yes , I 'd make a longer comic about the Oil Sands , a book . Ducks was a test , for me and for the audience , if I could hit the right note and tell the right story . I felt that I had to be a more mature storyteller to do it . I could n't have done it at 25 . But now we 're already 10 years past when I first arrived there .
In hindsight , being a young woman is INSANE .
I just read a thing about being a woman and I was like , “ Agh I ca n't even think about this , I have to go for a walk . ”
Advertisement
I just read the same thing , and then a bunch of comments from men who missed the point entirely .
Are there any other creative projects you 'd like to work on but have n't had a chance to yet ?
Advertisement
Oh I 'd love to have a hand in a television project , and I 've done a few things in TV that have gotten to a certain point . But you pretty well have to drop everything else you 're doing for it , because TV is all-consuming work , and I always have so much on the go , or I have for the past few years , anyway . Now I have no more book deals , so I 'm thinking . I 'd like to find something in television that suits me , but I 'm not sure what that is .
I can attest that it 's possible to work in tv without completely dropping everything else , but you miiiight get a repetitive stress injury and start grinding your teeth at night . No big deal . If you come to LA we can go for forest and beach-adjacent hikes .
I keep meaning to come to LA !
Do n't tease ! Lastly , you have VERY good taste in movies and miniseries and such . What are some things you 've seen or read recently that I should check out too ?
Advertisement
Did I make you watch John Adams ? I feel like I make everyone watch John Adams . I read one of Abigail 's letters to him at a wedding once , about devotion and love . Ugh ! Will things ever get more nerdy than that ?
I 'm also a sucker for period dramas . I hope to catch up on the new season of The Musketeers , which is some silly fun I thought I was not going to get into but I got super into it . And Porthos is a mixed race character in it , which is the sort of thing we 'd like to see more of ( and a nice nod to Dumas yeah ? ) . There 's a website called The Lady and the Rose which lists all the period dramas of the year and what is coming up or what is out and it is basically my TV Guide .
I went to see Far From the Madding Crowd by myself in the theatre and it was great . Basically the main character ( Bathsheba ) owns and runs a farm , and all these hot dudes keep coming up to her like , ” Hey I love you , marry me , ” and she 's like , “ Get the fuck out of here I 'm FARMING. ” And she hikes her skirts up and pulls up a big turnip . For two hours ! Five stars .
Advertisement
Yes you did recommend John Adams ! I watched it with my boyfriend and we do Paul Giamatti impressions back and forth because neither of us wants to be Abigail . I 'm going to add these movies to my list . Thank you , Kate .
Thank you !
Lisa Hanawalt is an artist living in Los Angeles , CA , and is the production designer/producer of the Netflix original series , Bojack Horseman . She writes and draws a quarterly , James Beard Award-winning food column for Lucky Peach Magazine , and co-hosts the podcast Baby Geniuses with comedian Emily Heller . Her first collection with Drawn & Quarterly was 2013 's critically acclaimed My Dirty Dumb Eyes . Her new book , Hot Dog Taste Test , will be published in spring 2016 .
Advertisement
Kate Beaton is a Canadian cartoonist who appeared in the comics scene in 2007 with her online work Hark ! A Vagrant ! Since then , she has become a fan favourite and has garnered a significant following , with illustrations appearing in places like the New Yorker , Harper 's , and Marvel 's Strange Tales anthology . Her first book with D+Q , Hark ! A Vagrant , spent five months on the New York Times bestseller list , and topped best of the year lists fromTime , E ! , Amazon , and Publishers Weekly . Her new book , Step Aside , Pops , is now in stores .
Teenaged kids are handing out more private information on social media than ever before , with little thought for the consequences , a not-so-surprising survey has found .
Teens are carelessly giving away phone numbers , pictures and other sensitive data using their Facebook accounts , the report by the Pew Foundation pointed out .
Ten times more teens now make their phone number available online than had done so in 2006 , while the number posting an email address has almost doubled , said Pew .
At the same time , 40 per cent of adolescents has not set up the full privacy settings on Facebook to shutter their stuff from the prying eyes of teachers , advertisers , employers or paedos . About 14 per cent do not bother to use any privacy settings at all , the survey found .
Some 33 per cent of respondents said they were Facebook friends with someone they had never met in person and about one in six said they had been scared by contact with a weird stranger online . More girls than boys were made nervous during a stranger interaction and kids that live in rural settings were also more likely to have encountered someone online that made them uneasy .
The results will be immediately obvious to anyone unlucky enough to have even a passing acquaintance with a member of the teenage horde .
Kids are spending more time on Facebook and Twitter than in previous years , although there is proof that use of Zuckerberg 's sociable advertising platform may have reached a plateau , because the number of teens visiting the site everyday has not changed since 2011 , at about 25 per cent , with 40 per cent visiting Facebook several times a day .
The report said : `` In focus groups , many teens expressed waning enthusiasm for Facebook . They dislike the increasing number of adults on the site , get annoyed when their Facebook friends share inane details , and are drained by the “ drama ” that they described as happening frequently on the site .
`` The stress of needing to manage their reputation on Facebook also contributes to the lack of enthusiasm . Nevertheless , the site is still where a large amount of socialising takes place , and teens feel they need to stay on Facebook in order to not miss out . ''
Teenagers post the following information on their profiles , according to the Pew Foundation :
91 per cent post a photo of themselves , up from 79 per cent in 2006 . 71 per cent post their school 's name , up from 49 per cent . 71 per cent post the city or town where they live , up from 61 per cent . 53 per cent post their email address , up from 29 per cent . 20 per cent post their cell phone number , up from 2 per cent .
Researchers also found :
92 per cent post their real name to the profile they use most often . 84 per cent post their interests , such as movies , music , or books they like . 82 per cent post their birth date . 62 per cent post their relationship status . 24 per cent post videos of themselves .
Parents ' main concern is still the classic pre-digital stranger danger , only now it 's a creepy man behind a webcam they 're nervous about , rather than the candy-clutching car driver .
However , one in four parents are concerned about advertisers ' access to their children 's private information .
Researchers also carried out dozens of interviews with teenagers , leaving in the hundreds of times they used the word `` like '' in their sentences .
One 13-year-old boy summed up why grown-ups are right to be concerned . “ I usually just hit allow on everything [ when I get a new app ] . Because I feel like it would get more features . And a lot of people allow it , so it 's not like they 're going to single out my stuff . I do n't really feel worried about it . ”
Another girl added : “ At first , when I got a Facebook , I was worried about my privacy settings , and my parents were too . And then , after I had it for a while , I was n't really worried as much . So then I took most of them off . ”
However , about half of teens have decided not to post something because it might make them look bad in future and just four per cent said they had posted something that caused a problem for themselves or their family .
Some 802 teens were surveyed during the making of the report , which is called Teens , Social Media and Privacy and was released today . ®
There 's a surprising lack of character in evidence these days among our free-spending , entitled-seeming political and community leaders .
Even though many are better paid than ever , it still does n't seem to be enough .
Here 's my theory : The people working for the public good are rankled that guys like the wolves on Wall Street are making so much more money and , for what ?
So , when some of those who are supposedly working to save the world have the opportunity to pamper themselves at someone else 's expense , they feel entitled to take it . After all , they 're the hard-working good guys .
Let 's run through a recent list of entitled takers . Senators Mike Duffy , Pamela Wallin and Patrick Brazeau . Alberta 's former premier Alison Redford . Linda Reid , the speaker of the B.C . legislature . And , the managers of the Portland Housing Society .
I started reading the audit reports on the PHS determined to read , but not write about them because so much has already been reported . But my tipping point came at page 109 of the 126-page report by KPMG . I 'm not entirely sure why it was the spending of $ 3,472 on a painting of Pigeon Park done by a PHS staff member that pushed me over the edge , but it was . This was money intended for the poorest and most desperate people on Vancouver 's Downtown Eastside , not for art to hang in the society 's accounting office .
But at least the painting may have some lasting value , as opposed to the $ 12,115 for flowers and cards , $ 5,316 for alcohol , $ 4,518 for spa treatments and — most curiously , given what 's happened — $ 19,089 on “ reputations management . ”
My pledge to read-but-not-write was nearly abandoned on Page 108 where $ 2,063 spent at the upscale decor shop , Chintz & Co. , was described as being for “ Christmas party decorations , including spraying supplies to fragrant the air with Christmas scent . ”
And that was just below the $ 5,938 spent on a computer and a printer in Berlin by Kersten Stuerzbecher , the director of human resources and finance . She told auditors that she was vacationing and needed to do some work .
Yet many pages earlier , senior executives ' comments and contracts were at length , saying how they were expected to be on-call 24/7 .
So , why did n't Stuerzbecher have her computer with her especially since these days , even vacationing octogenarians travel with tablets and laptops .
Senior executives ' constantly on-call , all-encompassing jobs were the reason that the board paid out all of their vacation time in cash even though it 's obvious that some did get away on holidays ( including to Disneyland with family ) .
I do n't doubt that PHS executives worked hard and found solutions to difficult problems .
But does that justify limousines and luxury hotels like the Plaza in New York or eating at some of the most expensive restaurants in Vancouver ?
You 'd think these were private-sector masters of the universe , not servants of the poor when you look at a few of the bills — Gotham Steakhouse ( $ 852 for three visits , averaging $ 284 each time ) , Le Crocodile ( $ 504 for two visits ) and Tojo 's ( $ 421 for one ) .
What good are children ?
Angus Deaton , Arthur Stone
Study after study has shown that those who live with children are less satisfied with their lives than those who do not . Is there something wrong with these empirical analyses ? Or is it that happiness measures are unreliable ? This column argues that the results are correct but that comparisons of the wellbeing of parents and non-parents are of no help at all for people trying to decide whether to have children .
It is a commonplace that new parents are overwhelmed by a “ tsunami of love ” when they first meet their dependent offspring . Older children , though often a source of irritation and worry , are also a source of joy , and there are few parents who can even bear to think of a world without their children . Yet , study after study has shown that those who live with children are less satisfied with their lives than those who do not ; Hansen ( 2012 ) and Stanca ( 2012 ) are recent surveys . How can this be ? Should governments publicise such findings , to help disabuse people of the widespread notion that children are good for them ? Perhaps along with Larkin 's lines ?
Man hands on misery to man/It deepens like a coastal shelf/Get out as early as you can/And do n't have any kids yourself
— Philip Larkin
Is there something wrong with these empirical analyses ? Or is it that , as many economists suspect , happiness measures are unreliable ? We argue here that the results are correct , as far as they go . The deeper problem is that comparisons of the wellbeing of parents and non-parents are of no help at all for people trying to decide whether or not to become parents .
One story is that people do n't have much idea of what they are doing . Daniel Gilbert , the Harvard psychologist whose Stumbling on happiness is well-characterised by its title , argues that the belief that children are good for you is transmitted from generation to generation , in spite of its being false . Parents are perpetually surprised by the unhappiness that children bring .
Before we economists reject such an explanation out of hand , we should remember that Adam Smith believed that the “ pleasures of wealth and greatness ” are a deception , but are necessary to keep “ in continual motion the industry of mankind. ” Perhaps the attractions of children are also a deception , but are necessary to keep in motion the continuation of mankind .
New research
Our two new studies , Stone and Deaton ( 2013 , 2014 ) , use a large American data set from the Gallup Organization to try to get to the bottom of all this . The first paper focuses on the elderly , the second on parents and children .
If we look at everyone in the population ( aged 18 and above ) , and consider child-at-home status and life evaluation , we get a version of the standard finding .
People with at least one child at home evaluate their lives slightly less favourably than those with no child ; the difference is equivalent to a 5 % decline in income .
Those who live with children also report more anger , stress , and worry , but also more happiness .
( It is important in this work to separate life evaluation or life satisfaction on the one hand – wherein people judge their lives as a whole – from the hedonic or emotional experience of happiness on the other , and we shall use term “ happiness ” to refer only to the emotion , not , as is often done , to life evaluation . )
Using the whole population of adults to make these comparisons is not very useful , especially in the Gallup data , which do not tell us how ( or whether ) the child is related to the respondent . Among the youngest respondents , the child might be a sibling , and among old respondents , the child might be a grandchild . If we look only at adults aged from 34 to 46 , for whom a child at home has a 90 % or better chance of being the child of the respondent , life as a parent looks better . These adults with children have better lives than those without – equivalent to a 75 % increase in income – and although they still are more likely to experience more sadness , anger , and worry , their lives also contain more happiness , smiling , and enjoyment .
But this is not the end of the story . These adults with children do n't look like adults without children . They are healthier , richer , better educated , more religious , more likely to be female or Hispanic , and less likely to smoke , all factors that improve life evaluation regardless of whether people have children . More important still , they are vastly more likely to be married , and marriage itself promotes wellbeing . If we control for all of these factors , we get back to the negative finding that , even among these selected adults , those with children have worse lives . As we change the control variables , but sticking with the 34 to 46 year olds , we can move from the uncontrolled , positive finding to the highly controlled , negative one . Such comparisons , with at least some controls , are similar to many in the literature .
Interestingly , no matter what the controls , parents experience more positive and more negative emotions . This is credible enough , that children bring both joys and sorrows . And if we look at the elderly respondents , everything looks negative for old people living with children , both life evaluation and hedonic experience . We attribute this mostly to selection . At least in the US , the elderly do not normally live with young children , and when they do , it is likely to indicate an inability to live alone , a conjecture that is supported by the much poorer health outcomes among the elderly who live with young children . We also find some evidence of a direct negative effect of children on the emotional outcomes of the elderly .
At this point , we need to stop and think harder about what we are trying to do . Should we really be controlling for marriage ? Many people get married with an eye to having children , so perhaps the right comparison is between those who are neither married nor parents with those who are both . But then what about those who are happily married but do not have children ? Similarly , people may work harder when children bring unanticipated expenses . But children do not cause most of the differences in people 's incomes , and it makes no sense to drop income as a control .
The results so far tell us about comparisons of wellbeing and how those comparisons differ depending on what other factors we hold constant . But it is out contention that they have no policy implications , either for individuals or for nations .
What should we be trying to estimate here ?
One target might be whether a specific person or a specific couple has a better life with or without children . Because of selection into parenthood , comparisons between those with and without children are not obviously helpful unless , as psychologists ( or Adam Smith ) might argue , people have little idea of what they are doing . But it surely makes more sense to think that people who have children are , by and large , those who wanted to have children , and vice versa .
The standard economist 's response to a selection problem is to look for panel data , an instrument , or , under ideal conditions , to run the randomised controlled trial that such methods are supposed to mimic . Panel data are of little help here , because the change in wellbeing for parents at the time of their children 's birth is only a fraction of what we are looking for , and the data show important changes in advance of the event . As for a randomised controlled trial , whatever we are interested in knowing it is not the response of a childless couple to waking up one morning to find that a stray stork has blessed them with a “ bundle of joy. ” This early morning metamorphosis into parenthood is about as likely to bring a better life as was Gregor Samsa 's metamorphosis into a giant insect . And we need not even trouble ourselves with the companion study in which randomly selected children cease to exist .
Concluding remarks
If we think that people who have children are people whose lives are better because they have children , while those who are childless have better lives without them , the empirical findings are not at all surprising . Recent work by Benjamin et al ( 2013 , 2014 ) confirms that people do not exactly maximise their wellbeing when making life decisions , but they often come very close . If so , those whose wellbeing will be improved by having children will have children , and those whose wellbeing would be worsened by having children will not . But the two groups have different tastes –most obviously in their preference for children – so we have no a priori basis for expecting one group to be better off than the other once they have made their choices . Would be parents who can not have children are certainly likely to be dissatisfied relative to those who do , and people who do not want a child would no doubt be dissatisfied if they accidently acquired one . But non-parents are not failed parents , nor are parents failed non-parents .
And that is about all that we can say .
References
Benjamin , Daniel , Ori Heffetz , Miles S Kimball and Alex Rees-Jones ( 2012 ) , “ What do you think would make you happier ? What do you think you would choose ? ” The American Economic Review , 102 ( 5 ) , 2083–110 .
Benjamin , Daniel , Ori Heffetz , Miles S Kimball , and Alex Rees-Jones ( 2014 ) , “ Can marginal rates of substitution be inferred from happiness data ? Evidence from residency choices , ” The American Economic Review , forthcoming .
Deaton , Angus , and Arthur A Stone ( 2013 ) , “ Grandpa and the snapper : the wellbeing of the elderly who live with children , ” NBER Working Paper No . 19100 , June .
Deaton , Angus , and Arthur A Stone ( 2014 ) , “ Evaluative and hedonic wellbeing among those with and without children at home , ” PNAS , 111 ( 4 ) , 1328–33 .
Gilbert , Daniel ( 2007 ) , Stumbling on happiness .
Hansen , Thomas , 2012 , “ Parenthood and happiness : a review of folk theories versus empirical evidence , ” Social Indicators Research , 108 , 29–64 .
Stanca , Luca , 2012 , “ Suffer the little children : measuring the effects of parenthood on well-being worldwide , ” Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization , 81 , 742–50 .
It 's a slow process , but neighbours in Hubley are working together to tap their own backyard maple trees for syrup .
Just under 10 families are involved and 35 buckets are being hung in the subdivision , says organizer John Bignell .
The group applied for a $ 300 grant from the neighbourhood city councillor to buy the supplies .
Every morning before school , the kids check the buckets and empty them , carefully saving up the sap .
The sap is running slowly this year . So far , the group has collected about 30 litres of sap . It takes 40 litres to make one litre of syrup .
By Saturday , the group estimates there will be enough sap to send to Acadian Maple Products to be boiled into syrup . After that , the neighbours will hold a pancake breakfast to enjoy their work .
Devin Rose Frost 's family has been collecting sap for about a week . She 's looking forward to tasting the finished product .
`` I 'm always having waffles , so I 'm really looking forward to waffles and pancakes because me and my dad make our own pancakes , '' she said .
Evan Drew-Coolen is excited about having pancakes with maple syrup on them .
`` Tastes really good , '' he said .
Apparently , our money 's not enough .
They want our blood , too .
You may have heard about this . In Texas – one of America 's , uh , “ freest ” states – the cops have got the power to throw you over the hood of a cruiser and forcibly extract your blood if you decline to take a Breathalyzer test . After having been forced to stop for no specific reason at a “ sobriety ” checkpoint . Your refusal to cooperate – that is , to prove your innocence ( that 's how it works in America nowadays ) to the satisfaction of a cop is all the provocation necessary . Roll down your sleeve .
Or else .
Count ( oops , Police Chief ) Art Acevedo of the Austin PD wants to expand what had been a “ pilot ” program – weekends only – to a full time regular operation .
To make this routine . News story here .
Inevitably , other states will follow . Oregon already has . At some point , the Supreme Court will “ affirm ” the “ constitutionality ” of these blood draws . Why not ? It has already affirmed the “ constitutionality ” of all sorts of obviously not constitutional practices – including the random and probable cause-bereft stopping of motorists to force them to prove they are n't guilty of pretty much everything in the motor vehicle code ( e.g. , you 're forced to prove you have a license , the mandatory insurance , that your car is registered and has all the demanded stickers , that you are buckled up for “ safety ” , etc. ) . If these fishing expeditions are reasonable ( as demanded by the Fourth Amendment ) then what constitutes an unreasonable search ?
Nominally , search warrants are still required before the syringes puncture your flesh – per a 2013 Supreme Court decision to that effect . But it 's a pro forma ( read , rubber stamp ) exercise . The warrants are approved reflexively , as a matter of course . Because – words of the court – refusal to voluntarily provide a sample constitutes “ consciousness of guilt . ”
Might as well have one of those machines – like they have at the airport long-term parking lot – that spits out the piece of paper when you push the green button . It 's not like it was back when America still had a semi , rule-of-law-wise and it was actually necessary to go before a judge or grand jury with evidence , which would be considered and which had to rise to a fairly high standard before a warrant was issued .
Ah , but this took time .
And cops – law enforcers – can not abide this . Justice must be served piping hot and steaming fresh . Better to kick down the wrong door in the middle of the night or jab needles in the arms of “ suspected ” behind-the-wheel-tipplers ( and tokers ) than fuss with all that tiresome rule-of-law stuff .
For instance , that weird and strange idea that no person may be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself . Fifth Amendment . And as legally irrelevant today as the Fourth Amendment 's prohibition of unreasonable searches . Both very ungoodthinkful and doubleplusungood .
Our “ freedoms , ” you see . It 's what they hate us for .
The government , that is .
The real terrists .
Who are the enemies of our freedom .
How is this business worse than Sharia Law ? Seriously . Substitute The State for Allah – and it 's the same thing . The least show of disrespect – which now includes declining to cooperate in your own railroading – will result in an ultraviolent response . Instead of ululating , you 'll hear stop resisting ! … but what 's the difference ?
Maybe they do n't kill you – well , not as policy ( yet ) . But how far down the road can that be ?
If you 're over 40 – and still dimly remember the America that used to be – you will no doubt marvel ( despair is probably a better word ) that such things are happening . Things which would have been literally not believable as recently as 20 years ago .
Cops forcibly holding you down and shoving a needle in your arm to extract your blood because you asserted your former right to not participate in your own incrimination . Of course , this is not new . It 's just that the principle has been expanded . How many decades has the Ministry of Plenty ( aka the eye r s ) required – under penalty of law ! – that you provide them with… well , whatever they demand ? That you swear – under penalty of law ! – that all the information about your affairs you 're compelled to provide them with for purposes of trying and convicting you of whatever crime they choose to charge you with is without error or omission ?
Keep in mind that these vampiric cops are the same cops who have already been sanctioned by the same courts to strip search you and probe your anus or vagina with their fingers following an arrest for any offense – including routine traffic offenses ( Florence v. Board of Chosen Freeholders of County of Burlington , et al ; see here ) . Remember : Arrest means they simply assert you 've done something illegal . They do not have to prove it to arrest you . And then probe you .
Once under their power , you are – legally speaking – powerless . Even to the extent of declining to provide evidence that can and will be used against you .
And even if there is no evidence of anything “ illegal . ”
Your mere refusal to play their game – to perform the roadside acrobatics , to exhale into their notoriously unreliable Breathalyzer – now constituting sufficient legal warrant to extract your bodily fluids using whatever force is necessary .
Because “ exigent circumstances ” – and so on .
The fools who support this does so under the delusion that since they have nothing to hide , no possible harm can come to them . What harm , after all , could possibly come from empowering the government to assault people at random , without the legal necessity of having to adduce some specific reason to suspect them of having committed a crime prior to the assault ?
They are , after all , only trying to keep us safe .
EPautos.com depends on you to keep the wheels turning ! The control freaks ( Clovers ) hate us . Goo-guhl blackballed us .
Will you help us ?
Our donate button is here .
If you prefer not to use PayPal , our mailing address is :
EPautos
721 Hummingbird Lane SE
Copper Hill , VA 24079
PS : EPautos stickers are free to those who sign up for a $ 5 or more monthly recurring donation to support EPautos , or for a one-time donation of $ 10 or more . ( Please be sure to tell us you want a sticker – and also , provide an address , so we know where to mail the thing ! )
Before we begin , let me just say that what you are about to read is , for lack of a better word , ridiculous . I know it is ridiculous . It is almost boundless in its ridiculousness . But I am going to write these words anyway .
This is the story of how a Linux user ... switched to Windows 3.1 . At least in part .
You read that right . Windows 3.1 . Yes . That Windows 3.1 . The 16-bit one that came out in 1992 ... over 20 years ago . Many of you will replay , `` WHY ? ! ? ! Are you INSANE ? ! ? ! '' And that would be a perfectly valid and warranted reply , punctuation and all .
To answer that , allow me to back up for a moment .
Some months back I wrote a two-part series of articles that started off as a musing along the lines of `` Why do we need to upgrade our technology so often ? '' That morphed into `` Bryan tries to live in DOS . Full time . '' Those articles were quite silly , but , in the end , I found that properly utilizing DOS , within an emulated environment , provided some unique and interesting benefits .
RELATED : A Linux user switches to DOS
A Linux user switches to DOS , Part Two
Most notably , I found that a DOS emulation tool ( DOSBox ) , when used in combination with a service such as Dropbox , allowed me to have a consistent environment across all of my devices - including my Android tablet and phone - with the same files and applications used everywhere . Handy . Nerdy , and handy .
Then , about two weeks back , I was using my Android tablet and looking for a good graphics editor . I wanted something with layers and good text drawing tools . There were some options , but nothing that compared to The Gimp , Inkscape , or Photoshop for the Desktop . Man , would n't it be great to have a full version of one of those running on my Nexus 7 ?
That 's when it hit me . We already have that .
Photoshop used to run on Windows 3.1 . And Windows 3.1 runs great under both DOSBox and QEMU , both of which are Open Source emulators available for Android and every other platform under the sun .
So I promptly set to work digging up an old copy of Photoshop . The last version released for Windows 3.1 was back in 1996 . And finding a working copy proved to be ... challenging . Luckily , the good folks at Adobe dug around in their vaults and managed to get me up and running .
And , after a bit of tweaking , I ended up with an astoundingly functional copy of Photoshop that I can now run on absolutely every device I own . And the entire environment ( fonts , working files and all ) are automatically backed up to the cloud and synced between systems .
But what other applications ( and , potentially , games ) does this give me access to ? How far can I take this ? I was like a kid in a candy store . Only , in this case , the `` candy '' is `` 16 bit , old-as-hell , Windows 3.1 software . ''
Next week I 'll go over , in detail , how to set everything up and what else you can do with a system like this .
PC
Mac
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS FOR WINDOWS BASED OPERATING SYSTEMS : Download the file by clicking on the [ PC DOWNLOAD ] button . Run the file once it completes downloading . Follow the step-by-step instructions in the ASTRO Command Center software . Connect your MixAmp Pro TR to your computer via USB , Make sure your MixAmp is in PC mode – one solid white ring around the power button . ( If it is in console mode , hold down the power button for 3 seconds . ) PC
Download the file by clicking on the [ MAC DOWNLOAD ] button . Run the file once it completes downloading . Drag and drop the icon into the applications folder . Run the program from the Applications folder . Connect your MixAmp Pro TR to your computer via USB , Make sure your MixAmp is in PC mode – one solid white ring around the power button . ( If it is in console mode , hold down the power button for 3 seconds . ) , Mac
MOSUL , Iraq — As the Islamic State ( IS ) crumbled in western Mosul and Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi traveled to Iraq 's second largest city to proclaim its liberation on July 9 , some Iraqis began to think about plans for reconstruction . The government moved to enforce security , and Mosul residents — able to breathe a bit — took steps toward returning to normalcy , though it will take some time to undo what IS has done .
It was during hours of nonstop dancing at a cousin 's July 1 wedding that Riad could forget for awhile the image of his three-story house blowing up . IS had uploaded footage of it to the Internet . As a policeman for the state , Riad had been a target of the militant group . At the wedding , he blocked out the reality for one moment that he no longer had a house or a job with which to support his wife and two children .
Riad 's cousin Ahmad is finally getting married . He and his fiancee had been separated for more than two years after he escaped to the nearby city of Erbil with his family . The couple kept in touch via cell phone .
The wedding celebration is taking place in the Sumer neighborhood of eastern Mosul , liberated earlier this year . Most of the guests — dancing , listening to music and smoking — are just basically having fun for the first time since that fateful day in June 2014 when IS entered the city in a blitzkrieg . After a few weeks of grace , the group implemented its oppressive policies , banning one thing after another . “ That 's why we are partying so hard ! ” Riad exclaimed , standing inside a doorway .
A tiny living room is filled with sweat and smoke , and music for the dabke is blaring as youngsters lead in the dance . Other guests stay stuck to the wall , with some occasionally joining in . Though initially wary of speaking out , the guests slowly recall the repression the extremist group imposed on them .
“ One day I entered the pharmacy to buy contraceptive products , ” said Neva . “ I have known the pharmacist for years , so we were somewhat close in our way of communicating and interacting , ” by which , she meant , they would make jokes and laugh . Then , a militant entered the shop . “ He asked us why we were laughing , and then began to tell me how I should behave and the distance I should keep. ” After Neva left the pharmacy , the militant tailed her as she walked home . IS had mandated that women could not leave their homes without a male relative .
As the party continued , the dancing became more intense and physical . Even after six , seven hours , Ziad and his cousins still barely left the stage for a moment .
“ We are usually not this intense , ” he said . While he tries to leave behind the bad memories of the past two years , Riad has to do so without his best friends . Most of them escaped , striking out for Europe as IS hit harder with its iron fist . Ziad remained behind , finally having to accept the strict rules he repeatedly transgressed . He was once jailed and whipped 50 times because he had shaved , something IS forbade .
Mosul residents ' desire to return to a certain degree of normalcy is countered by the visible scars and economic devastation left in the wake of IS ' reign and defeat . Concrete barriers block the circulation of vehicles as does the rubble of buildings destroyed in airstrikes by the US-led coalition . The roads are filled with potholes from artillery shells .
Near the wedding tent where more than a hundred guests , all men , have gathered for lunch , green markings indicate the buildings without satellite antennas . When Iraqi forces launched the offensive to begin taking Mosul last October , IS decided to block TV reception to prevent the local population from receiving news about the offensive 's progress .
Today , cars crossing the city going north-south encounter multiple checkpoints . Most are staffed by army or Federal Police personnel , but a few , topped by Shiite flags in this predominantly Sunni city , are manned by members of the Popular Mobilization Units . The flags symbolize the troublesome sectarian divisions that helped IS enlarge the territory under its control . Their presence worries some residents .
“ Hopefully we will have learned from past mistakes , ” said a guest at Ahmad 's wedding . Next to him , Ali , a tall Shiite man from Najaf , approaches because he wants his voice to be heard . “ Listen well , ” he began . “ It is the first time I have been to Mosul in more than 20 years , and that shows that we , the people , do not care about the confession of each other . ”
Ali will stay on for a few days after the wedding as a guest of the family . He will do so in a neighborhood that four months earlier had been under the complete control of the most viciously sectarian group in the region .
Opposite Sumer lies the popular area of al-Qadisiya , which remains the main commercial area of eastern Mosul . “ This square used to be empty because young people did n't dare to gather here , ” explained Barzan , Riad 's cousin , navigating the area 's main roundabout with his taxi .
These days , young couples , group of friends and kids lay on the grass next to a destroyed fountain . IS had torched it due to the pictorial elements decorating the structure . The perimeter of the square is filled with shops that sell food , juices , ice cream and clothing . Many of the signs atop the shops have been sprayed with black paint to obliterate the faces on them . IS ' interpretation of Islamic teachings forbade depictions of humans and animals .
“ Everything was forbidden ! Smoking a hookah , listening to music , dancing the dabke , wearing this T-shirt , ” said Mohammad , pointing to the letters printed over on his friend 's clothes . As if in a hurry to enjoy themselves , the teenagers had parked their car in the first grass spot of the Shalalat garden , the largest green space in the city . A speaker blasted music as the boys took turns smoking a water pipe under a tree .
Neither they nor Zacharias , who came to the square for a picnic with his parents and sister , had visited the gardens in the last few years . Meanwhile , his father , a teacher at university , has seen a growth in the number of students attending school . The curriculum imposed by IS is out , and the previous one has been readopted . Of note , women have also returned to the classroom .
As Zacharias enjoys the afternoon , he looks forward to things improving in Mosul after years of violence and instability . “ God willing , I will finish my studies and then maybe I can find a proper job , ” he said , echoing the hopes and worries of Riad , Ahmad and other Mosul residents .
Story highlights `` The Price is Right '' is holding a contest to find its first male model
The prizes have almost always been displayed by female models on the show
Viewers will pick the winner by voting online through October 4 at Priceisright.com
Have you always wanted to show off flashy cars and cozy new living room sets on national television ? `` The Price is Right '' may be famous for Bob Barker ( and now Drew Carey ) 's lovely ladies , but now `` The Price is Right '' is holding a contest to find its first male model .
In the game show 's nearly 40-year history , the prizes have almost always been displayed by female models , but now one guy will get to try out the gig for a week on the CBS show , which is currently hosted by Drew Carey .
CBS has announced that the search for a male model will air as a five-episode web series on `` The Price is Right 's '' official website and on its YouTube channel in late September . An open casting call will be held in Los Angeles on Thursday , August 30 , when contestants will be judged on `` qualities such as their verbal skills , posing and ability to properly showcase a product , '' a release revealed . The producers will be the judges , along with the show 's female models .
Viewers will pick the ultimate winner by voting online through October 4 at Priceisright.com
What do you think , `` Price is Right '' fans ? Is it about time male models become a regular part of the show , or would you rather see it stick with the old model ( pardon the pun ) ?
There 's nothing like a thin layer of condensation on your ski goggles to ruin a perfectly good run down a hill covered in tantalizingly fresh powder . But active people get warm and sweat , and science says that cold moist air condensing on your goggles is inevitable . Unless you 've got a pair of these F-BOM goggles strapped to your face which sandwich an incredibly thin heating element between a pair of lenses to keep them clear all day long .
Advertisement
The heating element works like those black lines on the back window of your car , except that they 're completely invisible and do n't occlude a skier 's vision in any way . In fact , they do just the opposite . When fully charged they 'll keep the surface of the goggles just slightly warmer than the dew point for about seven full hours , which prevents fog from forming . Or if you know you 'll be away from a power source and not able to charge the goggles for a while , there 's also an on-demand boost mode which only heats the goggles in ten minute bursts as needed , extending the battery life for a full seven days .
The goggles will be available in October of 2015 , but only if Abominable 's Kickstarter campaign manages to raise the $ 50,000 it 's after . You can help ensure the F-BOMs become a reality with a donation of $ 195 that gets you one of the first pairs of to roll off the assembly line . Or you can wait until all the production kinks have been worked out and get a retail set for $ 249 . Either way , your days of blindly careening down the ski slopes could be soon over . [ Abominable via Outside Online ]
by Sunny Hundal
The Daily Telegraph has a long reputation as a paper of repute .
These days however its opinion columns are full of people from the tinfoil-hat-wearing nutjob fringe .
James Delingpole is one common example . Delingpole is published not because he has anything new or interesting to say , or because he posseses intimate knowledge of the topic he writes about ( even by his own admission ) – but because he appeals so well to climate-change-deniers .
On Monday he was in the Telegraph explaining why he 's standing as an independent candidate in the Corby by-election .
He is a single-issue candidate , summing up his position as : “ I believe that wind farms are a cancer : one of the worst crimes ever perpetrated against the country by Westminster . ”
He then goes on to say :
The wind industry is so wrong in every way that to be against it ought to be no more contentious than being against paedophilia .
That 's not him joking around – that is exactly what he wants .
And this is a guy the BBC happily invite on and regularly interview as a serious commentator .
If her lips are moving and all that .
Susan Rice has become famous for basically lying about anything and everything in relation to the Obama administration and it 's failures . She lied about Benghazi . She lied about Bergdahl . She lied about unmasking . She lied about what she ate for dinner last night .
Now , according to Erick Erickson ( via his source ) , she also recently lied to the Washington Post about Obama tipping off Facebook about Russia :
The original story said Obama confronted Zuckerberg about Russia but as Fox News and Axios noted yesterday , that story was – ironically – fake news itself and they had to correct it to note that Obama did not bring up Russia after-all , just fake news generally . Now it does n't take very much for the Washington Post to praise Obama on the front page for no good reason but the story did make me wonder what had been the impetus 10 months after the fact . Well a source tells me that when the conversation took place the person who accompanied Obama in this meeting was none other than Susan Rice . So Susan Rice , once again , was trying to mask her own failures by pointing the blame somewhere else . Sound familiar ?
The background on this is that the Washington Post , always up for giving Barack Obama a nice fluff job , ran with a story that proclaimed the former President as a modern day Paul Revere , valiantly warning of Russia using Facebook to influence the election . Only because of the juvenile ignorance of Mark Zuckerberg was Obama ignored and the election thrown for Trump .
The only issue ? It was n't true . It was later confirmed that Obama never mentioned Russia at all . The question then became who exactly leaked the false story to the Washington Post ? It turns out that only Susan Rice was in the room with Obama at the time , leaving her the most probable source .
Erickson lays out the reasoning better than I can in his article :
The Obama Administration alums and Clinton campaign are obsessed with Russia and how they claim they stole the election and need to concoct theories for why Donald Trump is President besides the fact that they were rejected . The latest one is that it must 've been $ 100,000 in Facebook ads that did it ( a tiny fraction of the billion dollar Democrat ad machine ) . So Susan Rice and the Obama team point the finger at Zuckerberg to their friends in the Washington Post rather than come to terms with what really happened . When it came to Russia , Obama , Clinton , and Rice were asleep at the switch for 8 years . From the reset button , to promising to be “ more flexible ” to doing nothing in 2016 when their intelligence indicated Russians were trying to impact our elections .
This is personal for Obama and his former minions . The continued grasping at straws is an attempt to mislead on their epic failures in dealing with Russia from the beginning of their administration . Instead of just admitting they made mistakes , they continue to make excuses .
This incident serves as a reminder on several fronts .
One , the media will swallow any garbage as long as it fits their biases and ca n't be trusted to produce truth . Two , the Obama administration were cowards when it came to foreign policy and standing up to aggression . Finally , Susan Rice continues to be a lying liar who lies .
A recent RAND wargame on a potential Russian offensive into the Baltics brought talk of a “ new Cold War ” into sharp focus . The game made clear that NATO would struggle to prevent Russian forces from occupying the Baltics if it relied on the conventional forces now available .
These wargames have great value in demonstrating tactical and operational reality , which then informs broader strategic thinking . In this case , however , the headlines generated by the game have obscured more about the NATO-Russian relationship than they have revealed . In short , the NATO deterrent promise has never revolved around a commitment to defeat Soviet/Russian forces on NATO 's borders . Instead , NATO has backed its political commitment with the threat to broaden any conflict beyond the war that the Soviets wanted to fight . Today , as in 1949 , NATO offers deterrence through the promise of escalation .
The Early Years
Let 's be utterly clear on this point ; from the creation of NATO until the 1970s , Western military planners expected the Warsaw Pact to easily win a conventional war in Europe . Conventional warfighting plans by the major NATO powers often amounted , almost literally , to efforts to reach the English Channel just ahead of the tanks of the Red Army . NATO expected to liberally use tactical nuclear weapons to slow the Soviet advance , an action which would inevitably invite Soviet response ( the Soviets also prepared for this dynamic ) .
The belief that NATO would lose a conventional conflict did nothing to contradict the notion that NATO could play a valuable role in deterring war . For one , NATO could certainly make things more difficult for the Soviet Union ; overwhelming combined British-German-American forces would prove far more costly than defeating a West Germany that stood alone . Moreover , by triggering an expansion of the war NATO could create costs for the Soviets in other parts of the world . Overwhelming NATO superiority at sea and in long-range airpower would prove devastating for Soviet interests outside of Eurasia , even if the Soviets prevailed on the Central Front .
Most importantly , the threat that France , Britain and the United States would launch strategic nuclear strikes on the Soviet Union in response to a successful conventional assault was supposed to give Moscow pause . Even if an American President refused to exchange Berlin for New York , the Soviets would have to worry about the rest of NATO 's nuclear deterrent .
Active Defense/AirLand Battle
The expectation that NATO could defeat the Warsaw Pact in battle only emerged after the Yom Kippur War . In that conflict , precision-guided conventional munitions exacted such a toll on advancing forces ( both in the Golan and in Sinai ) that American military planners began to believe that they could stop a Soviet attack . Drawn up in defensive positions that would channel oncoming Red Army armor into large kill zones , NATO forces could sufficiently blunt and disrupt a Soviet advance , and prevent the collapse of positions within Germany . The defense would buy time for NATO to transit additional forces and equipment from the United States to Europe , to carry out in depth attacks against Warsaw Pact logistical and communications centers in Eastern Europe , and to attack Soviet interests in the rest of the world .
After 1982 , AirLand Battle would return maneuver to the battlefield , as American commanders grew more confident of their ability to defeat the Red Army in a fluid engagement . Cooperation between the Army and the Air Force would allow attacks all along the depth of the Soviet position , turning the formidable Red Army ( and its Eastern European allies ) into a chaotic mess . At the same time , the U.S. Navy prepared to attack directly into the Soviet periphery with airstrikes and amphibious assaults , as well as into the cherished “ bastions ” of the Soviet boomer fleet . None of this depended on the protection of any given piece of NATO territory ; planners accepted that the Soviets could make at least some gains at the beginning of any plausible war scenario .
In this context , news that Russia could win a localized conventional conflict against small NATO nations on its border becomes rather less alarming than it sounds at first blush . Apart from ( perhaps ) a brief window of vulnerability in the 1990s , Russia has always had the capacity to threaten NATO with conventional force . Indeed , NATO did not even begin to plan for the conventional defense of the Baltics until well after their accession , on the belief that the faith and credit of the alliance , and in particular its ability to retaliate against Soviet interests in the rest of Europe , would prove a sufficient deterrent .
The RAND wargame suggests that Russia could take the Baltics , and perhaps hold them , for a while . Moscow would begin to pay costs very early in any conflict , however , as NATO forces moved against Kaliningrad , Transnistria and other Russian holdings . The Russian Navy would likely come under severe attack from NATO submarines and aircraft . Long range strikes would debilitate much of the rest of Russia 's air force and air defense network . In short , Russia could grab the Baltics , but only at a cost vastly in excess of the value of holding onto them . This is how NATO conducted deterrence in 1949 , and it 's how NATO does deterrence today .
Robert Farley , a frequent contributor to the National Interest , is author of The Battleship Book . He serves as a Senior Lecturer at the Patterson School of Diplomacy and International Commerce at the University of Kentucky . His work includes military doctrine , national security , and maritime affairs . He blogs at Lawyers , Guns and Money and Information Dissemination and the Diplomat .
Image : Wikimedia Commons/ Defense Intelligence Agency
With the news this week the Maple Leafs have been knocked off the top of Forbes ' annual list as the most valuable hockey franchise , it 's an interesting time to check how their broadcasts are fairing with their most faithful . The Leafs , along with losing value , are also taking a slight hit with viewers . That 's understandable , as more than any team in memory , this is an organization that has actively lowered expectations , talking up a long rebuild as opposed to on the fly in an attempt to break the middle-of-the-pack treadmill the team has been on for years .
The Leafs are near the bottom of the league 's standings as they struggle through a long , rebuilding season . As a result , Sportsnet 's ratings have taken a slight drop . ( Melissa Renwick / Toronto Star )
It 's been an interesting season when you look at the numbers , as these things are relative . This is still clearly a strong Leaf Nation , as bad numbers for the Leafs are still relatively better numbers compared to other sports . Good numbers for early season Raptor games are about half of what the Leafs get — in the 200,000 to 250,000 range — but you can see that the lowly new order is having an effect . Forbes moved the team to third on its list — valuing the team at $ 1.15 billion ( U.S. ) behind the New York Rangers ( $ 1.2 billion ) and the Habs ( $ 1.18 billion ) — citing the fact the playoffs may be out of reach for the next few years . The Star reported a source at MLSE saying each playoff date equates to $ 1 million to $ 2 million in additional revenue . So it 's easy to see how even a small bit of playoff success could put them back on top of the Forbes list .
Article Continued Below
The Blue Jays ' recent run presents a few issues , practical and existential . The Jays playoff run definitely hurt the Buds to start the hockey season , although the incredible multi-million numbers of viewers that watched the Jays in October sucked up much of the air from many other sports — the CFL in particular , took a hit — and other entertainment in general . Then there 's also the hangover from that heady Jays season , as it 's also hard to get excited about a team that we 've now conditioned to expect to lose . One perfect example — it feels like people are talking about the team less , like there 's been less chatter about things like goalie controversies , which used to take up so much air . For the season so far on Sportsnet , the Leafs are delivering an average audience of 478,000 , a decrease of eight per cent from last year 's average or 518,000 . Regular season regional numbers for the Leafs have long hovered around the half million mark . Sportsnet recorded its best numbers of the year ( 515,000 ) with Toronto versus Carolina on Nov. 20 . “ While the ratings have n't been where we would like them to be , they certainly are ahead of where they were at the end of last season , ” said Sportsnet president Scott Moore . “ I think the hardcore fans are buying into a plan , and they have n't given up the way the fans did at the end of last year. ” “ We 'd always be happier to have the Leafs in contention and vying for a Stanley Cup , but I think the team was very clear with the fans with what to expect . I 'm not personally all that surprised that they 've had some success , as it 's not such a bad idea to lower expectations and then hopefully exceed them . ”
Moore said the cannibalization from the Jays did hurt the Leafs off the top , but he did n't regard that as a bad thing , as that success pushed Sportsnet to the No . 1 sports brand in the country . He notes another victory , as the hockey/baseball 1-2 punch in October helped Sportsnet.ca beat TSN.ca for the first time , according to Comscore 's digital tracking . Sportsnet does n't break out numbers for its national Saturday night games , but the numbers for all the games hover around the two million mark , which is fine .
Article Continued Below
Rogers needs the Leafs to be good to really reap the rewards of the massive $ 5.2 billion NHL deal , and while the company reported a 10 per cent profit on the deal last year , the way it is structured , the company 's payments to the NHL get bigger each year . With a bleak-looking couple of years expected for the Leafs as they rebuild , the broadcaster is also working on trying to build up other teams , so they are less reliant on Toronto 's hockey team . As well , Rogers has undertaken a broader editorial strategy around focusing on the game 's young stars , although that also took a hit with the injury to Edmonton Oilers phenom Connor McDavid . Moore admits the numbers has led the company to lower its ad rates , but he looks at the improving numbers and expects the Leafs ' average to climb and even out by season 's end .
Comex Gold Deliveries vs. the Shanghai Gold Exchange
Comex vs. the Shanghai Gold Exchange
Extreme mismatch in volumes of physical gold delivered highlights the paper contract nature of the United States Comex vs. the physical delivery nature of the Chinese Shanghai Gold Exchange
How Much Gold Is Actually Delivered on Comex ?
Earlier this month in “ Chinese vs. United States Gold Demand – Perspective ” we made a series of comparisions of the volume of physical gold deliveries on the Shanghai Gold Exchange with the volume of American Gold Eagle coins sold . One comparison showed that in just the first three weeks of January , the volume of gold in tons delivered on the Shanghai Gold Exhange was more than twelve times the amount in tons of American Gold Eagles sold during 2014 .
The West Sells Paper Gold Contracts , While the East Buys Physical Gold
This was perhaps an unfair comparision as the American Gold Eagle market is a mixed collector/investor one . The U.S. Comex is strictly an investment market as is the Chinese Shanghai Gold Exchange . The major difference between the two is the former is largely a paper market and the latter , a physical one . While Comex traders buy and sell long and short gold contracts , Shanghai Gold Exchange traders buy and sell physical gold bullion .
Many commentators have been prediciting a collapse of the Comex . These annual predictions fail to take into account that the Comex traders ( largely made up of bullion banks ) are not interested in taking physical delivery of gold . Comex is a place where traders sell gold they do n't have to people who do n't want to take delivery . A Comex default , therefore , is highly unlikely because the traders there know its all about exposure to the price of gold , not the taking of delivery of it . The Shanghai Gold Exchange in contrast , is all about taking delivery of physical gold .
Here is a chart that highlights how little gold is actually delivered on Comex , especially when compared to the amount of gold delivered on the Shanghai Gold Exchange .
Here is a chart from Nick Laird of Sharelynx showing Comex deliveries and stockpiles of gold from 2006-2014 :
Comex Gold Deliveries and Stock Piles 2006-2016
CBPP reminds us that the Bush tax cuts totally failed to deliver , even before the financial collapse :
And the story is even worse for believers in tax-cut magic if you include the Clinton years ; some of us remember the confident predictions that the 1993 tax hike would lead to a catastrophic recession .
You might have thought that an ideology that failed so dramatically would have been to at least some extent abandoned . But noooo : belief in tax-cut magic is central to the Ryan plan , and aspiring GOP candidates like Pawlenty seem to be in a race to see who can go more overboard in supply-side faith . Oh , and if you do n't believe their claims , you do n't trust the American people .
What will it take before the GOP drops voodoo as its official religion ?
On Thursday , the New York Times published an exhaustively reported exposé on a long history of alleged sexual harassment on the part of Hollywood power house Harvey Weinstein . Weinstein has since been fired from the Weinstein Company , and numerous individuals who have worked with him have spoken out against his alleged behavior—including Meryl Streep , Judi Dench and Glenn Close—but actress Rose McGowan thinks there is more justice to mete out .
In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter , McGowan—who was named by the Times as one of the several women who came to financial settlements with Weinstein—is ready to declare this a new era of accountability for creepy dudes abusing their power , and for the people who protect them :
“ Men in Hollywood need to change ASAP , ” McGowan told THR . “ Hollywood 's power is dying because society has changed and grown , and yet Hollywood male behavior has not . It is so not a good look . In the way cooler than Hollywood world I live and work in , I am actually embarrassed to be associated with it . ”
Weinstein may be gone from his company , but how many more such predators lurk in the shadows , or receive awards in plain sight ? McGowan seems to think that repercussions need to extend further and more severely to include those who ignore what 's going on right in front of them , telling THR , “ I 'm calling on the board to resign effective immediately , ” and tweeting the same .
There are four remaining members on the board at Weinstein company—Robert Weinstein , Lance Maerov , Richard Koenigsberg and Tarak Ben Ammar . According to the NYT report , Weinstein 's predilections were an open secret in the office , with women even dressing down in parkas so as avoid his attention . It seems unlikely that board members could have been unaware of his behavior , but whether they 'll take more responsibility for it remains to be seen .
Advertisement
McGowan reportedly settled with Weinstein for $ 100,000 over an incident of sexual harassment , which allegedly took place in a hotel room in 1997 during the Sundance Film Festival , though she has declined to comment on these details officially . McGowan does , however , have a message for other women in Hollywood , one that echoes her previous statements on the industry :
http : //educate-yourself.org/cn/protestatboxerlosangeles25feb06.shtml
February 25 , 2006
Forward courtesy of RPeterson < 10SNE2 @ prodigy.net >
PROTEST DEMONSTRATION
THURSDAY , MARCH 23 , 2006
TIME : 9 A.M. – 2:00 P.M .
LOCATION : 312 North Spring Street , Los Angeles , California 90012
Senator Barbara Boxer 's Office
( Corner of Spring & Temples Streets – Downtown Los Angeles )
PROTECT AGRICULTURE !
STOP
EXPERIMENTAL WEATHER MODIFICATION WITHOUT AGRICULTURE & PUBLIC OVERSIGHT
U.S. SENATE BILL 517 & U.S. HOUSE BILL 2995
CONTACTS :
Rosalind Peterson E-Mail : info @ californiaskywatch.com ( 707 ) 485-7520
Post Office Box 499 , Redwood Valley , California 95470
Bridget Conroy E-Mail : bcolemanconroy8 @ yahoo.com
K. Ornstein “ Right to Breathe Healthy Air ”
E-Mail : kathyornstein @ hotmail.com
AGRICULTURE ALERT - 2006
EXPERIMENTAL WEATHER MODIFICATION BILL FAST TRACKING FOR PASSAGE IN U.S. SENATE & HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
By Rosalind Peterson
U.S. Senate Bill 517 and U.S. House Bill 2995 , a bill that would allow experimental weather modification by artificial methods and implement a national weather modification policy , does not include agriculture or public oversight , is on the “ fast track ” to be passed early in 2006 . This bill is designed to implement experimental weather modification . The appointed Board of Directors established by this bill does not include any agricultural , water , EPA , or public representatives , and has no provisions for Congressional , State , County , or public oversight of their actions or expenditures .
Weather Modification may adversely impact agricultural crops and water supplies . If the weather is changed in one state , region or county it may have severe consequences in another region , state or county . And who is going to decide the type of weather modification experimentation and who it will benefit or adversely impact ?
This experimental weather modification bill will impact residents across the United States not just in California . Many current and ongoing weather modification programs ( 47 listed by NOAA in 2005 ) , including the one in Wyoming that is designed to increase the snowpack , may be diverting rainwater away from Oklahoma and Texas , two states that are currently fighting fires caused by a lack of rainfall . We have no idea what the unintended consequences of the Wyoming action or other experimental weather modification programs might be now or in the future .
In addition to the experimental weather modification programs listed by NOAA , there are both private and ongoing government sponsored atmospheric testing and heating programs underway in Alaska and across the United States . Alaska Senator Stevens recently received $ 50 million in funding for Alaska 's atmospheric heating program .
All of these unregulated , private , government , and public weather modification programs , may also have unintended synergistic effects . Senate Bill 517 does not address these issues but intends to implement more experimental weather modification programs without a national debate or public oversight .
Artificial weather modification can impact all of us by reducing water supplies , changing agricultural crop production cycles , reducing crop production , and water availability . Since most experimental weather modification programs use chemicals released into the atmosphere the public could be subjected increasingly toxic or unknown substances that could adversely impact agricultural crops and trees .
Trimethyl Aluminum ( TMA ) and barium are just two of the toxic chemicals used in recent atmospheric heating and testing programs according to NASA . The Alaska H.A.A.R.P . atmospheric heating program may have the capability of changing the Jet Stream which could also change our weather .
Many private weather modification companies admit that precipitation effects may be positive or negative . Fog dispersal programs , using dry ice , liquid nitrogen , liquid propane or silver iodide may improve visibility while adversely impacting Redwood Trees along the California coast by depriving them of needed water they derive from the fog .
The increasing use of varied chemicals like aluminum ( coupled with increasing air pollution ) , can severely impact tree health by depriving trees of water and nutrients normally absorbed through their root systems .
The December 2005 Popular Science Magazine discussed a plan to use an oil slick to stop hurricanes without noting the adverse environmental impacts of the oil used to cover the ocean .
Popular Science also noted that a private company , Dyn-O-Mat , plans to purchase jets to drop thousands of pounds of a water absorbing chemical powder ( unknown substance ) , into hurricanes to absorb moisture that may dissipate hurricanes . There is no agriculture oversight or public hearings to determine the consequences of this and other actions or to monitor or prevent adverse impacts of this chemical once it falls on the surface of the ocean or on land .
Alaska and other areas across the United States are beginning to feel the impacts of climate change . Enormous changes are being seen in the declining health of native plant and tree communities in many areas across the United States .
NASA noted in an October 2005 newsletter that increasingly persistent contrails are “ …trapping warmth in the atmosphere and exacerbating global warming… ” NASA goes on to note that : “ …Any increase in global cloud cover will contribute to long-term changes in Earth 's climate . Likewise , any change in Earth 's climate may have effects on natural resources… ”
Global dimming and the persistent contrails , that produce man-made clouds , may have serious impacts on crop production . A recent corn crop study in Illinois shows that cloud cover reduces corn crop production while direct sunlight increases production . In addition , increasing man-made clouds may reduce the effectiveness of solar panels .
Gil Smolin , an Avian Bird Flu expert , noted on the Ron Owens Show on KGO Radio ( January 5 , 2006 ) , that the flu was spread more quickly in the winter when there was a “ lack of sunlight ” . Would man-made clouds be contributing to the lack of sunlight which might cause the Avian Bird flu to spread more quickly at other times of the year ? Experimental weather modification programs could also exacerbate this problem by changing climate patterns , increasing man-made cloud cover , and changing our weather and climate patterns .
Senate Bill 517 does not address any of these important issues . Its sole purpose is to establish an experimental weather modification policy without any agriculture or public oversight of private , military , and government programs . Without oversight or public hearings agriculture , our natural resources , and watersheds may be negatively impacted . And who will be responsible to determine the synergistic effects of these programs or pay for unintended disasters created by this experimentation . If these programs change growing seasons and interrupt the pollination process crop losses could be substantial exacerbating economic losses .
Please contact all of your elected local , state and federal officials to stop this bill in its present form . This bill needs to have appropriate agriculture and public oversight , with public hearings included , prior to any more experimental projects . We need a national dialogue on this subject before more experimentation takes place .
For more information please contact :
Rosalind Peterson
Post Office Box 499
Redwood Valley , California 95470
( 707 ) 485-7520
E-Mail : info @ californiaskywatch.com
Rosalind Peterson was born and raised on a working farm in Redwood Valley , California . The weather was the foremost factor in determining whether or not our tree crops produced fruit and nuts .
Between 1989 and 1993 Rosalind worked as an Agricultural Technologist for the Mendocino County Department of Agriculture . After leaving Mendocino County she took a position with the USDA Farm Service Agency as a Program Assistant in Mendocino , Sonoma , and the Salinas County Offices .
In 1995 , she became a certified U.S.D.A . Farm Service Agency Crop Loss Adjustor working in more than ten counties throughout California . Many crop losses throughout the State can be attributed to weather related causes .
Rosalind has a BA degree from Sonoma State University in Environmental Studies & Planning ( ENSP ) , with emphasis on agriculture and crop production .
Recommended Book : The Dying of the Trees , by Charles Little 1995
Associated Reference Articles :
http : //www.medicalnewstoday.com/medicalnews.php ? newsid=36105 #
http : //www.usatoday.com/tech/science/2005-12-19-wyoming-cloud-seeding_x.htm
http : //www.popsci.com/popsci/science/c955700641f87010vgnvcm1000004eecbccdrcrd.html
http : //asd-www.larc.nasa.gov/GLOBE/Count/Oct2005/ConEdNews_p1.pdf
http : //asd-www.larc.nasa.gov/GLOBE/Count/Oct2005/ConEdNews_p2.pdf
http : //asd-www.larc.nasa.gov/GLOBE/Count/Oct2005/ConEdNews_p3.pdf
http : //asd-www.larc.nasa.gov/GLOBE/Count/Oct2005/ConEdNews_p4.pdf
http : //asd-www.larc.nasa.gov/GLOBE/Count/Oct2005/ConEdNews_p6.pdf
http : //asd-www.larc.nasa.gov/GLOBE/Count/Oct2005/ConEdNews_p7.pdf
http : //asd-www.larc.nasa.gov/GLOBE/Count/Oct2005/ConEdNews_p8.pdf
Nike knows how to whip their fans into a frenzy and one of the most effective ways is the Quickstrike release . This megaton bomb method of pushing product is set to happen this weekend in honor of the upcoming Puerto Rican Day Parade in New York .
The Nike Air Trainer 1 Mid PRM QS Puerto Rico features rich white tumbled leather on the upper smothered in red and blue mesh for a visceral display of boutique pride . In order to ensure that these are n't mistakenly used for patriotic purposes , an embroidered frog on the tongue and flag on the heel are in place to let you know what time it is .
The drop is set for this weekend at select Nike retailers , including Kasina who will have them in stock since they are a Quickstrike release .
If you are lucky enough to get a pair no one will judge you for screaming `` Wepa ! '' at the register during check out .
Kasina
Kasina
A man spray-paints a lawn in Southern California during a severe drought . ( CBS ) A man spray-paints a lawn in Southern California during a severe drought . ( CBS )
LOS ANGELES ( CBS SF ) — Homeowners in Los Angeles are facing tough choices in keeping their lawns green during a devastating drought , pushing some far enough to spray paint them .
Business for lawn painters like Kerry McCoy is booming now that the state is sanctioning homeowners for excessive water use .
“ As soon as the water sanctions hit , and as soon as people find their water bills rising , they 're looking for ways to cut back on their expenses , and that 's when they start calling , ” she said .
More : KPIX Drought Coverage
Painters color match parts of the lawn that are still green using dyes mixed with water , and sprayed onto the grass .
McCoy says the grass does n't die completely , and when winter rains come , the lawn will turn green again on their own .
With International Women 's Day right around the corner , it 's worthwhile to celebrate the gains we 've made and assess where we stand now .
Over the years , the word “ feminism ” has taken on so much baggage that its meaning has become fuzzy and confusing . All too often , young women believe that feminists hate men , do n't shower , and complain endlessly without taking real action .
If you ask five women in the Millennial Generation whether they 're `` feminists , '' you will likely get mixed answers . But if you ask the same women whether they support family-friendly workplaces and more women in leadership , you 'd probably get a different response .
To clarify the confusion , here are six common myths about feminism .
1 . Feminists hate men and reject femininity .
Feminists have developed a bad reputation . Today , young women often believe that feminists hate men , swear off marriage and children , and reject anything traditionally feminine . But in reality , feminism is not about hating the opposite sex or behaving exactly like a man . You can be a feminist and wear high heels . You can be a feminist and bake chocolate chip cookies . At its core , feminism is the fundamental belief that men and women should have equal opportunities to pursue their dreams .
2 . Feminists are supposed to defy tradition .
When I was in law school , one of my classmates criticized women who changed their last names after marriage . In her view , every woman who took her husband 's last name was letting the rest of womankind down . I disagreed and believe that women should stop judging other women for their personal choices . Feminism is not about telling anyone what they “ should ” do – it 's about empowering women with the freedom to forge their own path . Whether a woman wants to run a household or a corporation , she should n't be held back by the negativity and judgment of others .
3 . Feminists blame others for their problems .
Today , feminists believe in a combination of personal action and institutional support . Women can take matters into their own hands by choosing a supportive life partner , increasing their self-confidence , negotiating for raises , and pursuing leadership roles . On top of women 's individual efforts , family-friendly policies ( such as parental leave and flexible work schedules ) can enable women to climb the corporate ladder while raising children . Several studies show that family-friendly companies enjoy higher levels of employee engagement , productivity , and retention .
4 . Feminism only benefits women .
People often forget that gender roles impact both men and women . If all women are supposed to be submissive , then all men are supposed to be dominant . But what about the woman who is a natural born leader ? What about the man with a kind and gentle soul ? Strictly-defined gender roles hurt men and women . As actress Emma Watson said in a speech to the United Nations , “ Both men and women should feel free to be sensitive . Both men and women should feel free to be strong . It is time that we all perceive gender on a spectrum , instead of two sets of opposing ideals . ”
5 . We do n't need feminism anymore .
American women have made tremendous strides in the past century . But we still lag behind men at the highest levels of leadership . Women make up only 14.6 % of executive officers and 4.6 % of Fortune 500 CEOs , according to the Center for American Progress . When it comes to pay , full-time working women earned 78 cents for every dollar earned by men in 2013 , according to the Institute for Women 's Policy Research . Although the “ feminist ” label has fallen out of favor , both women and men can benefit from family-friendly workplaces and strong female leaders .
6 . There is one definition of feminism .
Feminism means different things to different people . Instead of asking what all women want , it 's much easier to ask what you want and create a plan for achieving it . To me , feminism is the ability to pursue your dreams without being defined or constricted by your gender . Whether you call it feminism , humanism , or retention of talent , I also believe the companies should adopt policies that make it easier for both men and women to raise families and achieve work-life balance .
A hitchhiking ghost , a haunted ambulance station and a strange apparition that appears at Jenny Dixon Beach are just a few of the eerie tales reported by Central Coast residents .
Like every community , stories of weird unexplained happenings persist in the annals of local folklore .
One of the best known concerns the hitchhiking ghost of Wilfred Barrett Drive , between Magenta and Noraville .
The legend has been around for more than 40 years with numerous reports of a young girl with flowing hair wearing a long white dress seen hitching along a lonely stretch of the road .
Witnesses claim they have picked her up . She gets in the back seat , they say , and talks a little , but mysteriously disappears by the time the car gets to Norahville Cemetery .
media_camera Hitchhiking ghost haunts coast road
Many believe it 's the ghost of a young girl heading home from work in the 1970s who was pulled into a car and viciously attacked and raped by five youths .
She was later found barely alive at Jenny Dixon Beach , but died as a result of her injuries .
No one was ever charged with her death , but it is believed the five youths , or four depending on which version you hear , died under mysterious and bizarre circumstances .
media_camera A group of campers claims to have seen a strange apparition at Jenny Dixon Beach .
Good friends Julie Baker and Kaye Davison , both of Gorokan , swear they have seen the hitchhiking girl .
The year was 2000 and the women were driving from Gorokan to The Entrance to pick up Melbourne Cup tickets .
It was about 7.30pm and as they travelled along Wilfred Barrett drive heading south , they saw the girl , just opposite the cemetery .
“ We both noticed her beautiful dress , ” Ms Baker said .
media_camera Friends Kaye Davison and Julie Baker of Gorokan believe they saw the hitch-hiking ghost of Wilfred Barrett Drive .
“ It was a long white handkerchief dress and we both commented on it . ”
“ We had seen another girl hitching on Main Rd at Toukley and thought it was dangerous and when we saw a car load of fellows in a car near the girl on Wilfred Barrett Drive we thought we should keep on eye them .
“ So we slowed down and were just about pulled over and she disappeared .
“ There was nowhere for her to go , she just disappeared . ”
Ms Davison , who works at Wyong Police station , describes herself as a sceptic .
“ But since I saw this , I am not sure anymore . I saw what I saw and I know what I saw that night . ”
undefined
The story has also fascinated audio engineer and photographer Christopher Halling , of Watanobbi , for as long as he can remember . He began filming a movie called Jenny Dixon Beach in 2009 .
The movie has been in the can for a few years awaiting a decent sound editor .
Halling wrote and directed the movie , which while based on the legend of the hitch-hiking ghost , has a whole fictious backstory as well based on the cop who tried to find her killers .
media_camera Christopher Halling filming his Jenny Dixon Beach movie .
“ I was always fascinated by the story . Growing up I heard all about it and had friends swear black and blue they had seen the hitch-hiking ghost , ” he said .
Over the years the story of the hitch-hiking ghost has been blended into another famous ghost story in the same area .
In 1973 , four young boys decided to camp for the night at Jenny Dixon Beach .
The boys were 12 years old and set up camp on the beach with a large bonfire , huddled together around the flames . They were almost asleep when one felt compelled to look up towards the bush above .
He saw a woman dressed in a long flowing dress , similar to the fashion of the 1800s .
Her arms were outstretched and the boys began throwing sticks at her which they claimed passed right through her .
Scared witless , the boys ran back up the stairs to the car park . They decided to have one more and saw her standing halfway along the stairs . They bolted home as quickly as they could .
Jenny Dixon Beach was named after a coal schooner Janet Dixon that was swept ashore in treacherous conditions .
The story goes a woman lost her young son when he was swept overboard and the ghostly mum is pleading with people to help find him .
media_camera Annmarie Delahunty , duty operations manager , Central Coast , inspects the upstairs section , of the old Wyong Ambulance Station , where many paramedics have reported paranormal activity .
Lonely stretches of road and windswept beaches are one thing , but strange things also happen at Wyong Ambulance station , according to station crews .
Paramedics are convinced the 62-year-old station is haunted , possibly by the old station master who once lived upstairs , which is now boarded up and no longer used .
Duty inspector Annemarie Dellahunty has only been on the Central Coast for two years and has never seen or heard anything untoward at the old station , but knows plenty who have .
“ Some have said cups fly off the bench , the kitchen fan moves when there is no wind , ” she said .
“ Others have said something brushes past their face when they are walking and something taps their feet .
“ A lot of ambos do n't like doing the night shift here . ”
Some officers report hearing footsteps upstairs , doors closing for no reason and the feeling of being held down in their seats .
“ The stories are widespread amongst Central Coast crews , ” Ms Dellahunty said .
media_camera Tall Timbers Hotel licensee Kellie Holm says she is skeptical about stories of a ghost in the 100 year old pub .
Another urban legend revolves around the ghostly bride of Tall Timbers Hotel at Ourimbah .
Legend has it a bride died on her wedding night in one of the upstairs rooms not long after the 100 year old pub opened .
“ One of our permanent residents insisted the story was true , ” licensee Kellie Holm said .
“ The story goes that people have seen her walking up and down the corridor in her wedding dress . ”
Ms Holm 's dad Mick Trembath owned the hotel from 1988 to 2006 and she spent her teenage years living at the pub .
“ I never heard or saw a thing and I was a teenage girl , and if I did n't see anything at that age , no-one would have seen anything , ” she said .
The phrase comes from an episode in the Cervantes novel wherein protagonist Don Quixote fights windmills that he imagines are giants . A relevant portion of the novel states :
Just then they came in sight of thirty or forty windmills that rise from that plain . And no sooner did Don Quixote see them that he said to his squire , `` Fortune is guiding our affairs better than we ourselves could have wished . Do you see over yonder , friend Sancho , thirty or forty hulking giants ? I intend to do battle with them and slay them . With their spoils we shall begin to be rich for this is a righteous war and the removal of so foul a brood from off the face of the earth is a service God will bless . ''
`` What giants ? '' asked Sancho Panza .
`` Those you see over there , '' replied his master , `` with their long arms . Some of them have arms well nigh two leagues in length . ''
`` Take care , sir , '' cried Sancho . `` Those over there are not giants but windmills . Those things that seem to be their arms are sails which , when they are whirled around by the wind , turn the millstone . ''
Written by Patrick Howell O'Neill
Windows XP is old , insecure , and yet somehow still one of the most popular operating systems in the world . Over 100 million users this year include millions of consumers in China , professionals around the world in the healthcare industry , and the U.S. military are stuck on the ancient software .
New research from Duo found tens of thousands of devices using Windows XP with Internet Explorer 7 and 8 , a hurricane of insecurity boasting hundreds of critical vulnerabilities in software that has n't been officially supported for nearly three years . The problems are not hypothetical : Hackers who attacked Target in 2013 to steal millions of created cards are reported to have used a Windows XP exploit to first gain entry .
Out-of-date software used by the U.S. government has increasingly been a point of political controversy , especially since the Office of Personnel Management suffered a massive and high-profile hack that was finally revealed in 2015 . Sensitive data for over 21 million individuals was stolen by the attacker , widely assumed to be the Chinese government , including vast amounts of security clearance background information .
Other agencies are increasingly under the magnifying glass as cybersecurity rises to a ubiquitous focus across government . Citing the use of old and insecure software in agencies like the Department of Education and NASA , Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( R-Utah ) believes more and even worse breaches are inevitable .
“ I think it 's already happened , ” Chaffetz warned earlier this year . “ I have no proof of it but I 've been ringing this bell for a long time . ”
The Department of Defense has in recent years paid millions of dollars for extended support on Windows XP . The Pentagon updated many of its Windows XP devices to Windows 2003 within the last six months , according to Chaffetz . The DOD , Army , and Navy have been running “ Windows XP eradication efforts ” over the last year .
“ It takes just one out-of-date device to compromise your entire organization—attackers will target devices with exploitable , older versions of software in order to steal your data , ” Duo researcher Tuo Pham wrote .
Most Windows XP users are stuck on Internet Explorer , according to Duo . Twenty percent of Internet Explorer users are running unsupported versions ( 8 , 9 , 10 ) that are incapable of receiving security patches . Just 3 percent are using Edge , the latest Windows browser . That leaves 80 percent with Internet Explorer 11 .
But Windows XP users ca n't even upgrade to a supported and secure version of a Microsoft browser , leaving millions unprotected while browsing the web . Better options would be using alternative browsers like Mozilla Firefox , Google Chrome or Opera .
Windows XP 's versions of Internet Explorer use insecure add-ons that are n't even supported in most modern browsers . Sixty-two percent of devices running Internet Explorer have an out-of-date version of Adobe Flash installed . Ninety-eight percent of the devices analyzed by Duo that use Internet Explorer also have Java installed .
Most Windows devices are running older software , including 65 percent on Windows 7 , a version that will receive security updates through 2020 . The Duo researchers argue that Windows 10—which 24 percent of Windows users are updated to—is a significantly more secure operating system than its popular predecessor .
“ That leaves the majority of users on Microsoft operating systems and browsers open to vulnerabilities and a potential malware infection , which can be passed onto your environment if they log into your applications with risky devices , ” Pham explained .
LinkData U-Bike NEV CES
The Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas is almost upon us . While typically a show focused on gadgets and technology , cars are increasingly becoming a large part of the show . This year , for instance , we 'll get to see the debut of the Fisker EMotion . Another , lesser-known ( at least among the U.S. automotive circuit ) company from China will also bring a vehicle to CES . Beijing-based telecom and battery company LinkData will debut theU-Bikeneighborhoodelectric vehicle ( NEV ) at the show .
Teased in the image above , the LinkData U-Bike is powered by lithium-ion batteries provided by shareholder Panasonic . With a driving range of 62 miles and a weight of just 396 pounds , the U-Bike is meant to be an efficient solution for short-distance commutes . LinkData says its new NEV will be equipped with an “ intelligent interconnection function , ” as well as a pair of portable batteries .
Other than that , details on the LinkData U-Bike are scarce . We 'll have more information when the vehicle has its official debut in January .
MBC 's upcoming Wednesday-Thursday drama “ Shopping King Louie ” has held its first script reading meeting .
On July 15 , actors Seo In Guk , Nam Ji Hyun , Yoon Sang Hyun , and more gathered at MBC for the drama 's first script reading .
Before the reading began , head of the drama department Lee Chang Sup said , “ This drama has the word ‘ king ' in it , so I hope this drama reigns on the top during September . ”
Seo In Guk , who plays the lonely yet handsome Louie , is said to have become his character right away and showed off charms that have never been seen before .
Nam Ji Hyun , playing the optimistic character Go Bok Shil , seemed very lovely which made everyone anticipate the chemistry between her and Seo In Guk even more .
Producing director ( PD ) Lee Sang Yeop said , “ Although the settings may seem a bit exaggerated , I believe in the actors ' talents to make it all work . Let 's do our best to make this a heart-warming drama that will remain in the viewers ' minds for a long time . ”
“ Shopping King Louie ” is a romantic comedy about a man suffering from memory loss who gets dropped into the middle of Seoul and a woman named Go Bok Shil who is bad with computers .
It will air in September after “ W ” finishes its run .
Are you looking forward to this drama ?
Source ( 1 )
Israel and its apologists react in fury when anyone likens the oppression of Palestinians to South Africa 's white supremacist system of apartheid toward blacks , but the comparison is growing harder and harder to dispute , a disturbing reality that ex-CIA analyst Paul R. Pillar examines .
By Paul R. Pillar
Several factors contributed to the demise of apartheid in the land where that term originated , South Africa . Inspired and timely leadership within South Africa was an important ingredient . But international agitation and pressure , based on a widespread sense of moral outrage , undoubtedly were also critical . The international response included unofficial boycotts and official sanctions , with great and lesser powers alike contributing .
International opposition to the most conspicuous current example of apartheid , Israeli subjugation of Palestinian Arabs , is not nearly as ubiquitous as opposition to the South African variety had become near its end in the early 1990s . But there are signs that it is growing .
Organized efforts are aimed at boycotting products from settlements Israel has built in occupied territory in the West Bank . A recent noteworthy departure in the policy of a major power was Germany 's refusal to toe the Israeli line in a vote in the United Nations General Assembly .
To the extent that international opposition to Israel 's conduct toward the Palestinians may indeed be growing , there are good reasons . One is a realization that the Israeli version of apartheid is very similar in important respects to the South African version , and that moral equivalence ought to follow from empirical equivalence .
Both versions have included grand apartheid , meaning the denial of basic political rights , and petty apartheid , which is the maintaining of separate and very unequal facilities and opportunities in countless aspects of daily life .
Some respects in which Israelis may contend their situation is different , such as facing a terrorist threat , do not really involve a difference . The African National Congress , which has been the ruling party in South Africa since the end of apartheid there , had significant involvement in terrorism when it was confronting the white National Party government . That government also saw the ANC as posing a communist threat .
A fitting accompaniment to the similarities between the two apartheid systems is the historical fact that when the South African system still existed , Israel was one of South Africa 's very few international friends or partners . Israel was the only state besides South Africa itself that ever dealt with the South African bantustans as accepted entities . Israel cooperated with South Africa on military matters , possibly even to the extent of jointly conducting a secret test of a nuclear weapon in a remote part of the Indian Ocean in 1979 .
The sheer passage of time probably has reduced the reluctance of some to confront Israel about its system of apartheid . As each year goes by , it seems less justifiable for horrors that were inflicted on the Jewish people in the past to be a reason to give a pass to whatever are the policies of the present day 's Jewish state no matter how oppressive those policies may be to another people .
Less than five years from now will be the 50th anniversary of the war that Israel launched and used to seize the West Bank and other Arab territory ; maybe the half-century mark will be an occasion for even more people to observe that what exists in the occupied territories is a well-entrenched system of subjugation .
Meanwhile , the lock that Benjamin Netanyahu and his right-wing coalition have on Israeli politics provide frequent opportunities to see through obfuscatory rhetoric and perceive the intention to make that subjugation permanent .
Nonetheless , other factors will make it difficult to mobilize against Israeli apartheid anything like the international consensus that arose to confront the South African version . The European history linked with Zionism and the establishment of Israel still weighs heavily on this issue . Since the Balfour Declaration the concept of an exclusive national home for the Jewish people has been widely accepted , quite unlike anything ever bestowed on the Afrikaaners or white South Africans generally .
Related to that is the charge of anti-Semitism that is quickly injected into any significant discussion that questions Israeli policies . And related to that is the very large role that toeing the Israeli government line plays as political orthodoxy in the most important global power , the United States .
Some observers hopefully see signs that this orthodoxy may be weakening , pointing to indications such as resistance at the Democratic convention this summer to a resolution about Jerusalem . Perhaps if President Obama appoints , and gets confirmed , Chuck Hagel as Secretary of Defense in the face of the opposition that the Israel lobby is already cranking up , that will become another data point suggesting the harmful political orthodoxy may be weakening .
Another impediment to mobilizing against Israeli apartheid concerns the desired end-state of the Palestinian situation . Officially , even according to the Israelis , that goal is the two-state solution : separate states for Jews and Arabs . This makes the situation different from South Africa , in which the objective in dismantling apartheid there was always going to involve a one-state solution .
Israeli governments such as Netanyahu 's thus can continue to pretend to seek a two-state solution , treating the situation in the West Bank not as one of permanent subjugation but as only a temporary problem involving “ disputed territory. ” And if the ostensible goal is a Palestinian state , this inevitably muddies the issue of Palestinian rights and Palestinian life under Israeli rule .
Why get agitated about the details of the Palestinians ' lives today , the Israelis can say , when if the Palestinians just stop terrorizing and start negotiating they can have a state of their own ? Indefinitely maintaining the illusion of wanting a two-state solution is a reason Netanyahu , despite the willingness of some in his party and coalition to let the cat out of the bag regarding their true intentions , has stopped short of steps that would clearly kill off the two-state solution .
That is why his recent “ punishment ” of the Palestinians involving expansion of settlements into the critical E1 zone involved the initiation of planning and zoning but may never lead to actual building .
Meanwhile , Israelis can keep muddling through , relying on their armed might and believing genuinely that they can maintain their superior position indefinitely . By cordoning off , and periodically clobbering , the patch of blockaded misery known as the Gaza Strip , Jewish Israelis can remain a majority in the rest of the land they control . That is not something that white South Africans could ever hope for .
The overall conclusion of this comparison between the two versions of apartheid is disconcerting . In any meaningful moral ( or legal ) sense , the Israeli system of apartheid warrants just as much active international opposition as the South African system did . But for a combination of historical and political reasons , it is substantially more difficult to mount such opposition .
There is also the problem of leadership . The current leadership situation on the Israeli side gives little reason for hope for responsiveness even if substantially greater international opposition could be mobilized .
But then again , it would have been hard to predict that F. W. de Klerk would have taken the historic steps he did . A Nelson Mandela on the other side would help , too . It 's hard to see one , but maybe Marwan Barghouti could play that role if the Israelis would let him .
Paul R. Pillar , in his 28 years at the Central Intelligence Agency , rose to be one of the agency 's top analysts . He is now a visiting professor at Georgetown University for security studies . ( This article first appeared as a blog post at The National Interest 's Web site . Reprinted with author 's permission . )
In an interview with the UK 's Telegraph newspaper , Tim Cook said that while people might see limited reasons to want an Apple Watch today , they will soon find lots of other uses for it . The interview took place during a London stop in Cook 's international tour .
This will be just like the iPhone : people wanted it and bought for a particular reason , perhaps for browsing , but then found out that they loved it for all sorts of other reasons .
One of those reasons , he said , would be to replace your car keyfob …
NordVPN
Cook did n't hint at an Apple car , but rather appeared to be suggesting that deals with existing manufacturers for either NFC or Bluetooth unlocking would be struck .
The watch is designed to be able to replace car keys and the clumsy , large fobs that are now used by many vehicles , Cook told The Telegraph . This could be a major development and will reinforce the view that Apple is circling the automotive market .
Business Insider noted that Apple already has a patent for car unlocking via an iPhone app .
Cook reiterated the health applications of the smartwatch , repeating his regular line about too much sitting being bad for us and noting that the Apple Watch will gently tap our wrists once an hour to remind us to move , but also hinted at ‘ rewards ' for exercising .
Even more intriguingly , the Watch will operate a special rewards system : users will get credits if they exercise enough . They will also be encouraged to increase their metabolic targets if they meet their exercise targets consistently .
While the Telegraph seemed to be suggesting something more , it 's likely Cook is merely referring to the Nike+ style badges .
Perhaps being rewarded for every single moment of exercise–even using a loofah to scrub our backs–will be a good reason to leave the watch on in the shower …
Cook said that the watch will allow “ filtering ” of messages .
It will make it much easier to prioritise , spot and react to urgent messages , such as a family emergency . These notifications will be much easier to deal with via one 's wrist than through an iPhone , especially in meetings .
The Apple CEO also repeated that the battery-life would be just one day , though did promise fast charging through the “ incredible ” charger he said is designed for efficiency as well as beauty .
We 'll obviously hear much more about the Apple Watch in the next couple of weeks , with Apple 's Spring forward event scheduled for 9th March ahead of an expected April release . Jewelry and watch people have already been sharing their views , and it 's likely we 'll hear a lot more of their perspective–and see some more competitor offerings–at the Baselworld trade show later in March .
Six months in jail is a long time . Especially when you 're an artist facing a chasm of irrelevance . However , DMX has spent the last several years desperately hanging above that bottomless hole . It 's already been a turbulent year for the former Ruff Ryder that began in early January with Redemption Of The Beast , an album shrouded by a questionable release . A month before , his guest cameo on Chris Rock vehicle Top Five was seen as a glimmer of light in a dark tunnel . Fast forward to June , Mr. Earl Simmons is arrested for over $ 400,000 worth of unpaid child support , a warrant for bail jumping and a robbery complaint . Now , the Grand Champ will spend half-a-year behind bars . At this point , does it make any sense to hold out for his highly anticipated album with Swizz Beatz ? Well , only if holding one 's breath is the best way for a slow , painful death .
At this point DMX is a lost soul . He 's the uncle that had a more promising future than your parents but wound up alone and an alcoholic . Then again , they always gave the best drunk advice and their life turned into a lesson of things to avoid . From X 's career , there are numerous lessons one can learn . Here 's a quick rundown :
All drugs except weed lead to a downward spiral . There 's a real reason why everyone in the vein of Devin Tha Dude , Snoop Dogg , Curren $ y and Wiz Khalifa seem cool as shit even in the midst of shenanigans .
Never attempt to impersonate FBI personnel . Those lacking the legal shelter DMX had can get a maximum of three years , long probation and a hefty fine .
Internal holy wars makes atheism sound totally acceptable as Jesus nor Satan can help Dark Man X. Dude mentioned several conversations with Satan and prays to that Lord and Saviour dude on every album . Hell , Iyanla could n't even fix his life .
Child support for twelve children can be very costly , might want to slow down on the unnecessary expenditures ranging from value depreciating vehicles to costly side-pieces .
Avoid getting arrested in Arizona ; it 's a historically racist state that makes prisoners wear pink panties .
Never let any of the above affect the music because when all said and done , this is where all one 's fame and fortune is attained .
The year was 1998 when DMX managed to create two platinum-selling albums with It 's Dark and Hell Is Hot and Flesh Of My Flesh , Blood Of My Blood . We all fell into the unhinged cadence of the newly crowned Yonkers legend . The amount of pain X was able to spill on wax was uncomfortable but attractive . The guy had an amazing vision for mood , which captivated you both thematically and sonically . That same recklessness may be his own undoing . Everyone watched as a trainwreck began to happen ; flames and carnage in plain view . Meanwhile , many forget that there are people potentially about to take their last breath . Easily , there 's enough blame to go around . Friends , family , the industry , producers , fans , haters and even X himself . In a year full of pretty amazing music documentaries ranging from Amy to Cobain : Montage Of Heck , hopefully this serves a wake-up call for aspiring emcees and those on the cusp of stardom .
Can DMX be saved before it 's too late ? Anything is possible . Music 's greatest comeback stories always involve those who are able to lift themselves out of certain doom . Drugs and rock and roll are damn near synonymous with each other . Most artists either casually indulge or others overuse and clock out mentally too soon . There 's some hope . Eminem , Lil Wayne and even T.I . successfully conquered their battles with drugs ; making their way out . Then again , for every triumphant outcome , a tragic ending becomes the alternative . ODB , Chris Kelly of Kriss Kross and others met their ends . The best idea for the future , ensuring artists are held accountable before things get out of hand .
After months of discussions and several meetings , four goods and services tax ( GST ) supplementary bills finally got the Lok Sabha 's green signal on Wednesday . While the seven-hour-long debate was on , concerns were raised on many aspects of these bills—a significant one being the anti-profiteering clause . This clause requires businesses to pass on the benefit of input credit or tax reduction to the end consumer by way of a commensurate reduction in prices .
The objective of this move is to protect consumers from inflation after GST implementation . The implementation of GST has often led to some inflationary pressures in countries where this tax is already in place . But while the objective may sound simple , implementing an anti-profiteering clause is fraught with grave risks .
The biggest challenge , according to tax experts , is that of compliance . The government will have to ask for pre- and post-GST cost sheet of each product and calculate the pre-GST tax rate and post-GST tax rate for each and every item to understand the quantum of tax benefit that a supplier should get .
“ There is still no clarity on how will they calculate the profit an organization made , will it be net basis or gross basis , a body will be needed to govern the whole process and for how long and how minutely will they be monitoring businesses to understand whether benefits have been passed on , '' said Anita Rastogi , who looks at indirect tax and GST in PwC India .
After all , movement in prices could be due to a host of reasons such as the demand-supply scenario , competition and in certain cases , prices of a commodity in international markets , the level of the currency and so on . Which authority has the means to track all these aspects and conclude whether the prices should be passed on or not , ask tax experts .
“ This is just like expecting banks to lower lending rates because the central bank has lowered repo rate ; practically , it never works this way ; there are a lot of other factors that can determine movement in price of goods . For services , this may be easier to calculate and track , but for manufactured goods , it is very difficult , '' said Madan Sabnavis , chief economist at CARE Ratings .
However , despite so much ambiguity , the government is pushing hard for the GST roll-out to begin from 1 July . Corporates , especially small and medium enterprises , are ill-prepared as the infrastructure is still not in place to deal with changes that GST would bring along and in such a scenario , going ahead with something as complex as the anti-profiteering clause may lead to a lot of disruption .
“ Take the example of Malaysia . GST was implemented there in April 2015 . The anti-profiteering clause has been a complete disaster because of lack of preparation , '' added Banerjee .
Voicing a similar concern , some economists added that in Australia , GST was implemented in 2000 and companies there were aware a year in advance that an anti-profiteering law was to be implemented ; so they had enough time to prepare accordingly and their competition commission was also geared up accordingly . In India 's case , it was only in the second draft in November 2016 that it was announced that this clause would be made mandatory .
What corporates are also worried about is whether the anti-profiteering clause will result in witch-hunting by tax authorities . “ The fear among corporates with respect to anti-profiteering is that it gives lot of power to the taxmen who may misuse it and harass taxpayers since a slew of indirect taxes will now be out of window and with that , their access to taxpayers would lessen , '' said Sachin Menon , partner and national head ( indirect tax ) at KPMG India .
To conclude , the anti-profiteering clause is yet another poorly thought-out attempt by the government to micro-manage businesses and may well lead to a bureaucratic nightmare . If implemented , it could have a severely deleterious effect both on business and on sentiment at the bourses .
Hassan Whiteside is not saving this season for the Miami Heat .
He 's fun to watch , yes , and counting his rebounds during games has turned into a nightly distraction for Heat fans , but the team 's “ plucked from the D-League ” center is not manna from the heavens . Whiteside has been feasting , but the Heat is still starving in the desert .
This current road trip terminates , mercifully , in San Antonio on Friday with the Heat 's first game against the Spurs since Game 5 of the 2014 NBA Finals . As he did in the Finals , Spurs coach Gregg Popovich has a team that could end this matchup quickly . The Heat , well , the Heat does n't have Dwyane Wade , which means the Heat does n't have much of a chance despite Whiteside averaging 16.8 points , 15.3 rebounds and 3.8 blocks in his last six games while shooting 61.3 percent from the field .
Why the dour tone ? Why so glum ? Just look at some more important numbers .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Playing without Wade these last 4 ½ games has been discouragingly difficult for the Miami Heat . The team is 1-4 in those games , and that 's despite one of the NBA 's best rags-to-riches success stories since Jeremy Lin and the New York Knicks ' “ Linsanity ” in 2012 . “ Hassanity ” has been breathtaking at times , like on Wednesday night when he had 24 points and 20 rebounds against the Minnesota Timberwolves , but his meteoric rise from nothing is n't translating into wins .
Whiteside became just the seventh player in Heat franchise history to record at least 20 points and 20 rebounds on Wednesday , but the Heat still lost to the worst team in the NBA . The Timberwolves ' 102-101 victory was just its fifth at home all season .
“ Every time you lose a close game like that , it 's always a heartbreaker , especially when you fought the whole 48 to get a win , ” Whiteside said . “ I really hate that we lost at the very end like that . We 're going to move on to the Spurs and just keep playing . ”
On Tuesday , the Heat lost to the Detroit Pistons despite 34 points from Chris Bosh . The problem was obvious . The Heat 's guards were collectively awful . They combined for just eight points , with five of those coming from shooting guard Tyler Johnson , who is playing on a 10-day contract .
On Wednesday , the Heat 's guards were excellent — relatively excellent , that is — and the team still lost . That 's what 's most troubling right now for the reeling Heat , which at 21-28 is seven games under .500 for the first time this season and , for the first time , close to slipping down to ninth place in the Eastern Conference .
Take away that whacky inbounds turnover in the final minute between Norris Cole and Whiteside , and , all things considered , Wednesday 's game against the Minnesota Timberwolves was actually a positive step forward for the Heat 's guards . Heat coach Erik Spoelstra challenged his backcourt to be more aggressive , and they were , but it did n't matter .
Consider the transformative effort by the Heat 's guards from one night to the next :
▪ After scoring just one point against the Pistons on Tuesday , Heat guard Mario Chalmers had 12 points and five assists on Wednesday against the Timberwolves .
▪ Shabazz Napier did n't attempt a shot or a free throw against the Pistons , and he bounced back with two three-pointers and a season-high seven assists in Minneapolis .
▪ Cole was the best of all . He had two points in 33 minutes in that loss to the Pistons . Against the Timberwolves , he had 15 points , which was his first time to score in double figures since Dec. 21 .
“ As guards , we 're always challenged every night , ” Cole said after being asked about going head-to-head against Ricky Rubio . “ There are a lot of good guards in this league . Personally , I love the challenge .
“ I was due for a better game , a good game . Too bad it did n't end in a win . We still have room for improvement . We have to continue to take the challenge every night . ”
Chris Bosh had a different perspective .
“ It does n't matter who we play , ” Bosh said . “ They crawl back into the game with no resistance . It 's like we 're not learning anything . ”
Actually , the Heat has learned a lot this past week . Without Wade , everything has had to be perfect for this team to beat a team like the 11th-place Boston Celtics . The Heat defeated the Celtics 83-75 on Sunday . It 's the team 's only victory since Wade went down with a sprained right hamstring . Spoelstra called it one of the team 's “ top-five-rated ” defensive performances of the past month .
Bosh was n't concerned with the improved offensive numbers of his guards after Wednesday 's loss . It was the backcourt 's lack of defense that had him steaming mad . Even with a seven-foot center playing like the defensive player of the year over the past few weeks , the Heat is sliding down the standings of the Eastern Conference . Suddenly , the unthinkable — possibly missing the playoffs — is a cold reality .
Image Credit : Sidney BaldwinBrowncoats rejoice : Firefly is returning to basic cable — and Nathan Fillion has something to say about it .
The Science Channel has acquired the rights to the cult-hit and will air the series in its short-lived entirety , plus some new extras . Science Channel will wrap each episode with interstitial segments starring renowned physicist Dr. Michio Kaku , who will discuss the theoretical science behind the show 's sci-fi concepts .
According to Firefly studio 20th Century Fox , this will mark the first time Firefly has aired on a fully distributed basic cable channel since 2008 , when it ran on the USA Network .
In honor of this occasion , star Nathan Fillion took a brief break from shooting ABC 's Castle today to jump on the phone and answer five Firefly questions — including whether he 'd ever reprise the role of Captain Mal again . That interview and more details about Science Channel 's Firefly plans below :
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY : What was the part about playing the character ?
NATHAN FILLION : It was my favorite job ever . What was n't great about it ? I got to wear a low-slung holster . I got to ride horses . I got to have a spaceship . I got to act mean and curmudgeonly . [ Creator Joss Whedon ] is really good at kicking characters in the nuts so the other characters would have laughs at my expense and that was great too .
If Castle had its series finale tomorrow and Fox said to you and Joss : “ We screwed up , let 's try doing Firefly again. ” Would you do it ?
Yes . Yes . I would examine very closely Fox 's reasoning — I 'm a little gun-shy . If I got $ 300 million from the California Lottery , the first thing I would do is buy the rights to Firefly , make it on my own , and distribute it on the Internet .
What 's the most common thing Firefly fans say to you ?
No . 1 , “ Is there going to be more ? ” No . 2 , “ Why was it canceled ? ”
Why do you think the show has had such an enduring appeal ?
It 's a great question . We 're the most story-literate society the world has ever seen . What Joss tends to do is twist story conventions into reality . Whereas the story goes like this , real life goes like this , and that 's what Joss has mastered .
Do you ever watch the show nowadays or is that just weird ?
It 's not weird . I have n't watched it in a long , long time and I would like to revisit it .
Firefly premieres on Science Channel on March 6 at 8 p.m. , with the two hour pilot , followed by the first episode at 10 p.m . Following that , Firefly episodes will air every Sunday — and , yes , in their original intended order and upgraded to high definition .
UPDATE : Fans launch ‘ Help Nathan Fillion Buy Firefly ' movement , show 's former writers weigh in , plus our thoughts … .
Union Beach , New Jersey , like much of the state , is a mess thanks to Superstorm Sandy . Its residents who are sticking it out and hoping to rebuild have to figure out a way to clear their lots of debris and condemned structures . Regular relief groups do n't provide aid for this kind of work , and contractors are n't going to cut a break for flood victims . It has left an altruistic void , one that has been filled by a bunch of people who are stereotypically known for heading out every year to the middle of a desert in Nevada to do a bunch of drugs , dress up like gay aliens , and light a bunch of shit on fire .
Yes , a small group of Burning Man enthusiasts have formed what appears to be an extremely efficient charitable organization that helps people in ways more bureaucratic organizations ca n't .
Just because the typical view of Burners is that they 're computer programmers who fantasize all year about wearing furry purple pants while tripping on 2CT7 and convulsing to dubstep , it does n't mean they do n't know their way around a construction site . These same people spend months and even years constructing elaborate psychedelic mutant robo-vehicles atop of which they party for a week like the world is going to end . And they really love demolition . “ Going to Burning Man is like boot camp for disaster relief , ” said Tom Price , one of several cofounders . `` Dealing with food , water , and shelter in a harsh environment and building a community from scratch is n't a challenge , it 's what we do for vacation . ''
In 2005 a spontaneous campaign to help victims of Katrina formed as soon as news of the devastation broke at the festival . In two days , $ 42,000 was raised , a convoy was coordinated , and people drove down to Louisiana and Mississippi to distribute supplies and help however they could . They became known as Burners Without Borders .
BWB has gone on to sponsor relief projects in Haiti , South Africa , Peru , Japan , and the US . They have also supported scores of endeavors around the world like public-space cleanups , backpack programs for the homeless , and even an alternative-currency project in Kenya .
In New Jersey , BWB is providing “ about $ 1.5 million worth of work , ” according to Richard Scott , another cofounder . So far , about half of the 160 houses slated for removal have been leveled and hauled away , town officials are being assisted through a contentious permitting process , and beach cleanups are being organized with other volunteer groups , all on a shoestring budget of under $ 30,000 .
“ Although we do n't have the capacity of the Red Cross , we end up making a very large impact on people 's lives with very little money , ” said BWB director Carmen Mauk . There 's no denying that the group is a hardworking bunch that is more flexible than unwieldy organizations like the Red Cross , which has taken in $ 170 million since the storm but has come up with a somewhat embarrassing response , consisting of blankets , week-old hot dogs , and disgruntled volunteers .
“ Big agencies are prescribed in what they can and ca n't do , ” said Tom , “ but we do n't have those preconditions . We do whatever needs doing . ”
Check out more from our Imposters Issue :
Part-Time Hunks
Dry Heat
The Iron Pipe of Swedish Neo-Fascism
The new plan would replace the one the city adopted in 1999 , which was focused on relieving congestion and moving cars as fast as possible through city streets . But a lot has changed in the last 16 years . Los Angeles is in the middle of a public transit building boom , bicycle ridership is growing and more people are choosing to live without a car . California has committed to dramatically reducing greenhouse gas emissions , which means cutting the amount of driving people do in fossil-fuel-powered cars , and state law now demands that cities develop so-called Complete Streets that are designed to safely accommodate all users , including cyclists , transit riders , pedestrians and the disabled — as well as motorists . The old vision of widening streets and accelerating car traffic is n't possible or practical anymore .
Share +1 2K Shares
Caitlyn Jenner may wish she 'd stayed home last night .
At a Trans Chorus of Los Angeles performance of “ The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars , ” leading Los Angeles transgender activist and Editor-in-chief of Wear Your Voice , Ashlee Marie Preston confronted Jenner for her continued support of Donald Trump .
The Saturday Aug. 26 event , sponsored in part by a cash donation from Jenner , was held at the Los Angeles LGBT Center less than 48 hours after Donald Trump made official a ban on transgender military service members .
The LGBT community is deeply outraged and Jenner 's high profile early support for Trump has not been forgotten , even though she recently expressed her own disappointment . She has written several articles and many social media posts expressing her disappointment .
On her initial approach , Caitlyn tried to greet Preston with a hug and kiss but instead , she met resistance .
“ It 's really fucked up that you are here , ” Preston told a stunned Jenner . “ Some people may be afraid to confront you for being here , but I am not . ”
“ You are directly responsible for what has happened with transgender soldiers and the military . I am not afraid to say it to you , I am not . I am not afraid. ” she said .
Members of Caitlyn 's entourage moved to end the confrontation and a member of the chorus ' board , co-chair Dena Williams , tried to prevent the situation from escalating . “ We can end this , ” she said . But Preston pushed . “ You are complicit ! Taking her money…makes you complicit . It goes against the mission ( of the chorus ) , Dena ! , ” said Preston .
Caitlyn stood stoically listening during the encounter and refused to leave when her entourage and security urged her to .
“ We are the ones impacted by the choices that you make…it 's not okay , ” Preston , animatedly told Williams “ It 's not ok , it 's not ok , ” she repeated .
At that point Jenner demurely said “ You do n't know me. ” Preston expressed rage that Jenner was glossing over a well known record of support for Donald Trump and his policies . “ Yes I do ! We all do ! You are a fraud ! ”
Jenner walked away at that point and left the event .
Preston turned her rage to Williams : “ I thought you were better than that . I 'm really disappointed , really disappointed . ”
Preston drew instant praise on Facebook :
“ Yes , Ashlee Marie Preston ! Way to stand up to the hypocrisy ! This is exactly the issue I was thinking of a couple of minutes ago when you told me about immigrant enablers of 45 that you know , Rey , and wondered how they must make you feel . It 's so wrong . Good for Ashlee for drawing the line ! , ” wrote Ernestina Osorio .
Robert Rumsey wrote , “ Watching that woman protect Caitlyn made me so angry . Our communities tutorial on the LGBTQ community for Caitlyn already ended . We do n't need to protect her . More people need to confront her . I salute you and would expect nothing less . You were honest and did n't resort to using them hands . ”
The Los Angeles Blade was unable to reach Jenner or Williams for comment .
Preston recently resigned Trans Chorus of Los Angeles in protest , citing “ executive decisions such as the one made tonight , ” she told The Los Angeles Blade .
Tiger Woods won the Mercedes in incredible fashion for his third win
On January 12 , 1997 Tiger Woods captured the third win of his career . This was Tigers third win in nine total starts on the PGA Tour . The 1997 Mercedes Championship was plagued with ugly wet weather that shortened the even to 54 holes . They attempted the play the final round as half of the field was not he courses when they decided to halt play . The PGA Tour Commissioner Tim Finchem and Tournament directors agreed upon a sudden death playoff between the two players tied at the top of the leaderboard .
After 54 holes Tom Lehman and Tiger Woods were tied both at -14 under which gave them entry into the playoff . It was a disappointing way to end the first tournament of the year but the playoff did n't fail to give the tournament a flashy finish . It was quite fitting that the 1996 Player of the Year ( Lehman ) & Rookie of the Year ( Woods ) would duke it out .
The Playoff : Lehman vs. Woods
The stage was set… Woods and Lehman were in for a sudden death playoff . Every hole at The La Costa Golf Course was drenched from previous rain which posed a problem for the playoff . After much consideration the only playable hole was the par 3 7th holes which measured around 185 yards with the back left pin . Lehman went first as the rain was coming down slightly . In a moment of disbelief , Lehman sailed his attempt into the water letting the pressure off Woods . Tiger needing only a three to win stepped up and focused over the ball . Before long he whalloped it toward the pin to eight inches . Thats right , eight inches…The rest was history ; Lehman could only watch as Tiger tapped in to win his third tournament of his young career .
Wollemia [ needs IPA ] is a genus of coniferous tree in the family Araucariaceae . Wollemia was only known through fossil records until the Australian species Wollemia nobilis was discovered in 1994 in a temperate rainforest wilderness area of the Wollemi National Park in New South Wales , in a remote series of narrow , steep-sided sandstone gorges 150 km north-west of Sydney . The genus is named for the National Park . [ 2 ]
In both botanical and popular literature the tree has been almost universally referred to as the Wollemi pine , although it is not a true pine ( genus Pinus ) nor a member of the pine family ( Pinaceae ) , but , rather , is related to Agathis and Araucaria in the family Araucariaceae . The oldest fossil of the Wollemi tree has been dated to 200 million years ago . [ 3 ]
The Wollemi pine is classified as critically endangered ( CR ) on the IUCN 's Red List , [ 1 ] and is legally protected in Australia . [ 4 ] A Recovery Plan has been drawn up , outlining strategies for the management of this fragile population ; the overall objective is to ensure that this species remains viable in the long term . [ 4 ]
Description [ edit ]
Wollemia nobilis - bark - bark
Wollemia nobilis is an evergreen tree reaching 25–40 m ( 82–131 ft ) tall . The bark is very distinctive , dark brown and knobbly , quoted as resembling Coco Pops breakfast cereal . [ 5 ] The tree coppices readily , and most specimens are multiple-trunked or appear as clumps of trunks thought to derive from old coppice growth , with some consisting of up to 100 stems of differing sizes . [ 4 ] The branching is unusual in that nearly all the side branches never have further branching . After a few years , each branch either terminates in a cone ( either male or female ) or ceases growth . After this , or when the cone becomes mature , the branch dies . New branches then arise from dormant buds on the main trunk . Rarely , a side branch will turn erect and develop into a secondary trunk , which then bears a new set of side branches .
The leaves are flat linear , 3–8 cm long and 2–5 mm broad . They are arranged spirally on the shoot but twisted at the base to appear in two or four flattened ranks . As the leaves mature , they develop from bright lime-green to a more yellowish-green . [ 6 ] The seed cones are green , 6–12 cm long and 5–10 cm in diameter , and mature about 18–20 months after wind pollination . They disintegrate at maturity to release the seeds which are small and brown , thin and papery with a wing around the edge to aid wind-dispersal . [ 4 ] The male ( pollen ) cones are slender conic , 5–11 cm long and 1–2 cm broad and reddish-brown in colour and are lower on the tree than the seed cones . [ 4 ] Seedlings appear to be slow-growing [ 4 ] and mature trees are extremely long-lived ; some of the older individuals today are estimated to be between 500 and 1,000 years old . [ 6 ]
Discovery [ edit ]
Wollemia nobilis male and female cones male and female cones
Wollemia nobilis - young pollen cone - young pollen cone
The discovery , on or about 10 September 1994 , by David Noble , Michael Casteleyn and Tony Zimmerman , only occurred because the group had been systematically exploring the area looking for new canyons . Noble had good botanical knowledge , and quickly recognised the trees as unusual because of the unique bark and worthy of further investigation . Dave took specimens to work for identification , expecting someone to be able to identify the plants . National Parks then went under a veil of secrecy , with the discoverers not learning the full magnitude of their discovery for about six months . National Parks came close to damaging the stand when a helicopter being used to collect cones inadvertently pruned one of the pines with its rotor . [ 7 ] The species was subsequently named after Dave . The other members of the discovery party questioned the naming but were informed that nobilis referred to the trees being noble in structure and not to David Noble . [ 8 ]
The first illustrations of the Wollemi Pine were done by David Mackay , a botanical artist and scientific illustrator who was working at the Royal Botanic Gardens in Sydney when the species was discovered . [ 9 ]
Further study would be needed to establish its relationship to other conifers . The initial suspicion was that it had certain characteristics of the 200-million-year-old family Araucariaceae , but was not similar to any living species in the family . Comparison with living and fossilised Araucariaceae proved that it was a member of that family , and it has been placed into a new genus with Agathis and Araucaria .
Fossils closely resembling Wollemia that are thought to be related to it are widespread in Australia , New Zealand and Antarctica from Cretaceous era sediments , but Wollemia nobilis is the sole living member of its genus . These trees remained common throughout eastern Australia until around 40 million years ago but then gradually declined in range and abundance . Before the relict population was discovered in Wollemi National Park , the most recent known fossils of the genus date from approximately 2 million years ago in Tasmania . [ 10 ] [ 11 ] It is thus described as a living fossil or , alternatively , a Lazarus taxon .
Fewer than a hundred trees are known to be growing wild , in three localities not far apart . It is very difficult to count individuals , as most trees are multistemmed and may have a connected root system . Genetic testing has revealed that all the specimens are genetically indistinguishable , suggesting that the species has been through a genetic bottleneck in which its population became so low ( possibly just one or two individuals ) that all genetic variability was lost . [ 12 ]
In November 2005 , wild-growing trees were found to be infected with Phytophthora cinnamomi . [ 13 ] New South Wales park rangers believe the virulent water mould was introduced by unauthorised visitors to the site , whose location is still undisclosed to the public . [ 13 ]
Cultivation and uses [ edit ]
Wollemia nobilis cultivated cultivated
A propagation programme made Wollemi pine specimens available to botanical gardens , first in Australia in 2006 and subsequently throughout the world . It may prove to be a valuable tree for ornament , either planted in open ground or for tubs and planters . In Australia , potted native Wollemi pines have been promoted as a Christmas tree . [ 14 ] It is also proving to be more adaptable and cold-hardy than its restricted temperate-subtropical , humid distribution would suggest , tolerating temperatures between −5 and 45 °C ( 23 and 113 °F ) , with reports , from Japan and the USA , that it can survive down to −12 °C ( 10 °F ) . A grove of Wollemi pines planted in Inverewe Garden , Scotland , believed to be the most northerly location of any successful planting , have survived temperatures of −7 °C ( 19 °F ) , recorded in January 2010 . [ 15 ] It also handles both full sun and full shade . Like many other Australian trees , Wollemia is susceptible to the pathogenic water mould Phytophthora cinnamomi , so this may limit its potential as a timber tree . [ 16 ]
The Royal Botanic Gardens in Sydney have published information on how to grow Wollemi Pines from seed which has been harvested from helicopters from the forest trees . The majority of seeds that fall from the cone are not viable so need to be sorted to retain the plump and dark ones . These can then be sown on top of seed raising mix and watered . Once the water has drained through the mix , the pot should be placed in a plastic bag and refrigerated for two weeks . After this , the pot should be removed from the plastic bag and placed somewhere warm but not very sunny until the seed germinates ( remembering to keep them moist but not wet ) . This could take several months . [ 17 ]
Phylogeny [ edit ]
The genus Wollemia shares morphological characteristics with the genera Araucaria and Agathis . Wollemia and Araucaria both have closely crowned sessile and amphistomatic leaves , and aristate bract scales , while Wollemia and Agathis both have fully fused bracts , ovuliferous scales , and winged seeds . [ 18 ] Scrutiny of the fossil record likewise does not clarify Wollemia 's relationship to Araucaria or Agathis , since the former has similarly disparate leaf characters in its adult and juvenile forms , and the latter has similar cone characters . [ 19 ] Further , the recent description of several extinct genera within the Araucariaceae points to complex relationships within the family and a significant loss of diversity since the Cretaceous . [ 20 ] [ 21 ] An early study of the rbcL gene sequence places Wollemia in the basal position of the Araucariaceae and as the sister group to Agathis and Araucaria . [ 22 ] In contrast , another study of the rbcL sequence shows that Wollemia is the sister group to Agathis and Araucaria is basal . [ 23 ] The different outgroup selection and genes used in previous studies are the reasons behind the discrepancy over the groupings of the three genera . [ 24 ] Later genetic studies corroborate Wollemia 's placement in the Araucariaceae as sister to Agathis based on data from the 28s rRNA gene , [ 25 ] a combination of rbcL and matK genes , [ 26 ] and a comprehensive study encompassing nuclear ribosomal 18S and 26S rRNA , chloroplast 16S rRNA , rbcL , matK and rps4 , and mitochondrial coxl and atp1 genes . [ 24 ]
Fossils indicate that the lineage leading to modern Agathis and Wollemia evolved from the common ancestor with Araucaria in the Early Cretaceous in southern Gondwana [ 27 ] within climates experiencing cool moist conditions and a strong photoperiod regime . [ 28 ] The most recent common ancestor of Agathis and Wollemia has been proposed to be at least 110 million years old ( Early Cretaceous ) deduced from the reported oldest fossils of these genera . [ 27 ] However , genetic evidence suggests that the divergence of Agathis and Wollemia occurred 61±15 Ma around the beginning of the Cenozoic rather than in the Early Cretaceous . [ 24 ] In another recent molecular study , an age of only 18 Ma was inferred for the divergence of Agathis and Wollemia . [ 29 ] This also accords with recent revisions of the fossil record in New Zealand that reveal no examples of Agathis or Wollemia-like remains older than the Cenozoic . [ 30 ] The relatively minor genetic and morphological diversity in extant species of Agathis compared to the variation in Araucaria is further evidence of the earlier divergence of Araucaria . [ 31 ]
Below is the phylogeny of the Araucariaceae based on the consensus from the most recent cladistic analysis of molecular data . It shows the relative positions of Wollemia , Agathis and Araucaria within the division .
Araucaria Wollemia Agathis
References [ edit ]
This article incorporates text from the ARKive fact-file `` Wollemia '' under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License and the GFDL .
Quebec 's party leaders tossed around the delicate subject of the province 's still operating asbestos industry on Saturday as they outlined platforms on health and the environment .
François Legault , the Coalition Avenir Québec leader , said he would ban exports of asbestos from Quebec , one of a series of environmental initiatives the party laid out .
`` Exporting a toxic product is morally and scientifically indefensible , '' Legault said . `` Quebec has to come to terms with an industry that 's stuck in the past . ''
Legault said a CAQ government would honour the province 's $ 58-million loan to the Jeffrey asbestos mine in the Eastern Townships , which is set to reopen after it had been mostly shut down by 2010 in financial distress . But he would work with the company — the last remaining producer of asbestos in Canada — to switch to other lines of business .
As recently as 2010 , Canada was producing 150,000 tonnes of asbestos annually , all of it in Quebec , and exporting 90 per cent — worth about $ 90 million — to developing countries . More than 50 countries ban the mining and use of asbestos , but Canada , traditionally a major exporter , has successfully lobbied in the past to keep it off a UN list of hazardous substances .
Parti Québécois Leader Pauline Marois took a flipside approach to Legault 's , deploring the way the Jeffrey mine loan was granted but saying she was n't ready just yet to ban asbestos mining or exports .
Campaigning with Marois on Saturday , PQ candidate Réjean Hébert , the former dean of medicine at the University of Sherbrooke , said that , while the scientific debate about asbestos 's carcinogenicity is closed , there 's still a social debate to have about the future of the industry in Quebec . The Jeffrey mine , for instance , will employ more than 400 people in the town of Asbestos and has long been the community 's largest employer .
Quebec Solidaire repeats call for a ban
Québec Solidaire already took its stance on asbestos exports as part of its green plan , in which it promises to `` get Quebec out of asbestos . ''
`` It 's encouraging , after being the only ones to take this position , to hear another party propose banning exports of this carcinogenic product , '' Québec Solidaire co-spokesperson Amir Khadir said Saturday .
`` It 's indefensible to export asbestos while knowing full well that it be used in poorer countries in ways that are banned in Quebec and in Canada . ''
Khadir called the PQ 's position on asbestos opportunistic . Meanwhile on Saturday , the Liberal Leader Jean Charest addressed his party 's youth wing and announced a debt-repayment plan .
His party would pay $ 200 million a year — about half the province 's expected $ 400 million in annual royalty revenues over the next few years — into Quebec 's Generations Fund .
The fund , which currently has about $ 4.2 billion in it , is money the government is setting aside to invest at higher interest rates than it borrows at , with the aim of eventually making lump payments toward the province 's debt .
Barack Obama has said the US has `` no strategy '' against the Islamic State in Syria but said officials had been asked to prepare a range of military options for confronting the group .
The US president 's comments on Thursday cautioned against speculation that he was close to a decision to expand his air campaign against the Islamic State beyond Iraq .
`` I do n't want to put the cart before the horse , '' Obama said . `` We do n't have a strategy yet . I think what I 've seen in some of the news reports suggests that folks are getting a little further ahead of where we 're at than we currently are . ''
`` They have no ideology beyond violence and chaos and the slaughter of innocent people , '' Obama said , adding that Middle Eastern countries must drop their ambivalence towards the group .
He said his top priority remained rolling back the group 's gains in Iraq , where he has said they pose a threat to US personnel in Erbil and Baghdad .
`` Our focus right now is to protect American personnel on the ground in Iraq , to protect our embassy , to protect our consulates , to make sure that critical infrastructure that could adversely affect our personnel is protected , '' he said .
Obama has come under increasing pressure to deal with the Islamic State in Syria after months of territorial gains , and the murder of the US journalist James Foley just over a week ago .
US officials earlier this week stated that it was flying spying missions over Syria to gather intelligence on the group .
Obama 's comments came after activists posted the latest evidence of Islamic State atrocities in Syria , with pictures showing the aftermath of the group 's takeover of a Syrian army base in Raqqa province .
The armed group shot some and stabbed others using knives in the latest brutal mass killing , activists said on Thursday .
The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the fighters rounded up the soldiers near Tabqa airfield , three days after seizing the base in heavy fighting .
Rami Abdurrahman , the observatory 's director , said the fighters killed up to 65 soldiers . He said some were shot to death , while others were killed with knives .
A statement posted online and circulated on Twitter by supporters of the Islamic State group claimed the fighters killed `` about 200 '' government prisoners captured near Tabqa .
The photos could not immediately be verified , but correspond to other reporting by the AP news agency .
Meanwhile , reports on Thursday said that the Islamic State had `` waterboarded '' hostages in Syria , including the American journalist James Foley .
Waterboarding , a simulated drowning technique , was used by the US on captives in the wake of the attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
Most advanced learners , I think , have a love-hate relationship with chengyu ( 成语 ) , those pesky , mostly four-character idioms taken from classical China . Sure , you get learners who are obsessed with them and endeavour to memorise one hundred a month only to find their practical usage is hazy to say the least . ( It 's also very difficult at times to discertain their true register , not to mention their grammatical usage . ) You also get learners ( like myself ) who have , through the years , avoided them like the plague and have only bothered to absorb those that have actually come up in written texts or conversation . But are chengyu useful for learners and , if so , which ones are the best to learn ?
Unfortunately , there are few resources – both on the web or in print – that actually tell you which chengyu are worth remembering . This is actually an important question considering that there are tens of thousands of them . Most textbooks simply give you a list of 100 or so and expect you to memorise them all , without actually telling you how they fit into a modern context . The worst are those massive lists you find on the Internet , often sourced from Chinese schools . These are merely lists of idioms that Chinese students are expected to learn at school and , whilst many of them may be well-known , native speakers simply do n't use them as often as you would expect .
Thus I 've carefully crafted this list to help intermediate and advanced learners become more aware of chengyu that are actually useful . It does not purport to be an exhaustive list of the most useful chengyu – indeed , I 've left many out , simply because they are too context-specific . Nor is it a list of the most common chengyu – there are other resources for that . Note also that I have n't included the detailed stories for all of them ( some of them are quite complicated ) ; what is more important , I think , is to understand the logic of their composition . If you happen to know the history behind it , though , then that 's surely a bonus . If you 're curious , Baidu will certainly help you out .
But why learn them at all ? Well , first and foremost , they 're interesting and – at times – unusual , so they do help spice up your language a little bit . They also offer a little gem of Chinese wisdom , which is great for enhancing your cultural understanding of the language . Moreover , from time to time they help with your comprehension of classical Chinese by learning the odd character in an idiomatic context . This can come in handy when you see the same character used in again in a different context . The main thing , though , is to have fun with them and try to use them with your friends – it 's always good fun to see their reaction , and it can be an important learning experience too .
1 . 脱颖而出 tuōyǐng'érchū
Baidu Hits : 51,100,000 Google Hits : 32,100,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : Literally , “ the grain sheds its husk and comes forth . ”
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To fully expose one 's talent .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : To come to the fore .
Example ( 例子 ) : 他在比赛中脱颖而出。Tā zài bǐsài zhōng tuōyǐngérchū . — He came to the fore in the competition .
2 . 一丝不苟 yīsībùgǒu
Baidu Hits : 25,000,000 Google Hits : 12,800,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : Literally , “ 一丝 [ even ] a little bit 不苟 not careless – to attend to every thread . ”
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To be meticulous ; to attend to every detail .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : To cross one 's T 's
Example ( 例子 ) : 他做事从来都是一丝不苟。Tā zuòshì cónglái dōu shì yīsībùgǒu . — He 's always meticulous in everything he does .
3 . 司空见惯 sīkōngjiànguàn
Baidu Hits : 14,400,000 Google Hits : 8,570,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : Long story short – 司空 comes from the title of “ the Minister of Construction ” in ancient China who commented on “ sing-song girls ” during a feast as 见惯 ( “ a common sight ” ) .
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To be an everyday occurrence ; nothing unusual .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : None ( unless you can think of one ) .
Example ( 例子 ) : 在中国，闯红灯是司空见惯的事。Zài Zhōngguó , chuǎnghóngdēng shì sīkōngjiànguàn de shì . — In China , people running red lights is a common sight .
4 . 半途而废 bàntú'érfèi
Baidu Hits : 13,400,000 Google Hits : 8,360,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : Literally , “ 半途 half-way 而 yet 废 is given up/is wasted . ”
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To give up halfway ; to leave something unfinished .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : To throw the towel in ( sort of ) .
Example ( 例子 ) : 小时候我学钢琴半途而废。Xiǎoshíhou wǒ xué gāngqín bàntúérfèi . — When I was little I tried to learn how to play the piano but gave up .
5 . 不可思议 bùkěsīyì
Baidu Hits : 100,000,000 Google Hits : 7,930,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : Literally , “ 不可 can not be 思议 conceived . ”
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To be inconceivable ; unbelievable .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : None ( off the top of my head ) .
Example ( 例子 ) : 对我来说，吃狗肉是不可思议的事情。Duì wǒ lái shuō , chī gǒuròu shì bùkěsīyì de shìqíng . — The way I see it , eating dog is inconceivable .
6 . 一鸣惊人 yīmíngjīngrén
Baidu Hits : 11,600,000 Google Hits : 7,760,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : Literally , “ one chirp [ which ] surprises people ” , a metaphor for someone suddenly displaying talent .
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To become famous overnight .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : To set the world on fire .
Example ( 例子 ) : 李玉春一鸣惊人。Lǐ Yǔchūn yīmíngjīngrén . — Li Yuchun became famous overnight .
7 . 一窍不通 yīqiàobùtōng
Baidu Hits : 11,900,000 Google Hits : 7,570,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : 一 ( “ all ” ) 窍 ( the [ seven ] orifices ” ) 不通 ( “ not linked up ” ) .
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To be completely ignorant about something ; to be out of one 's depth .
Similar English Expressions ( 类似英文成语 ) : To not know one 's arse from one 's elbow ( hah ! ) ; to be “ all Greek ” to someone .
Example ( 例子 ) : 他对电脑一窍不通。Tā duì diànnǎo yīqiàobùtōng . — He does n't know the first thing about computers .
8 . 谈何容易 tánhéróngyì
Baidu Hits : 11,600,000 Google Hits : 7,420,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : 谈 ( “ to speak ” ) + 何 ( classical Chinese , meaning “ 什么 ” [ what ] ) + 容易 ( “ easy ” ) ; “ in what way is it easy ? ”
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To be no means easy ; difficult to do .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : Easier said than done .
Example ( 例子 ) : 我跟他分手谈何容易。Wǒ gēn tā fēnshǒu tánhéróngyì . — Breaking up with him is easier said than done .
9 . 自由自在 zìyóuzìzài
Baidu Hits : 31,400,000 Google Hits : 6,160,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : 自由 ( “ free ” ) + 自在 ( “ lacking restrictions ” )
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To be carefree ; to be peaceful and relaxed .
Similar English Expressions ( 类似英文成语 ) : To not have a care in the world ; to be footloose and fancy-free ; to be man or woman of leisure .
Example ( 例子 ) : 我想自由自在的生活。Wǒ xiǎng zìyóuzìzài de shēnghuó . — I want a carefree life .
10 . 乱七八糟 luànqībāzāo
Baidu Hits : 59,300,000 Google Hits : 4,200,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : 乱 ( “ chaotic ” ) + 七 ( “ seven ” ) + 八 ( “ eight ” ) + 糟 ( “ rotten ; in a wretched state ” )
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To be in a huge mess .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : To be at sixes and sevens .
Example ( 例子 ) : 这个公司的管理乱七八糟。Zhè ge gōngsī de guǎnlǐ luànqībāzāo . — This company 's administration is a complete mess .
11 . 一见钟情 yījiànzhōngqíng
Baidu Hits : 37,200,000 Google Hits : 3,850,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : 一见 ( “ upon first seeing ” ) + 钟情 ( “ to fall deeply in love ” )
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To fall in love at first sight .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : Same as above .
Example ( 例子 ) : 我跟我的男朋友一见钟情。Wǒ gēn wǒ de nán péngyǒu yījiànzhōngqíng . — I fell in love with my bofriend at first sight .
12 . 爱不释手 àibùshìshǒu
Baidu Hits : 24,500,000 Google Hits : 2,460,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : Literally , “ to love and not let go of . ”
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To love something too much to part with it .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : None ( that I can think of ) .
Example ( 例子 ) : 我对我的新玩具爱不释手！Wǒ duì wǒ de xīn wánjù àibùshìshǒu ! — I simply ca n't put down my new toy !
13 . 一无所有 yīwúsuǒyǒu
Baidu Hits : 29,500,000 Google Hits : 2,220,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : 一 ( in classical Chinese it means 全 or 都 [ “ everything ” ] ) + 无 ( “ not ” ) + 所有 ( “ have ” )
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To not own a thing in the world .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : To not have a thing to one 's name .
Example ( 例子 ) : 如果你离开了我，我就一无所有。Rúguǒ nǐ líkāi le wǒ , wǒ jiù yīwúsuǒyǒu . — If you leave me , I 'll have nothing left .
14 . 自相矛盾 zìxiāngmáodùn
Baidu Hits : 9,270,000 Google Hits : 747,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : 自相 ( “ self- ” ) + 矛盾 ( “ contradictory ” ) , from the famous story about the man who bragged he could sell a spear ( 矛 ) that could pierce anything in the world and a shield ( 盾 ) that was impenetrable to any spear , an obvious paradox .
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To contradict oneself .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : None ( I 'm guessing ) .
Example ( 例子 ) : 你说的话自相矛盾。Nǐ shuō de huà zìxiāngmáodùn . — You 're contradicting yourself .
15 . 倾盆大雨 qīngpéndàyǔ
Baidu Hits : 6,680,000 Google Hits : 468,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : 倾盆 ( “ pouring hard ” ) + 大雨 ( “ heavy rain ” )
Translation ( 翻译 ) : Heavy rain ; downpour .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : To rain cats and dogs .
Example ( 例子 ) : 今 天上午突然下起了倾盆大雨，所以比赛临时取消了。Jīntiān shàngwǔ tūrán xiàqǐ le qīngpéndàyǔ , suǒyǐ bǐsài línshí qǔxiāo le . — The competition was postponed this morning because of the sudden downpour .
16 . 画蛇添足 huàshétiānzú
Baidu Hits : 6,340,000 Google Hits : 447,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : Literally , “ [ when ] drawing [ a ] snake , add [ a ] foot ” .
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To ruin the effect my adding something superfluous .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : To gild the lily ( old-fashioned ) .
Example ( 例子 ) : 发明这两个多余的电钮纯粹是画蛇添足。Fāmíng zhè liǎng gè duōyú de diànniǔ chúncuì shì huàshétiānzú — The two extra buttons on this invention is really overdoing it .
17 . 守口如瓶 shǒukǒurúpíng
Baidu Hits : 5,220,000 Google Hits : 438,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : Literally , ” to keep [ one 's ] mouth shut , like [ a ] bottle . ”
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To keep one 's mouth shut ; to not breathe a word .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : To keep one 's lips sealed .
Example ( 例子 ) : 总理对这个问题守口如瓶。Zǒnglǐ duì zhège wèntí shǒukǒurúpíng . — The president was tight-lipped about this issue .
18 . 塞翁失马 sàiwēngshīmǎ
Baidu Hits : 4,800,000 Google Hits : 319,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : 塞翁失马 : ” When the old man from the frontier lost his horse… ” , often followed by the second part 焉知非福 : ” How could one have known that it would not be fortuitous ? ” You can read more about the story in both English and Chinese at Wiktionary .
Translation ( 翻译 ) : A setback may turn out to be a blessing in disguise .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : A blessing in disguise ; every cloud has a silver lining .
Example ( 例子 ) : 我 不小心摔倒了，碰伤了自己，但却在地板上发现了一张50元的纸币，真是塞翁失马 啊！Wǒ bù xiǎoxīn shuāi dǎo le , pèng shāng le zìjǐ , dàn què zài dìbǎn shàng fāxiàn le yī zhāng wǔ shí yuán de zhǐbì , zhēnshi sàiwēngshīmǎ a— I fell over and hurt myself , but on the floor I found a fifty dollar note – what a blessing in disguise !
19 . 对牛弹琴 duìniútánqín
Baidu Hits : 4,400,000 Google Hits : 276,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : “ To play a qin ( a traditional Chinese musical instrument ) to a cow . ”
Translation ( 翻译 ) : To address the wrong listener .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : To cast pearls before swine . ( old-fashioned )
Example ( 例子 ) : 跟一个不讲道理的人讲道理是对牛弹琴。Gēn yīgè bù jiǎng dàolǐ de rén jiǎng dàolǐ shì duìniútánqín . — Trying to talk sense to an irrational person is like casting pearls before swine .
20 . 九牛一毛 jiǔniúyīmáo
Baidu Hits : 3,190,000 Google Hits : 225,000
Explanation ( 解释 ) : Literally , “ nine cows , one hair . ”
Translation ( 翻译 ) : An insignificant number in the midst of an enormous quantity .
Similar English Expression ( 类似英文成语 ) : A drop in the ocean ; a drop in a bucket .
Example ( 例子 ) : 一块钱对一个大款来说是九牛一毛。Yīkuài qián duì yīgè dàkuǎn lái shuō shì jiǔniúyīmáo . — One dollar to a millionaire is a drop in the ocean .
Disclaimer : Although example sentences are original and checked for smoothness , do n't forget that chengyu are , by their nature , formal/literary constructions and so are not commonly used in conversation ( unless you want to sound highly educated ) . Thus this stuff is most useful for diary entries , stories , websites and other written documents . Be sure to check your own constructed sentences with a native speaker before memorising them !
Do you buy your electronic games at Wal-Mart ? Never mind , does n't matter . The retail games you buy at GameStop or Best Buy or online are the games Wal-Mart has decided you can buy .
Publisher sales reps inform Wal-Mart buyers of games in development ; the games ' subjects , titles , artwork and packaging are vetted and sometimes vetoed by Wal-Mart . If Wal-Mart tells a top-end publisher it wo n't carry a certain game , the publisher kills that game . In short , every triple-A game sold at retail in North America is managed start to finish , top to bottom , with the publisher 's gaze fixed squarely on Wal-Mart , and no other .
But how long will that last ?
The Power
By consolidating many manufacturing sources and optimizing its supply chain , Wal-Mart has shifted the center of business power from manufacturing to retail . This has forced most American industries to move offshore , but the software business , and electronic games in particular , have been less affected this way . Though selected art resources are increasingly outsourced to India and Southeast Asia , games are largely still produced in relatively small , integral domestic groups . Is this because North American creators understand their audience better than overseas coders ? Because the creators here are better skilled ? Or is it simply that Wal-Mart customers , who unfailingly seek the lowest prices for food and appliances and shampoo and garden hoses , will still pay high prices for top-line computer games ?
For whatever reason , the game business has so far resisted most competition from lower-wage workers overseas . Compared to physical manufacturing , software profit margins remain comfortable and can support professional-class salaries . Yet make no mistake , Wal-Mart 's effect remains powerful .
Tom Gilleland , with the indie developer BeachWare ( which has sold casino games through Wal-Mart ) , says , `` Wal-Mart is working from a very strong position that enables them to dictate the content of their software product line . Wal-Mart tells the distributor/publishers what they want , and the distributor/publisher goes and finds it , or has a developer make it . They certainly know what their customers want , or they would n't have been so successful . They also have a very complicated situation in terms of public image , so they avoid controversial products . ''
Thus , because of the company 's influence , nowadays it is practically impossible to market a game that contains nudity . `` We 're not going to carry any software with any vulgarity or nudity - we 're just not going to do it , '' Wal-Mart spokesman Tom Williams told Reuters in October 2002 .
Developers have produced `` special Wal-Mart editions '' of some games , such as Duke Nukem 3D and Blood , that delete the two principal bugaboos , nudity and excessive gore . Other developers just sanitize their games across the board . As a Ritual Entertainment developer remarked in an online chat promoting their Heavy Metal : F.A.K.K . 2 game ( 2000 ) , `` There 's not much nudity other than statues . Wal-Mart is picky about that . When you have to decide between feeding your family or putting nudity in the game , you choose food . ''
For the U.S. version of Giants : Citizen Kabuto ( 2000 ) , Planet Moon put a bikini top on Delphi , the game 's topless sea-nymph heroine , after Wal-Mart refused to carry the seminude version . In an effort to gain a Teen rating from the Electronic Software Ratings Board ( ESRB ) , Planet Moon also toned down the language and changed the red blood to green - but the game got a Mature rating anyway . ( Soon afterward , a patch that removed the changes mysteriously appeared online . )
Post-tropical storm Arthur cleanup was underway in the Maritimes Sunday as thousands of people were still without electricity .
NB Power reported late Sunday that more than 100,000 customers in the province remained without power , nearly half in the provincial capital region . Nova Scotia Power 's website listed more than 65,000 outages.​
Environment Canada lifted all storm warnings over land in the Atlantic region in the wake of the potent storm , which brought with it near-hurricane strength winds and torrential rains .
Gaëtan Thomas , the president and chief executive officer of NB Power , spoke to reporters on Sunday and offered an update on when many citizens will see their electricity restored .
`` Fifty per cent of our customers should have power back by midnight tonight . The majority of our customers by noon tomorrow , '' Thomas said .
`` And the remainder , the ones in remote rural areas — the pockets of one or two customers , and there are more than 1,500 — they will be probably until Wednesday or Thursday when we can be back to them . ''
Bob Scott , a spokesperson for NB Power , said these number of outages is the highest the company has ever seen .
`` We are at 135,00 customers [ without power ] right now and there is a possibility that those numbers could rise slightly this morning , depending on what comes in from the eastern side of the province , '' Scott said .
`` The 135,000 would definitely be a record number for sure . ''
A large uprooted tree rests against a house in Oakland , N.S . on Saturday . ( The Canadian Press ) ​NB Power had 110 line and tree-trimming crews working on Saturday . By Sunday , the number of crews working in New Brunswick jumped to 155 , which includes private contractors and crews from Maine , Quebec and Edmundston Energy . Another 40 crews were expected to join them later on Sunday .
Thomas warned people not to deal with downed trees and lines on their own .
`` Lines will become entangled with the trees . Do n't take your chainsaws out — we know a lot of New Brunswickers own chainsaws — do n't take them out . It 's not prudent . It 's very dangerous , '' he said .
`` You have to treat every downed line as active and live . `` ​
Scott said NB Power was ready for the powerful storm .
`` We are ready for it and we are getting even more people in . You will see an awful lot of activity around the province [ on Sunday ] , '' Scott said.​
​Scott said there were a few crews out assessing damage overnight but most crews were pulled from the road for safety reasons and to give them some rest .
NB Power said it restored power to 60,000 high-priority customers on Saturday .
NS Power says electricity may return Sunday
The hardest-hit communities in Nova Scotia are in the Digby-Clare and Kentville-Wolfville areas . Nova Scotia Power said people in those areas may have to wait until 6 p.m. for their power to come back .
​Other communities may have to wait until 11:30 p.m. , while people in isolated places may have to wait until Monday or even Tuesday to be reconnected .
Post-tropical storm Arthur toppled trees and power lines as it moved through Nova Scotia on Saturday . These lines were found Sunday in Yarmouth . ( Colleen Jones/CBC ) Nova Scotia Power said hundreds of workers are out trying to restore power .
`` We have 73 Nova Scotia Power crews and an additional 35 contract crews and then [ 32 ] tree crews , '' said Stacey Pineau , a company spokesperson .
Nova Scotia Power said it restored power to about 20,000 customers overnight .
EastLink says it 's experiencing `` a service interruption '' affecting customers in the Maritimes .
A recorded message on its 1-888 phone line for residential service says internet , cable and telephone services are all affected . It also says technicians are working to fix the problem .
There are still roughly 5,000 people on Prince Edward Island without power , according to Maritime Electric .
The company says there are 19 crews working on restoring power . The weakened winds will help with the restoration effort on Sunday . Arthur weakening as it approaches N.L . The Canadian Hurricane Centre issued a statement on Sunday morning that said Arthur was `` slowly weakening . '' The remnants of Arthur are southwest of Stephenville and heading toward Newfoundland . `` Remnants of post-tropical storm Arthur are nothing more than some lingering gusty winds and a few pockets of heavy showers ( Newfoundland and Cape Breton ) , '' according to the Canadian Hurricane Centre . On Saturday , the storm was downgraded from hurricane status with sustained winds of about 110 km/h as it approached landfall in the Yarmouth area of Nova Scotia at about 7:30 a.m. Greenwood , N.S. , set the record for the strongest winds as the Canadian Hurricane Centre indicated gusts reached 138 km/h . Several other Maritime communities were hit with very strong winds : Brier Island , N.S . : 128 km/h .
Yarmouth , N.S . : 111 km/h .
Lunenburg , N.S . : 108 km/h .
Charlottetown , P.E.I . : 105 km/h .
Fredericton , N.B . : 100 km/h . The storm also brought heavy rains to many parts of the Maritimes . All of New Brunswick received heavy rainfall . St. Stephen , in the southwestern part of the province , received 143 millimetres of rain on Saturday — the highest amount of rain from the storm recorded in the Maritimes . The town also experienced some flooding on Saturday . However , police say the flooding is over and King Street , which was closed at 2 p.m on Saturday , has since reopened . The highest rainfall amounts on Saturday were all recorded in New Brunswick : Noonan , N.B. , 140 mm .
Millville , N.B . : 127 mm .
Miramichi , N.B . : 122 mm .
Gaspé , Que . : 67 mm .
Yarmouth , N.S . : 52 mm .
North Cape , P.E.I . : 27 mm .
Communities offer help
Several communities opened up public buildings for residents affected by the heavy rain and powerful winds brought to the region by post-tropical storm Arthur .
Fredericton set up a reception and charging centre at the city 's convention centre on Saturday . The centre will reopen on Sunday . The Red Cross will also be there to serve coffee and water .
Fredericton residents were lining up at gas stations early on Sunday morning . ( Daniel McHardie/CBC ) The Quispamsis Civic Centre will be open on Sunday for residents to charge cellphones or other electronic devices and get water .
Oromocto is also turning its municipal office into a reception centre on Sunday . The town says water and coffee will be available to residents affected by Arthur .
The widespread power outages , particularly in New Brunswick , forced many people to gas stations on Saturday to fill up in order to power their generators .
Many gas stations in Fredericton are reporting they are out of gas . The crush of people heading to the few gas stations that remained open caused some tempers to flare .
Lee-Anne Donovan said people were waiting more than 20 minutes for gas on Saturday evening and their patience was wearing thin .
Donovan also said all the food from their freezer has been sold .
Mahinmi will miss start of training camp , likely more
INDIANAPOLIS , IN - MAY 07 : Ian Mahinmi # 28 of the Indiana Pacers celebrates after making a basket against the Washington Wizards in Game 2 of the Eastern Conference Semifinals during the 2014 NBA Playoffs at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on May 7 , 2014 in Indianapolis , Indiana . NOTE TO USER : User expressly acknowledges and agrees that , by downloading and or using this photograph , User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement . ( Photo by Andy Lyons/Getty Images ) ( Photo : Andy Lyons Getty Images )
The Indiana Pacers will not be at full strength at the center position when the team begins training camp next week
Backup Ian Mahinmi ( left shoulder ) said Thursday that he expects to miss the start of the camp , that begins next Tuesday , and placed his return timetable at `` two weeks , maybe more . ''
`` We 've been increasing the basketball stuff lately and the shoulder 's been responding really good , really well to it , '' said Mahinmi , who has not needed surgery for his oft-injured shoulder . `` So it 's looking good , it 's going towards the right direction . ''
Pacers coach Frank Vogel echoed Mahinmi 's forecast . Although Mahinmi has been back in Indianapolis undergoing treatment and even lifting weights - light work for the upper body - he will not be on the court for practice next Tuesday and beyond
`` He 's not going to be ready to be a part of the initial training camp but shortly thereafter , '' Vogel said . `` Maybe the first week or so , he probably wo n't be practicing . ''
Two days before he was set to play for Team France in the FIBA World Cup , Mahinmi aggravated the injury that has lingered since the end of the Pacers ' season . Mahinmi said he initially hurt his shoulder a week before the postseason ; he wore a black sleeve over the tender area throughout Indiana 's run to the Eastern Conference Finals . But while in Spain for the last preparations of the FIBA World Cup , he felt the shoulder `` pop in and out . ''
`` It was very scary to me . I did n't really know if it was bad or not , so it happened once and I kept on practicing ... it felt good , no problem , '' Mahinmi recalled . `` And then the second time the very next day it happened again . So I went to the emergency room and took a few pictures of it and this is when we saw that it was a little bit iller than we thought . We had to call ( Pacers head trainer ) Josh ( Corbeil ) and obviously Larry and ( general manager ) Kevin Pritchard that I had injured my shoulder a little bit . Next thing you know , I had to come back here . ''
Mahinmi appeared in good spirits while making an appearance at the team 's golf outing on Thursday , and he did not wear any kind of protective sleeve while working on his putting game . Mahinmi believes a bit more rest this time could eliminate the injury .
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827 . Delivery : Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
`` I guess it was n't completely healed after the season , which is part of the reason why it happened to me again on the same shoulder , '' Mahinmi said . `` Now we 're treating and hopefully it 'll be good and it will be good forever .
Read or Share this story : http : //indy.st/1suZlHP
Many of you will be aware of the VW emissions scandal , where the company reported that their cars emitted fewer pollutants than they actually did . However , less of you may realise why this is such an important issue , both to buyers of VW cars and everyone else as well .
The reason that car manufacturers have to measure their emissions is because buyers want to know how much they will be polluting the environment when they are driving their vehicle . There are also rules on emissions and regulations which state what levels cars need to be at and these need to be met by manufacturers . Those buyers that picked a VW because they thought that it would be kinder to the environment than other models will have been sold a vehicle under false pretences . This means that they could be very cross about the fact that they are causing more pollution than they thought that they would be . It is worth them knowing that it could be possible for them to get VW emissions compensation . This may give them some peace of mind , but what about the rest of us ?
It is worth thinking about what impact these false reading ill have had on the rest of us . Firstly , other car manufacturers may have been doing the same thing or copy the idea now and so we could all be buying cars which are more damaging to the environment than we realise . Hopefully tests and checks have tightened up so this may not happen , but it could just mena that manufacturers get cleverer at cheating on the results . Read More
Gary Johnson , U.S. Presidential Candidate Libertarian Party , to Speak at Cannabis World Congress & Business Exposition in New York ( www.cwcbexpo.com )
WHEN : Thursday , June 16 , 2016
11:30 AM ET
WHERE : Cannabis World Congress & Business Exposition
1A Hall
Javits Convention Center
655 W. 34th Street
New York , NY 10001
http : //www.cwcbexpo.com
WHAT : Governor Gary Johnson , the Libertarian Party 's nominee in the 2016 election will be the first U.S. Presidential Candidate giving a special address at the Cannabis World Congress & Business Exposition ( CWCBExpo ) at the Javits Convention Center in New York , NY , on Thursday , June 16th , 2016 .
The Cannabis World Congress & Business Exposition ( CWCBExpo ) is the leading business exposition for the medical marijuana and legalized cannabis industry . He is the first U.S. Presidential candidate to speak at a Cannabis trade show and conference .
Governor Johnson , who has been referred to as the ‘ most fiscally conservative Governor ' in the country , was the Republican Governor of New Mexico from 1994-2003 . A successful businessman before running for Governor of New Mexico in 1994 , Gary Johnson started a door-to-door handyman business to help pay his way through college . Twenty years later , he had grown that business into one of the largest construction companies in New Mexico , with more than 1,000 employees .
Governor Johnson brings a distinctly business-like mentality to governing , believing that public policy decisions should be based on costs and benefits rather than strict ideology . Johnson is best known for his veto record , having vetoed more than 750 bills during his time in office , more than all other governors combined . His use of the veto pen has since earned him the nickname “ Governor Veto. ” He cut taxes 14 times while never raising them . When he left office , New Mexico was one of only four states in the country with a balanced budget . Term-limited , Johnson retired from public office in 2003 . In the 2012 presidential election , Johnson placed third and garnered more votes than any other Libertarian candidate in history .
An avid skier , adventurer , and bicyclist , he has scaled the highest peak on each of the seven continents , including Mt . Everest .
For more information about Cannabis World Congress & Business Expositions ( CWCBExpo ) visit http : //www.cwcbexpo.com
MSNBC is the basic cable & Satellite channel owned by the NBC universal group . The channel is the sister of the group of eight others which include CNBC , CNBC World and six others . MSNBC replaced America 's Talking ( 1994-1996 ) . It primarily covers the news , views , currents affairs & political opinions and debates both in America and Worldwide . The channel 's name was derived from the IT conglomerate Microsoft ‘ MS ' and the ‘ NBC ' of National Broadcasting Company . The Joint venture between Microsoft & General Electric 's NBC unit ( now NBC Universal ) concluded in establishing the MSNBC and foundation of msnbc.com in 1996 . Microsoft invested USD 221 million for having the share of 50 % in MSNBC news . We have HD quality live streaming for MSNBC , working 24 hours a day .
Watch MSNBC Live Streaming Online
Watch MSNBC News , Get the latest news , videos and interact with progressive community . Lean Forward with MSNBC . Stream may take some time to load . Be Patient ! .
MacLean completed his second season as Senators head coach in 2012-13 after being named to the position on June 14 , 2011 . MacLean guided the Senators to a 25-17-6 record this past season and a berth in the Stanley Cup Playoffs despite the extended absence of several key players due to injury . The youthful Senators lineup included a National Hockey League-high 14 rookies who played in at least one game . In the playoffs , the seventh-seeded Senators defeated the second-seeded Montreal Canadiens in five games in the first round before falling in five games to the Pittsburgh Penguins in the conference semifinals .
Following the season , MacLean was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the NHL 's Coach of the Year . This was MacLean 's second consecutive year as a finalist for the award , after placing third in 2011-12 voting , his rookie season as an NHL head coach . MacLean became only the second Ottawa Senators coach to win the Jack Adams Award , joining Jacques Martin , who won in 1999 .
“ In two years , Paul has made a significant impact on the entire franchise , both on and off the ice , ” said Senators general manager Bryan Murray . “ We feel that under Paul 's direction we have been able to develop into a team that is competitive each and every night and we are confident that he is the person we want behind the bench to lead us to our goal of being a championship level team . ”
In his first season with the club , MacLean led the Senators to a 41-31-10 record and a return to post-season play , where the team was defeated in seven games by the No . 1 seed New York Rangers in their Eastern Conference quarter-final series . MacLean made his NHL head coaching debut on Oct. 7 , 2011 , in Detroit and won his first game as a head coach in the Senators ' home opening-victory against Minnesota on Oct. 11 .
In two years with the Senators , MacLean has compiled a record of 66-48-16 ( .592 winning percentage ) in 130 regular-season games .
`` Paul represents what we want to become as both a hockey club and as a franchise , '' said Senators owner Eugene Melnyk . `` He is a hard-working coach and an outstanding teacher and mentor of the game . Paul 's ability to communicate openly and honestly with our players and prospects has been key to our on-ice success . He came to us with a history of winning and has instilled that same winning mindset with our players and our coaching staff . I am very pleased and proud to extend Paul 's contract and look forward to his many future contributions to our team and to our city . ”
Prior to joining Ottawa , he spent six seasons as an assistant coach to Mike Babcock with the Detroit Red Wings , making two appearances in the Stanley Cup final , winning in six games over the Pittsburgh Penguins in 2008 and losing in seven games to Pittsburgh in 2009 . Before his time with Detroit , MacLean was hired in 2002 by Murray , who was then the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim 's general manager . MacLean spent two seasons as an assistant to Babcock , the Mighty Ducks ' head coach at that time . In his first season in Anaheim , the club made its first Stanley Cup final appearance .
Prior to the joining the Anaheim coaching staff in 2002 , MacLean , who was born in Grostenquin , France , but grew up in Antigonish , N.S. , was head coach of the Quad City Mallards of the United Hockey League ( UHL ) from 2000-02 . MacLean led the Mallards to a two-season record of 112-27-9 ( .787 ) and the 2001 Colonial Cup championship .
MacLean was the head coach of the International Hockey League 's ( IHL ) Kansas City Blades from 1997 to 2000 . He spent one season as an assistant coach with the Phoenix Coyotes in 1996-97 and was head coach at Peoria ( IHL ) from 1993 to 1996 . While with Peoria , MacLean was named the Hockey News Minor League Coach of the Year in 1994 after leading the Rivermen to a 51-24-6 mark and a division title . He was also a scout with the St. Louis Blues for two seasons from 1991 to 1993 .
MacLean spent 11 seasons in the National Hockey League as a forward with St. Louis , the Winnipeg Jets and Detroit from 1980-81 to 1990-91 . He played in 719 NHL regular season games , scoring 324 goals and adding 349 assists for 673 points . He recorded eight seasons of scoring 30 or more goals . He also appeared in 53 playoff games , scoring 21 goals and 35 points . MacLean set career highs in goals ( 41 ) and points ( 101 ) during the 1984-85 season with Winnipeg and was named to the Campbell Conference All-Star Team . MacLean also represented Canada internationally at the 1980 Winter Olympics , held in Lake Placid , N.Y .
MacLean spends the off-season in Nova Scotia with his wife , Sharon . They have one daughter , Erin , and two sons , A.J . and David .
Visit the Senators website : www.ottawasenators.com
Follow the Senators on Twitter : @ NHL_Sens
Like the Senators on Facebook : www.facebook.com/ottawasenators
- end -
A few years back , Jim Benning was driving to , what else , a hockey game with his father , Elmer , when he glanced at the odometer of his dad 's fabled '95 Toyota Camry .
The junior Benning did a double take . He knew his dad had worn out that car through 20 Prairie winters as a scout for the Montreal Canadiens . But 650,000 kilometres ?
“ That ca n't be right , ” his son said .
“ Oh it 's right ” answered his dad . “ I 'm going to get it up to a million . ”
And damned if he did n't . The Camry , which hit the magic million mark a couple of years ago , is now preparing for a starring turn in the showroom of an Edmonton Toyota dealer . In reality it belongs in the Hockey Hall of Fame or , at the very least , a James Bond movie .
“ Every fall I 'd take it into the mechanic , ” Elmer Benning says from his Edmonton home , as he 's getting ready for , what else , a scouting trip to Red Deer . “ I 'd tell him , ‘ Do what you need to do . I 'm driving all over the Prairies in the winter . I do n't want to get stranded . '
“ They never opened the engine or the transmission . That car never let me down . ”
In other words it was reliable , durable and did its job , just like its owner .
There 's an old bromide in hockey that scouting gets in your blood and this is true in the most literal sense for Elmer and Jim Benning . Elmer , the family patriarch and father of four boys , is 76 and in his 47th year of scouting for the Canadiens , where his first boss was Habs legend Sam Pollock .
Jim , of course , is the Canucks ' general manager and came along in a different era , rising through the scouting ranks in Buffalo in the '90s , then Boston , before graduating to his front-office job with the Canucks . Jim made his bones during the time of computers and analytics . Elmer used to hand-write his game reports , then mail the carbon copy to Montreal .
But , while the job has changed over the years , there remains something timeless about the craft , and its secrets can only be learned in hockey outposts in the dead of winter . That requires a car that can go for a million kilometres . It also requires an unconditional love for the game .
“ Elmer has a hobby farm ( just outside Edmonton ) and he 's a workhorse , ” says his boss , Trevor Timmins , the Canadiens ' longtime director of amateur scouting .
By way of illustration , Timmins says a few years back he finally convinced Elmer to make the 45-minute flight from Edmonton to Kelowna instead of the nine-hour drive .
“ My dad was a fireman , a captain in the ( Edmonton ) Fire Department , ” says Jim Benning who 's 53 . “ He was always a hard-working , honest guy who treated people with respect . Those are the things I learned from my dad . ”
And he 's had a lifetime to learn them .
Elmer got his big break , such as it was , when Pollock was looking for an area scout in Alberta . Jim , at that point , was still in short pants , but his dad , who was raised on a farm near Humboldt , knew his way around the rinks in the Edmonton area . He was hired by the Canadiens in 1970 , Jean Beliveau 's last year with the team .
Forty-six years later , he 's with the same organization . Elmer was asked if his job has changed that dramatically over the years .
“ I have a list of things I like to see in a player , ” Elmer says . “ That has n't changed since I started . ”
Elmer , in fact , was instrumental in getting Jim his job with the Sabres in the mid-'90s after his 10-year NHL career had come to an end . When they were on the road , the two men never talked hockey or prospects . But once the draft was over , they 'd compare notes .
“ ( Jim ) would phone home and end up talking to his mother ( Liz , who worked as a nurse ) , ” Elmer says . “ Of course , I usually was n't home . ”
Over the years , Elmer has morphed into the wise , old head of his profession . He 's lost good friends like Gerry Melnyk , the Flyers ' super-scout and Lorne Davis , who worked for the Oilers . Charlie Hodge , who worked out of the Vancouver area , died last year after four decades in scouting . Elmer has his own health issues .
“ Now I 'm the old guy , ” he says .
But , always , there 's new blood in the game and the old scout lights up like a Christmas tree when he 's asked about his grandson , Matt , who 's found regular work on the Edmonton Oilers ' blue-line . The son of Jim 's brother Brian , himself a former NHL defenceman , Matt Benning was signed by the Oilers as a college free agent after the Bruins , who drafted him in 2012 , passed on the Northeastern product .
Jim Benning was the assistant GM in Boston when Matt was drafted .
“ He 's such a dedicated kid , ” says Elmer . “ We 're so happy for him . ”
A generation ago , Elmer put his own kids — Jim , Brian , Mark and Craig — into hockey and took a second job to pay their way . His directive to his boys was clear . “ I told them , ‘ I do n't care if you never play above house league , ' ” Elmer says . “ I 'll love you the same , but you 're not going to hang around the mall . ”
Turned out that was n't a problem .
“ I remember he was the first guy the neighbours would call on when they were building a fence , ” Jim Benning says . “ And the reason I remember is we had to carry the posts . ”
It 's not the only thing he 's carried from his father .
CLICK HERE to report a typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . Email vantips @ postmedia.com .
It might be time to run a remixed version of the hit track from The Jacksons ' from the 1970s :
Do n't blame it on the sunshine
Do n't blame it on the moonlight
Do n't blame it on good times
Blame it on the EVM
The UP Civic polls results are out and people are out to discredit BJP 's performance . After the results , the first question on EVMs was raised by an independent candidate , which did not seem to hold much ground . Now , politicians from national parties have joined the chorus . The theme has been : BJP 's win percentage is much higher in seats where EVMs were used and drops drastically in areas where Ballot papers were used . There are no direct allegations but nudge-nudge-wink-wink allusions point to EVM fraud . Take a look at a few tweets :
From Mr Zero Loss :
From the AAP MLA who brought a toy EVM to the Delhi assembly to show it can be hacked :
From Nitish babu 's estranged friend :
Another AAPian known to lie :
From the youth icon who got a thrashing earlier this year :
BSP 's Mayawati too claimed that if Lok Sabha polls for 2019 were held on ballot papers , BJP would not win . Figures may keep changing , but the assertion remains the same : EVM 's have been manipulated to make BJP win , and this BJP magic fails as soon as Ballot papers are introduced . So what is the truth ?
Firstly it is important to know why these percentages are being thrown around . Elections for 16 nagar nigams ( municipal corporations ) were held through EVMs , while ballot papers were used for simultaneous polls to 198 nagar palika parishads ( municipalities ) and 439 nagar panchayats . All the figures are based on this demarcation .
Based on the data on the State Election Commission 's site , BJP 's win percentage in nagar nigams is 45.69 % , whereas in nagar palikas and nagar panchayats combined , the win percentage drops to 15.36 % . Till here , most of the above claims are true . But then how have other major parties fared in a similar comparison ?
The above data can be understood as below : The columns marked in yellow shows the party-wise performance in areas where EVMs were used . The columns marked in green show the party-wise performance in areas where Ballot papers were used . And the last column in blue shows the percentage decrease in win percentage when we move from EVM areas to Ballot papers areas . Invalid and provisional results , as per the Election commission 's site ( 36 in total out of 12647 ) have been ignored .
BJP 's win percentage comes down from 46.39 % to 15.55 % , by around 66 % . But Sibal 's Congress ' win percentage comes down by even more i.e 67 % , from 8.37 % to 2.74 % , when we compare EVM results with Ballot paper results . Similarly , win rates of SP & BSP have also come down by 39 % and 57 % respectively .
All in all , as one compares performances of parties , all parties have fared significantly worse in areas using ballot papers . What does this prove ? Did all parties hack into EVMs which gave them better results in areas using EVMs ? Did BJP tamper with the EVMs to pass on some good results to its competitors as well ?
The above data will make sense when we see the last line of the puzzle : The performance of independents :
See the last row ( in italics ) . While independents had just a 17.03 % win rate in areas using EVMs , they won a whopping 66.22 % seats in areas using Ballot papers . A more sensible reading would be : Independents fared badly in Nagar Nigams , but thrived in Nagar Palikas and Nagar Panchayats , while all parties perished in such areas . An even more nuanced reading would be : Parties performed better in urban areas whereas they failed in semi-urban and rural areas , where Independents ruled the roost .
This brings us to the second point : While people are comparing EVM results vs Ballot paper results , they are comparing results in urban areas with those in semi-urban and rural areas , which is like comparing apples with oranges . Voting patterns and sensibilities are markedly different in urban and rural areas , and simplistic comparisons fail to grasp this . Instead of looking at conspiracy theories like EVM fraud , these trends indicate that party affiliation matters more to the urban voter whereas rural votes may be more personality driven than party driven .
While such analysis shows the obvious reasons for the fluctuation in win percentages , social media will be rife with such half-baked analysis as those peddled by the like of Akhilesh , Sibal , or AAP leaders . Media commentators often rue the lack of fact-checking when statements of politicians are reported . Will these same people take cognizance now ?
The London Transport Museum has announced a new round of tunnel and disused station tours , with tickets going on sale next week .
The tours include some old favourites and two new tours — of the tunnels below Euston station , and also TfL 's headquarters building at St James Park .
Prices will be announced when the tickets go on sale .
For a tip on how to get early access to the tickets , read below :
The tours
Down Street disused station tour ( review )
Located in Hyde Park Corner and Green Park , Down Street had a short life as a working station from 1907 to 1932 but became critical to winning the Second World War when covertly transformed into the Railway Executive Committee 's bomb-proof bunker .
Visitors will experience the warren of narrow tunnels where the nation 's railways were coordinated and Prime Minister Winston Churchill took refuge secretly at the height of the Blitz .
Dates : Wednesdays , Thursdays , Fridays , Saturdays and Sundays , from 4 August to 11 September 2016 ; 24 November to 18 December 2016 ; 11 January to 5 March 2017
Clapham South : WW2 shelter ( review )
Journey 180 steps underground to explore one of eight Second World War deep-level shelters that exist across London . Opened to the public in July 1944 , Clapham South deep-level shelter has over a mile of subterranean passageways that reveal the extraordinary stories of those who sheltered here , from Londoners seeking refuge during the Blitz , to Caribbean migrants arriving on the Empire Windrush in 1948 and even thrifty visitors to the Festival of Britain in 1951 .
Dates : Wednesday , Thursday , Fridays , Saturdays and Sundays , from 14 July to 21 Aug 2016 ; 2 March to 26 March 2017
55 Broadway : London 's first skyscraper ( review )
Visitors will enjoy an expert led exclusive tour inside London 's first skyscraper , 55 Broadway at St. James 's Park . Radical and offensive to some when unveiled in 1929 , this Grade I listed structure is now a wonderful example of Art Deco London .
This tour allows elite access to London Underground 's former headquarters and offers a new perspective on the capital city . Includes stunning rooftops views .
Dates : Saturdays and Sundays , 7/8 May , 4/5 June , 2/3 July , 13/14 August , 8/9 October , 19/20 November , 3/4 December 2016
Euston : The lost tunnels
Enter a labyrinth of dark and deserted passageways which were once used by the travelling public , and a gallery of preserved vintage advertising poster fragments that have been concealed for over 50 years .
Dates : Thursday , Fridays , Saturdays and Sundays , from 26 May to 19 June 2016 ; 22 September to 30 October 2016
Aldwych and Charing Cross
No tours this time due to planned works at those sites .
Priority booking option
If you sign up to the Transport Museum 's newsletter by the end of Monday 18th April , you will receive a priority booking link ahead of the main release of tickets on the 20th April .
Universities and state governments continue to prioritize undocumented students , allowing them to pay in-state tuition and even exempting them from some university policies .
As the Trump administration 's Department of Homeland Security mulls abolishing the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , state governments and universities continue to offer benefits and advantages to illegal immigrant students .
The DACA program , which was created through an executive action signed by former President Barack Obama in 2012 , shelters many young people , also known as “ Dreamers , ” who are in the country illegally .
Among other qualifications , Dreamers must be under the age of 31 as of June 15 , 2012 , arrived in the United States before the age of 16 , and have not been convicted of a felony or serious misdemeanor in order to be protected by the DACA program .
More than 800,000 young illegal immigrants have been protected by the program since its initiation five years ago , according to recent data released by U.S . Citizenship and Immigration Services .
Yet it is not yet clear whether the DACA program will remain under the Trump Administration .
“ The future of the DACA program continues to be under review with the Administration , ” Department of Homeland Security spokeswoman Joanne Tablot told The College Fix via e-mail . “ With regard to DACA , the President has remarked on the need to handle the issue with compassion and with heart . ”
The Department of Homeland Security on June 15 rescinded the memorandum that created the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents program . That DAPA program , which was never implemented , sought to shelter illegal immigrants who had a son or daughter who is a U.S. citizen or lawful permanent resident .
The memorandum did not alter the status of the DACA program , and Talbot told The Fix : “ The fact that DACA was not rescinded by the same memo should not be interpreted as bearing any relevance on the long-term future of that program . ”
The long-term uncertainty of DACA notwithstanding , illegal immigrants have received , and continue to receive , special advantages and priorities from universities and state governments across the country .
The University of California Board of Regents , for instance , passed a policy on May 18 which capped the number of out-of-state students allowed to enroll in UC colleges . The new policy holds that only 18 percent of students can come from out-of-state .
However , in early June , The College Fix learned that students in the country illegally are exempt from the effects of the 18 percent cap .
“ The caps do not apply to undocumented students , ” UC spokeswoman Claire Doan told The College Fix via email at the time . The University of California estimates that 3,700 undocumented students are in the UC system .
The University of California already offers DACA students in-state tuition rates , which can be half the cost of out-of-state rates .
In a similar vein , lawmakers in Rhode Island are offering undocumented students advantages not extended to legal United States residents .
Rhode Island state Rep. Grace Diaz proposed a bill last month which would allow illegals to to pay in-state tuition at public universities or colleges .
The bill would allow undocumented students who live in Rhode Island to pay the same tuition rate as legal residents of the state . The students must have completed at least three years of high school in Rhode Island and sign an affidavit pledging to work toward citizenship .
Currently , a total of 20 states offer in-state tuition to illegal immigrant students . In addition , many private colleges like Tufts and Emory provide significant financial aid to undocumented students .
In contrast to these various advantages , individuals protected by DACA had a setback in Arizona last month , where the Appeals Court ruled on June 20 that undocumented students are no longer eligible for in-state tuition .
The ruling overturned a 2015 lower-court decision that young undocumented students were considered legally present in the U.S. and therefore can qualify for state benefits like in-state tuition .
More than 2,000 DACA students are currently receiving lower , in-state tuition rates between the state 's universities and Maricopa community colleges .
Arizona Dream Act Coalition Board President Karina Ruiz has vowed to fight the Arizona Appeals Court 's recent decision .
“ We must come together and work to defeat this unjust law . Justice shall prevail ! ” said Ruiz in a statement provided to The College Fix .
Ruiz was referring to Proposition 300 , passed in 2006 , which provides that university students who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents are not eligible for in-state tuition rates .
The Appeals Court 's ruling will not go into effect just yet .
“ The Arizona Board of Regents have already stated that they will keep the in-state for DACA until the decision from the Arizona Supreme Court comes out , ” Ruiz told The Fix .
But Ruiz is still not satisfied . “ To us this is not enough , they have hundreds of students that will be affected and we are asking the Board of Regents to join in an Amicus Brief to formally support the lawsuit with the Maricopa County Community College District , ” she told The Fix .
MORE : Emory University to pay ‘ 100 percent ' of the financial need of students in country illegally
MORE : University of California caps out-of-state student enrollment — excludes illegal immigrants from policy
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE : Shutterstock
Justified layout Cascading grid layout Inline elements - basic sample Inline elements - organize images in albums Set images using API - basic sample Set images using API - organize images in albums Pagination 1 row Flickr - display full photostream / cropped square thumbnails Thumbnail sizes dependant of screen resolution Checkbox selection Custom icons with font Awesome / rename 'List of Albums ' in breadcrumb Auto display breadcrumb for navigation Touch screen - touch twice to open thumbnail Display images with Lightbox Online test tool
Use the parameter breadcrumbAutoHideTopLevel to display the breadcrumb only when an album is opened .
To display the gallery with a cascading layout , set thumbnailHeight to 'auto ' and set a width in pixel to thumbnailWidth .
To display the gallery with a justified layout , set thumbnailWidth to 'auto ' and set a height in pixel to thumbnailHeight .
To display the full Flick photostream , set the option photoset to 'none ' .
nanoGALLERY - Custom Icons
This example shows you how to use icons from Font Awesome .
The breadcrumd home icon is replaced by a camera icon . It 's defined twice : one is used by default ( breadcrumbHome ) and the other one is used on devices in french ( breadcrumbHome_FR ) .
A search icon is displayed in the thumbnail description .
This shows you also how to change the label 'List of Albums ' ( parameter 'breadcrumbHome ' ) .
For this example , you also need to include Font Awesome in the HEAD of your page .
To accompany the article So you think humans are unique ? we have selected six articles from the New Scientist archive that tell a similar story . We have also asked the researchers involved to update us on their latest findings . Plus , we have rounded up six videos of animals displaying ‘ human ' abilities .
1 . Culture
Art , theatre , literature , music , religion , architecture and cuisine – these are the things we generally associate with culture . Clearly no other animal has anything approaching this level of cultural sophistication . But culture at its core is simply the sum of a particular group 's characteristic ways of living , learned from one another and passed down the generations , and other primate species undoubtedly have practices that are unique to groups , such as a certain way of greeting each other or obtaining food .
Even more convincing examples of animal cultures are found in cetaceans . Killer whales , for example , fall into two distinct groups , residents and transients . Although both live in the same waters and interbreed , they have very different social structures and lifestyles , distinct ways of communicating , different tastes in food and characteristic hunting techniques – all of which parents teach to offspring .
Read the original article : Culture shock ( 24 March 2001 )
Advertisement
Hal Whitehead , Dalhousie University writes :
“ Since our 2001 review , people have often considered culture as a potential explanation of the behavioural patterns that have turned up in their studies of whales and dolphins .
“ Our own work has concentrated on the non-vocal forms of sperm-whale culture . The different cultural clans of sperm whales , although in basically the same areas , use these waters very differently , and are affected very differently by El Niño events . They also have different reproductive rates .
“ In sperm whales , and likely other whales and dolphins , culture has the potential to affect population biology , and so issues as diverse as genetic evolution and the impacts of global warming on the species . ”
2 . Mind reading
Perhaps the surest sign that an individual has insight into the mind of another is the ability to deceive . To outwit someone you must understand their desires , intentions and motives – exactly the same ability that underpins the “ theory of mind ” . This ability to attribute mental states to others was once thought unique to humans , emerging suddenly around the fifth year of life . But the discovery that babies are capable of deception led experts to conclude that “ mind-reading ” skills develop gradually , and fuelled debate about whether they might be present in other primates .
Experiments in the 1990s indicated that great apes and some monkeys do understand deception , but that their understanding of the minds of others is probably implicit rather than explicit as it is in adult humans .
Read the original article : Liar ! Liar ! ( 14 February 1998 )
Marc Hauser , Harvard University , writes :
“ The tamarin work did n't pan out , but there are now several studies that show evidence of theory of mind in primates , including work by Brian Hare , Josep Call , Mike Tomasello , Felix Warneken , Laurie Santos , Justin Wood , and myself on chimps , rhesus monkeys and tamarins . There is nothing quite like a successful Sally-Anne test , but studies point to abilities such as seeing as a form of knowing , reading intentions and goals . ”
3 . Tool use
Some chimps use rocks to crack nuts , others fish for termites with blades of grass and a gorilla has been seen gauging the depth of water with the equivalent of a dipstick , but no animal wields tools with quite the alacrity of the New Caledonian crow . To extract tasty insects from crevices , they craft a selection of hooks and long , barbed tapers called stepped-cut tools , made by intricately cutting a pandanus leaf with their beaks . What 's more , experiments in the lab suggest that they understand the function of tools and deploy creativity and planning to construct them .
Nobody is suggesting that toolmaking has common origins in humans and crows , but there is a remarkable similarity in the ways in which their respective brains work . Both are highly lateralised , revealed in the observation that most crows are right-beaked – cutting pandanus leaves using the right side of their beaks . New Caledonian crows may force us to reassess the mental abilities of our first toolmaking ancestors .
Read the original article : Look , no hands ( 17 August 2002 )
Gavin Hunt at the University of Aukland , writes :
“ The general aim of our research on New Caledonian crows is to determine how a ‘ bird brain ' can produce such complex tools and tool behaviour . Since the New Scientist article appeared in 2002 , our team has focused on continuing to document tool manufacture and use in the wild ( New Zealand Journal of Zoology , vol 35 p 115 ) , the development of tool skills in free-living juveniles , the social behaviour and ecology of NC crows on the island of Maré , experimental work investigating NC crows ' physical cognition and general intelligence , and neurological work .
“ Some of this work is being undertaken collaboratively with laboratories in Germany ( neurology ) and New Zealand ( genotyping ) . A very similar study is also being carried out independently at the University of Oxford . This parallel research has produced findings that are both confirmatory and conflicting . ”
Alex Kacelnik , University of Oxford , adds :
“ We now know for sure that genetics is involved in the tool-making abilities of new Caledonian crows . We raised nestlings by hand and found that chicks that had never seen anybody handle objects of any kind started to use tools to extract food from crevices at a similar age to those who were exposed to human tutors using tools ( Animal Behaviour , vol 72 , p 1329 ) . Clearly , observing others is not necessary for the tool use . However chicks exposed to tutoring exhibit a greater intensity of tool-related activity . Not surprisingly , genes and experience show a complex interaction .
“ We have also developed a new technique , consisting of loading tiny video cameras on free-ranging birds , so as to see what they see and document the precise use of tools in nature . We have discovered that they use tools in loose soil , that they use a kind of tool not previously described ( grass stems ) , and that they hunt for vertebrates ( lizards ) . All of this , together with laboratory analysis of their cognitive abilities is forming a richer picture of what the species can do . ”
4 . Morality
A classic study in 1964 found that hungry rhesus monkeys would not take food they had been offered if doing so meant that another monkey received an electric shock . The same is true of rats . Does this indicate nascent morality ? For decades , we have preferred to find alternative explanations , but recently ethologist Marc Bekoff from the University of Colorado at Boulder has championed the view that humans are not the only moral species . He argues that morality is common in social mammals , and that during play they learn the rights and wrongs of social interaction , the “ moral norms that can then be extended to other situations such as sharing food , defending resources , grooming and giving care ” .
Read the original article : Virtuous nature ( 13 July 2002 )
Marc Bekoff , University of Colorado , writes :
“ Work published this year showed that animals are able to make social evaluations and these assessments are foundational for moral behaviour in animals other than humans . Francys Subiaul of the George Washington University and his colleagues showed that captive chimpanzees are able to make judgments about the reputation of unfamiliar humans by observing their behaviour – whether they were generous or stingy in giving food to other humans . The ability to make character judgments is just what we would expect to find in a species in which fairness and cooperation are important in interactions among group members ( Animal Cognition , DOI : 10.1007/s10071-008-0151-6 ) . ”
5 . Emotions
Emotions allow us to bond with others , regulate our social interactions and make it possible to behave flexibly in different situations . We are not the only animals that need to do these things , so why should we be the only ones with emotions ? There are many examples of apparent emotional behaviour in other animals .
Elephants caring for a crippled herd member seem to show empathy . A funeral ritual performed by magpies suggests grief . Was it spite that led a male baboon called Nick to take revenge on a rival by urinating on her ? Divers who freed a humpback whale caught in a crab line describe its reaction as one of gratitude . Then there 's the excited dance chimps perform when faced with a waterfall – it looks distinctly awe-inspired . These days , few doubt that animals have emotions , but whether they feel these consciously , as we do , is open to debate .
Read the original article : Do animals have emotions ? ( 23 May 2007 )
6 . Personality
It 's no surprise that animals that live under constant threat from predators are extra-cautious , while those that face fewer risks appear to be more reckless . After all , such successful survival strategies would evolve by natural selection . But the discovery that individuals of the same species , living under the same conditions , vary in their degree of boldness or caution is more remarkable . In humans we would refer to such differences as personality traits .
From cowardly spiders and reckless salamanders to aggressive songbirds and fearless fish , we are finding that many animals are not as characterless as we might expect . What 's more , work with animals has led to the idea that personality traits evolve to help individuals survive in a wider variety of ecological niches , and this is influencing the way psychologists think about human personality .
Read the original article : Critters with attitude ( 3 June 2001 )
For an update on animal personalities and how research in this area is throwing light on human behaviour read The personality factor .
Two superstars now on the books at Barcelona and Chelsea could have been gracing the ranks at White Hart Lane if the former Spurs boss had got his way
Harry Redknapp was considering a move for Luis Suarez and said Eden Hazard was `` dead keen '' on a switch to Tottenham when he was manager of the club .
Redknapp 's men eventually finished the 2011-12 season in fourth in the Premier League , while they reached the FA Cup semi-finals .
Then linked with the England job , the 69-year-old said Spurs were close to signing Suarez and Hazard .
Suarez 's awful first day in Barcelona
`` I was managing a Tottenham team I thought could go on and win the title , I genuinely believed that , '' Redknapp told talkSPORT .
`` We got Louis Saha and Ryan Nelsen on free transfers – we were short , we had injuries at centre-half and I had no striker .
`` If we had gone out [ and invested ] then , Luis Suarez was the player we were looking at . ''
Suarez joined Liverpool in January 2011 , scoring 69 league goals in just 110 appearances for the club .
Another player Redknapp said he was close to signing was Hazard , who joined Chelsea in mid-2012 and has won a Premier League and Europa League with the club .
`` I met Hazard and spent three hours with him in a hotel in Paris – I met him at the airport and he was dead keen to come to Tottenham , '' he said .
Legends Hazard will beat to 50 PL goals
`` We were right down the road with Hazard and Luis Suarez was the best player in the Premier League when he was at Liverpool , he was fantastic .
`` If we just got one of those in , we had a team that could have challenged for the title . ''
Russia is fully ready to continue the dialogue with the US regarding joint actions to combat terrorists in Syria , the Russian Ministry of Defense has said . It stressed , however , that this is only possible if Washington abstains from “ any hints of threats to Russia 's military and citizens . ”
Read more
The statement came in response to comments made by US State Department spokesperson John Kirby at a press briefing on Wednesday . Kirby said that if the war in Syria continues , “ more Russian lives will be lost , more Russian aircraft will be shot down ” as “ extremist groups will continue to exploit the vacuums that are there in Syria to expand their operations , which could include attacks against Russian interests , perhaps even Russian cities . ”
Speaking on Thursday , Russian Ministry of Defense spokesman Major-General Igor Konashenkov said : “ Once again we declare that we are fully prepared to continue the dialogue with the American side and carry on with the joint actions to combat terrorists in Syria . ”
“ However , even the slightest hints of a threat to our soldiers and Russian citizens must be excluded from this dialogue . The matter of safety of Russian citizens , wherever they may be , is not up for bargaining . It is our main and unconditional priority , ” the spokesman stressed .
Washington , which supports the so-called ‘ moderate opposition ' in Syria , has previously promised to separate rebels from the Al-Nusra Front terrorist organization , but has not yet lived up to that obligation .
Regarding Kirby 's “ threat of potential losses ” to Russia in Syria , Konashenkov pointed out that Moscow is well aware of the whereabouts of American “ experts involved in operational planning and supervision of the militants ' actions . ”
Kirby 's comments did not go unnoticed by the Russian Foreign Ministry either . The ministry 's spokeswoman , Maria Zakharova , hit back at the US official 's statement on her Facebook page .
Read more
“ Do n't you think that such ventriloquism about ‘ body bags , ' ‘ terrorist attacks in Russian cities ' and ‘ loss of aircraft , ' sounds more like a ‘ get 'em ' command , rather than a diplomatic comment ? ” Zakharova asked .
Russia will continue its military operation in Syria helping government forces in their fight against terrorists , Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told journalists on Thursday .
“ Moscow is continuing its Air-Space Forces operations supporting the anti-terrorist efforts of the Syrian armed forces . This is the most important thing – the fight against terrorists continues , ” Peskov told reporters on Thursday .
Meanwhile , the UN has urged Russia and the US to re-establish their cooperation on bringing about the cessation of hostilities in Syria . The two countries ' efforts recently stalled following discrepancies regarding the conditions of the negotiated ceasefire . While Moscow has been angered by Washington 's inability to separate rebels and terrorists , the US has threatened to halt all cooperation between the two countries unless Moscow and Damascus end the current attack on militants in east Aleppo . The United Nations deputy Syria envoy , Ramzy Ezzeldine Ramzy , on Thursday said that the restoration of the agreement between Russia and the US in order to restore the truce in Syria “ will be the best step forward. ” According to Ramzy , up to 600 people have recently been injured in besieged east Aleppo . They are in urgent need of evacuation , as medical supplies in the city are scarce and there are only rations for a quarter of the population .
Read more
On September 19 , the week-long ceasefire brokered by Russia and the US expired in Syria . Moscow has offered to impose 48-hour ‘ breaks ' in military operations in Aleppo instead of week-long ceasefires , which Russia regards as “ unacceptable. ” Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov on Thursday said that this latest proposal remains “ on the table . ”
“ In order to solve humanitarian problems and provide humanitarian access , we have repeatedly offered 48-hour ceasefires , but American counterparts have fixated entirely on the requirement of seven-day breaks for reasons only known to them , ” Ryabkov told reporters . Russia has repeatedly noted that the previous seven-day ceasefire was adhered to only by Damascus , while the opposition and various terrorist groups have used it to “ rest and regroup forces . ”
“ The duration [ seven days ] seems to be specifically chosen for solving such problems [ as regrouping ] , so a seven-day ceasefire is not acceptable to us , however the proposals for 48-hour breaks are still on the table , ” Ryabkov said .
DEHRADUN : Prime Minister Narendra Modi today rued that successive governments had sought to forget India 's traditional medicinal systems instead of promoting them.Little was done to promote the traditional systems of medicine and wellness disciplines such as yoga in the pre- and post-independence eras , Modi said after inaugurating a research institute at yoga guru Baba Ramdev 's Patanjali Yogpeeth here . `` In the pre-independence era the gems of our traditional systems of medicine and healthcare were deliberately kept under wraps because we were a slave country . But even in the post-independence era , unfortunately , there was an effort on the part of successive governments to forget the distinctive specialities of our traditional systems rather than promoting them , '' Modi said.He said the new institute , designed to facilitate clinical trials and modern packaging of ayurvedic medicines , was a big step forward towards `` holistic '' healthcare and would pave the way for a wider acceptance of India 's traditional therapeutic systems . `` The main roadblock in the wider acceptance of ayurvedic medicines is the old-school , elaborate system of administering them . If ayurvedic medicines are packaged in a modern way , the world will accept them with alacrity , '' he said.With the hi-tech research institute equipped with a state-of-the-art laboratory , `` a significant step '' had been taken in that direction , Modi said.He congratulated Ramdev for the research institute and for taking yoga `` to every household across the world '' .Modi also released an encyclopaedia compiled over ten years by Ramdev 's aide , Acharya Balkrishna . Titled `` World Herbal Encyclopaedia '' , it looks at of over 70000 herbal species found across the country.Ramdev , who conferred the title of `` Rashtra Rishi '' on Modi for his `` relentless efforts to build a clean , strong and united India '' , said in his address the country was bound to prosper under Modi 's `` illustrious leadership '' .The prime minister said the honour had come as a surprise to him . `` My source of inspiration is the 125 crore people of this country . I do n't believe in myself as much as in the strength of the blessings of 125 crore Indians , '' Modi said.The prime minister arrived at Patanjali from Kedarnath , where he prayed at an 8th-century shrine dedicated to Lord Shiva .
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com .
Leftist protesters around the country used the tax deadline on April 18 as an occasion to hold rallies demanding the release of President Trump 's tax returns . They could use large inflatable chickens and signs with hammers and sickles saying `` Show us your rubles '' and no journalist would be offended .
Knowing the president , this will have all the effectiveness of national rallies that demand we get transcripts of Hillary Clinton 's six-figure speeches . It 's unlikely .
But the Saturday network newscasts promoted the anti-Trump `` resistance '' without really noting that it 's a bit strange for left-wingers to be protesting on taxes , unless they think rates are dangerously low . CBS correspondent Errol Barnett announced , `` As nationwide Tax Day protests reached the sunny streets of West Palm Beach , Florida , today , President Trump spent time at his International Golf Club and Mar-a-Lago resort nearby . ''
On ABC , they acknowledged `` violent clashes '' among protesters in California , and anchor Tom Llamas promoted the wave , saying , `` There were about 150 Tax Days protests demanding to see the president 's tax returns , even at the president 's Mar-a-Lago resort . '' NBC led the whole newscast on the protests , including the violence that erupted in Berkeley .
Something was missing in all of this protest publicity : the notion that the protesters were n't a real grass-roots movement . Liberal journalists are always happy to see liberal protesters boosting any mob that matches their ideals . Because they are liberal , they are always presented as authentic , diverse and representative of the public , regardless of the last election 's results . It can be rigidly organized by MoveOn and other leftist groups , but it will be painted as spontaneous .
But rewind to eight years ago : While the networks covered conservative Tax Day protests against then-President Obama , the emphasis was on how phony they were .
ABC reporter Dan Harris suggested the protesters were AstroTurf `` cheered on by Fox News and talk radio . '' As opposed to `` authentic '' organizers cheered by ABC , CBS and NBC ? Harris added : `` Critics on the left say this is not a real grassroots phenomenon at all , that it 's actually largely orchestrated by people fronting for corporate interests . ... While the Boston Tea Party in 1773 was about taxation without representation , critics point out that today 's protesters did get to vote -- they just lost . ''
CBS reporter Dean Reynolds announced that while `` a fistful of rightward-leaning websites and commentators embraced the cause . ... fresh polling indicates there is not all that much passion about high taxes in the country at large right now . Gallup this week found 61 percent of Americans see their federal income taxes as fair . ''
On NBC , Lee Cowan reported that `` organizers insist today 's tea parties were organic uprisings of like-minded taxpayers from both parties , '' but `` some observers suggest not all of it was as home-grown as it may seem . '' His `` observer '' was colleague Chuck Todd , who did n't exactly have his finger on the 2010 pulse . Earlier that day , Todd insisted that the idea of these `` so-called tea parties ... has n't really caught on . ''
Oops . Wishful thinking trumped reporting .
The networks also spent the Obama years ignoring how the tea party was motivated by historically enormous trillion-dollar deficits . Facts like those were stubborn things . Journalists felt it was best to navigate around them as the `` news '' consisted of congratulating Obama for his ability to sing Al Green songs and his rib-tickling Obamacare-promoting interviews with supportive comedians .
It 's ironic that the liberal media now accuse President Trump of lacking any principles and being indifferent to public policy matters . Perhaps after their performance in the last eight years , the anchormen should be looking in the mirror .
In the blog post announcing the report , Amazon Web Services Chief Information Security Officer Stephen Schmidt made it clear that the company was never part of the NSA 's PRISM surveillance program . He also said Amazon believes search warrants should be a requirement if authorities want to access a customer 's information , and that it wo n't support any legislation that mandates putting backdoors on websites . Schmidt , however , did n't explain why the corporation used to be very secretive about these numbers . It 's even the last tech company in the Fortune 500 to come out with a transparency report , according to ZDNet , despite being criticized for years by industry watchdogs like the EFF .
Reading between the lines of Amazon 's 1st transparency report , they 've almost certainly received a NSL or FISA order . http : //t.co/MRfT5dVdiQ — Christopher Soghoian ( @ csoghoian ) June 13 , 2015
Google today announced a new set of changes to its search engine , in an effort to deliver higher quality results and limit fake news . The company outlined changes to its search ranking , feedback tools , and transparency practices in a blog post published today .
To limit the spread of offensive or inaccurate search results , Google recently updated its Search Quality Rater Guidelines , which human evaluators use to gauge the quality of search results . The updated guidelines provide clearer examples of low-quality results , including “ misleading information , unexpected offensive results , hoaxes and unsupported conspiracy theories , ” engineering VP Ben Gomes wrote in the blog post . Google has also tweaked its algorithms to prioritize authoritative results .
Google faced criticism in recent months for delivering search results that were wildly inaccurate or offensive . In December , Google 's top result for the query “ did the Holocaust happen ? ” came from a white supremacist website . Gomes writes that such results “ are less likely to appear ” under the changes announced this week .
Google has also introduced a new feedback mechanism for users to report inaccurate autocomplete suggestions or featured snippets — the boxes of text that appear at the top of certain queries . Google 's featured snippets have in recent months sourced results from sites that traffic in conspiracy theories and hoaxes . Users can now report inaccurate or offensive snippets and autocomplete suggestions directly from the results page .
Google is seeking to be more transparent about its search practices , as well , and how its algorithms can deliver outlandish results . The company 's policy on content removal and autocomplete suggestions is now available on its help center page , and more detailed information on search ranking has been added to its “ how search works ” site .
Has your company every wanted to partner with Google on their Summer of Code ? ( It 's not something they share , and I know people have asked . )
Do n't answer too quickly . You might want to check with some contacts in other departments , see if there ever has been interested in tapping the deeper benefits of sponsoring a summer coding event .
Red Hat took a look , which I wrote up in a report in the fall of 2009 , and that 's the main reason we are doing Fedora Summer Coding 2010 .
If you work for or with an organization , business , foundation , non-profit , etc . that benefits from a better Fedora Project … consider if you have some budget to help fund a student proposal .
Aside from all the potential benefits to the Fedora Project that directly or indirectly benefit you , your company stands to gain more than positive brand image . You help teach the next generation about how to be involved in FOSS , which teaches them the skills you want them to have when you hire them . Red Hat is not the only company who has hired former GSoC students .
We have the next 9 or 10 days to get funding pledges from sponsors for this first round . If you think there is any chance you or your organization might want to participate at any funding level , please contact me directly and we 'll go from there .
Even if you ca n't make this first round , contact me anyway . For example , we 're discussing scheduling a summer coding for the Southern Hemisphere . This would make time for new sponsors in this calendar year .
Published 22.05.2014 21:27 GMT+3 | Author Martin Merk
Last year they lost with their joint bid . This time they 'll bid against each other : Denmark and Latvia want to host the 2018 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship .
Following presentations , the 2014 IIHF Annual Congress , with delegates from the International Ice Hockey Federation 's member countries , will allocate the flagship event to be held in four years on Friday .
Denmark applies with the cities of Copenhagen and Herning as venues , while Latvia wants to bring the event back to two arenas in Riga . The next three World Championships have already been awarded to Prague and Ostrava ( Czech Republic ) in 2015 ; to Moscow and St. Petersburg ( Russia ) in 2016 ; and a co-hosted event in Cologne ( Germany ) and Paris ( France ) in 2017 .
Denmark
Copenhagen , the capital of Denmark with 1.9 million inhabitants and 3.8 million in the Danish-Swedish Oresund region , is the main venue for the bid with the hockey town of Herning , a city of 86,000 , as second venue .
With a capacity for 12,000 fans , the Royal Arena in Copenhagen is being built and expected to open its gates by the beginning of 2016 . A practice rink will be built adjacent to the Royal Arena . The arena is being built in an area between the city centre and the airport . It will be a 10-minute journey by metro and the venue 's train station allows direct connections to the airport and to Sweden . There 's also a motorway exit close to the arena . A fan zone is planned by the arena operator .
Herning is a three-hour journey from Copenhagen by car or train , or a 45-minute flight from the nearby Billund Airport .
The Jyske Bank Boxen that opened in Herning in October 2010 is a multifunctional arena for 12,000 spectators , including an event area with a football stadium and exhibition halls nearby that can be used for additional functions such as a fan zone and press centre . A railway station , bus stops and highway exit are nearby . The arena has hosted international handball and volleyball events , as well as concerts with stars like Prince , Rihanna or Lady Gaga . The KVIK Hockey Arena of the Herning Blue Fox is five kilometres away and will be used as practice facility .
Denmark is the highest-ranked nation that has never hosted the IIHF 's flagship event but has organized other IIHF events like Division I tournaments in the U20 and U18 categories and the Final Olympic Qualification . It would be the biggest single sporting event ever held in Denmark , which presented its bid under the slogan “ We are ready ” . “ We have a plan to move our great sport forward and today we can say we are ready . Let 's create a new home for hockey , ” said the Danish Ice Hockey Union 's President and IIHF Council member , Henrik Bach Nielsen . Denmark has played in lower divisions for decades before earning promotion in 2002 . Since 2003 the Danes have been playing in the top division and have begun producing NHL-calibre talent . “ Until some years ago hockey had little coverage in Denmark . We kept believing in ourselves and were willing to become better . We want to be a top hockey nation , ” Edmonton Oilers ' defenseman Philip Larsen said in his speech . “ We are still one final step missing : the chance to show our fans what we can do on home ice . By that we can show all the other small nations what they can accomplish with hard work and team spirit. ” Latvia The Danish bid competes against another bid from one of the smaller nations . But Latvia with its fans joining their national team all over the world brings huge passion to the international stage . The Baltic nation of roughly two million people had the chance to host the World Championship once , in 2006 , with two venues in its capital of Riga . That 's where the Latvian Ice Hockey Federation would like to stage the event again in 2018 : in the city of 643,600 , currently the European Capital of Culture , with over a million people living in the region . Arena Riga , the main venue of the 2006 IIHF World Championship , will offer a capacity of 10,300 seats . Since being constructed for the Worlds , the venue not far from the city centre in the west also hosted smaller IIHF events , two Final Olympic Qualification tournaments and it became home to Dinamo Riga , Latvia 's entry in the Russian-based Kontinental Hockey League . Latvia also hopes for more prominent hockey legacy . A new 8,000-seat arena not far from the city centre and the airport will be financed by the Latvian state and the Riga municipality and be built by December 2016 . A feasibility study is under development . It will be located on the other side of River Daugava in the University Campus and shall be part of a new sporting area . Additionally , new practice facilities will be built near each of the venues and three other small ice rinks already exist . Like in 2006 Latvia promises a fan-friendly event with ticket prices starting at five euros and fan zones at the arenas , downtown at the Congress Hall and in the picturesque old-town district . “ We proved in 2006 that we can host the World Championship . The organization was great then and we gained great experience . With the experience we have , it will be even much better organized in 2018 , ” said Kirovs Lipmans , the President of the Latvian Ice Hockey Federation . “ Latvia is a small country with about two million people and almost two million people are ice hockey fans because it 's our national sport . We had about 11,000 fans from Latvia coming here to Belarus . People are so excited about our game here . It is very important for us to host . Latvia has never disappointed the hockey family. ” Latvia played in four top-level World Championships in the ‘ 30s before being cut off during the Soviet era . After restoring independence , the Latvian national team earned its way up to the top division where it has played since 1997 in addition to four straight Olympic participations . The World Championship would also be part of the 100-year anniversary of Latvia 's foundation as an independent country .
Back to Overview
The New York Independence Party has nominated Gary Johnson for President . This is a surprise , because the leaders of the Independence Party have in the past been very friendly with Donald Trump . The Independence Party sent out a press release on September 9 announcing its choice .
This means that Johnson will be on the ballot twice in New York state . His line on the Independence Party will be sixth on the ballot . His name on the Libertarian line will be ninth on the ballot .
When the Federal Election Commission looks at the election returns to see if Gary Johnson got 5 % of the vote , which would make his campaign eligible for general election funding in December 2016 , the FEC will count his votes on the Independence line as well as on the Libertarian line .
Other parties in New York that have made presidential nominations so far are the Conservative Party , which has nominated Donald Trump ; and the Working Families Party , which has nominated Hillary Clinton . The Reform Party is expected to nominate Donald Trump , but it has not yet sent in its paperwork . Also the final paperwork for the Women 's Equality Party is not in yet . Two preliminary filings for the Women 's Equality Party are in conflict . One nominates Lynn Kahn and the other nominates Hillary Clinton .
Illustration by Stephen Jeffrey
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
SEVEN years ago , one of the attractions at the now-defunct Millennium Dome in London was what looked like a remarkably detailed video of a beating human heart . People could admire the heart 's delicate tracery of blood vessels with the muscle stripped away and hear a display of its electrical activity that would not have disgraced a disco . The voiceover described it as “ one of the most powerful tools we have in the fight against disease ” , but few of the visitors understood why .
Actually , the beating heart was no simple video . It was , instead , the output of a stupendously complex computer model of a heart , developed over more than 40 years . This model is an example of “ systems biology ” , an approach that represents a significant shift both in the way biologists think about their field and in how they go about investigating it .
A central tenet of most scientific endeavour is the notion of reductionism—the idea that things can best be understood by reducing them to their smallest components . This turns out to be immensely useful in physics and chemistry , because the smallest components coming from a particle accelerator or a test tube behave individually in predictable ways .
In biology , though , the idea has its limits . The Human Genome Project , for example , was a triumph of reductionism . But merely listing genes does not explain how they collaborate to build and run an organism . Nor do isolated cells or biological molecules give full insight into the causes and development of diseases that ravage whole organs or organisms . A complete understanding of biological processes means putting the bits back together again—and that is what systems biologists are trying to do , by using the results of a zillion analytical experiments to build software models that behave like parts of living organisms .
You ca n't beat the system
The pharmaceutical industry stands to gain much from this approach . Around 40 % of the compounds that drug companies test cause arrhythmia , a disturbance to the normal heart rate . Drugs such as the anti-inflammatory medicine Vioxx and the diabetes treatment Avandia have been linked with an increased risk of heart disease . The result is that billions have been wiped off their makers ' share prices .
Not surprisingly , the pharmaceutical industry has sought out Denis Noble of Oxford University , the creator of the beating-heart model , to help . Dr Noble is now part of a consortium involving four drug firms—Roche , Novartis , GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca—that is trying to unravel how new drugs may affect the heart . Virtual drugs are introduced into the model and researchers monitor the changes they cause just as if the medicines were being applied to a real heart . The production of some proteins increases while others are throttled back ; these changes affect the flow of blood and electrical activity . The drugs can then be tweaked in order to boost the beneficial effects and reduce the harmful ones .
Systems biology thus speeds up the drug-testing process . Malcolm Young is the head of a firm called e-Therapeutics , which is based in Newcastle upon Tyne . Using databases of tens of thousands of interactions between the components of a cell , his company claims to have developed the world 's fastest drug-profiling system . In contrast to the two years it takes to assess the effects of a new compound using conventional research methods , Dr Young 's approach takes an average of just two weeks . Moreover , the company has been looking at drugs known to have damaging side effects and has found that its method would have predicted them .
Testing for reactions in this way could also offer a more rigorous route to assessing alternative therapies , such as herbs and clinical nutrition ( which seeks to control disease through the use of particular foodstuffs ) . These remedies are often dismissed as unscientific because they have a multitude of effects on the body that are hard to quantify . Studying multiple effects , however , is precisely what models like the virtual heart are able to do .
Nor need such models be confined to people . In biological terms , mice are better understood than men , and a team in the Netherlands is using a computer model of mouse physiology to investigate the effects of a high-fat diet , by monitoring the concentration of various components of the blood . The team , from a firm called SU BioMedicine , which is based in Zeist , found that the active ingredients of a particular concoction of Chinese herbal medicines have the same effect on blood composition as the anti-obesity drug Rimonabant . The hope is that systems-biology studies like these will eventually trace out the pathways the herbs are affecting .
Such models may also help to pin down the causes of diseases that arise from the interplay of genetic and environmental factors . Andrew Ahn of Harvard Medical School cites the example of diabetes , for which the standard clinical test is a measure of the level of glucose in the blood . But that is a single snapshot in time . Dr Ahn suggests that the way toward a fuller understanding of diabetes is to track glucose levels against other factors such as diet , sleeping habits and psychological health . He proposes to employ a systems-biology model to do so .
Ultimately , the aim is to build an entire virtual human for researchers to play with . But reductionism is still needed to get there . Human bodies are made of cells , and the best way to build a model body might be to construct a general-purpose virtual cell that can be reprogrammed into being any one of the 220 or so specialised sorts of cell of which the human body is composed . That , after all , is how real bodies develop . And a collaboration organised by the European Science Foundation is hoping to do just this , through what it calls the Blue Cell project .
Keeping track of the data needed to carry out systems biology on this scale will be a Herculean task , and may turn out to be the driver of future developments at the heavy-number-crunching end of the computer industry . Dr Noble is in negotiations with Fujitsu , a Japanese computer firm that is developing a machine capable of performing some ten thousand trillion calculations a second . That would make it the world 's fastest computer , but it comes with a price tag to match—about a billion dollars . This is a little more than the $ 6m paid for that fictional bionic man , Steve Austin , even allowing for inflation . But it is only about a quarter of what the Human Genome Project cost . And this time , it might produce some answers that prove immediately useful .
People Turn to Fundraising Sites to Help Pay for Hospital Expenses
Multiple accounts have been set up on the fundraising site Indiegogo.com to help defray medical bills .
Get a compelling long read and must-have lifestyle tips in your inbox every Sunday morning — great with coffee !
Less than 24-hours after two explosions set off along the Boston Marathon route injured more than 170 people , supporters turned to fundraising websites to collect money to go towards helping those impacted by the tragic event .
On Indiegogo.com , Bogdan Rau , member of a group called “ San Diego & Friends United for Boston , ” started a page from across the country . “ Like most other Americans , on Monday I was glued to the TV [ and ] Internet to get updates from Boston . While Facebook and Twitter were overflowing with thoughts and prayers , I quickly realized that there were ways that we can go beyond that ! I started a fundraising campaign on Indiegogo with two targets . ”
First , he hopes to put $ 2,500 of the funds collected towards the Red Cross . An additional $ 2,500 , if raised , will be used to help an unidentified victim who lost both of his legs , with medical expenses . “ While we are currently working to find the identity of this individual , our fundraising campaign is already underway to help defray the cost of care , ” says Rau .
In Lowell , resident Alyssa Carter started a fundraising effort online for two friends hurt “ badly ” in the blast . One of the victims had to have both legs amputated , she said . “ There is a long road—physically and emotionally—for them and we 're hoping to relieve some of the financial burden by raising funds in their name . Please help spread the word and donate if you can , ” according to Carter .
By 6 p.m. on Tuesday , Carter 's fundraising page had received more than $ 60,000 , to go towards medical expenses for her friends . “ You are all incredible . We are in complete and utter awe of everyone 's generosity . Your support will make such a difference in their lives . Thank you again and again , ” she wrote .
A man by the name of Matthew Reck setup a fundraising account to help provide money to victims who lost limbs in the explosions , by paying for prosthetics . “ What is there to say , we still do n't know who did this yet and we might not know , what is important right now is getting help to the victims , posting on Facebook and saying our thoughts and prayers are with those people is n't going to do much , ” he wrote on the fundraising page . “ What you can do is donate money for the victims to receive prosthetic limbs , most likely legs , because not all insurance company 's will covers such things . ”
The cost of some prosthetic legs is expensive , says Reck . “ If we can at least get two base model legs , that 's two or one people that will be able to walk again . So reach deep and donate , lets get these people back up on their feet , ” he wrote .
Other people from out of state that are showing support for the city during this tragic time have offered to send rubber wristbands with “ love for Boston ” when they donate to their personal projects .
A Boston-area t-shirt printer is also selling clothing that says “ Never Forget 2013 Boston Marathon , ” for $ 15 .
Dozens of other accounts have been created , spanning from as far as Germany , but the legitimacy of those campaigns has not been confirmed at this time . Donators should be wary of where they send monetary donations , as multiple accounts crop up following Monday 's attack in Boston .
Boston Magazine reached out to officials from Indiegogo.com to find out how they can verify whether or not the money is going to a designated effort as specified in a campaign . Carrie Forman , a public relations associate for the company , said the website offers an accessible way to raise funds in times of need , even before insurance and government subsidies are able to give aid .
“ Due to its social and democratic nature , crowdfunding is inherently an excellent deterrent to anyone who seeks to take advantage of the system because it 's up to the crowd to determine whether a campaign is legitimate . That being said , Indiegogo takes trust very seriously so we 've built an algorithm that allows us to flag potentially fraudulent campaigns , not unlike the systems that credit card companies use to detect unauthorized purchases , ” she said .
Forman referenced the success of several past campaigns that helped raise hundreds of thousands of dollars for victims and their families effected by both Hurricane Sandy , and the shooting tragedy in Aurora , Colorado .
Seven people from a ministry of environment team documenting illegal forest fires were taken hostage and threatened , ministry says
Up to 100 Indonesian men , believed to have been hired by a palm oil firm , took a team of official environmental investigators hostage on Friday and threatened to burn them alive , Indonesia 's environment ministry has said .
The government team of seven were documenting illegal forest fires , which are often set ablaze deliberately by agriculture firms to clear land for replanting during the dry season .
The ministry of environment and forestry said its team was held overnight until Saturday morning when negotiations with police and local officials led to their release . During their detention , the investigators were told they would be killed and dumped in a river , the ministry added .
It said there were “ strong indications ” that their captors were mobilised by Andika Permata Sawit Lestari ( APSL ) , a palm oil firm operating in Riau province , along the Strait of Malacca .
“ With this incident , the investigation of [ APSL ] will become our top priority , ” the environment minister , Siti Nurbaya , said in a statement .
“ The environment ministry will investigate this and take strict action in accordance with the law , ” she added .
The Guardian was not immediately able to contact the company . But the Jakarta Post reported that APSL denied defying the ministry , blaming the incident on local farmers who were offended by the investigators . “ We are mentioned every time something happens on the local farmers ' lands . We do n't facilitate the local farmers . We are not in the position to defy the ministry , ” a spokesperson said .
“ The local farmers had spoken to the media . It was not a hostage situation . It was their own spontaneity because they felt they were not respected . ”
Every year , fires destroy wildlife and the acrid smoke from illegal burns across Indonesia fills the sky , causing deadly respiratory issues across the region .
Indonesia forest fires : how the year 's worst environmental disaster unfolded - interactive Read more
Home to the world 's third-largest area of tropical forests , Indonesia is also the world 's fifth-largest emitter of the greenhouse gases , largely due to deforestation and burning .
Some of the fires are seasonal with trees burning naturally towards of end the dry season . But most of the smoke is caused by illegal slash and burn practices , where land is set on fire as a cheap way to clear it for farming . In particular , peat soil is burned to make the ground ready for palms .
The country has vowed to crack down on the fires and regularly engages in diplomatic spats with neighbouring Malaysia and Singapore , where the smoke causes schools in both countries closed due to the low air quality .
The issue is so severe that south-east Asian countries set up an intergovernmental agreement . Since its inception in 2002 , the haze has continued annually .
President Joko Widodo in April said he would impose a moratorium on expanding palm oil plantations , which produce oil for products such a soap and chocolate , part of the country 's efforts to reduce the impact on the environment .
Under Indonesian law , management of companies allowing illegal fires can face up to 10 years in jail . But the country 's huge size and the local clout of powerful agribusiness firms make it difficult to police companies engaged in slash and burn techniques .
Korean palm oil firm accused of illegal forest burning in Indonesia Read more
Before they were let go , the team held on Friday agreed with their captors to erase photos on their camera , the ministry statement said . The team had found that more than 2,000 hectares ( 4,942 acres ) of forest had been burned by workers of the company , it added .
The statement said that the investigators were still able to use drone footage , which it said showed thousands of hectares of forest had been burned illegally .
“ As far as the eye can see , an area that was once peatland has been converted into oil palm plantation , ” Nurbaya said .
Reuters and AP contributed to this report
When Metro Exodus was unveiled at E3 , it looked very much like a mix of the previous Metro games and Stalker , particularly when we got a look at Artyom 's large map . It suggested an open-world affair . That 's not quite what it is , however .
“ First and foremost we 're not moving away from the classic linear Metro gameplay , ” executive producer Jon Bloch told PCGamesN . “ We still have that , but what what we 're doing with this new gameplay is more like sandbox survival . ”
So , like Stalker , there are still these large areas to explore , but it 's less aimless .
“ There are large levels that offer a lot more freedom , they 're non-linear , but we will have a story wrapped into them , ” Bloch explained . “ So the story will carry through across the non-linear and linear levels . ”
I 'm glad they 're not doing away with what was one of Metro 's greatest strengths . The linearity allowed the developers to create a lot more tension and terrifying encounters , and the chaos of a completely open world where you can go anywhere and do anything whenever you want does n't really fit with that comfortably .
Metro Exodus is due out in 2018 .
Dr Mark McNaught , Assistant Professor of Law , Philosophy , and US Civilization at the University of Rennes , says Scotland should do democracy its own way
TO THE extent that it ever existed , the frantic convulsions of the Westminster system in the wake of the Brexit vote have definitively extinguished any legitimacy of the UK in Scotland .
Only time will tell if any can be restored to what will be left of the UK , after the constitutional writhing has subsided and we begin to see what will emerge in its wake .
The UK , as presently constituted , has been living on borrowed time at least since the Thatcher era , held together largely by corporate fascism . The fact that Theresa May shall become prime minister , without a single popular vote , puts to rest any notion that the UK is a democracy .
The stark reality is , the UK has never been a true democracy . The 'legitimacy ' of the UK state is based on parliamentary supremacy of the Crown and Parliament , not popular sovereignty .
The stark reality is , the UK has never been a true democracy . The 'legitimacy ' of the UK state is based on parliamentary supremacy of the Crown and Parliament , not popular sovereignty .
The monarchy as head of state is , of course , hereditary , whose `` legitimacy '' is still based on the delusional crock of divine right , feebly maintained by overwrought pageantry and a vapid cult of personality . Those living in the UK are still subjects of the monarch , not full and true citizens able to meaningfully participate in political affairs .
The House of Lords has zero democratic legitimacy , and should have been abolished centuries ago . It is a decrepit , feudal institution that only serves to hard wire aristocratic privilege and corruption into the UK political system . The UK still has 'Dukes ' , 'Viscounts ' and 'Barons ' with power and entrenched privilege . Why ?
While arguably the most democratic institution within the triumvirate , the House of Commons with the first-past-the-post system , corrupt campaign finance system and low voter turnout can not be considered authentically democratic .
Given that MPs are not legally required to reside in or even have visited the constituencies they are elected to , it is not a representative democracy in any meaningful sense .
After the events of this week , during which a prime minister no one voted for will take office after a rightwing coup engineered , in my view , by multinational corporations and a sickeningly vicious and corrupt UK press , any vestige of legitimacy has been definitively extinguished .
The monarchy as head of state is , of course , hereditary , whose `` legitimacy '' is still based on the delusional crock of divine right , feebly maintained by overwrought pageantry and a vapid cult of personality .
At the same time , the corporate warmongering Blairite wing of the 'Labour ' party is trying to eliminate Jeremy Corbyn and replace him with Angela Eagle , who does not believe that war criminal Tony Blair should suffer any consequences in the wake of the Chilcot Report because he has already `` been through the mill '' . I 'll leave it to you to ponder how much he has suffered relative to the incalculable damage the Iraq war unleashed .
On Brexit , the most disturbing question regarding the motives is : what exactly could the Tory government not do while in the EU that it will be free to do upon withdrawal ?
Will it no longer be bound by the European Convention on Human Rights ? Will it abolish all workers rights ? Revoke gay marriage ? Frack the UK ? Rig or even abolish the electoral system for permanent Tory/corporate rule ? All is possible .
Scotland now has zero interest in remaining in the UK , and doing so becomes increasingly perilous by the day . How much longer will Scots wish to remain within the UK , with a PM who has stated her intention to pull the entirety of the UK from the EU , and desire to withdraw from the ECHR ?
Will anything be safe from privatisation , including the entire police and judicial system ? In what form will democracy exist in the UK in 10 years time , if at all , if Westminster is no longer bound by any EU conventions ?
The House of Lords has zero democratic legitimacy , and should have been abolished centuries ago . It is a decrepit , feudal institution that only serves to hard wire aristocratic privilege and corruption into the UK political system .
Only time will answer these questions , but Scotland should not stay in the UK long enough to find out . The coronation of Theresa May as prime minister without a singular popular vote , coupled with her stated aim of dragging Scotland out of the EU against her will , thoroughly obliterates any democratic legitimacy Westminster ever had .
However , given Scotland 's status to Westminster as a parking lot for nuclear weapons and a source of billions of pounds in oil revenue , do n't expect it to let Scotland go easily .
On the other hand , despite Mariano Rajoy 's objections , there is tremendous good will in Europe for Scotland 's position , and they will find a way to keep Scotland in the EU as rUK leaves .
Then , Scots can finally construct a true democratic Scottish republic , whose legitimacy is based uniquely on popular sovereignty : feudal aristocratic privilege extinguished by law , finally worthy of its people .
Picture courtesy of UK Parliament
Joshua Freeman , CP24.com
A small stretch of Queen Street will be shut down tonight as Hudson 's Bay unveils its holiday windows at the Eaton Centre .
The HBC window reveal is expected to feature fireworks , as well as a performance by singer Mariah Carey , whose 1994 Christmas recordings have become ubiquitous during the holiday season .
Queen Street will be closed between Yonge and Bay streets from 5:30 to 8 p.m. to accommodate the event .
During the closure , 501 Queen streetcars will be diverting both ways along Shaw , King and Church streets .
The TTC says that 501 and 503 shuttle buses running along the route due to an existing diversion will be diverting as well .
Eastbound buses will travel east on King Street , south on Strachan Avenue , west on Douro Street , north on Shaw Street , east on Queen Street , south on University Avenue , west on Adelaide Street , north on Church Street , east on Queen Street to Jarvis Street .
Westbound buses will run south on Jarvis Street , west on King Street , north on York Street , west on Queen Street and south on Shaw Street .
Presto card readers may not be available on those buses , the TTC says .
Two years after building a 1:1 scale version of Japanese R/C model manufacturer Tamiya 's iconic and unbelievably cool 1979 `` Sand Scorcher '' Volkswagen Beetle , German tuning company `` The Bug Box '' has brought another of the company 's famous models to life in full size .
This time the vehicle in question is their `` Wild Willy '' . The `` Wild Willy '' was introduced in original 1:10th scale back in 1982 . Thanks to the models low mounted rear engine , short wheelbase and plastic body it was an extremely capable wheelie machine . Like most vintage Tamiya models , mint examples can bring serious money—if you can find one .
Finding a full size version of the `` Wild Willy '' was n't an option , so the German company built one . We 'd say seeing an iconic R/C car brought to life is just as cool the second time around . Like the full size `` Sand Scorcher '' this 1:1 scale model is true to the form of the model down to almost every little detail . That includes the also to scale Acoms radio control shown in these pictures .
Advertisement
It certainly looks like the full sized version lives up to the `` dynamic and versatile stunt vehicle '' description attached to the original R/C model . Thanks to a rear mounted Volkswagen engine the `` Wild Willys '' appears to have no problem doing the wheelies that made the original smaller version so popular .
Although we 're admittedly partial to the `` Sand Scorcher '' , spending time popping wheelies in the 1:1 `` Wild Willy '' would still certainly be our kind of full scale fun .
Advertisement
Hat tip to Francesco !
[ HobbyMedia.it ]
Electro-fying ! Jamie Foxx is pictured as the Amazing Spider-Man villain for the first time ... complete with creepy make up
Ever since Jamie Foxx was cast as Maxwell Dillon , better known to comic-book fans as Electro , in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 , fans have been slavering for a look at him in his villainous makeup .
That wait is now over , as Jamie was spotted in Times Square on Monday wearing a full face of make up and creepy contact lens .
It was quite the distracting look , and gives us a sense that Electro will be a compelling villain .
Sinister : Jamie Foxx was spotted on the set of The Amazing Spider-Man 2 in Times Square wearing his full Electro make up
While Jamie 's make-up was frightening enough , when the director yelled 'Action ! ' he was truly transformed .
A string of LED lights lined the interior of Jamie 's dark hood and his face eerily glowed blue when they were switched on . The opalescent blue face paint was paired with contact lenses that turned the area around Jamie 's dark pupils electric blue and cosmetically applied bulging neck veins menacingly slithered up onto his face .
The comic book version of Electro has been yellow and green but the new version certainly gives the character a futuristic look .
Let there be light : Jamie looked far more sinister when the lights on his costume were switched on
That 's different : The comic book version of Electro has been yellow and green but the new version certainly gives the character a futuristic look
On Monday night , it appeared the star was shooting one of his first scenes as he stumbled , apparently ill , through the streets of New York .
In the comic the villain Electro is born after Dillon , an electrical engineer , finds himself gifted the ability to control electricity after being struck by lightning while working on a power line .
While his appearance may be different , Jamie has said he wanted to keep the character close to the original as the actor has been a big fan of Spider-Man .
Set in motion : On Monday night , it appeared the star was shooting one of his first scenes as he stumbled through the streets of New York after being hit by lightening , which triggers his evil powers
The before and after : The actor 's make-up was certainly impressive even without the glowing lights
' I 'm going to keep it close to the chest but I followed the Spider-Man comic books , ' said Jamie of his take on the character .
'And I would watch the television show growing up . It 's a blessing . '
'It 's incredible , ' he said . 'Especially for my little daughter , who is there for the make-up tests and everything . It 's another testament to Quentin Tarantino because without Django , I would n't be doing Spider-Man . '
Directed by Mark Webb and co-starring Andrew Garfield , Emma Stone and Dane DeHaan , The Amazing Spider-Man 2 will open in the UK on 18 April 2014 .
Villainous : Foxx looked quite the villain in his blue make up
Nemesis : You would n't want to bump into him on a dark night
Foxx appeared at the MTV Movie Awards on Sunday night wearing a T-shirt in honor of teenager Trayvon Martin and the Sandy Hook victims .
The actor posed on the red carpet in the T-shirt with a picture of the 17-year-old 's face and many of those who died in the Newtown massacre with the words 'Know Justice , Know Peace ' .
Trayvon was shot dead by Neighborhood Watch volunteer George Zimmerman in Sanford , Florida last February .
Statement : Actors Samuel L. Jackson ( left ) and Jamie Foxx , wearing a T-shirt in tribute to Trayvon Martin and the Sandy Hook victims , accept an award at the 2013 MTV Movie Awards
Reflection : Foxx wore the T-shirt bearing the images of the Sandy Hook victims and Trayvon Martin on Sunday evening to the awards show
VIDEO Jamie Foxx wears tribute t-shirt when he picks up his award
Zimmerman claims he shot Trayvon in self-defense after he saw the 17-year-old acting suspiciously in the neighborhood .
On December 14 , 2012 , 20 children and six teaching staff were shot dead at the Connecticut elementary school .
Foxx walked the red carpet in Los Angeles on Sunday night with his 17-year-old daughter Corrine and Django Unchained co-star Kerry Washington .
The actor and musician told MTV hosts Josh Horowitz and Karlie Kloss that he did not intend to make a political statement with the shirt but added : ' We 're just thinking about the children ... we 're just protecting our kids . '
Along with Samuel L. Jackson , Foxx later picked up the award for Best WTF Moment for the scene where they burn down the evil Candieland plantation in Quentin Tarantino 's slavery-themed Django Unchained .
Publicity : Foxx wears a T-shirt in honor of the Florida teenager , who was shot dead last year , on the red carpet with his daughter Corinne ( center ) and co-star Kerry Washington
The Oilers captain is n't getting thrashed as bad as Alex Ovechkin , but Crosby has a way of proving he is still one of the best of all-time
In our annual Yearbook , we rated Edmonton 's Connor McDavid as the No . 1 player in the league for 2017-18 , the first time he has earned the distinction . That ranking came at the expense of Pittsburgh 's Sidney Crosby , who naturally had to slide down to the second spot .
It was a tough decision . Crosby , after all , had just piloted the Penguins to their second-straight Stanley Cup title , despite key injuries to starting goalie Matt Murray and top defenseman Kris Letang ( the latter did n't come back at all for the post-season ) .
But McDavid was the reigning Hart Trophy winner and had looked pretty good himself in the playoffs , even if the Oilers were stopped in the second round by a more experienced Anaheim team . There was also the fact that McDavid does n't turn 21 until January , while Crosby is now 30 . Everything we knew about today 's game suggests that players are hitting their primes very early and McDavid was the perfect example .
McDavid , quite publicly , disagreed with our ranking . He thought Crosby was still the best and it 's hard to blame the young Edmonton captain based off personal experience .
On Wednesday night , Crosby extended his unbeaten streak over McDavid to four NHL games . In this particular matchup , their lines both produced a goal in head-to-head play . But Crosby caved McDavid in when it came to possession , at nearly 60 percent , according to naturalstattrick.com . When McDavid got away from No . 87 , he was at 50 percent on the night – but no Penguins forward saw McDavid more than Crosby did .
Which got me thinking : How much does Crosby crave these head-to-head challenges ? At age 30 , he 's already a first-ballot Hall of Famer and a top-10 player all-time , maybe even top-five , depending on your criteria . He has won everything you could win as a professional , from three Cups to two Olympic golds , a World Championship and the World Cup of Hockey .
I would propose that , along with more Stanley Cups , he loves taking on any challengers to his individual throne . McDavid may well be the new Alex Ovechkin – and you can tell that Crosby is hawk-focused when he 's on the ice with McDavid .
For McDavid 's sake , I hope the rivalry is more friendly and not as one-sided . With all apologies to Washington fans that may get triggered by this , let 's quickly sum up what Crosby has done against Ovechkin since the great Capitals sniper took the Calder Trophy over Sid in 2006 : Pittsburgh has eliminated Washington from the playoffs all three times during the Sid-Ovie era , no matter which team was originally favored . The Pens went on to win the Cup every time , while the Caps have never won it . Ovechkin 's Russians have n't medalled at all in the two Olympics where Crosby won gold with Canada and Crosby joined the Triple Gold Club by helping Canada thrash Ovie 's Russians 6-1 in the 2015 World Championship final . Canada also knocked Russia out of the World Cup in the semifinal .
Now , McDavid-Crosby ca n't possibly be as bad , because McDavid is also Canadian and the Penguins and Oilers play in different conferences . If they meet in the Cup final ? You never know what state the lineups are in health-wise by then ; anything could happen .
But I am now utterly fascinated by how this matchup will play out . As I said before , Crosby is already 30 , but superstars like him do n't age the way normal NHLers do . Heck , Mario Lemieux had a 91-point season for the Penguins during the Dead Puck Era and he was 36 at the time ( and he only played 67 games , to boot ) .
McDavid , as scary as it might seem to other teams , is still getting better and though his Oilers look like dogs right now , he still has a great running mate in Leon Draisaitl .
Edmonton will have to turn around the aircraft carrier if the Oilers want to get into the playoffs this year , but assuming they do – could we see Sid and the New Kid in the final ? I would n't turn the TV off .
Earlier this week , Apple unveiled over 100 new emojis , including more women in professional roles and single parent families . Still , when it comes to parenting emojis , even these new offerings do n't fully cover the child-rearing experience .
That 's why Sarah Robinson , Hannah Hudson and Natalie Ralston created EmojiMom ― a new iOS keyboard for pregnant women and moms . The keyboard features 250 parenting-themed emojis like an ultrasound image , mesh underwear , a potty-training baby and a mom pumping in a bathroom stall .
EmojiMom EmojiMom is a new iOS keyboard designed by a group of three moms .
Robinson told The Huffington Post that the three moms came up with the idea for EmojiMom last year after some of their less glamorous parenting moments .
“ One day , I was getting ready for work ― one of my first days back after maternity leave ― and my baby peed all over my work outfit , ” she recalled . “ It was such a hilarious , frustrating , it-figures , okay-I-might-break-down-and-cry kind of moment . I texted Hannah and Natalie about it ( as I did constantly in the early days of motherhood ) , and we all said , ‘ Seriously , there ought to be an emoji for this feeling ! ' ”
As the new moms continued experiencing the highs and lows of parenting , they kept having the same thought . “ So , we decided to make the emoji we were missing , ” Robinson said .
As full-time working moms with young babies , the three EmojiMom founders needed some time to bring their vision to life , but with the help of a dedicated developer and illustrator , they officially released the app on July 30 ― nearly 12 months after conceiving the idea .
EmojiMom has been out for less than a week , but the moms say they 're already getting glowing reviews . “ We have had people tell us that EmojiMom represents their reality better than any other emoji they have seen , ” Robinson said .
While the original goal was to make parents laugh , Robinson added that the founders want pregnant women and new moms to feel understood .
“ There is so much about having a baby that can be really isolating , partly because much of the hard parts of motherhood ( the mesh underwear phase comes to mind ) is still taboo , ” she explained .
EmojiMom “ We have had people tell us that EmojiMom represents their reality better than any other emoji they have seen . ”
“ We want to help pregnant women and moms connect with one another about that stuff , ” she continued . “ After all , when you 're a new mom , texting is more than just fun ― it 's often your lifeline . ”
Robinson , Hudson and Ralston also aim to show the real , uncensored side of motherhood ― the good , the bad and the ugly .
“ That is why we have mom-nursing-with-lovey-dovey-face and exhausted stressed-out mom with spit-up in her hair , ” Robinson said . “ We have beatific pregnant mom and pregnant mom with lightning crotch . We have mom after giving birth looking relaxed and happy with champagne , and we have the peri bottle and the mesh underwear . Because that 's what motherhood is ― it 's all those things . ”
EmojiMom `` We have mom after giving birth looking relaxed and happy with champagne , and we have the peri bottle and the mesh underwear . Because that 's what motherhood is ― it 's all those things . ”
Though the app is called EmojiMom , the creators plan to add more dad-themed emojis and hope that fathers can relate to the ones that already exist on the keyboard ― like the dad lying skin-to-skin with his baby , the dad feeding his baby a bottle and the “ exhausted-zombie-dad . ”
“ We absolutely believe that this parenting game is no joke for moms or dads , ” said Robinson . “ Moms were just a natural market to start with , given it 's true that women send more emoji than men . Plus , pregnancy and child birth from a mom 's point of view gave us more than enough emoji to start with . ”
“ We had to cut ourselves off at 250 , ” she added . “ But we have so many more ideas . ”
Keep scrolling to see more parenting-themed emojis , and visit the EmojiMom Facebook and iTunes App store page for more information .
EmojiMom
EmojiMom
EmojiMom
Disquiet and the Wasteland : Everything and Everyone Hates You [ Promethean : The Created ]
Open Development , Promethean : The Created
Every Promethean burns with an inner fire so intense , it scorches the land around them . It makes people uncomfortable , even if they ca n't figure out why . The Divine Fire , the energy that ultimately allows the alchemy of the Great Work , also sets Prometheans apart from the world they want to join .
In 2nd Edition , we 're moving away from Disquiet and the Wasteland being products of the Prometheans being “ things that should not be. ” Part of that is because the semantics always bugged me ; who says they should n't be ? They 're here , so there 's really no “ should ” about it , and I 'm not into punishing characters on a moral level for their very existence , thanks . Instead , the reasons for the Wasteland and for Disquiet have more to do with the world not being able to handle the intensity of the Divine Fire . It burns too hot , and people sense that during interactions with the Promethean . They respond with spite , possessiveness , jealousy , or paranoia . The blanket term for these responses is Disquiet .
Likewise , Prometheans have to be careful how they interact with the world around them . If they let too much of their inner Fire out at once , they can scorch the land , beginning an inexorable process of creating a Wasteland . As Wastelands grow more extreme , it can cause weird elemental effects – thunderstorms rage , water thickens and sours , the veil between spirit and flesh grows thin . It depends on the humours of the Promethean in question ( which also means that Prometheans of the same Lineage , sharing as they do the same humours , can make the effect worse ) .
Disquiet , by itself , does n't progress beyond a certain point . People feel suspicious , fascinated , or just disdainful with regards to the Promethean , and might go out of their way to cause minor inconveniences , but it does n't rise to the level of physical violence . Within a Wasteland , though , Disquiet festers . The human mind responds not only to the intensity of the Divine Fire within the Promethean , but to the changes she is wreaking on the environment . Left unchecked , Disquiet becomes contagious , and ends with the victims trying to purge the corrosive element from their midst ( this is colloquially known as the “ torches and pitchforks ” stage of Disquiet ) .
So what causes a Wasteland ? Prometheans do n't cause them just by existing ; the Divine Fire is n't that intense . But the following actions or events can start or worsen the process . Once a Wasteland has begun , the only way to reverse it to remove the Divine Fire ( i.e. , the Promethean ) from the area .
A single Promethean spends a great deal of Pyros in a scene . The amount required depends on the Promethean 's Azoth dots . Greater Azoth burns brighter and hotter than the Pyros of a less potent Created . The amount required is ( 11 – Azoth ) . The most powerful Prometheans cause a Wasteland with even the slightest usage of Pyros .
Prometheans can return to life when destroyed ( once ) . This causes an enormous rush of Pyros , not dissimilar to a new Promethean 's creation .
When a greater qashmal manifests , a Wasteland can occur .
When a character attempts to create a Promethean — successful or not — the coalescence of Pyros that accompanies the practice creates or exacerbates Wastelands .
When a Promethean attains a universal milestone , the influx of Pyros can cause Wasteland .
If a Promethean goes too long without a Refinement shift , or without a milestone , the buildup of excess Pyros can taint the area around her . At lower levels of Azoth ( 1-2 ) , this occurs after six months in an area . At mid levels ( 3-5 ) , this occurs after a single month . At higher levels ( 6-7 ) , only a week must pass . The greatest Created ( 8-10 ) must evolve quickly — indeed , daily — move along , or cause a Wasteland .
When Pandorans awake , they can shake an area into a Wasteland . When Pandorans whose Ranks total 4 or more awaken in a single scene , they create a Wasteland .
Any suitably dramatic event culminating in a massive influx of Pyros can spawn or grow a Wasteland , at Storyteller discretion .
What do these effects look like ? Again , it depends on Lineage . Let 's take a few examples .
A Frankenstein , whose humour is yellow bile , finds that his presence instills a Disquiet of simmering restlessness and anger in the people around him . People become easily agitated and quick to fly off the handle , and while this may initially be directed to anyone in their path , eventually it is always directed back to the Wretched . When he creates a Wasteland , the land and weather seem angry , as storms and lightning bathe the sky , thorny bushes overrun the landscape and animals , including humans , become increasingly aggressive .
An Ulgan , who draws power from ectoplasm , engenders a Disquiet of paranoia and the sense of being hunted . Perhaps this is a valid emotion , triggered by the spirits that a Riven attracts and that invariably attach themselves to the people around him . Regardless of the presence of spirits though , humans always come to see the Promethean as the one that haunts and stalks them . When an Ulgan creates a Wasteland , the mortals ' fears are proven right as the veil between the flesh world and the Twilight thins , calling out to spirits and creating hauntings .
An Unfleshed , enriched by the humour of oil , finds that his Disquiet somehow encourages people to treat him as even less than other Prometheans . Taken for granted , he is seen as hired help at best , or a slave at worst . And woe unto the Manufactured who does not cater to people 's every whim . An Unfleshed Wasteland also sees a sharp dichotomy between dominant and subservient creatures ; a new hierarchy might emerge amongst humans , whilst predatory animals completely wipe out prey and stronger plants overrun weaker ones .
An interaction between perovskites and quantum dots could improve LED and solar technologies ( Nanowerk News ) Researchers in Valencia have studied the interaction of two materials , halide perovskite and quantum dots , revealing enormous potential for the development of advanced LEDs and more efficient solar cells ( Science Advances , `` Tunable light emission by exciplex state formation between hybrid halide perovskite and core/shell quantum dotes : Implications in advanced LEDs and photovoltaics '' ) .
Researchers from the Universitat Jaume I ( James I University , UJI ) and the Universitat de València ( University of Valencia , UV ) have quantified the exciplex state resulting from the coupling of halide perovskites and colloidal quantum dots . Both known separately for their optoelectronic properties , when brought together these materials yield much longer wavelengths than can be achieved by either material alone , plus easy tuning properties that together have the potential to usher in important changes in LED and solar technologies .
Perovskite materials are the rising stars of the photovoltaic industry . They are cheap to produce , simple to manufacture and very , very efficient . Better yet , they are relatively new to the scene and there is still much potential to explore for even more efficient solar cells . They are also used in LED technology . Quantum dots ( QDs ) , for their part , are a family of semiconductor materials with very interesting light-emitting properties , including the ability to tune what wavelengths light is emitted at . They are also very useful in both LEDs and solar cells .
The result of bringing the two materials together is a new exciplex state where light can be emitted at much longer wavelengths , reaching well into the infrared spectrum , while also allowing control over its emission colour via applied voltage . Each material the perovskite , the QDs and the new exciplex state emits light at a different colour , each of which can be weighted within the overall light emission to pick out the desired colour .
This means LEDs can be designed which can emit light over both the visible and infrared spectrums at the same time , which would have applications in the field of telecommunications .
This article is over 3 years old
By 2020 the average temperature rise per decade will be 0.25C in the northern hemisphere , more than double the 900 years preceding the 20th century
Global warming 'set to speed up to rates not seen for 1,000 years '
People need to brace themselves for accelerating climate change that could alter the way we live even over short time scales , scientists have warned .
New evidence suggests the rate at which temperatures are rising in the northern hemisphere could be 0.25C per decade by 2020 - a level not seen for at least 1,000 years .
The analysis , based on a combination of data from more than two dozen climate simulation models from around the world , looked at the rate of change in 40-year long time spans .
Lead scientist Dr Steve Smith , from the US Department of Energy 's Pacific Northwest National Laboratory , said : “ We focused on changes over 40-year periods , which is similar to the lifetime of houses and human-built infrastructure such as buildings and roads .
“ In the near term , we 're going to have to adapt to these changes . ”
Overall , the world is getting warmer due to increasing greenhouse gas emissions that trap the Sun 's heat .
But , given natural climate variability over short times scales , the likely effect of global warming over humanly relevant periods such as the length of a person 's life is not so well understood .
The new study started off by calculating how fast temperatures changed between 1850 and 1930 , a period when the amount of fossil fuel gases collecting in the atmosphere was low .
This was compared with temperature data for the past 2,000 years obtained by studying tree rings , corals and ice cores and predicted 40-year rates of change between 1971 and 2020 .
Over the 900 years preceding the 20th century , 40-year warming trends rarely showed an average rate much higher than 0.1C per decade , the study found .
But by 2020 the rate was expected to have risen to an average of 0.25C per decade , give or take 0.05C .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Average C temperature rise per decade , assuming carbon emissions peak in 2040 and decline afterwards . Photograph : Smith et al/Nature Climate Change
Different scenarios of future emissions showed that even at the lower end of greenhouse gas generation , climate change picked up speed in the next 40 years .
The findings are published in the journal Nature Climate Change .
Dr Smith added : “ In these climate model simulations , the world is just now starting to enter into a new place , where rates of temperature change are consistently larger than historical values over 40-year time spans . We need to better understand what the effects of this will be and how to prepare for them . ”
Sabra Dipping Co. LLC of White Plains , NY , has recalled 30,000 cases of Sabra Classic Hummus due to the possible presence of Listeria monocytogenes . After routine inspections at a Kroger outlet in Port Huron , Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development officials reportedly learned about the risk of contamination in the prepackaged product . The department then informed the company and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) . Only certain lots of the Classic Hummus are being recalled , and no other Sabra products are affected . There are no reported cases of illnesses to date . The recalled products and product codes are : 040822011143/300067 – Sabra Classic , 10 oz . – 3-059/Best before May 11 , 2015 040822011143/300067 – Sabra Classic 10 oz . – 3-060/Best before May 15 , 2015 040822014687/300074 – Sabra Classic , 30 oz . – 3-059/Best before May 11 , 2015 040822342049/301216 – Sabra Classic Without Garnish , 32 oz . – 3-059/Best before May 11 , 2015 040822017497/301290 – Sabra Classic , 17 oz . Six Pack – 3-058/Best before May 11 , 2015 040822017497/301290 – Sabra Classic , 17 oz . Six Pack – 3-059/Best before May 11 , 2015 040822342209/301283 – Hummus Dual Pack Classic/Garlic – 3-058/Best before May 11 , 2015 Consumers are advised to throw out any product with those codes , which are on the top of each package . The recalled products may also be returned to the store where purchased for a refund . Those with questions may call Sabra at 888-957-2272 Monday through Friday . In healthy individuals , infection with Listeria monocytogenes may cause short-term symptoms such as high fever , severe headache , stiffness , nausea , abdominal pain and diarrhea . However , young children , the elderly or those with compromised immune systems can contract serious and sometimes fatal infections . Listeria can also cause miscarriage and stillbirth in pregnant women .
If you 've been reading video game blogs , or viewing their advertisements , it would be pretty hard to miss the fact that Metal Gear Solid 5 : The Phantom Pain comes out on Tuesday . It 's got a few things going for it , coverage-wise . It 's what looks like the last true installment in one of the most beloved franchises in videogames , it comes dogged with various sorts of controversy and , to boot , reviewers have been giving it near-perfect scores . Metal Gear Solid 5 is the game that 's here to kick off the fall release seasons , and it 's doing so with quite a lot of fanfare . But it 's not the only dust-oriented open world action game ! WB and Avalanche 's adaptation of Mad Max is also coming out on Tuesday , but it risks getting completely overshadowed by its competition .
Mad Max also has a highly recognizable brand that 's been on the upswing recently , but video game audiences are about as trusting of movie video games as they are of video game movies . It essentially qualifies it as new IP , at least as far as video games are concerned , and that sort of thing is hard to market on a good day . But Tuesday Sept. 1 is not a good day by any stretch of the imagination .
It 's a shame , because Mad Max actually looks kind of cool : it embraces the idea of an apocalyptic Australia where cars are king , it does n't hew to the plot of the movie ( always a death knell for video game adaptations ) , and from what I 've seen , it 's got some interesting car customization and a good sense of its own style . These sorts of games are impossible to judge until you actually get your hands on them , but I 'd say this one stands a good chance of being a solid first outing . Which , unfortunately , just does n't cut it when you 're up against Metal Gear Solid 5 . Had this game come out last week -- or better yet , last year -- it would have been all we would have been talking about . But as it stands , I 'm afraid it 's going to fall flat .
At the very least , Mad Max has the rest of September to catch up before October arrives and the rest of the season 's heavy hitters start rolling in . But it 's a very stacked release season right now , and I ca n't help but feeling this game would have done better with a winter release . I understand WB wanted to take advantage of the critically acclaimed movie 's buzz , but I do n't think it will be enough to get this game noticed . I 'll be playing it , regardless , so check here for impressions soon .
The first snowfall of the year always comes as a bit of a surprise , especially when it happens in August .
Snow began to fall in Alberta 's Rocky Mountains Friday , as well as in several areas of western and southern Alberta .
The folks at Lake Louise ski resort shared photos as snow fell at the summit :
... while several people in the town of Cadomin , situated in the foothills about 300 kilometres west of Edmonton , shared photos of a light skiff of snow :
Look at this , thanks to Betty-Ann . It was snow at higher elevations in & near the Rockies . # abstorm # Cadomin pic.twitter.com/sCUq8k28lz — Cory Edel ( @ coryedelCTV ) August 21 , 2015
SNOW IN ALBERTA ! ! Here are a few shots from Bob in Cadomin , AB ( ~50km S of Hinton ) from this morning . @ globaledmonton pic.twitter.com/gfXJsR5HLa — Jesse Beyer ( @ jessebeyerWX ) August 21 , 2015
There were even some snowflakes spotted in Calgary :
Temperatures across the province plummeted :
Snow in August .... Thanks Alberta ! # summer # weather # Alberta # doyouwanttobuildasnowman # no A photo posted by Svenja Welk ( @ svenjawelk ) on Aug 21 , 2015 at 1:26pm PDT
A special weather statement was issued for Calgary and areas to the north and east , calling for continued rainfall into Friday evening .
Snow in Alberta today . Tell me again why everyone is jumping ship and moving there ? ? ? — Jamie Luscombe ( @ DaNerdling ) August 21 , 2015
Driving to get away from wildfires on the BC border , but apparently towards snow in Alberta . Actually considering turning back around . — Blisimo ( @ blisimo ) August 21 , 2015
While the end of summer is still a month away , it 's not uncommon for Alberta to see snow in August and early September . Last year , ski hills reported near whiteout conditions the first week of September .
And let 's not forget about SNOWTEMBER .
The good news , however , is that Environment Canada is calling for temperatures to return to seasonal by Sunday — meaning the snow wo n't stay and we still have some summer to cling to .
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
EARLIER ON HUFFPOST :
Something to be aware of when talking about a group is pace . Not pace in terms of how quickly people are talking or how high energy the scene is but the pace of the unusual things . When does the first unusual thing happen , and then how quickly does it heighten ?
There 's no right answer . Some groups are fast — they put an unusual thing in the first line , then a tag-out in the 5th line ; and they 've moved to a new scene inspired by that in the 7th line .
Other groups like to really wait . Set a slow pace . Unusual thing just hinted at , then confirmed , then really confirmed . Heightened maybe once and then edited .
Neither one is better than the other ; it 's just how the group plays .
Also , this “ pace ” is actually separate from the tempo of the scene . A scene can have two high energy characters adding lots of info – but if the funny/unusual part is advanced slowly — well , that 's still a slow scene , improv comedy wise .
Lots of members of groups wish their group played at different paces . It 's hard to DECIDE to play at a different pace than the group naturally falls at .
Here 's where forms can help . A monoscene tends to encourage a slower heightening than a montage where you 're allowed to tag-out . Or a decision to only have two person scenes for the first 3 or 4 scenes can slow down heightening .
Whatever happens , it 's easier to speed up than it is to slow down . Slowing down takes confidence at first and then smart choices later when you want your scenes to actually heighten now that you 've been slow for a while .
Thomas Hagan suffered a gunshot wound in the shooting The only man to have admitted his role in the killing of controversial US black leader Malcolm X has been released from prison on parole . Thomas Hagan , 69 , was released from a New York jail 45 years after the assassination , officials confirmed . Hagan said he was one of three men who shot Malcolm X as he began a speech at Harlem 's Audubon Ballroom in 1965 . But he has insisted that the two men who were convicted with him were not involved . They maintained their innocence and were paroled in the 1980s . Hagan 's release was announced by the New York State Department of Correctional Services on Tuesday . Spokeswoman Linda Foglia said he was scheduled for release on Wednesday but the date was moved forward because the paperwork had been completed . Hagan , who has repeatedly expressed regret for his actions , applied for parole 16 times before a board approved his request last month . He had been allowed to spend five nights a week at his Brooklyn home on a work- release programme for the past 22 years . 'Murdered again ' Hagan 's release from prison was greeted with anger from some . Prof James Small , executive director of the Organisation of Afro-American Unity , said the state of New York had `` murdered Malcolm again '' in releasing Hagan . FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service `` He was caught with weapon in hand having participated in an assassination of one of the greatest African-American leaders we have ever had , '' Prof Small , who knew Malcolm X , told the BBC World Service . Mr James said Hagan should have been executed or jailed for life . But Sylvester Monroe , former senior editor of Ebony magazine , told the BBC that Hagan had admitted guilt and served his time . He said many questions remained unanswered over Malcolm X 's death , including determining else had been involved . `` We still do n't know who put these people up this , '' he said . In the 1960s , Hagan was a member of the militant Nation of Islam movement , in which Malcolm X was a major figure for some time . Malcolm X rose to fame for his firebrand speeches in which he espoused black rights and denounced white people . However , towards the end of his life he appeared to be taking a more conciliatory approach which made him enemies within the Nation of Islam .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We 've all read those articles , “ 50 Ways to Make Your Husband/Wife Happy ” , “ 7 Ways to a Great Marriage ” , “ 11 Ways to Survive Marriage and Not Get Bored to Death ” . We 've had our elders hand us pearls of wisdom ( and unsolicited advice ) , had our peers tell us how being married really is ( “ for realz , bro ” ) , and we 've been to seminars that teach us the fiqh of love while others teach us the fiqh of staying together for the sake of the kids .
So instead of reinventing the marriage wheel , I 'm going to point out some the weaknesses of the “ marriage models ” we all hold dear . Be prepared to get a little uncomfortable ; maybe you 've been struggling all this time to implement them and what I 'm going to tell you will invalidate your efforts . Nothing can invalidate your efforts ; whatever effort you put in has , inshā'Allāh , brought you and your spouse some benefit . Consider my insights instead as a way to keep your marital compass meticulously aligned . Also of note , these models apply to healthy/normal marriages that are not abusive , physically or emotionally . If you feel you are in an abusive situation , it is important to immediately seek professional help and intervention .
Here comes the list .
Marriage Model Number 1
“ I 'll meet your needs and you meet mine ” ( i.e . the Islamic golden hit , “ Rights and Responsibilities of Husbands and Wives ” halaqa/seminar/khutbah ) .
Like this ? Get more of our great articles . Get more of our great articles .
This model has its value for sure . From it we get a shari ' understanding of marriage : who provides what to whom , what behavior encroaches on our spouse 's “ rights ” , what behavior is considered sinful , what we can expect from them , etc . All important information , no doubt . After all , the sharī ‘ ah should be the foundation of our marriages .
Beyond that , this model wants us to understand that our partner is different from us and we have to learn to love them through their “ love language ” i.e . “ meet their needs ” with an understanding of what those needs actually are . We usually really get focused on gender here ; men want sex , women want emotional connection , right ? ( I 'm joking ; both men and women want both of these things ) . This model tells us that we need to meet our spouse 's needs to keep them happy/fulfilled/satisfied ( and married to us LOL ) .
But there are pitfalls . Firstly , centering our marriage on meeting each other 's needs often makes us two very needy people . That 's not very attractive . Often times we end up getting whiny , passive-aggressive , angry , crabby , etc . that our “ needs ” are not being met ; and all we can do is hope to punish this person with our relationship belly-aching until they finally hear loud and clear , “ Hey , you 're doing a lousy job meeting my needs ! ”
When was the last time you felt attracted to someone who did that to you ? When was the last time someone nagged you or yelled at you and you felt like you wanted to connect with them intimately ( emotionally or sexually ) ? Probably never . Yet without realizing it this is how we are “ working ” to get the results we want in our marriages .
Another pitfall in this model is score-keeping . We withhold love/sex/affection/help because we feel like the “ score ” is out of balance . To complicate matters further , each spouse has their own personal scoreboard of the marriage that 's completely left to their own biased umpire-ship . Spouses withhold giving ( or they do it without a lot of annoyed sighing ) when they believe or perceive their spouse is doing too much taking without putting the same effort back in . Here 's an example :
Husband thinking : Did n't I take her out to dinner , and now she 's going to say she 's too tired ? ( husband +1 , wife -1 )
Wife thinking : The evening was lousy because he put it together last-minute even though I reminded him for a week to make a reservation at a nice place . ( wife +1 , husband -1 )
Another mistake we make in the religious crowd with this model is we boil down our marriage to a cookie-cutter-one-size-fits-all theoretical needs-meeting fiqh dilemma . “ Ya shaykh , whose takes precedence in making her happy , my mom or my wife ? ” How many times have we heard this question , and we all know the answer . Many years ago my husband asked Shaykh Yaser Birjas , “ Shaykh , if I have to choose to make one happy , who do I choose , my mom or my wife ? ” The shaykh gave a very wise answer : you have to make both happy ( you wo n't believe how far that advice has gotten my husband today ) .
In other words , we ca n't get hung up on a hard and fast fiqhi answer , because it often ends up with someone being the “ winner ” and someone else is the “ loser. ” Like the shaykh said , we need to create more win-win situations . Our marriages can not be sliced and diced to fit compartmentally into a fatwa . We may be doing the “ right ” thing , but our spouse may be building up resentment that will harm us both later on . We need to be a little more creative and practical .
To sum up , the major issue with this model is that ultimately needs-meeting keeps us “ other ” focused rather than self-focused ; our behavior “ waits ” on our spouse 's and we try to conjure it out of them in all the wrong ways . If we want to try to change our marriages for the better , we must start by changing ourselves , because changing yourself is the easiest , fastest , and most dependable method of change there is .
If our marriage is n't too great , we had something to do with it . We all co-created our marriages and there are definitely things we all can do to become better spouses . As Muslims we should view our “ half ” of the marriage as ultimately a commitment to Allah , not to an individual . We fulfill a promise we made before Allah to be a husband/wife and if that promise is too heavy , we should get help . One day we will be accountable for only ourselves before Allah for our marriage , so the only one we should think about “ keeping score ” with is Allah . We do n't want to “ lose points ” with our Lord just because our spouse is . Being an adult means we act as we do on our own principles and taqwa , not as a reaction to someone else 's behavior . Believe it or not when we act out of principle , our spouse will begrudgingly respect us , and may even make their own changes for the better .
Go to next page
The 520-million-year-old gentle giant : Fossil reveals bizarre new species of whale-like creature that filtered plankton
Fossils found in Greenland reveal marine animals used facial appendages to filter food from the ocean
Forefathers of today 's whales swam using flaps on the sides of their body
Large appendages in front of their mouths could also capture larger prey
The fossils revealed they then evolved into suspension feeders and their grasping appendages morphed into a filter
Evidence of gentle giants that swam in the oceans more than 500 million years ago has been discovered .
Fossils found in northern Greenland shows that ancient , giant marine creatures used bizarre , whale-like facial appendages to filter food from the ocean .
The study described how the strange species , named Tamisiocaris , used huge , specialised facial parts to filter plankton - similar to the way some modern whales feed today .
Scro ll down for video
Bizarre : Tamisiocaris ( illustration , pictured ) swam using flaps down either side of the body and had large appendages in front of its mouths to catch prey . These appendages were made up of jointed segments , which could curl like fingers to grasp prey
WHAT WAS THE TAMISIOCARIS ?
Tamisiocaris belonged to a group of animals called anomalocarids . The creatures lived 520 million years ago during the Early Cambrian - a period known as the Cambrian Explosion - in which all the major animal groups and complex ecosystems suddenly appeared . Anomalocarids were a type of early arthropod that included some of the largest animals of the Cambrian period . They were flat animals that had two grasping appendages in front of the mouth , known as the 'great appendages ' .
These were made up of jointed segments , which could curl like fingers to grasp prey .
Each segment also featured a pair of spines used to impale food .
The new fossils show that these predators eventually evolved into suspension feeders when these grasping appendages morphed into a filtering apparatus .
Tamisiocaris is one of many recent discoveries of diverse anomalocarids found in rocks aged between 520 to 480 million years old in northern Greenland .
The creatures lived 520 million years ago during the Early Cambrian , a period known as the Cambrian Explosion in which all the major animal groups and complex ecosystems suddenly appeared .
Tamisiocaris belonged to a group of animals called anomalocarids , a type of early arthropod that included the largest and some of the most iconic animals of the Cambrian period .
They swam using flaps down either side of the body and had large appendages in front of their mouths that may have used to capture larger prey , such as trilobites .
However , the newly discovered fossils show that those predators eventually evolved into suspension feeders when these grasping appendages morphed into a filtering apparatus .
This meant the animals could be swept through water and trapping small crustaceans and other organisms as small as half a millimetre in size like a net .
Lead author Dr Jakob Vinther , a lecturer in macro-evolution at the University of Bristol , said : 'These primitive arthropods were , ecologically speaking , the sharks and whales of the Cambrian era .
'In both sharks and whales , some species evolved into suspension feeders and became gigantic , slow-moving animals that in turn fed on the smallest animals in the water . '
In order to fully understand how the Tamisiocaris might have fed , the researchers created a 3D computer animation of the feeding appendage to explore the range of movements it could have made .
Pictured is one of the feeding appendages of Tamisiocaris borealis . It would have worked similarly to the grill found in modern whales to filter plankton out of seawater
Dr Martin Stein , of the University of Copenhagen who created the computer animation , said : 'Tamisiocaris would have been a sweep net feeder , collecting particles in the fine mesh formed when it curled its appendage up against its mouth .
'This is a rare instance when you can actually say something concrete about the feeding ecology of these types of ancient creatures with some confidence . '
The discovery also helps highlight just how productive the Cambrian period was , showing how vastly different species of anomalocaridids evolved at that time , and provides further insight into the ecosystems that existed hundreds of millions of years ago .
Tamisiocaris belonged to a group of animals called anomalocarids . They would have used their large appendages to capture larger prey , such as trilobites ( fossil , pictured ) before they evolved into suspension-feeding mammals
The ancient creature is the ancestors of modern whales , such as the humpback whale , pictured here , which feed by forcing water through its mouth filters and trapping small crustaceans and other organisms like a net
Dr Vinther added : 'The fact that large , free-swimming suspension feeders roamed the oceans tells us a lot about the ecosystem .
'Feeding on the smallest particles by filtering them out of the water while actively swimming around requires a lot of energy - and therefore lots of food . '
Co-author Dr Nicholas Longrich , of the University of Bath , added : 'We once thought that anomalocarids were a weird , failed experiment .
'Now we 're finding that they pulled off a major evolutionary explosion , doing everything from acting as top predators to feeding on tiny plankton . '
Angela Merkel has urged Britain to confirm the type of relationship it plans to have with the European Union following its exit . Speaking at an annual diplomatic corps reception in Meseberg on 11 July , the German chancellor pointed out that it would not be possible for Britain to have access to the EU 's single market while restricting immigration .
Merkel said that although she was hopeful Britain would remain an important partner , it was imperative that London state the terms under which the revised partnership will be made . `` But of course the EU and the remaining 27 member states also have to protect their interests , '' she said according to Reuters .
`` For example , whoever would like to have free access to the European internal market will also have to accept all basic freedoms in return , including the free movement of people , '' she explained .
Merkel 's statements came hours before Theresa May was confirmed to become UK 's next prime minister and she said that Britain will only take its next official step once `` they have a new prime minister to invoke Article 50 '' .
In an interview with ZDF TV on 10 July , the German leader stressed , `` I expect that to happen . I deal with reality and I firmly expect that application will be made . We have spoken to Britain and made clear there will be no negotiations with Britain until they have made their application , and there will be no cherry picking . ''
Following May 's appointment , other ministers of the EU also reiterated the need to clarify the future with Britain .
`` The sooner we can sort out this - how can I say it diplomatically - problematic situation , the better , '' BBC quoted Jeroen Dijsselbloem , Dutch finance minister and head of the Eurozone group as saying .
Pierre Moscovici , the European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs added , `` We should enter negotiations as quickly as possible because we need to limit uncertainty . ''
Former President Bill Clinton is being defensive about his wife 's health .
CBS anchor Charlie Rose pressed him repeatedly with questions about Hillary Rodham Clinton 's health condition . She 'd collapsed in New York City on Sunday after ducking out of the 9/11 memorial ceremony . “ It 's almost certain she 's in better health than her opponent , ” Bill Clinton said . “ But we do n't know , because he has n't disclosed . ”
Clinton appeared frustrated after Rose repeatedly asked him why the campaign did n't release more health records to reassure American voters .
“ The campaign said they were gon na release some more medical information . I do n't know what it is , ” Clinton said . When asked by Rose why it was n't released immediately , he said he did n't know .
“ If a Martian came down from outer space and watched America unfold over the last six to eight weeks — it 'd be hard to see all these earnest pleas for disclosure , which are entirely one-sided , ” Clinton said .
He said that Donald Trump 's refusal to release his tax returns was a more important issue , but suggested that the media was n't holding the Republican to the same standard .
“ It 's nowhere near the same kinda story , ” he said .
Rose also questioned Bill Clinton 's health , pointing out that the former president had lost weight .
“ I just had a physical not very long ago and I passed with flying colors , ” bragged Clinton , calling himself the “ oldest man in my family for three generations . ”
“ My great-grandfather lived to be 76 and I have lots of , you know , medical advantages over him , the state of health care and treatments , ” Clinton said . “ So I feel great . Every day I feel great . I just get up and hit it . ”
Uniforms . They 're a topic around college football offices these days almost as often as the words `` up-tempo offense . ''
This year , around 40 FBS programs have updated their look . Some are simple , like Texas ' subtle updates to Nike 's latest template around the collar on its jerseys . Then there is Indiana , which completely revamped its identity . And Oregon and Oregon State , who have engaged in a battle to find the coolest combos -- including two- and three-toned face masks .
Schools get a nice revenue bump from the sales of these duds .
But more and more , recruiting and uniforms have become intertwined . Here 's the real question : Are uniforms important enough to make a difference in a prospect 's decision ? An ESPN.com survey indicates that Oregon 's hundreds of uniform combinations , Rutgers ' battle-scarred jerseys and Nebraska 's alternate black jerseys might not matter as much as many think .
Still , there 's no question they play a role in the recruiting process . They 've become an integral part of the college football experience , woven into the fabric of recruiting .
Indiana , for example , assembled its team for a uniform unveiling that has more than 300,000 views on YouTube . One Big Ten assistant said it was produced `` purely as a recruiting tool . ''
New uniforms make coaches downright giddy as they hit the recruiting trail .
`` I think it 's great for recruiting , '' said Kansas coach Charlie Weis , who altered Kansas ' uniforms to include five different sets for the 2013 season . `` Recruits think , 'look at that helmet , if they wore this jersey with those pants . ' Recruits love that stuff . So if it gives you a chance to get more players because they like the stuff , and ultimately help you win , that 's what you have to do . ''
Athletic department officials agree that uniforms and recruiting go hand-in-hand .
`` The student-athletes love it -- they absolutely love it , '' Michigan athletic director Dave Brandon said earlier this spring at Big Ten athletic director meetings . `` The coaches love it , because the student-athletes love it . The recruits may love it even more than the student-athletes . I get this question a lot from recruits . ''
While uniforms had been used for decades as recruiting tools , Oregon took it to a new level starting in the early 2000s .
With the support of Nike founder and Oregon alumnus Phil Knight , Oregon unveiled in 2005 a new high-performances uniform that kicked things into high gear . Players were allowed to provide feedback into the design of the uniform , which the Ducks used a recruiting tool .
`` It opened doors for us , '' said Oregon coach Mark Helfrich , who got his start as a graduate assistant at Oregon in 1997 and has been on the Ducks ' staff since 2009 after stops at Boise State , Arizona State and Colorado .
Eventually , the school in the middle of nowhere became the trendiest program in college football .
Top recruits began mentioning Oregon as a school of interest . The Ducks ' success on the trail has resulted in success on the field . Oregon 's last four recruiting classes average 20th in the nation and the Ducks have played in four straight BCS games .
`` You look at the history of Oregon football , and we have a spirit of innovation , '' Helfrich said . `` It 's something we pride ourselves on that started in the early '90s . [ Uniforms ] are how we got in the door at all . And now we 're able to compete a little bit differently nationally with recruits , and we can at least get in the door . But more and more , it just puts you in front of some different people . ''
Other schools have taken notice .
Maryland 's unique uniforms -- which mixed the schools ' colors and the state flag -- were Randy Edsall 's public way of ushering in a new era . Rob Carr/Getty Images
Looking to revitalize its program under Randy Edsall , Maryland drew a lot of national attention for its `` Pride '' uniforms from Under Armour that incorporated the Terps ' red and black and Maryland state-flag colors . At Oklahoma State , the Cowboys wore six different Nike uniform combinations in 2010 and 13 combinations in 2011 and 2012 . During that same period , OSU landed recruiting classes that finished in the top 30 twice .
`` You drive down a highway and you look at a billboard and it says , 'you just looked at this billboard , you should use it as advertisement ' -- it 's the same philosophy as uniforms , '' Oklahoma State coach Mike Gundy said . `` It 's a marketing tool . It grabs the attention of the young men we 're recruiting . ''
But as any good advertiser will tell you , it does n't matter how shiny the package is if you ca n't get somebody to buy the product . ESPN.com surveyed more than 700 high school recruits from the classes of 2014 and 2015 -- including 90 who self-identified as a member of the ESPN 300 for the Classes of 2014 or 2015 -- and asked them where uniforms ranked in their college decision . Uniforms were the top factor for only 3 percent of players , and uniforms ranked eighth on the list of criteria behind academics , coaching , playing time , school tradition , location , experience sending players to the NFL and television exposure .
Those numbers are n't really a surprise to many prospects .
`` It was n't a factor at all , but if there is a sick uniform you can sort of visualize yourself in it , '' Georgia tight end commitment Jeb Blazevich , the nation 's No . 94 player from Charlotte ( N.C. ) Christian School . `` You know , 'That 'd be awesome . ' But then you have to think , are you going to sleep in your uniform ? Are you going to practice in your uniform ? Or are you going to go to class in your uniform ?
`` It does n't matter what color or number that you have on . At the end of the day when you 're running down the field , all you really care about is how well you do in the game . If you 're a recruit and you 're thinking about picking a school because it has cool uniforms -- grow up and check your swag at the door . You 're making a lifelong decision . Why are you putting it into clothes ? ''
The nation 's No . 1 prospect , running back Leonard Fournette of New Orleans ( La . ) St. Augustine , agreed that uniforms pale in comparison to factors like future major , playing time and relationships with coaches . `` All of these things go way beyond uniforms , '' Fournette said .
So is the importance of uniforms in the recruiting process overblown ? `` Yes and no , '' River Ridge ( La . ) John Curtis Christian receiver Malachi Dupre , the nation 's No . 26 overall player . `` It is and it is n't a big deal and a part of recruiting . I do n't think many recruits will say that uniforms are more important than being with a good coach or getting a great education . If that 's the case , then I do n't know what they 're thinking about . They probably do n't have the right mindset . But I know recruits definitely want to look sweet . ''
`` It was n't a factor at all , but if there is a sick uniform you can sort of visualize yourself in it . You know , 'That 'd be awesome . ' But then you have to think , are you going to sleep in your uniform ? Are you going to practice in your uniform ? Or are you going to go to class in your uniform ? `` -- Georgia commitment Jeb Blazevich
Fifty-two percent of the players surveyed said they believed the way they look in a uniform helps them perform better on the field . As four-star Texas A & M commit Dylan Sumner-Gardner of Mesquite ( Texas ) West Mesquite put it , `` When you look good you play good . And I like looking good . When you look good on the field and they take pictures , you get to change your Twitter [ avatar ] . You get likes on Instagram . That 's what you do . But [ uniforms ] were at the bottom of the list , too , for me . ''
`` Swagged out '' uniforms not only help prospects take notice of a program , they can be a difference-maker if the recruit is struggling to choose between two relatively even programs . `` If they 're exactly the same , I think uniforms would push them ahead of the other school , '' five-star defensive end Lorenzo Carter of Norcross , Ga. , said . `` If I got the same feel for both schools , they 're in the same type of place , then yeah , uniforms would make a difference . ''
Dupree concurred . `` That 's probably a better example of when uniforms can come into play . If they 're both [ equal ] , and this one school has better uniforms , then that 's going to bump them up a little for me and for almost every recruit out there . ''
And that 's something most college coaches have grasped .
Recruiters know that gold metallic helmets , pickax number fonts , school seals channeled in the jersey numbers , pitchforks dripping in copper , colors that change depending on what angle you 're looking at them from and uniform combinations that calculus majors could only figure out can make a difference . And with the pressure on coaches to win games , coaches will embrace every edge . And that wo n't change anytime soon .
Capt . Jeffrey Winter , center , then deputy commander of Carrier Air Wing 17 , prepares to fly an F/A-18F Super Hornet from the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson in 2012 . Winter , who assumed command of the air wing in June , was relieved of duty Sept. 20 , 2013 , following preliminary findings of an inappropriate relationship with a subordinate junior officer , according to a Navy statement .
The commanding officer of Carrier Air Wing 17 was relieved of duty Friday following allegations of an “ inappropriate relationship ” with a female junior officer under his command , the Navy announced Saturday .
Capt . Jeffrey S. Winter was relieved by Rear Adm. David Steindl , commander of the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson 's strike group , due to “ a loss of confidence ” in Winter 's ability to command , according to the statement .
The command investigation into Winter 's conduct remains ongoing . Winter has been reassigned to Pacific Fleet Naval Air Forces headquarters pending the outcome .
Commanders relieved of duty for alleged misconduct are typically sent to a headquarters command . Officers found to have engaged in misconduct generally face a Navy board that determines whether they should be allowed to continue serving , unless they voluntarily retire .
Winter was first assigned to the USS Carl Vinson in December 2011 . He assumed command of the air wing in June .
Winter is a former Top Gun instructor who graduated from the U.S . Naval Academy in 1989 . He received his first operational assignment in 1993 at Naval Air Facility Atsugi , Japan .
Capt . Matthew L. Leahey , the air wing 's deputy commander , has temporarily assumed command duties .
slavin.erik @ stripes.com
Twitter : @ eslavin_stripes
Songwriter accused of ‘ shaming China ' with The Ice and Snow Dance , a song that is claimed to bear a strong resemblance to Disney blockbuster Let it Go
The composer of one of the official anthems of Beijing 's 2022 Winter Olympics is facing an avalanche of criticism over claims his song bears an uncanny similarity to Let it Go , the theme from Disney 's blockbuster animated film Frozen .
Zhao Zhao , an established songwriter who studied at China 's top music school and has worked with artists including Placido Domingo , is credited with composing The Ice and Snow Dance , one of 10 slushy motivational ballads chosen to represent the games .
Other tracks include Never Give Up , Snow Dream , and the chirpily named Welcome to the Great Wall for Skiing .
But , as Beijing celebrates being awarded the right to host the 2022 event , Zhao has found himself accused of of plagiarism .
Beijing promises to overcome lack of snow for 2022 Winter Olympics Read more
“ Have you no shame ? ” read one of several hostile messages posted on the composer 's account on Weibo , China 's Twitter . “ Can you stop plagiarising ? ” wrote another . “ You have shamed China . ”
Dozens of negative comments in Chinese languages have also been posted under a YouTube video of the song in recent days .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Ice and Snow Dance
“ The plagiarism is very obvious , ” said one . “ This is an international sports event . If they ca n't make their own music , they could at least hire some foreign producer to compose it. ” Another commenter said : “ [ China ] has such a blatant plagiarism problem and yet they still want to host the Olympics . ”
One blogger created a mashup of the two songs in an attempt at proving the similarities .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A mashup video posted to YouTube of The Ice and Snow Dance and Let It Go
The furore over the alleged ripoff was such that even respected financial magazine Caijing waded into the debate . “ Some notes are almost the same as the opening line of Let it Go and the only difference is the tempo , ” Caijing quoted one critic as saying .
“ China does not lack excellent music composers , ” asked another frustrated commentator . “ Why do they need to plagiarise ? ”
The great rock'n'roll swindle – 10 classic stolen pop songs from Saint Louis Blues to Blue Monday Read more
Zhao Zhao , a pianist born in the Chinese city of Changsha , did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment .
After watching Sam Smith sing in Los Angeles earlier this year , the composer wrote on Facebook : “ It 's a British pop night ! Sam Smith has a nice voice and songs , sometimes I need to be touched in such a way . ”
Some have leapt to Zhao 's defence , including a YouTube commenter who wrote : “ [ You ca n't ] accuse others of plagiarism without having any proof . There are strict criteria regarding plagiarism in music – it 's not plagiarism just because you say so . ”
Another supporter wrote : “ What counts as plagiarism ? Music is all made up of notes such as do , re , mi , fa , so , la , ti . Does that count as plagiarism ? ”
Danbury police officer fired for use of excessive force Officer with history of excessive-force complaints accused of injuring young man in handcuffs
A veteran Danbury police officer with a history of excessive-force complaints has been fired after he was accused of injuring a young man on Main Street while the youth was in handcuffs .
The officer , Daniel Sellner , was fired by the mayor Jan. 14 after an internal investigation of the latest incident , which happened in August .
Sellner can also be seen in unrelated YouTube videos roughly treating a young man in a holding cell 10 years ago and threatening a motorist at a city gas station in 2012 . He was suspended without pay for a week in 2013 for making a lewd comment to an elementary school teacher , and he underwent retraining after misusing a Taser on a motorist .
`` I expect that all police officers act professionally , treat all persons with dignity and respect , ( and ) refrain from threatening persons with arrest or use of force simply because they appear to disrespect an officer , '' Mayor Mark Boughton wrote to the officer in a letter of termination . `` Your actions and these violations indicate you are either unwilling or unable to carry out the duties of a police officer in accordance with the high standards expected of the Danbury Police Department . ''
Sellner , a 19-year veteran and the former vice president of the local police union , is the second police officer in as many years to be fired by Boughton for violating the police department 's professional standards .
In 2013 , officer Chris Belair was fired after a threatening and profanity-laced tirade directed against an undocumented immigrant .
Sellner 's termination comes at a time of heightened national tensions between police and protesters who are raising awareness about the recent deaths of two unarmed black men -- one in suburban St. Louis , the other on Staten Island -- at the hands of police officers who were not indicted .
Boughton on Tuesday said he did not feel pressured by national events as he deliberated the case against Sellner , which was brought by a young white man .
`` I consider the context of the event itself and not what is happening across the country , '' Boughton said . `` We take the issue of excessive force very seriously , and if there is a complaint , we investigate it and take action if it 's appropriate . ''
Sellner 's attorney said an appeal to the state Board of Mediation and Arbitration could be filed by the end of the week .
`` The decision to dismiss this officer is outrageous , '' said attorney Norman Pattis . `` This was a garden-variety arrest . ''
Daniel Snellner Photo : Contributed Photo Photo : Contributed Photo Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Danbury police officer fired for use of excessive force 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Sellner 's partner on the call , Dominic Lebron , is the subject of an internal investigation involving the same incident .
Police Chief Al Baker would not say anything about his case because the investigation is pending .
The trouble began Aug. 9 when Sellner and his partner answered a call about after-hours trespassing at the newly built Danbury Skate Park on Patriot Drive .
Police chased several youths to a discount store at 249 Main St. , where one of the suspects was taken into custody . The young man , who was not identified , was arrested on multiple charges that were eventually reduced to trespass , a violation .
Baker would not describe the victim 's injuries , except to say that he was taken to the emergency room at Danbury Hospital .
The mayor would not comment beyond what he wrote in his letter to the officer .
`` The manner in which you led the arrestee out of the General Dollar Store was an unnecessary act of force as he was already handcuffed , there was no reason to believe there was danger of escape , and the video did not show that there was any resistance by the suspect , '' Boughton wrote . `` This unnecessary use of force resulted in the suspect 's injury . ''
Sellner was also cited for failing to accurately describe what happened during the arrest in his reports .
The mayor added in the letter that the pattern of complaints against Sellner indicated `` the retraining and prior discipline which you received has had no impact on changing your performance and behavior . ''
`` As a result , I am deeply concerned that in the future you may pose a risk to a fellow officer , persons in our community , or to yourself , '' the mayor wrote .
Sellner can be seen in a 10-year-old video posted on YouTube entering a holding cell to force a young man in custody to sit down , so forcibly his head hit the wall . An internal investigation at the time found no wrongdoing by police , although the city was sued by the youth and wound up paying a settlement of about $ 50,000 , Boughton said .
Sellner can also be seen on another YouTube video shot with a smartphone in 2012 at a Mobil service station where the officer can be heard threatening a bystander who witnessed an arrest .
`` It is extremely disturbing to me that your use of implied threats was the same in both the Mobil gas station incident and the Aug. 9 , 2014 incident , '' Boughton wrote .
Boughton said Seller had also used a Taser inappropriately during a traffic stop and was ordered to undergo retraining .
Sellner made headlines most recently in 2013 , when he compared the shape of a cupcake he had been given by an elementary school teacher to part of her body . School officials filed a complaint . Sellner wrote an apology to the teacher and waived his right to file a grievance to challenge his suspension .
The police chief said it is never easy to fire an officer but the department has a strong internal affairs division and he believes the correct decision was made .
`` We train people very well , we provide guidance in our rules and regulations , and if we do something wrong we have disciplinary procedures , '' Baker said . `` We have a very professional staff that is interested in maintaining the public trust so we do n't sweep problems under the rug . We deal with them . ''
rryser @ newstimes.com ; 203-731-3342
Past predictions about the future oftentimes fail miserably—or at least produce a few giggles . In 1949 , Popular Mechanics predicted that future computers would at least “ weigh no more than 1.5 tons. ” In 1967 , U.S. News predicted that scientists would be able to control the weather , and astronauts would have set foot on Mars by 2000 .
Sometimes , however , futuristic predictions can be surprisingly accurate . Isaac Asimov , writing for the New York Times about the 1964 World 's Fair , was nearly spot-on with a few predictions for what would turn up at a 2014 World 's Fair .
“ Complete lunches and dinners , with the food semiprepared , will be stored in the freezer until ready for processing . I suspect , though , that even in 2014 it will still be advisable to have a small corner in the kitchen unit where the more individual meals can be prepared by hand , especially when company is coming . ”
“ Robots will neither be common nor very good in 2014 , but they will be in existence . “
“ Large solar-power stations will also be in operation in a number of desert and semi-desert areas — Arizona , the Negev , Kazakhstan . In the more crowded , but cloudy and smoggy areas , solar power will be less practical . ”
“ By 2014 , only unmanned ships will have landed on Mars , though a manned expedition will be in the works and in the 2014 Futurama will show a model of an elaborate Martian colony . ”
“ Mankind will suffer badly from the disease of boredom , a disease spreading more widely each year and growing in intensity . This will have serious mental , emotional and sociological consequences , and I dare say that psychiatry will be far and away the most important medical specialty in 2014 . The lucky few who can be involved in creative work of any sort will be the true elite of mankind , for they alone will do more than serve a machine . ”
Of course , Asimov did n't get everything right . Most people 's ceilings do not glow softly , and flying cars are still on Google 's to-do list . We have n't moved into underground cities in order to replace the Earth 's surface with “ large-scale agriculture , grazing and parklands , with less space wasted on actual human occupancy , ” either . While Asimov predicted a world population of 6.5 billion , we 've topped that at more than 7 billion .
And Asimov did fall flat on one other point : sadly , World 's Fairs are now a nostalgic fixture of the past . Today , we instead have Expos whose primary focus is improving their host country 's branding rather than inspiring dreamy visions of the not-too-distant future .
( H/t Dan Fagin )
More from Smithsonian.com :
The Origins of Futurism
The Future Is Here
A lawyer for the off-duty cop accused of fatally shooting a motorist during a road rage incident again tried to paint the dead man as an “ anti-social ” individual during testimony Monday .
Medical Examiner Dr. Jay Stahl-Herz had been discussing the three gunshot wounds sustained by victim Delrawn Small​ ​when attorney Stephen Worth bellowed​ ​–​ ​in front of jurors​ ​–​ ​that Small had a tattoo that read : “ Go f–k yourself . ”
Assistant Attorney General Joshua Gradinger​ , who is handling the prosecution , ​immediately objected , and the jurors were rushed out of the courtroom .
“ How is that relevant , ” Brooklyn Supreme Court Justice Alexander Jeong tiredly asked Worth , who represents officer Wayne Isaacs .
“ It shows he 's an antisocial individual , ” Worth shrieked . “ One of the things we 've been trying to show is the menacing nature of the deceased . ”
Worth continued to yell over the judge , again complaining Jeong had refused to allow jurors to hear about Small 's criminal history .
“ You kept out his over ten years in jail , ” the lawyer boomed , before cheekily asking if the autopsy report would be redacted so jurors could n't read the lewd tattoo .
“ I move to exclude the entire autopsy report , ” Worth added . “ Does n't common sense tell you that someone who writes ‘ go f–k yourself ' on their arm has a problem with society . ”
“ I understand that he jumps and screams and yells , but he knows he 's not allowed to do this , ” Gradinger interjected , referring to Worth . “ It 's been at least 10 years to the day that [ Isaacs ] killed [ Small ] since that he had a felony conviction . ”
“ There is absolutely no chance the defendant could have seen that tattoo , ” Gradinger insisted .
“ I struggle to accept your hypothetical argument , ” Judge Jeong said to Worth , before saying “ Let 's not have this issue again , please ? ”
Small , 37 , was hit three times . The fatal shot pierced his aorta .
The medical examiner also testified that Small would have lost consciousness in 10 to 15 seconds , and been dead in three to ten minutes . CPR could not have saved him , Stahl-Herz said .
Jurors also saw photos of the bloody tank top cut off of Small after he was shot . Isaacs alleges the man punched him after getting out of a traffic light in July 2016 , forcing him to shoot in self defense .
If convicted of charges of second-degree murder , Isaacs faces up to 25 years behind bars .
His trial continues Wednesday .
Woman , 23 , has her head frozen so she can be reborn after a cure for her brain cancer is found - against the wishes of her religious family
A dying young woman has decided to place her faith in science and have herself frozen after her death until a cure is found for her brain cancer .
Kim Suozzi , 23 , of St Louis , ignored the wishes of her religious family and decided to have her head placed in cryogenic storage after she entered into the final stages of her life .
Diagnosed with an aggressive form of Glioblastoma multiforme , Kim died on January 17th and spent the final two weeks of her life at a hospice n Scottsdale , Arizona , so that she was near to the cryopreservation center that she chose .
Scroll Down for Video
Kim Suozzi pictured here in an interview only a few months before her death has decided to try and extend her life by having her head frozen in cryopreservation
Back in September , Kim had used the website Reddit to successfully help raise the $ 70,000 in funds she needed to fulfil her desire to have her head placed in cryonic preservation .
But when she told her family of her wishes , they recoiled , upset that she seemed to place more hope in science to be resurrected rather than accepting her death as final .
'As she said , what is she going to do , rot in the ground ? We are talking about her body , we are not talking about her soul , ' her mother Jane Suozzi said to Fox 2 Now .
It was especially difficult for Kim 's mother to accept that she was only having her head frozen and not her entire body .
Kim Suozzi was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer in March 2011
Jane Suozzi explained how she was devastated at first by her daughter 's decision to cryopreserve her head . but that she has come around to it
'It was explained to me that the cyropreservation was more successful if it was just the head . I can ` t tell you why , I just know what they are really after is the brain , ' she said
‘ I worked real hard on reconciling it with my personal faith and trying to be okay with it , and I am okay with it . '
Kim was diagnosed in March 2011 with her brain tumor after she had spent her Senior Year in college experiencing 'odd headaches ' that led to a life threatening 30-minute-long seizure .
By August of last year she was beginning to lose function on the right side of her body and was given six months to live .
It was around this time that she used the online community of Reddit to help her with her burgeoning interest in cryogenics .
' I want to be cryogenically preserved when I die from brain cancer but ca n't afford it , ' she wrote in her blog according to io9.com .
' I am literally begging for financial help . '
Brave Kim Suozzi underwent an invasive neurological procedure to attempt to remove her brain tumor but it ultimately failed
A facility such as Alcor Life Extension Foundation , where Kim 's head is now stored , chraves up to $ 70,000 for neuropreservation and whole body preservation can cost up to $ 200,000 .
Cryonic preservation freezes legally-dead people to liquid nitrogen temperature to stop physical decay . People undergo it in the hope that future technology will exist to revive their bodies and restore them to good health .
After Kim 's posting on Reddit , she was approached by Society for Venturism who assisted her in raising the money for Kim to be frozen after her death .
'When funds are raised for a cryonics charity recipient they can choose to contract with the cryonics organization of their choice , ' said Society for Venturism spokesman Shannon Vyff to io9 .
'It is up to them to set up their contract ; the Society for Venturism will then provide funds to the cryonics organization they have contracted with . '
Given six months to live , Kim developed a curiosity in cryoprocedures and asked the internet community Reddit to help her raise the money for the storage facility
Vyff is a board of Society for Venturism , and an Alcor and Cryonics Institute member .
' I have been happy to help the cryonics community , and at times it is hard raise funds for a charity recipient , ' said Vyff .
'Kim 's case was compelling to many people — not only did many cryonicists donate but non-cryonicists as well . '
Before she died last week , Kim updated her blog to explain her decision to her followers .
'Many of you know that I 'm agnostic ; I do n't have any clue what happens when you die , but have no reason to think that my consciousness will continue on after death , ' Suozzi wrote .
Dr. Jerry Lemler , president and CEO of Alcor Life Extension Foundation , stands in the Patient Care Bay area where the heads and bodies of 49 individuals are being held in cold storage suspension , at the company 's headquarters
'The only thing that I can think to make me feel a little more at ease with my death is to secure cryopreservation plans on the off-chance that they figure out how to revive people in the future . '
Following her death , Kim 's boyfriend made an official statement regarding her death .
'Our hope is that technology will continue to progress to the point that Kim may have a real chance of living again in the future , ' said the statement .
'Unfortunately , the development of the requisite technologies could be decades or centuries away .
'Since Kim is no longer with us to explore and innovate in the field of neuroscience , she is counting on all of us to push for the innovations she had hoped to see in her lifetime .
'Until ( or unless ) the day comes that Kim can be brought back , remember her , celebrate her , and emulate her resilience , so we can create the future of her dreams .
'Nobody is too young to make cryopreservation arrangements . '
Come with me if you want to live .
Sergeant Kyle Reese is a Resistance soldier from the Tech-Com , serial number DN38416 . From 2021 to 2027 , he served with the 132nd under Justin Perry . In 2027 , he joined the leader of the Resistance , John Connor 's Tech-Com fighting unit , where he was assigned recon/security . In the year 2029 he was sent back in time to the year 1984 to protect Sarah Connor from a T-800 Model 101 Terminator . Kyle Reese was the father of John Connor , through the result of a predestination paradox .
Contents show ]
Original timeline
Kyle Reese was a Human Resistance soldier in the post-apocalypse future , where most humanity had already been wiped out in a deadly nuclear Third World War , sparked off by an artificial intelligence entity known as Skynet . The computer system launched another genocidal war on the survivors of the war between the Eastern Bloc and the West . Born after the first war around 2003 , Reese was one of the last remaining humans who achieved a victory over the machines .
He survived the capture and killing of his fellow humans only to serve as a slave in one of Skynet 's concentration camps , where he and others were forced to load huge numbers of dead bodies into Skynet 's furnaces to be incinerated . Reese 's freedom would come when a resistance movement , led by John Connor ( whom Reese would unwittingly father later in the movie , and ironically consider his closest friend ) , freed him and the others from Skynet . After leaving the camps , Reese served in the 132nd division under Perry from 2021 to 2027 before transferring as a sergeant to Tech-Com under John Connor himself . John Connor and the resistance would eventually rally enough remaining humans and resources to launch an assault on Skynet .
The final assault would eventually allow the human resistance to cripple Skynet . The Resistance was able to smash Skynet 's defense grid allowing them to enter Skynet 's main complex and attempt to destroy it . Skynet however would have a final move left : using time displacement equipment , Skynet would send one of its most feared machines ( the Terminator ) back to May 12 , 1984 , a Thursday , to kill the young Sarah Connor , known to have been the eventual mother of John Connor , the leader of the Resistance , and thus prevent the birth of Connor and his future rebellion . The Terminator : Dawn of Fate
The Terminator
Realizing what Skynet was attempting to do , John Connor sends a soldier to protect himself from the machine menace . It would be Reese who would volunteer himself to go back . Once Reese had gone through , the time travel equipment would be destroyed , leaving only Reese and the Terminator in 1984 . Arriving unarmed and not knowing what the Terminator looks like in its disguise , Reese locates Sarah Connor , warning her of the impending doom of the human race and of the future significance carried by her and her unborn son .
`` `` I 'm Reese , Sergeant Techcom , DN38416 ... assigned to protect you . You 've been targeted for termination . '' - Kyle Reese informally introduces himself to Sarah Connor , The Terminator
After tracking Sarah to a club at the same time as the Terminator , Reese provides Sarah with a rushed explanation of the reason for the Terminator hunting her and his own role in events , but they are subsequently captured by the police after the Terminator 's car crashes and Sarah and Kyle are surrounded . With the Terminator having fled the scene , Reese is questioned by criminal psychiatrist Dr Peter Silberman , who puts Reese 's story of the Terminator and the Future War down as nothing more than a psychotic delusion , although complimenting the scale of it due to the explanations for the lack of future technology . Although Sarah briefly doubts Reese herself , when the Terminator attacks again , Reese manages to escape and retrieve Sarah while the Terminator tears through the station staff .
Having grown up in the future where the machines had all but wiped out the human race , Reese is both physically and mentally hardened . His body is scarred from numerous battles with Skynet , and he has a number of burns as a result of the time travel process . In a deleted scene , when he tries to stop Sarah from going to Cyberdyne Systems , he sees something he has never seen before , what the world looks like before the War Against the Machines . He says he thinks of it as a dream , the trees and stream , the flowers , and Sarah , all beautiful . Bursting into tears , he confesses that it hurts , because he was n't meant to see this . He then agrees with Sarah that they should try to change the future .
Though hard and battle weary , Reese had a love for Sarah despite having never met and only through a photo could identify . The affection Reese felt for Sarah was based on the legend that surrounded her and on the image of her from the photograph given to him by John Connor . Though initially hostile towards Reese , Sarah grows to trust and love him as he becomes the only thing between her and the Terminator . On the run from the Terminator , Reese and Sarah share a night of intimacy , in which her future son and human leader John Connor is conceived .
However , Reese 's life is cut short when both he and Sarah are forced to confront the Terminator . A chase ensues with the Terminator following first on a motorcycle and then in a semi-tanker truck . During the chase , Reese is hit by gunfire . After apparently thinking that they destroyed the Terminator , they run to an automated factory , later revealed to be owned by Cyberdyne Systems where the now-metal endoskeleton of the Terminator pursues them inside . Kyle turns on all the equipment as cover while the Terminator batters its way through the door .
After Sarah accidentally turns on a machine , their hiding place is discovered and the Terminator finds them . After reaching the stairs of a crawlway , Reese tells Sarah to run for cover while Kyle tries to beat the Terminator with a metal rod . The Terminator slashes Kyle to the floor , and Reese reaches for a pipe bomb and lights it up , placing it into the Terminator 's abdomen . The Terminator explodes except for its lower midsection and Reese rolls down a metal stairway head first . A short time later , after Sarah removes a piece of shrapnel from her leg , she tends to Kyle and finds he had broken his neck , [ 2 ] his dead body with face covered with blood from the fight with the Terminator and the shrapnel/debris from the explosion .
However , the Terminator 's midsection is still functional and begins to chase Connor again . Sarah then crushes the Terminator in a mechanical press and later tearfully sees Reese 's dead body being zipped up in a body bag and taken away . Although Reese died not knowing Sarah was carrying his son that was his future commander , his strength and courage gives Sarah enough for her to teach her unborn son for the pending future he will bring .
By impregnating Sarah with John , Kyle created a predestination paradox in the same way that the discovery of the Terminator 's remains in the factory gave birth to Skynet . The Terminator
Deviating timelines
NOW Comics timeline
Kyle was separated from Tim , his younger brother when Tim was six years old . The Terminator ( NOW Comics )
T2 Trilogy timeline
Kyle and Mary Shea , his mother , were captured by Luddite Patrol A-36 under the command of Sam Marshall AS-783490 and delivered to a Century Work Camp to serve as slaves . Dennis Reese and John Connor led an assault against the Luddite extermination camp three years after Mary and Kyle were captured . Mary and her husband were killed by a Terminator during the assault on the camp . John Connor came out of the smoke and said `` Come with me if you want to live '' . T2 : Future War
Infinity / Revolution timeline
Kyle is an orphan who talks a lot less . He spotted John sewing Uncle Bob 's scar . Terminator : Infinity
He is later adopted by John Connor and Tara Holden . He is urged to fight but prohibited by Tara because a reason which can not be told . Issue # 1 He travels back to 1996 accidentally during a battle against the Dire Wolf . Issue # 4 He helps John , Sarah , and young John to destroy the Dire Wolf . Later , he and John travel back to 2015 via the remains of the T-Infinity . After the War , Kyle has his own family in 2032 . Issue # 5
Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles timeline
Terminator Salvation timeline
Kyle Reese , a sixteen year-old , is Skynet 's priority target in 2018 , and John Connor is trying to find him in order to protect him .
At a certain point in post-Judgment-Day Los Angeles , Kyle has been working closely with Star , a young mute girl , and the two have developed a close working friendship which is based upon hand signals . Shortly after the activation of Marcus Wright , Kyle rescues him from a Series 600 Terminator that attacked him , destroying it in front of an old toy company . The two developed a working relationship soon after with Marcus teaching him several tactics to survive . He is not yet a member of the Resistance and is listed as being of civilian status according to General Ashdown , but Reese considers himself and Star to be the Resistance 's Los Angeles Branch .
After spending the night at Griffith Observatory , Reese , Star , and Marcus set out in a jeep to find John Connor . After a brief chase with a Skynet probe that scans Kyle 's face , they briefly stop at a believed to be derelict 7-Eleven in the desert , but they find themselves with a group of survivors led by a woman named Virginia . They are offered food and supplies , but their rest is short lived when they are attacked by a Harvester . After Marcus stuns the heavy machine , Kyle is instrumental in trying to destroy the Moto-Terminators now giving them chase from his vantage point on the tow truck . This would be futile . Reese as well as Star were soon after taken hostage by Skynet and taken to Skynet Central aboard transport . While underway Kyle would try to keep the troops rallied and looked for anything that could be considered a weapon .
Upon arrival , however , he was separated when Skynet identified him and taken to an execution chamber . His quick thinking helped him in escaping from the Series 600 Terminator assigned to guard him and he was soon reunited with Star . Moments later , he would meet John Connor for the very first time , only to be attacked by the T-RIP , a prototype Series 800 Terminator sent to kill Connor . They would escape to the Terminator Factory where Kyle would work closely with Connor to build a bomb capable of destroying the machines along with the whole facility . Kyle was rescued by the Resistance and left alongside Connor and the rest of his squad .
Back at a Resistance outpost after the destruction of the Skynet Central , Kyle is among the people watching John Connor , who is mortally wounded in the battle . John gives his jacket to Kyle before Marcus decides to provide his heart to John for the transplant surgery .
After burying Marcus ' body , Kyle finds a snapshot of Sarah Connor in the jacket given by John . Terminator Salvation
Terminator : 2029 timeline
Kyle Reese barely survived being killed by the T-800 . He was then held by government officials curious as to his knowledge of the future , before they were replaced by Terminators after Judgement Day . He managed to survive to 2029 , where he meets a friend of his , named Ben and warned him to go into the past to save him after his capture . Ben contacted Sarah , and together , they rescue Kyle from a government facility . Unfortunately , Kyle was soon killed by another Terminator sent to kill Sarah .
Notes
His Serial Number is DN38416 . [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
Kyle suffers from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder , as he experiences nightmarish flashback and can be easily aggravated , such as during his police interrogation .
, as he experiences nightmarish flashback and can be easily aggravated , such as during his police interrogation . As seen in the extended release of Terminator 2 : Judgment Day , Kyle appears unchanged from his appearance in the first film to Sarah in hallucinations at her stay at Pescadero State Hospital . In these hallucinations , he tells her to go and protect John , because more Terminators are coming and the future is not set .
In contrast with the first film , it is evident that Kyle 's history has been altered due to the events in Terminator 2 : Judgment Day . He was born before Judgment Day . His father initially survived Judgment Day but was killed prior to the events of the film .
Marcus Wright teaches Kyle Reese how to strap a shotgun to his arm with a cord to prevent losing it , a skill which he demonstrates with a shotgun upon his arrival in 1984 in The Terminator .
Kyle Reese says the line `` Come with me if you want to live . '' twice : in The Terminator and again in Terminator Salvation . He also says a variation of the line in Sarah 's dream in `` The Good Wound '' . He also hears the line said by John Connor in T2 : Future War and by Sarah Connor in Terminator Genisys respectively .
Behind the Scenes
Trivia
Kyle Reese 's appearance in the future from the film The Terminator is used for the cover of 1987 Konami game Metal Gear as the protagonist Solid Snake . [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
`` The Skynet Database : Human Central Archive '' featured in Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines DVD states that Kyle Reese was born in 2008 . However , Kyle is a teenager instead of just 10-year-old in Terminator Salvation .
Merchandise
Hot Toys
Sergeant Tech-Com Kyle Reese DX 38416 ( 1/6th scale collectible figure , 2005 ) Product code : LT1050504 Accessories : future gun , pistol , bomb , gas mask with carrier , cap , headset , goggle , holster , pouches , endoskeleton hand , figure stand
( 1/6th scale collectible figure , 2005 )
Neca
Kyle Reese Human Resistance Soldier ( 7 '' action figure , 2012 ) Accessories : 12 gauge shotgun with sling , Sarah Connor polaroid
( 7 '' action figure , 2012 )
DC Direct Busts
Appearances
Films
Comic books
Novels
Video games
Television series
References
When in the course of human events , it becomes necessary for a people to dissolve the political bonds which have connected them with the National Security State , and to assume among the powers of the earth , the freedom from all forms of oppression to which the Universal Declaration of Human Rights entitles them , a deep respect for all concerned requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to this separation .
We hold these truths to be self-evident , that the elected and appointed officials of the National Security State are complicit in war crimes , in pervasive Wall Street fraud and corruption , in systemic corporate lawlessness , in media consolidation that has destroyed the freedom and independence of the press , in the criminalizing of dissent at every level of society , in massive illegal surveillance of entire nations .
The officials of the National Security State have granted themselves unalienable classified Rights and Powers , that among these are the right to engage in endless Deceit , the right to eliminate civil liberties on any pretext , the power to arrest and imprison anyone they choose to designate as a national security threat , the power to establish secret courts to “ legalize ” their lawlessness , the insidious power to classify every one of their outrages , thus rendering it impossible to have any meaningful oversight whatsoever .
It is evident that a national security system long established should not be condemned for light and transient causes ; but when a long train of abuses and brazen betrayals , pursuing invariably the same Object , evinces a design to target entire nations for surveillance and intimidation , it is the right of the People , it is the duty of the People , to condemn that system , to oppose it , to resist it , to defend themselves and restore their liberties .
To prove the lawlessness of the National Security State and the treachery of its officials , let Facts be submitted to a candid world :
The political operatives of the National Security State have refused to pass comprehensive campaign finance reform , which is most wholesome and necessary for the public good , thus providing themselves with a 95 percent “ reelection ” rate , which renders elections meaningless and perpetuates endless injustice .
They have refused to enforce oversight and regulatory Laws of immediate and critical importance to the economy and the environment , they have refused to uphold the Constitution and the Bill of Rights , they have actively and repeatedly subverted the rule of law , it no longer applies to them , it is used instead as a weapon against the People .
They have conspired to reward criminal banks and financial organizations guilty of the most infamous financial crimes in all of human history , trillions of dollars of taxpayer money have disappeared into the bank vaults of psychopaths while further “ austerity ” has been imposed on their victims ; they have relentlessly expanded the power of corporate interests , ensuring that working people are virtually powerless to defend themselves against repeated corporate exploitation and abuse .
They have violated human rights on a global scale , through illegal wars and covert coups , through torture , through drone attacks and assassinations , through the sale of lethal weaponry to First , Second , and Third World governments of dubious legitimacy , to “ freedom fighters ” and rebels with or without a cause , to drug cartels , to corporate security forces , private security forces , and everyone in between . Profit and power projection are the motivation , bloodshed and injustice are the consequences .
They have authorized or condoned the infestation of communications networks worldwide with NSA surveillance technology , every phone call , every email , every form of electronic communication is being monitored , recorded , and stored in massive databases by National Security State operatives accountable to no one . We are all being watched , no matter who we are or where we are .
They have authorized the targeted persecution of political activists and protesters and whistleblowers , they have engaged in systemic abuses of power and obstructions of justice , in violation of our Constitution and unacknowledged by our laws ; they have actively given their Assent to the establishment of a top-secret shadow government infrastructure that has become so large , so unwieldy and so secretive that no one knows how much money it costs , no one knows how many people it employs , no one knows how many programs exist within it or who controls them .
They stand condemned :
For protecting Bush Administration officials from criminal investigations , thus conferring upon them legal immunity from prosecution for war crimes , torture , and other heinous assaults on human rights and dignity .
For decreeing that telecoms engaged in massive violations of the 4th Amendment are above the law and immune from criminal or civil action , thus ensuring that they will never be held accountable for their crimes :
For complicity in depriving American citizens in many cases , of the benefit of habeas corpus and Trial by Jury :
For complicity in transporting them beyond the Seas to be tortured for pretended offenses , subjecting them to Cruelty and Perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages , and totally unworthy of a civilized nation :
For complicity in abolishing the regulatory laws which protected our banking system and economy from corporate exploitation and Wall Street fraud , thereby precipitating a global financial crisis , which has further enriched the perpetrators of it while subjecting everyone else to “ entitlement ” cuts and endless lectures about the deficit , which is never mentioned until it 's time to use it as a weapon against the poor and the powerless :
For complicity in the never-ending efforts of psychotic conservatives to destroy Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid , for complicity in massive foreclosure fraud and drug money laundering , for endless submission to the National Rifle Association , no matter how many Americans are slaughtered with guns :
For complicity in militarizing our police , for complicity in enabling huge corporations to pay no taxes , for complicity in the corporate poisoning of our air and water , for complicity in allowing five alleged “ justices ” on the Supreme Court to fundamentally alter the funding of our electoral system , disenfranchising everyone except billionaires and leaving only the illusion of democracy behind :
For complicity in funding and funding and funding yet again the Pentagon war machine and the criminal contractors of the military-industrial complex , with consequences counterproductive to our national security , productive only to the furtherance of corporate war machine profiteering ; we are witnessing the endless funding of death by depraved politicians oblivious to the ancient warning that those who live by the sword shall die by the sword .
For the corruption and treachery displayed every hour of every day in every institution of the federal government from Capital Hill to the White House to the State Department , displayed in every newsroom and media studio in this country , spreading like a plague through state and local governments . For the corruption and treachery engaged in or condoned at every level of the National Security State , they all stand condemned .
At every stage of these Oppressions , American citizens have Petitioned for Redress in the most humble of terms , but our repeated Petitions have been answered only by repeated betrayals and even greater treachery . The Republican and Democratic officials of the National Security State , whose destructive legacy has been characterized by every heinous act which defines corruption and moral bankruptcy , are unfit to be supported by any American citizen .
They have been deaf to the voice of justice , they have been deaf to our repeated appeals . We must , therefore , acquiesce in the necessity of declaring our Separation from them and resist the National Security State , we must consign the Democratic and Republican Parties to Oblivion , condemn the two-party system as an abusive and corrupt anachronism , reject submissive obedience to this monstrous reincarnation of fascism , and call upon every American to engage in nationwide civil disobedience .
We , therefore , the citizens of the United States of America , appealing to the Supreme Judge of History for the rectitude of our intentions , do , in the Name of , and by Authority of the Founding Fathers who gave us this republic and expect us to preserve it , solemnly publish and declare , that we will embrace Citizen Empowerment , that we are Absolved from all allegiance to the Powers which oppress us , that all political connection between us and the officials of the National Security State is and ought to be totally dissolved , that we will unite as We the People and restore our democracy .
Republicans really , really do n't like Planned Parenthood . If thepresidential candidates have n't made that clear , conservatives in Congress did last week when they threatened to shut down the government—yet again—over Planned Parenthood 's federal funding .
But the reason Planned Parenthood exists and even receives federal dollars in the first place is largely because Republicans got it off the ground .
When birth control was legalized , Republicans helped expand access to contraception for low-income people because they recognized its economic value to women , families , and taxpayers . Even when abortion was legalized through Roe v. Wade , a women 's right to choose was n't immediately a partisan issue—or much of an issue at all .
Over the past few decades , the Republican Party has shifted further right—and the politics behind this evolution explain why the GOP is trying to stop the very thing that they started 45 years ago .
From Nixon using abortion legislation to strategically woo Catholics to lobbyists deliberately linking family planning to abortion in the '90s , the Republican long game to court a new voter base was nothing if not effective . Today , it 's almost impossible to be a pro-choice Republican running for any major political office . And across the country , state-level efforts to restrict abortion access are powering forward : in Texas , the number of abortion providers dropped from 40 to eight in a little over a year .
Though reproductive rights seem to be disappearing before our eyes , the secret Republican history of Planned Parenthood tells a different story—namely that it does n't have to be this way , because it has n't always been .
Design by Katja Cho
The organization was an affiliate of the American Birth Control League , which would eventually become Planned Parenthood .
Design by Katja Cho
Design by Katja Cho
He helped launch their first national fundraising campaign .
Design by Katja Cho
The same year , former Republican President Eisenhower ( who said just six years earlier that it 's not the government 's `` business '' to support birth control ) serves as co-chairman of a Planned Parenthood committee with Harry Truman . In a 1968 address to Congress , then-Congressman George H.W . Bush advocates for government support of family planning programs , citing statistics from a Planned Parenthood clinic .
Design by Katja Cho
The federal grant program , which provides planning services to low-income families , was championed by President Nixon and George H.W . Bush ( who was such a vocal supporter of birth control that he was supposedly nicknamed `` Rubbers '' ) . The funds have never been used to provide abortions because of provisions written into the law .
Design by Katja Cho
Design by Katja Cho
Only a year after the Supreme Court struck down Massachusetts ' prohibition of birth control for unmarried women through Eisenstadt v. Baird .
Design by Katja Cho
As they adopt an anti-choice stance , the Democrats adopt their first pro-choice platform .
Design by Katja Cho
Design by Katja Cho
A Human Life Amendment , which would have overturned the Supreme Court 's decision , comes to vote for the first and only time after several attempts . The Senate defeats it , with Goldwater reversing his previous position to vote against it ( Planned Parenthood still issues an achievement award named for him . )
Design by Katja Cho
Their strategy centers on the idea that government funding for family planning providers `` frees up '' money that is used for abortions . In 1992 , polls show that as many as 71 % of Republican Party members are pro-choice . But by 1996 , public opinion changes sharply as the number of people believing that abortion should be legal `` under certain circumstances '' overtakes the number of people who believed abortion should always be legal .
Design by Katja Cho
Only six Republicans vote against it .
Design by Katja Cho
She 's grilled by GOP members who would rather the government shut down than Planned Parenthood continue to receive federal funding—even though that funding has never been used to provide abortions .
Follow Marie Claire on Instagram for the latest celeb news , pretty pics , funny stuff , and an insider POV .
The Stack Archive
News Article
Fujitsu partners with 1QBit on quantum AI
Wed 17 May 2017
Fujitsu and 1QBit have announced a partnership focused on the application of quantum technology in the field of artificial intelligence . The applications developed through this partnership will address specific industry issues in the Japanese and global markets that can be solved with a combination of AI and quantum technologies .
Projects will focus on areas of combinatorial optimization , the process of finding an optimal object in an extremely large dataset , as well as machine learning .
In the partnership , 1QBit will provide the machine learning software it has developed for quantum computers , while Fujitsu will provide the hardware in the form of a ‘ digital annealer ' , jointly developed by Fujitsu and the University of Toronto .
The software developed by 1QBit uses machine learning techniques specifically designed to interface with quantum computers . To date , the software has been used for applications in various industries including finance , advanced materials , energy , and life sciences .
The two companies aim to contribute to transform existing businesses and to create new ones by providing new solutions to computational challenges in these fields and others .
Fujitsu 's hardware , the digital annealer , is a computing architecture that uses semiconductor technology to solve combinatorial optimization problems . The annealer uses basic optimization circuits that are constructed in a parallel , hierarchical structure using semiconductors . Combinatorial optimization conducted using Fujitsu 's digital annealer achieved results 10,000 times faster than simulated annealing on a conventional processor .
Fujitsu originally saw the digital annealer as a tool to help companies to streamline distribution , improve disaster recovery , create and implement economic policy and improve social policy and business decision-making .
Combining 1QBit 's software with Fujitsu 's hardware is intended to advance machine learning in the quantum sphere , to help enterprises solve complicated , field-specific , large-scale optimization problems .
Fujitsu will also bring to the table over 30 years of experience with research and development in the field of artificial intelligence . Customers using AI will be provided access to the Fujitsu Cloud Service K5 Zinrai Platform as early as this year , with the option to access results of the Fujitsu-1QBit collaboration through Zinrai .
Companies featured :
Tags :
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
The thing today 's filmmakers tend to forget when they 're making their retro or modernized Westerns , is how often the genre was about more than itself . High Noon is n't just about a honorable man in an aloof town ; it 's about the red scare and HUAC . The Ox-Bow Incident is n't just about the murder of a rancher ; it 's about the horror and danger of mob justice . The Searchers are n't just about a quest for a kidnapped girl ; it 's about the frothing irrationality of racism . You get the idea – and yet too often contemporary directors slap cowboy hats on their stars , put the bad guys in black , and walk through the paces . David Mackenzie 's Hell or High Water calls upon the tropes of the genre at will : the crusty lawman , the criminal brothers with conflicting temperaments , stand-offs and bank robberies , the sins of the father passed on to the son . But it relocates them into an urgently contemporary setting – one signaled not just by the cars and the cell phones , but the circumstances the conflict sprouts from .
The lawman 's name is Marcus , and he 's played by Jeff Bridges , one of the few guys who can convincingly play this kind of role any more ( Kurt Russell and Tommy Lee Jones are the others , if you 're keeping track ) . He looks comfortable in his hat and boots , and disperses his lines in a kind of half-drawl , half-growl . Creeping up on mandatory retirement , he gets caught up in the crime spree of brothers Toby ( Chris Pine ) and Tanner ( Ben Foster ) , who are hitting banks across West Texas – mostly branches of one particular bank , for reasons that will become clear .
That storytelling trick – of holding back exactly what they 're up to until as late as possible – could 've backfired in the hands of a lesser screenwriter , but scripter Taylor Sheridan ( Sicario ) knows he 's got leeway in the crime and Western devices . And director Mackenzie situates his actors in such a way that we understand their dynamic before they 've even been properly introduced – he goes tight on their ski masks , revealing the coldness in one set of eyes , and the panic in another .
All three actors make this thing sing , projecting a lived-in authenticity that 's matched by Mackeznie 's ( mostly ) relaxed style – this is a movie that knows these coffee shops , motels , and Indian casinos , and luxuriates in them . ( There 's a great little scene in a diner , with a nasty spark plug of a waitress who orders for you , that 's so authentic it feels like a documentary . ) Yet there 's an overriding sense that this durable way of life is n't long for this world ; a cowboy rustling his herd away from a wildfire muses , “ And I wonder why my kids wo n't do this shit for a livin ' , ” which , in retrospect , might be the theme of the entire movie .
Meanwhile , Mackenzie 's camera lingers on the edges of the frame . In the first scene , he stays on a bank 's exterior wall long enough to read the graffiti : “ 3 tours in Iraq and no bailout for us. ” When Marcus and his partner Alberto ( Gil Birmingham ) post up in a motel for the night , prosperity gospel blasts from the television ( “ He would n't know God if he crawled up his pantleg and bit him on the pecker , ” Marcus grouses ) . As the bank-robbing brothers , and the lawmen pursuing them , shuttle from town to town , we keep catching sight of the highway signs , for debt relief and payday loans . And when one of them knocks over the bank across from a diner , one of the old-timers who spend his day there does n't seem much bothered by it : “ It 's been robbin ' me thirty years . ”
You get the idea . Yet Hell or High Water is n't just timely , or angry ; it soaks economic distress into its canvas , which then colors the picture without overpowering it , creating a general sense of desperation that motors the entire narrative . ( “ You talk like we ai n't gon na get away with this , ” Toby tells his brother , who replies , “ I 've never known anyone who got away with anything , ever . Have you ? ” ) Above all else , it 's a crackling good action picture , as riveting in its quiet scenes of thick tension ( like Pine 's stop at a road block , or the final , loaded dialogue scene ) as in its masterfully executed shoot-outs . And in those respects , at this date in August , I say give me a well-made little genre exercise like this over a bloated franchise flick any day of the week . This one 's got something on its mind to boot , which makes it one of the few must-see movies of the season .
Hell or High Water is out today .
New Delhi : The government has initiated the process to change the base year to 2011-12 for computing the country 's gross domestic product ( GDP ) to better capture the changes in economy .
At present , the base year for calculating the GDP is 2004-05 . The Ministry of statistics had changed the base to 2004-05 from 1993-94 in 2006 .
`` We have undertaken the process of revising base year for calculating the GDP . With the passage of time new products are manufactured and new data is added , '' Chief Statistician T C A Anant told PTI .
He clarified however that the methodology as such for computing the GDP ca n't be changed .
As per the practise , the government periodically revises the base year for computing the GDP to capture the changes taking place in the economy , especially the manufacturing sector .
Although Anant did not commit on the timeframe for changing the base year for computing GDP , indications are that it would be sometime soon .
For examining the performance of the economy in real terms through the macro economic aggregates like GDP , national income , consumption expenditure and capital formation , estimates they are prepared at the prices of selected year , known as base year .
The base year of the national accounts is changed periodically to take into account the structural changes which take place in the economy and to depict a true picture of the economy through macro aggregates .
The first official estimates of national income were prepared by the Central Statistical Organisation ( CSO ) with base year 1948-49 for the estimates at constant prices .
These estimates at constant ( 1948-49 ) prices alongwith the corresponding estimates at current prices and the accounts of the Public Authorities were published in the publication , `` Estimates of National Income '' in 1956 .
With the gradual improvement in the availability of basic data over the years , a comprehensive review of methodology for national accounts statistics has constantly been undertaken with a view to updating the data base and shifting the base year to a more recent year .
The base years of the National Accounts Statistics series have been shifted from 1948-49 to 1960-61 in August 1967 ; from 1960-61 to 1970-71 in January 1978 ; from 1970-71 to 1980-81 in February 1988 ; and from 1980-81 to 1993-94 in February 1999 . Thereafter it was changed to 2004-05 in 2006 .
Saskatchewan has some of the northernmost cottonwood trees on the continent ( image courtesy of Wikimedia )
There needs to be an open review of park privatization practices and a publicly accountable mechanism to ensure that carrying capacity guidelines and regulations -- those in place and those yet to come -- are actually enforced , even when someone fortunate enough to be on the inside of the governing party 's circle of friends receives a handshake promise .
the hills at Sask Landing ( image courtesy of Branimir Gjetvaj )
These are good days for people who have the money and connections to get a piece of a provincial park -- for those who can afford to lease a subdivision lot or a place for their boat and RV , and especially for those who are able to profit from building private campsites and subdivisions . They come to the Province with these proposals because they know that if they tried to do the same thing on private land they would face higher start up costs and much lower demand for their sites . For a very favourable fee the developer and his customers receive an exclusive kind of access to a piece of the public trust , including the ability to tie-in to water , sewer , roads , and other forms of publicly subsidized infrastructure.There needs to be an open review of park privatization practices and a publicly accountable mechanism to ensure that carrying capacity guidelines and regulations -- those in place and those yet to come -- are actually enforced , even when someone fortunate enough to be on the inside of the governing party 's circle of friends receives a handshake promise .
Football players too often are arrested for all sorts of things . This , however , might be a first . Or at least among the strangest .
New Mexico player Ryan Trujillo was arrested last week after he allegedly pepper-sprayed his girlfriend , according to the police report obtained by DailyLobo.com .
According to multiple reports , the walk-on rising sophomore quarterback , upset that his girlfriend was eating with a friend a local restaurant , grabbed his her car keys off the table . Trujillo headed to the parking lot . She asked for the keys back and he refused .
That 's when Trujillo used the canister of pepper spray attached to the key chain on her . He later told police that it was an accident . Trujillo was charged with battery on a household member .
The university is aware of the incident and is “ looking into it ” it said in a statement .
Thomas B. Shea-USA TODAY Sports
Dwight Howard decided to opt out of his contract with the Houston Rockets to test free agency , and it did n't take long for him to find a new team .
Continue for updates .
Hawks , Howard Reportedly Agree to Deal
Friday , July 1
Shams Charania of The Vertical reported that Howard has agreed to a three-year , $ 70.5 million contract with the Atlanta Hawks .
Earlier on Friday , Adrian Wojnarowski of The Vertical cited sources when reporting that the Hawks and Howard `` made a strong connection . ''
On June 28 , ESPN 's Marc Stein and Chris Broussard reported that the two sides would meet . Stein reported earlier in the day that if the Hawks were `` unable to thrust themselves into the [ Kevin ] Durant bidding , '' the franchise was weighing a potential pursuit of Howard to play alongside Al Horford .
Trail Blazers Reportedly Interested in Howard
Friday , July 1
Jason Quick of CSNNW.com , citing a `` person with knowledge of the Blazers ' plans , '' reported that Portland intends to pursue both Howard and Chandler Parsons . Zach Lowe of ESPN.com observed it would be `` tough '' in relation to the salary cap , noting the team would `` have to renounce [ Moe ] Harkless '' and potentially dump salary elsewhere .
On Thursday , Lowe first reported that the Blazers would `` absolutely look at Howard , per several league sources . ''
Howard Reportedly Set to Meet with Celtics
Tuesday , June 28
Howard reportedly has a meeting lined up with the Boston Celtics , according to Stein and Broussard .
Stein and Broussard added Howard is expected to meet with up to five teams .
Howard Reportedly Has Knicks on Shortlist
Wednesday , June 22
Ian Begley of ESPN.com reported the New York Knicks `` are one of several teams [ Howard ] would consider in free agency , '' citing league sources .
`` Howard told friends earlier in the season that he was interested in playing for the Knicks ; that interest remains as Howard approaches free agency , '' Begley added .
Rockets Were Open to Retaining Howard
Wednesday , June 22
ESPN.com 's Calvin Watkins , citing a source , reported on June 22 the Rockets `` tried to convince [ Howard ] to remain with the team . '' Watkins added :
Rockets general manager Daryl Morey spoke with Howard 's agent Perry Rogers and team CEO Tad Brown talked to Howard himself expressing his support as well . The team values Howard 's defensive abilities and the potential of what he can do on the offensive end in a new scheme under just hired coach Mike D'Antoni as the reasoning for retaining him .
`` He [ D'Antoni ] would welcome him [ Howard ] back . We would welcome him back , '' Rockets general manager Daryl Morey told SiriusXM Bleacher Report Radio 's Howard Beck and Noah Coslov on June 5 when asked about the situation .
Howard famously clashed with Mike D'Antoni during his one-year stint with the Los Angeles Lakers in 2012-13 . The Rockets hired D'Antoni as their new head coach in May—a move seen as confirmation Howard would be headed elsewhere .
Howard Reportedly Opts Out of Rockets Deal
Tuesday , June 21
Howard has reportedly declined his $ 23.2 million option for the upcoming season and will become a free agent , according to Charania .
Howard 's Game Steadily Declined During Houston Tenure
Howard , 30 , spent three up-and-down seasons as James Harden 's co-star in Houston . His points per game and usage dipped every season , including a 2015-16 campaign that saw him assume a tertiary offensive role . He averaged 13.7 points per game , his worst since his rookie season , despite shooting a career-high 62 percent from the floor .
According to Basketball-Reference.com , Howard 's usage rate fell nearly 5 percent from 23.3 in 2014-15 to 18.4—another career low since his rookie year . In a wide-ranging interview with Jackie MacMullan of ESPN.com , Howard spoke of becoming disillusioned by what he perceived to be a series of broken promises :
I felt like my role was being reduced . I went to [ Rockets general manager ] Daryl [ Morey ] and said , ' I want to be more involved . ' Daryl said , 'No , we do n't want you to be . ' My response was , 'Why not ? Why am I here ? ' It was shocking to me that it came from him instead of our coach . So I said to him , 'No disrespect to what you do , but you 've never played the game . I 've been in this game a long time . I know what it takes to be effective . '
Howard will look to reestablish himself as an NBA superstar who is capable of being a key component of a contender .
Follow Tyler Conway ( @ jtylerconway ) on Twitter .
EDINBURG , Texas – Memo Rodriguez had both goals as Rio Grande Valley FC took a 4-1 win against the Swope Park Rangers on Saturday night at the UT Rio Grande Valley Soccer Complex . The Toros took an early lead as Rodriguez fired home a low finish into the left corner of the net from the right side of the penalty area in the 13th minute . Rodriguez doubled his side 's lead when he latched onto a pass by T.J. Casner and finished 13 minutes later , but the Rangers pulled a goal back five minutes before the break when Daniel Salloi scored his fourth goal of the season . With both teams looking to get forward quickly in the second half , chances continued to arrive , but the Toros wrapped up with win with a minute to go as Robbie Lovejoy scored from a tight angle off a great pass by Christian Lucatero , who then added a second assist in stoppage time as Emilio Garcia completed the scoring .
Scoring :
13 ' – RGV – Memo Rodriguez ( Jose Escalante )
26 ' – RGV – Memo Rodriguez ( T.J. Casner )
40 ' – SPR – Daniel Salloi ( Kris Tyrpak )
89 ' – RGV – Robbie Lovejoy ( Christian Lucatero )
90 ' – RGV – Emilio Garcia ( Christian Lucatero )
Three Things That Matter :
1 . Saturday 's game saw two well-thought-of attacking players on either side feature prominently , with the first being the Toros ' Memo Rodriguez . After a goal and assist for Charleston last season on loan from the Houston Dynamo , Rodriguez had a breakout performance on Saturday with two excellent finishes that put the Toros up 2-0 within the first half-hour .
2 . A Homegrown signing this offseason for Sporting Kansas City , Daniel Salloi entered his rookie season with some expectations . After scoring his fourth goal of the season on Saturday to pull the Rangers within a goal late in the first half , the 19-year-old is certainly delivering so far . On a night when SPR was n't quite able to find a way back into the game , Salloi 's performance will provide a silver lining for the club .
3 . His appearance was just a cameo , but Christian Lucatero 's two assists after being brought in with three minutes to go gave an illustration of what he could be capable of with more action later in the season . While it 's clear Coach Wilmer Cabrera has his current pecking order in terms of the starting lineup , it 's clear Lucatero could be a very big weapon off the bench as the Toros take aim at a playoff place in their inaugural season .
USLSoccer.com Man of the Match
Memo Rodriguez , Rio Grande Valley FC – Rodriguez notched his first two goals for the Toros with a pair of clinical finishes in the first half , as RFVFC continued to look offensively potent with their biggest attacking output of the season so far .
Upcoming Games :
May 25 : Rio Grande Valley FC at San Antonio FC , 8:30 p.m . ET , Toyota Field | ESPN3
May 28 : Swope Park Rangers at Sacramento Republic FC , 10:30 p.m . ET , Bonney Field
The all-wheel-drive 2017 F-Pace will be available in the U.S. with three powertrains , and in five trim levels ( aside from the First Edition ) . Top of the range is the F-Pace S , powered by a 380-hp version of the supercharged 3.0-liter V-6 used in S versions of the F-Type and XF , and the upcoming XE . Next down the pecking order for powertrains is the F-Pace 35t , powered by the 340-hp version of the same engine . Both V-6s will be available when F-Pace goes on sale in May , and in September they will be joined by F-Pace 20d models powered by a 180-hp 2.0-liter turbodiesel inline four designed and engineered by Jaguar-Land Rover .
Both the F-Pace 20d and 35t will be available in four trim levels—base , Premium , Prestige and R-Sport . The base 20d is the entry-level F-Pace , which rolls on 18-inch wheels and is priced at $ 41,985 ( including destination ) . At the top of the F-Pace diesel range is the 20d R-Sport , which gets 20-inch wheels and carries an MSRP of $ 54,895 . Opting for the 35t bumps those prices up $ 1,400 . The F-Pace S is priced at $ 57,695 , and a limited run of 275 First Editions versions—essentially loaded S models that offer houndstooth pattern leather seats and special Caesium Blue paint—will be available for $ 70,695 .
We got to drive regular editions of the F-Pace and First Editions , plus a 20d R-Sport . There were no 35t versions available , and wheel time in a 35t Prestige , expected to be the volume seller in the U.S. , will have to wait until we return to the U.S .
View 156 Photos
At 186.3 inches long , 76.2 inches wide , 65.6 inches tall , and with a 113.1 inches wheelbase , the F-Pace sits dimensionally between a Porsche Cayenne and Porsche Macan . With its long hood , voluptuous hips , and cab pushed to the rear , it looks like a tall Jaguar sports car , especially on the designer-friendly 22-inch wheels . That 's no surprise , perhaps , given inspiration for the F-Pace 's athletic form and surfacing came from the F-Type coupe , says Jaguar production studio director Wayne Burgess .
Slide behind the wheel and the cabin envelops you like a Jaguar sedan , courtesy of the high beltline and slim greenhouse . If you 've spent any time looking around the new XF sedan , the F-Pace 's interior ambience and architecture is very familiar , from the multi-function steering wheel to the 12.3-inch digital instrument panel , to the Riva hoop running off the top of the doors and around the front of the dash , to the 10.2-inch center console touchscreen .
There 's DNA from the XF evident in the way the F-Pace drives , too . That should perhaps come as little surprise given both cars are built off JLRs all-aluminum D7a architecture , though Jaguar points out 81 percent of the F-Pace 's parts are unique . You can feel it in the first few miles on the road , from the wonderful linearity of the steering , to the poised and precise way this SUV tracks through the turns . The powertrain response feels almost identical , too .
What initially feels odd is that all this familiar Jaguar-ness is happening further away from the road surface than you 're used to , a sensation amplified by the very car-like cabin and driving position . Visually , you 're sitting in a Jaguar , but the feedback from your middle ear is you 're sitting on top of it . That said , the F-Pace chassis team has done a masterful job of tuning the roll-bar bushings to damp side-to-side vehicle motions before the roll-bars are activated , thus reducing occupant head toss .
Those optional 22-inch wheels look cool and the tires give a ton of grip , but the 20-inch wheel/tire combo that comes standard on the F-Pace R-Sport models is the setup we preferred on Montenegro 's rough and tumble tarmac . The 22s offer slightly shaper turn-in response the moment you pull the steering wheel off-center , but there 's more clarity and delicacy in terms of feel on the 20s everywhere else . The ride is better , too—despite specifying a 22-inch tire with a relatively deep sidewall , the 255/50 R20s are noticeably more supple . It comes as no surprise to learn the F-Pace chassis was developed around the 20-inch wheels and tires .
View 156 Photos
The 380-hp F-Pace S proved suitably quick in Montenegro - Jaguar claims a 0-60 mph acceleration time of 5.1 sec , but the 20d R-Sport was more enjoyable to drive . It 's a little slow to get rolling—claimed 0-60 mph acceleration time is 8.2 sec—but once off the line , the diesel-powered F-Pace is a delight to drive , and it 's lighter , which you can feel in the steering , braking , and cornering . The little diesel also grunts out a healthy 318 lb-ft of torque at 1,750-2,500 rpm , not that far shy of the 332 lb-ft put out by the V-6s ( albeit way up at 4,500 rpm ) , and the eight-speed auto does an excellent job of riding the torque .
Though few customers are ever likely to go there , when the tarmac ends the F-Pace is among the more accomplished of the current generation of soft-roaders , which is what you 'd hope from a company that also builds Land Rovers . A lot of the capability comes from electronics , of course , including the Adaptive Surface Response system , which automatically adapts the maps of the throttle , transmission and stability control system to maximize traction under a variety of conditions . All Surface Progress Control is a Land Rover-developed system that acts like a low-speed cruise control that allows a driver to select a speed between 2.2 mph and 19 mph and let the vehicle figure out throttle and brake to maintain optimal traction . In Montenegro it took the F-Pace up and down some reasonably steep and rough hills with no effort from the driver other than steering around the biggest obstacles .
View 156 Photos
The Jaguar folk like to call the F-Pace `` a practical sports car . '' And with good reason : It combines the sporty look and feel of a modern Jaguar with a degree of all-round practicality and usability no car in the company 's history has ever been able to deliver . In terms of the Jaguar 's future , there 's a lot riding on the F-Pace . But a sporty SUV from a sports car company is a formula that 's already proven wildly successful . Just ask Porsche .
The Light Stuff
View 156 Photos
Like the XE and XF sedans , the F-Pace is built on Jaguar 's aluminum-intensive D7a architecture , though 81 percent of its parts are unique .
About 80 percent of the F-Pace 's body structure is aluminum . The rear floor is steel to improve front-to-rear weight distribution , and the doors are steel . The tailgate is made of composites . The core body-in-white weighs less than 660 pounds ; the bodyside is a single structure that weighs less than 13 pounds .
Jaguar has been mass-producing aluminum body vehicles since the 2003 XJ , and continues to refine the process . Almost one-third the weight of the F-Pace body is recycled aluminum , the most of any Jaguar , says D7a vehicle line director Kevin Stride , and the goal is to reach bodies with 75 percent recycled aluminum by 2020 .
Why ? Because recycled aluminum requires 95 percent less energy to produce , which means lower materials costs , and therefore less expensive aluminum bodies . Jaguar has developed its own grade of recycled aluminum - RC5754 - for use in its cars , and currently recycles 30,000 tonnes of the lightweight metal a year .
Activity Key
View 156 Photos
There 's a fine line between gadgetry and gimmickry in today 's automotive electronica . Just because you can get a computer to do something in a car , does n't mean it should be done . On paper , the wearable , waterproof Jaguar Activity Key , being introduced as an option on the 2017 F-Pace , sounds a bit of a gimmick . In reality , though , it 's a gadget a lot of people will find they ca n't live without .
A black plastic wristband , the Activity Key looks like a Fitbit , but is actually way more practical . It allows F-Pace owners to leave the keys in their safely locked cars while they go off surfing or mountain biking or snowboarding or a thousand other outdoor activities where carrying around a modern electronic cars key is either impractical or simply a pain in the ass .
The Activity Key uses RFID technology similar to that used by contact-less credit cards to allow you to lock and unlock the F-Pace . You simply leave the regular key hidden out of sight in the car , and touch the Activity Key to the `` J '' of the Jaguar badge on the tailgate . That locks the car , and disables the key inside , so even if someone were to break into your F-Pace they could n't drive away with it .
To unlock the car—and reactivate the key inside—simply touch the Activity Key to the `` J '' again , and you 're good to go . The Activity Key wristband is waterproof and shockproof , and does n't even need batteries . Clever . And useful .
Document : Tennessee voter registration form Would-be voters must swear that the information they give is correct on pain of a felony conviction and up to 12 years in prison .
A long-serving chairman of one of Chattanooga 's bond boards stepped down Tuesday night amid questions about his residency and eligibility to serve .
Health , Education and Housing Facilities Board Chairman William Bulls III resigned after serving 27 years on the board , according to City Attorney Wade Hinton .
The resignation came after council members and residents started questioning whether Bulls live in a $ 427,000 home in the unincorporated portion of East Brainerd , or in a beauty supply store inside the city limits .
It means the City Council has to fill four spots on the board , which oversees tax breaks for affordable housing projects in the city .
The board now has three vacancies and board member Hicks Armor 's term is expired .
The vacancies have delayed some board business , because members have not been able to gather a quorum . One item includes a proposed tax break for part of the $ 8 million Chattanooga Choo Choo Hotel renovation . The hotel plans to build 97 affordable apartments in the hotel and is asking for a 16-year payment-in-lieu-of-tax agreement .
To serve on the board , a member must be a taxpayer in the city and a resident .
Until Tuesday , Bulls ' voter registration address was 9211 Royal Mountain Drive in the unincorporated county . That home was built in 2003 , according to county tax records .
All the while , Bulls ' address registered with the city for the purposes of serving on the board was his wife 's beauty supply store at 5312 Brainerd Road , which was built in 2008 .
Bulls told city officials the store was his primary residence , Hinton said .
But Hamilton County Election Administrator Kerry Steelman said Bulls updated his voter registration Tuesday to the beauty supply store . And Bulls provided a utility bill in his name for the property as proof of residency , Steelman said .
City Councilman Chris Anderson said he could n't say for sure whether Bulls lived at the store or not , but the situation was `` fishy . '' Anderson said Tuesday after the news that the resignation was the right thing for Bulls to do .
`` I think he clearly did not meet the criteria but was well-intentioned and willing to serve , '' Anderson said .
Councilman Moses Freeman said it was important for all of the city 's boards to be properly manned . And he was glad Bulls resigned if he was n't eligible .
`` He is an honorable man . I do n't think he would do anything to disparage the committee or do anything nefarious to get around something , '' Freeman said . `` He 's a very competent guy , and I 'm sure he contributed much to the board . ''
Bulls is out of the cross hairs of city officials , but if he changed his voter registration just to serve on the housing board -- and does not actually live in the city -- he could be in more trouble .
Falsifying voting registration is a felony punishable with two to 12 years in prison or a $ 5,000 fine , or both .
Blake Fontenay , spokesman for Secretary of State Tre Hargett , said Tuesday that the Hamilton County District Attorney 's Office was responsible for investigating and prosecuting voter registration fraud .
Bulls could not be reached for comment Tuesday but he left a message Friday with a reporter after press time .
Council Chairman Chip Henderson said Tuesday the council was accepting applications for the posts through Friday and planned to make appointments on Feb. 3 .
The posts will be selected similarly to how the council replaced vacancies for its Industrial Development Board in September . On Tuesday , the nine-member council divided into three equal groups . Then the council drew letters from a bowl to determine who picked first to start the rotation . Group C , representing City Districts 7-9 , was selected by hat drawing to have the first and last appointment .
Contact staff writer Louie Brogdon at lbrogdon @ timesfreepress.com , @ glbrogdoniv on Twitter or at 423-757-8461 .
When I was a teenager , I did n't really pay a lot of attention to The Tragically Hip . I was for the most part into not as good music ( although Radiohead was definitely an early influence on my life ) . The more I aged , the more that my appreciation for the Hip grew . I began to understand what Gord Downie was singing about and felt it in my bones ( to borrow a Radiohead lyric ) .
My teenage years become more distant with every passing day , but I am reminded of what my grade nine math teacher said , “ The Tragically Hip are the greatest band ever. ” I thought he was crazy then , but now , I know what he means .
I was able to see The Tragically Hip for the first time in my life in 2008 at the Pemberton Music Festival in Pemberton , BC . I was up in the front row for a lot of the main stage acts and honestly , I remember Coldplay and Nine-Inch Nails and Jay-Z and N.E.R.D . and The Flaming Lips , but nothing sticks with me like that Hip performance .
I looked over some of the photos that I took back then and wanted to share a couple of favourites . The news of Gord Downie 's brain cancer shocked a lot of us Canadians . I think since it was announced a few weeks ago it has taken some time to get used to . There are have been and are going to be countless things written about what Gord Downie means to Canada and to the music in this nation , but none of them will really ever truly encapsulate what it 's like to witness a Hip show and see how they connect with the audience . It 's something else .
I managed to get a couple of tickets for my wife and I to see The Tragically Hip on their farewell tour . The concert is 5 weeks from today , Sunday , July 24th . I have a feeling that there will probably be a lot of tears in Rogers Arena in Vancouver that night , but Gord Downie and The Tragically Hip are n't going to want you to leave sad . I am certain that the one feeling that they are going to want their audience to leave with is joy . I ca n't really see it any other way .
As the Syrian crisis moves into its third year , it is premature to say that President Bashar al-Assad is winning his war , as he claims . It is , nevertheless , clear he is not losing it . He also has enough confidence to stage sham elections while the bloody civil war still rages , with all its supposedly democratic trappings , including candidates who will run against him .
Assad 's intention to run in these elections also indicates he has no plans to disappear from the scene anytime soon , especially since he continues to be backed strongly by Russia and Iran . All of this is bad news for Turkey , where the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has banked on a total defeat for the Assad regime and has also been pushing futilely for a Western-led military intervention in Syria .
Meanwhile , despondency and defeatism appear to be setting in among opposition fighters , including members of the jihadist group Jabhat al-Nusra , alleged to be receiving military support from Turkey .
Ankara has , however , given no sign yet that it is about to change tack on Syria , although it is generally agreed among diplomats and analysts that its options have run out . Even the Geneva process , which Turkey supported somewhat begrudgingly at the start , appears to be falling by the wayside because of tensions between the United States and Russia over Crimea .
The Erdoğan government was initially cool toward Geneva because it appeared to legitimize Assad by accepting representatives from his regime as official envoys , but reluctantly moved to support it as the only option left following the West 's refusal to intervene militarily in Syria or to provide the Syrian opposition with heavy weaponry .
Meanwhile , the political situation in Turkey , which remains tense as it becomes clear that Erdoğan will run in the August presidential elections , is also drawing the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) government 's attention and energy away from the Syrian crisis .
This crisis on its borders nevertheless continues to fester for Turkey in ways that can not be disregarded , particularly the growing refugee problem that is increasingly causing domestic unrest as well as threats from the jihadist Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham ( ISIS ) .
Turkish security forces are on increased alert against ISIS , especially after Saudi Arabia announced unearthing a cell linked to the group , considering the discovery a sign that ISIS is trying to establish itself in regional countries .
US State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf told a group of foreign reporters at the Foreign Press Center in New York on May 8 that ISIS posed a great threat to Turkey as well , adding that the State Department is working closely with Ankara on the matter .
As for Turkey 's growing refugee problem , this was brought home vividly again only a few days ago when Syrian refugees in Ankara 's poor and unruly Altindag district clashed with local residents , following claims that a 15-year-old local boy had been beaten up by Syrians who allegedly also burned a Turkish flag . The press reported that 20 Syrians had been arrested in the incident , which left seven police officers injured .
As developments such as these continue to create a headache for Ankara , the situation in Syria appears to be going Assad 's way . US Sen. John McCain , a staunch supporter of the opposition , has conceded that Assad is making headway , especially after the negotiated evacuation by rebel forces from the city of Homs a few days ago .
McCain called this development a “ huge victory for Assad ” in a brief interview with Al-Monitor 's congressional correspondent , Julien Pecquet , just prior to meeting with Syrian Opposition Coalition President Ahmad Jarba in Washington . `` It creates momentum for Bashar [ al- ] Assad for already ramped-up attacks , which are continuing leading up to his 'election . ' ''
Turkey has also rejected the presidential elections announced in Syria , saying , “ It is not possible to take such a so-called election seriously in any way whatsoever. ” He declared their results “ null and void ” in advance .
“ The announcement made by the Syrian regime , which has long lost its legitimacy and its legal capacity to administrate the country , that it will organize so-called presidential elections on June 3 , 2014 , is , to say the least , an act of disrespect and insolence against the memory of hundreds of thousands of slaughtered and millions of exiled Syrians as well as towards the international community , ” said the Turkish Foreign Ministry in an April 24 statement .
Although the Syrian presidential elections will undoubtedly be a farce , the large crowds of chanting supporters that Assad is still capable of assembling for the cameras in Damascus and in other government-held territories — including those in central Syria , where the regime appears to be regaining its grip — will nevertheless enable him to claim public support against his enemies , including Turkey .
The question for Ankara , therefore , remains the same at a time when no early solution appears on the horizon to the Syrian crisis , with all that implies for Turkey in terms of spillover effects . So what can it do to extricate itself from what the Brussels-based International Crisis Group ( ICG ) has dubbed “ Turkey 's Syrian Quagmire ? ”
“ The conflict was not of its making , but Ankara has in effect become a party . Unable to make a real difference by itself , it should focus on protecting its border and citizens , invigorate recent efforts to move back from the ruling party 's Sunni Muslim-oriented foreign policy to one of sectarian neutrality and publicly promote a compromise political solution in Syria , ” the ICG recommends in its latest report on the subject .
This would have to entail the Erdoğan government sending out diplomatic feelers to the Assad regime while indicating that Ankara is changing its position of open sympathy and support for the overbearingly Sunni opposition .
Ankara would also have to reach out to Syria 's non-Sunni minorities that it has estranged in this crisis and promote a pluralistic democratic line instead of the majoritarian one Erdoğan is pursuing in Turkey , and one that also factors in the rights of Syria 's Alawites and Christians .
The warning issued by Ryan Crocker , a former US ambassador to Lebanon , Syria and Iraq , to the Obama administration is also valid for the Erdoğan government in this regard .
“ We would be making a grave mistake if our policy were aimed at flipping the tables and bringing a Sunni ascendancy in Damascus , ” Crocker said during a presentation at the Council of Foreign Relations in Washington .
Pointing out that there is no assurance that a Sunni government would be an improvement on that of Assad , Crocker also indicated that such a government would probably be “ dominated by the worst of the worst ” religious extremists .
Given this very real prospect , the repeated accusations from the West that the Erdoğan government is supporting jihadist groups like Jabhat al-Nusra could also pose an embarrassment for Ankara at a time when the UN is said to be preparing to refer Syria to the International Criminal Court over crimes against humanity committed not just by the regime , but also by radical groups within the opposition .
Not just denying its alleged links with these radical groups , as it has been doing , but openly and verifiably distancing itself from them would therefore have to also be part of any new direction that Ankara takes .
But can Turkey do , especially given the degree to which Erdoğan and his party have committed themselves , both verbally and materially , to the demise of the Assad regime and made their Sunni-based sympathies for the Syrian opposition so blatant ?
The question that Erdoğan and the AKP have to answer in turn , however , is just as crucial : What option do they have other than changing tack in the direction proposed by the ICGs , given that Assad remains unbeaten even if he is not victorious yet ?
This question will loom even larger if or when Erdoğan becomes president in August and finds the time to lift his head from domestic politics to face the reality of the situation facing him in Syria , where developments have confounded all his plans and expectations thus far .
Company Commander Rommel Sandoval could not bear seeing any of his men wounded . For this , he paid the ultimate sacrifice .
Published 2:36 PM , September 23 , 2017
MARAWI CITY , Philippines – His promise was clear : not a single man under his watch would die in battle .
Over 3 months in , Captain Rommel Sandoval 's promise was very much intact . The 11th Scout Ranger Company , of which he was commander , was the only company that had not lost a soldier in the Marawi siege .
On Sunday , September 10 , Day 111 of the war , Sandoval 's men were asked to go on a precarious mission to retake one of the few remaining strongholds of the enemy . ( READ : Terror in Mindanao : The Mautes of Marawi )
As the military closed in on the terrorists and continued to push them back towards Lanao Lake , the 5-story Landbank building was crucial for the military to take over . The army had tried to retake it previously , but it was deadly dangerous . On that day however , Sandoval 's men were ready and determined .
Slowly but deliberately , under Sandoval 's watch , they cleared the 5th floor , the 4th , the 3rd , and then the second . The first floor was more difficult . After dropping grenades to scare off any remaining terrorists hiding below , 3 rangers descended to the first floor before realizing it was still too risky .
The enemy spotted the 3 rangers as they backed up to return to the second floor . There was an exchange of volume fire . In the gunfire , one of the men , Corporal Jayson Mante , was hit on his hand .
As the other two managed to make it back to the second floor , Mante chose instead to drop to his stomach . He knew his injury would slow him down and that he would expose himself longer if he tried to come back up too .
A concerned Sandoval sent 4 troops to try and recover Mante . At this point , Mante had several other injuries after the enemy continued shooting at the wounded ranger . He lay still on the first floor , waiting for death .
Knowing the military would not leave Mante behind , the enemies watched closely , aiming at any soldier who tried to come down from the second floor to save him . ( READ : Troops penetrate Maute defensive position in Marawi )
2nd Lieutenant Arvie Ventura , the platoon leader who had been constantly radioing in updates to Sandoval from the second floor , recalled that Sandoval came down to where he was to assess the situation himself after several failed attempts .
“ Suddenly , he disappeared . I did n't notice he was gone , ” Ventura said .
Sandoval had found a hole created by the enemy that led him to another building , another route to save Mante . When he saw that Mante was no longer moving , Sandoval made a decision . He instructed his men to give him cover fire , and ran towards Mante .
“ He did n't hesitate , ” Ventura recalled . “ When he got there , he checked Corporal Mante 's pulse , and as he tried to pull him to safety , the enemy spotted him . His first hit was on his side . ”
Sandoval let out a scream . But it was n't a scream of pain or agony , said Ventura , it was an angry scream , a frustrated scream . “ He was so angry , I could see it in his face . ”
Even after he was hit , Sandoval turned towards the enemy , cocked his gun , aimed , and started firing back . The enemy hit him on his neck , then his cheek .
The hit on his cheek was fatal .
Ventura said Sandoval managed to radio in his final words : “ I got hit . ”
As the bullets came flying in , Sandoval , in his last moments , was still thinking of his men . He crawled on top of Mante to shield him from getting hit further . When they recovered Sandoval 's body , bullets were lodged on his chest . His body had blocked bullets from going through and hitting Mante .
“ He chose to take all the bullets for his troops . ”
Hardest missions
Sandoval is the highest-ranking Scout Ranger who died in the ongoing war in Marawi between government troops and IS-linked terrorists . Mante survived . ( READ : Admit ISIS presence in the Philippines , analyst says )
The war marked its 4th month on Saturday , September 23 . At least 887 have died including 151 soldiers , 689 enemies , and 47 civilians .
At Sandoval 's necrological service on Friday , September 15 , at the Libingan ng mga Bayani or The Heroes ' Cemetery , the mood was heavy and somber .
A Philippine flag draped his white and gold coffin , flanked by white flowers from President Rodrigo Duterte on one side , and Vice President Leni Robredo on the other . Sandoval wore his crisp Captain uniform , looking every bit a hero .
A slideshow of Sandoval 's photos flashed across the television screen one by one . Sandoval with family and friends eating out . Sandoval playing with his young niece in a pool . Sandoval smiling ear to ear , holding his wife Ani .
Sandoval , 38 , and a member of the Philippine Military Academy class of 2005 , had a lot ahead of him . He was soon to be promoted Major after years of excellent service . The war was coming to an end . He was so close to coming home .
The stories and the memories of Sandoval from friends , family and comrades , were stirringly consistent .
He was brave – almost “ too brave ” said some . His code sign , fittingly , was “ Daredevil. ” He was quiet , a man of action rather than words . He loved his country and his men deeply . Even at a young age , he defended the weak , standing up to bullies at school , and later , as a soldier , was fiercely loyal to his troops .
“ This was not the first time he risked his life for us , ” Ventura said .
During their downtime , Ventura said Sandoval – who was a talented artist – chose to do artwork , rather than drink . This was the culture he instilled in his company .
“ He cooked for us , and made sure we ate together . That was the way we bonded as a company . He always wanted to see our troops together , as a whole . He did n't want us to be individualistic , ” Ventura said . “ He inspired all of us with his actions . ”
His superiors too flew back from Marawi to pay their final respects .
Brigadier General Rene Glen Paje , the Commander of the First Scout Ranger Regiment , said Sandoval 's name stood out among the Captains , because of the stories and the achievements of his company .
“ His great courage went above and beyond the call of duty . He was a leader so devoted to his work . He never gave orders from the rear . He always prioritized the welfare of his men , ” Paje said .
“ He viewed each of his men as fathers , brothers , sons . He loved and treasured them all like family . ”
Lieutenant Colonel Jose Jesus Luntok , Sandoval 's immediate superior , and the commander of the 4th Scout Ranger Batallion , was frank : Sandoval was one of his best men .
“ I had 6 companies under me . He was the ace of the battalion . All hard objectives , I gave to him . He planned , he led . He was the most dependable , the voice of reason . He had the ability to think through difficult situations , ” Luntok said .
But Luntok said what stood out the most for him was the manner in which Sandoval died .
“ As a Company Commander , he has so many people to order to rescue Corporal Mante . I believe he did what he did to save all his troops . If he forced them to go down , more would die , ” he said . “ So he decided to save Mante . ”
Luntok paused . “ I 've seen and heard heroic deeds in my years . Many had no choice but to fight because they were cornered . Rommel had a choice . ”
The love of his life
That choice he made that day , constantly chipped at the mind of Sandoval 's wife , Ani .
`` Did he not think of me when he made that choice ? Why did this happen ? Dalawa na lang nga kami eh ( It 's just the two of us . ) Why him ? He was such a good person . ''
Those who knew Sandoval said Ani was the love of his life . He said it as much in a love letter , displayed at the wake : `` I love you so much . I hope I say it often enough , '' it read . `` You are my everything . ''
They were together for 14 years , 7 of those married . In her eulogy , Ani described her decade and a half with him as “ the best years of my life . ”
On the morning he died , Ani said she received a text at 6:47 am . “ Good morning B. Trabaho muna ( Off to work ) . We will get the Landbank today . ”
And that was it , that was all .
“ You would n't be 1 % worried if you received that text , ” Ani said . She said she had not a single premonition of her husband 's fate . Those were Sandoval 's last words to his wife .
Ani said throughout their relationship , she was spared details by her husband . The text that morning , had been the most detailed he ever got in telling her of a mission . “ He never let me worry that he was in danger , ” she said .
But when she received the call , she said she knew .
“ When Lieutenant Colonel Luntok called and he introduced himself as Rommel 's Battalion Commander , I already knew . ”
Ani said she prayed and banked on the 1 % chance that her husband was anything but dead . “ Lord , kahit putulin mo na lahat , buhayin mo lang siya ( Lord , take all his limbs . Just please keep him alive ) , ” she said .
Ani described her husband as extraordinarily giving and generous . He was a loving , faithful husband . He found joy in the simplest of things . “ He simplified my life . ”
“ As a son , as a brother , he was really selfless . Especially to me , ” she said . “ I have nothing negative to say about him . ”
They had made many plans . He was coming home in October , she said , for their first trip abroad together . They had been looking forward to it for months . She had downloaded all his favorite television series , and waited to watch the latest season of Game of Thrones with him , because she wanted all her firsts to be with him . She was counting the days until he would finally be back .
But it just was n't meant to be .
“ I reminded myself he was never mine to begin with . He reminded me it was always God , country , and the rest follows , ” Ani said .
“ I 'm giving him back to the Lord . I thank the Lord He gave me a very good man . ”
Goodbye
Before Luntok delivered his eulogy , he looked towards Ani , and Sandoval 's sister , Joyce .
“ Ani and Joyce , I am sorry . I am sorry I could n't bring him back alive . ”
The pain in his voice was tangible and raw , like everyone 's who spoke of their time with Sandoval .
“ When we lost Rommel , I felt I lost a limb . The night before he died , I looked at him on a sofa , talking to Ani on the phone . I thought then , ‘ What would happen to us if we lost Rommel ? ' Maybe I had a premonition that night . I just ignored it , ” he said .
“ I failed to bring home Rommel . He made sure his men could make it home alive . Nothing beats that as a Company Commander . ”
Lieutenant General Carlito Galvez III , Sandoval 's mentor at the PMA and the Commander of the Western Mindanao Command , said Rommel “ could 've been one of the best leaders of his time . ”
Galvez said the night before the mission to take over Landbank , he could n't sleep . “ There were more than 26 terrorists . 3-7 was hard enough . ”
The next day , he was overwhelmed by grief with the news of his former student 's death . “ I make a report every night for President Duterte . That night , when I had to report Sandoval 's death , I could n't control my tears . ”
He said that whenever he saw Sandoval on the battlefield , Sandoval would give him a salute . He said his order for his former students was to stay alive .
“ Sir , your order to stay alive is complied with , sir. ” Sandoval told Galvez when he last saw him .
As if relieving him of his order , Galvez bid farewell : “ Goodbye Rommel , you may rest in peace . ”
Ventura also bid goodbye to their leader in behalf of the rest of his troops . He said he felt lucky to have had worked under Sandoval , and that his concern for his men is what he would remember the most about his Company Commander .
“ He never wanted any of us injured . That 's what he always emphasized . I idolized him , ” he said . “ 'Walang iwanan ( no leaving anyone behind ) , ' he always said that . We were confident to jump off because we knew he was there . ”
Turning toward Sandoval 's coffin , Ventura said , “ Your troops are so proud of you . Even when you did n't say it , we knew how much you cared for us . ”
Ventura said Sandoval 's dream was for the war to end with none of his troops dead . “ We will ensure your dream comes true . ”
Aside from Sandoval , the 11th Scout Ranger Company remains to be the only company that has not lost a single soldier to this day , just as he promised . – Rappler.com
Now with the Val-Walo testing done with I started to jump head first into the two Sinanju builds and man did I not know what I was getting into when I bought two of these .
As I was building this I really started to understand all the years of praise I have been hearing about this kit , it 's super detailed inside and out , has a bunch of accessories , and it 's even bigger than I anticipated .
The only unforeseen downsides were that it did have some seamlines , some of the articulation in the frame was cut down by the armor , and this thing is also somewhat back heavy .
One other unforeseen thing that I should have expected was just the amount of pieces this model has . It has probably more pieces than any other Master Grade I have ever built , and considering I plan to do two of them back to back the ordeal started to lessen my motivation slowing the build down .
Eventually though I finished with the snap fit and filled in the fuel tank seams .
Once washing and drying were done I started on the gray pieces priming and painting a section of them with plamo color gloss black . Considering there were so many pieces I had to break them up into sections . So I took this opportunity and decided to paint them in different shades and colors . Started off with Alclad 2 Jet Exhaust but ran into a problem , it was way too dark . To rectify this I quickly sprayed them with a light coat of chrome then a light coat of jet exhaust .
The two spoons to the left are Alclad Jet exhaust compared to Alclad Steel on the right .
Afterwards I just went ahead and painted the rest in Alclad steel .
Still have a lot of inner frame and weapon parts to go .
`` We 're very sorry Ms. Stewart and her little boy had such an unpleasant experience . Of course , without seeing the material , we can only surmise , but we believe what she 's identified as a worm may actually be mold . Since our Capri Sun products are made without preservatives -- a fact many moms like -- if there 's even a small hole in a pouch and air gets into it , mold similar to common bread mold can form . This is why we advise on the side of the box to discard any leaking pouches .
We do know that , among the many , many millions of pouches we sell each year , this has occasionally happened to others , and , when we 've been able to examine the material , it has , in fact , turned out to be mold , not worms .
With regard to Ms. Stewart 's call to us , before our representative could ask her to send us the pouch in question , Ms. Stewart disconnected the call . However , we will ask one of our executive consumer representatives to call her . ''
Starting July 1 , new laws go into effect in Virginia , Maryland and the District .
WASHINGTON — Starting July 1 , new laws go into effect in Virginia , Maryland and the District . The regulations include rules about social media , drones , transportation , and wages .
In Virginia :
Employers can not require workers or job applicants to disclose their social media usernames or passwords . They ca n't force employees to friend them on Facebook either .
Police must obtain a warrant before using drones in an investigation .
Uber , Lyft and other transportation network companies must conduct criminal and sex offender background checks on all drivers , including a driving history report . The ride-sharing companies also must pay a $ 100,000 licensing fee up front and $ 60,000 annually to renew their licenses .
Colleges must report sexual violence to law enforcement when an investigation begins and make a note on the transcripts of students who are suspended or expelled for those crimes .
VRE fares are higher . Some riders will pay up to 45 cents more per trip .
Drivers can cross the double yellow lines to pass pedestrians and cyclists . But drivers can get a ticket for following bicycles , motorized wheelchairs or other non-cars too closely .
Virginia now grants civil immunity to anyone who breaks into a car to help save a child as long as the person has tried to call 911 .
Mothers can now breast-feed in public .
Restaurants will now be required to follow training standards on food allergy awareness and safety .
Veterans can get credit for military training courses that relate to their college coursework requirements .
In Maryland :
• Drivers will pay lower tolls on state roads and bridges . The $ 6 cash toll to cross the Bay Bridge will drop to $ 4 . The discount for E-Zpass holders will increase from 10 percent to 25 percent for the Baltimore Harbor and Fort McHenry tunnels , the Francis Scott Key Bridge and the Thomas J. Hatem Memorial Bridge .
• The so-called “ rain tax ” has been repealed .
• The gas tax will increase from 2 percent to 3 percent , about 2 cents per gallon more .
• The state will study the risks and benefits of drones .
• Ridesharing companies like Uber will be regulated by the Maryland Public Service Commission . Drivers will be required to be fingerprinted .
• The minimum wage increases to $ 8.25 from $ 8 . It is set to go up again to $ 8.75 in 2016 and $ 9.25 in 2017 . It is scheduled to reach $ 10.10 in 2018 .
• MTA commuter bus routes expands in Prince George 's County , Anne Arundel County and the District .
In D.C. :
• The minimum wage becomes one of the highest in the nation : $ 10.50 . Next July , it will rise to $ 11.50 .
WTOP 's Max Smith contributed to this report .
Follow @ WTOP on Twitter and WTOP on Facebook .
© 2015 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
Most Still Oppose Government Prosecution of Global Warming Critics
Attorneys general in 15 states are attempting to prosecute corporations and individuals that they believe are misleading the public about global warming . Their action which critics claim is a violation of freedom of speech has prompted a congressional investigation . Most voters continue to believe the scientific debate about global warming is not over and oppose government action against those who question it .
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone and online survey finds that 69 % of Likely U.S . Voters oppose the government investigating and prosecuting scientists and others including major corporations who question global warming . Just 15 % favor such investigations , while just as many ( 16 % ) are undecided . ( To see survey question wording , click here . )
( Want a free daily e-mail update ? If it 's in the news , it 's in our polls ) . Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook .
The survey of 1,000 Likely Voters was conducted on August 3-4 by Rasmussen Reports . The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95 % level of confidence . Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research , LLC . See methodology .
OR
The rhinoceros is one of Africa 's iconic animals , but greed and corruption , myth and superstition have brought the rhino to the brink of extinction . For millenia its best protection , the rhino 's horn has become its worst enemy .
Rhino horn is now worth more than gold and demand for it is at an all-time high . South Africa , which has the largest reserves of the wild animal , is a prime hunting ground for poachers . In 2010 , South Africa lost 333 rhinos to poaching and this number is expected to double in 2012 .
In a personal journey , Al Jazeera 's Jonah Hull encounters greed , ignorance and corruption - highlighting how South Africa became the epicentre of rhino poaching . What caused the global epidemic and how does it threaten the survival of a species ?
CORRESPONDENT 'S VIEW
By Jonah Hull
Jonah Hull examines why a dramatic surge in poaching is pushing rhinos towards extinction [ Al Jazeera ]
The winter of 2010 brought the kind of South African weather no visitor expects . It was bitterly cold . People came in their hundreds of thousands anyway , defying the scary crime statistics , resisting the media 's foreboding .
They came for football , or ‘ soccer ' as South Africans know it . This was , after all , the World Cup .
I was thrilled to be sent home for the occasion , to join Al Jazeera 's reporting teams in South Africa . I did not particularly mind that our brief was to look for stories of organisational chaos and disaster , half-filled stadiums , mugged and murdered foreign fans . I just hoped none of it would happen .
In the end , the World Cup was all about the sport , and as joyful a fact as that was for my country , the uneventful excitement of it all became a dull talking point on air .
We scratched around for something more interesting to report .
That was when I heard about the Tugela Valley rhinoceros and her appalling disfigurement .
The Last Rhino tells the story of a rhino cow attacked by poachers who come by helicopter . They dart her from the air with a powerful tranquiliser , a drug three thousand times more powerful than morphine .
As she succumbs to deep sedation , they take a chainsaw to her face . The machine 's sharp teeth tear into her skull , removing her nasal cavities , exposing parts of her brain . She remains asleep , but very much alive .
The horn is removed and they are gone . It will be sold to a middle man for a small fortune ; the cow will be left to die . Her calf , just months old , has fled in terror . It will run for days . Then , unable to find its mother but following another primal scent , it drops dead from exhaustion on the same spot where its life began , drawn there by the still-lingering smell of its own birth .
Remarkably , the cow survives .
She is the only known survivor of such an attack , but her wounds mean she will face a difficult future , deprived of a rhino 's acute sense of smell , and with no horn for protection .
In 2010 , as I discovered , attacks like this were happening all the time .
Somewhere in South Africa , a rhino dies in savage , agonising circumstances almost every day , slaughtered for horns that have no proven use or worth outside the traditional medicine markets of Asia . Over there , rhino horn that has been valued for centuries as a cure for headaches , is now believed to cure cancer .
Here , in the dust of Africa , it is a substance with the same chemical composition as human fingernail .
On the black market , rhino horn is worth more than gold .
Under threat
Dr Ian Player : ' A rhino war '
More than two years later , the killing has almost doubled , despite the efforts of conservationists , the police , the South African courts and even the national army .
Not for the first time , this magnificent , ancient creature is under threat . The Last Rhino tells the story of efforts to save the species , all over again .
Fifty years ago , the white rhino species was brought back from the brink of extinction by a team of game rangers , led by Dr Ian Player . Today , in his mid-eighties , Dr Player fears the rhinos might go the way of the dinosaurs .
The narrative is a simple one : A wilderness species under threat because of humanity 's greed and its baseless beliefs . It is easy to be outraged by the savage methods , the fickleness , the official complicity and inaction .
I am no bunny-hugger , nor for me the protests of Greenpeace - my profession has made me sanguine , if not cynical . However , I do feel a sense of betrayal on behalf of the rhino , wandering the earth since prehistory , a humble , discrete vegetarian , unthreatened and unthreatening .
Until one day man becomes its only predator : The poachers and breeders , the rhino horn dealers , the purveyors of false hope combing the hospital wards of Vietnam toting a cure for cancer in a cup of powdered fingernail dissolved in water .
Dr Joseph Okori , WWF : Tracing the poachers
I was born , and grew up , in Africa . I feel I will always be more African than anything else . I cherish the quality that Africa holds closest to its heart – its exquisite , unforgiving , enduring wildness – and I want my child , and my child 's children to cherish it too .
Obscurely , the poachers understand it . Most are Africans , dirt poor , illiterate and , like the rhino , trying to survive the continent 's harsh rhythms . Those who sell rhino horn on , and buy it , do not .
The Last Rhino begins with a mother 's improbable survival and ends with her giving birth . Amid tragedy , a calf is born . Life continues . But if there is an uplifting end to the rhinos ' story , then it has yet to be written .
As filmmaker Clifford Bestall and I travelled through South Africa and Mozambique for seventeen days in May , our own mothers were with us in spirit just as that Tugela Valley rhino mother - the cow known as Thembi – became central to our story .
Back in Johannesburg , Clifford 's elderly mother , Anna , had fallen victim to credit card fraud . He was on the phone to her often , soothing her confusion , talking to the police , promising to visit as soon as we returned .
Also in Johannesburg , my mother , Heidi , staunchly supported our project . Ever a wise and constant sounding board , she was even called upon to book last minute accommodation for us on the road . We brought her carved wooden chickens from the Blyde River gorge to say thank you .
Since May , we have lost both Heidi and Anna . Shortly before the film 's completion , we heard too that Thembi 's calf had died of pneumonia . The winter of 2012 , it turned out , was also an exceptionally cold one . Out of it has come a story underscored , for all of us , by sadness and loss .
Source : Al Jazeera
Dion Lewis will not be rusty when the Patriots begin their postseason in a few weeks .
The New England coaching staff has made sure of that .
Lewis , who debuted in Week 11 versus San Francisco , has seen his playing time increase over the past few weeks . And the Pats continue to feed Lewis the ball whenever he is on the field .
Consider this : A year ago , as a dynamic and important piece of the Patriots offense , Lewis carried the ball or was the target of a pass on 33.2 percent of his 298 offensive snaps .
In 2016 , he has taken a handoff or been the target of a pass on a staggering 55.1 percent of his snaps . That number compares favorably to some of the league 's true workhorse running backs .
Le'Veon Bell : 355 rush attempts/targets on 781 snaps ( 45.4 percent )
David Johnson : 404 rush attempts/targets on 949 snaps ( 42.5 percent )
Ezekiel Elliot : 362 rush attempts/targets on 716 snaps ( 50.5 percent )
DeMarco Murray : 348 rush attempts/targets on 828 snaps ( 42 percent )
LeSean McCoy : 285 rush attempts/targets on 631 snaps ( 45.2 percent )
Interestingly , LeGarrette Blount actually has a higher touch/snap ratio , seeing the ball on 58 percent of his snaps .
This is somewhat unsurprising , though . Blount is a one-dimensional back who does not play in passing situations . For Lewis , who is capable on all three downs and is often on the field when the Pats throw , 55.1 percent is awfully high .
Perhaps the Patriots have decided to feed Lewis the ball to ensure that his body is ready to touch the ball 20+ times in a playoff game if called upon .
`` I think any time a player is coming back from missing a significant amount of time , there 's a certain buildup process , '' Patriots coach Bill Belichick said in reference to Lewis prior to his Week 11 debut . `` Sometimes that accelerates , sometimes it does n't , sometimes it just stays on a straight line course . It 's hard to predict how that 's going to go . There 's a big difference between training and playing football . You can run around a track , run up and down a hill , do 10,000 pushups and all of that . I mean , that 's great , but that 's not being out there with 21 other guys playing football . Football is football . ''
Perhaps the Patriots have relied heavily on Lewis simply because he is one of their best players . Against Denver , in one of the biggest games of the year , the Pats trusted Lewis with 18 carries . He produced a career-high 95 yards , most of which were generated on tough , between-the-tackles runs .
In the past two weeks , the 5-foot-8 , 195-pound Lewis has been used primarily as an early down back , carrying 34 times while seeing just four targets in the passing game .
After shouldering significant workloads in back-to-back games , Lewis ' role versus the Dolphins in Week 17 could be reduced as the Pats await the playoffs .
Matthew Rozsa explains that fewer people are watching the Democratic presidential debates – by design .
—
The most recent Democratic presidential debate was the lowest rated of the six held by either party this election cycle , drawing in only 8.55 million viewers . This may seem like bad news for the Democrats , but the truth is actually more disturbing – in all likelihood , they planned it this way .
We can start our analysis with the day on which it was held . As Alvin Chang of Vox explained in a recent article , only seven of the 100 debates held since the 2000 presidential election cycle were held on a Saturday . All of those took place during the primaries , after the voters had already been introduced to and at least partially cast judgment on the wider field of candidates . “ TV ratings are generally lower on Friday and Saturday , which probably explains why there has never been a general election debate on a Saturday night , ” Chang points out . He adds that Thursday seems to be prime real estate when it comes to attracting TV audiences—a detail the Republican National Committee noticed when scheduling its series of debates .
This works to the disadvantage of candidates who lack name recognition ; 38 percent of voters , for example , reported that they do n't know enough about Bernie Sanders to formulate a favorable or unfavorable opinion of him . Nevertheless , the Democrats actually have a second upcoming debate that was scheduled for a Saturday , falling exactly six days before Christmas .
Do n't like ads ? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
If you 're wondering who would benefit from such a plan , bear in mind that the Democratic establishment has also been criticized for acquiescing to the Clinton campaign 's private lobbying for there to be as few debates as possible leading up to the primaries . To be fair , the Clinton campaign was n't alone in doing this , as both the Democratic and Republican National Committees decided to reduce the number of debates as a way of minimizing interparty drama . “ I think a traveling circus of debates is insanity in this party , ” RNC chairman Reince Priebus argued at the time . “ We 're proposing to have fewer than 10 , and this time around , we 're going to pick the moderators. ” This view was echoed by DNC chairwoman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , who has commented that “ no matter what we decided , there would be individuals who would be unhappy . ”
These dismissals have n't stopped both rival Democrats and the media from asking questions . On the day of the previous Democratic debate last month , Schultz spent most of the build-up time deflecting queries about her scheduling decisions , while rival candidates like former governor Martin O'Malley of Maryland overtly accused the schedule of being “ rigged ” by Clinton supporters . Although there is no proof that the Clinton campaign used its influence in any unethical way to achieve this result , as the frontrunner she stands to benefit most from a debating schedule that limits voter exposure to possible alternatives .
Making matters worse , the primary schedule itself has been compressed to an unprecedented degree , with more than half of all primary voters casting their ballots in the first two weeks of March . Because only four debates will have occurred before the first primary is held ( and only two more will take place after that ) , this significantly diminishes the impact that any of those debates can have on the outcome of the primaries .
There is little question that , between Clinton and Sanders , members of the Democratic Party establishment would overwhelmingly prefer Clinton . While many Democrats share Sanders ' ideals , he is regarded by party leaders as practically unelectable due to his outspoken association with the far left . Clinton also benefits from the aura of inevitability that caused her to be widely regarded the national Democratic frontrunner for 2016 almost as soon as Barack Obama had been reelected in 2012 . This assumption has , perhaps , caused the party apparatus to become complacent in how it conducts its primaries this year .
Regardless of the conventional wisdom regarding next year 's presidential election , though , the party 's voters should always be given as much of an opportunity as possible to pick the candidate they believe will be strongest .
Although conventional wisdom dictates that a self-proclaimed “ democratic socialist ” like Sanders is inherently unelectable , polls have actually found him outperforming Clinton against their potential Republican rivals . At the same time , despite being widely written off as an also ran , O'Malley has a solid case for his candidacy based on his substantive record of accomplishment as governor of Maryland ( including abolishing the death penalty , passing gun control reforms , legalizing same-sex marriage , and raising the minimum wage ) .
This does n't mean that Sanders or O'Malley should automatically be preferred over Clinton , but it does suggest that there are practical reasons for all three candidates having a fair shot before the electorate . A candidate 's experience does n't inherently qualify him or her for the presidency , but the resume is an important variable in putting them up on that stage in the first place . If nothing else , it entitles them to the right to be taken as seriously as the other Democratic options until they say or do something to discredit themselves or , conversely , to recommend themselves . Unfortunately , all the Democrats besides Clinton have been systematically denied this opportunity by a debate schedule that serves to limit their media exposure .
Do n't like ads ? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
Regardless of the merits of the individual candidates in question , though , the big loser in the current debating schedule is small ‘ d ' democracy itself . On the Republican side , we have seen democracy cheapened by the sickening spectacles of race-baiting , rhetorical extremism , and the rise of Donald Trump 's cult of personality . By contrast , the Democrats seem to have gone to the other extreme , working so hard to avoid potentially embarrassingly drama that they have squelched healthy competition entirely . As Clinton continues her march toward a seemingly inevitable nomination , it remains to be seen whether any candidate , issue , or controversy will ultimately emerge to shake up the Democratic race . One thing is clear , though : If Clinton wins the nomination primarily because Democrats were n't adequately informed about their choices , the voters will have lost .
—
Cybersecurity
Pentagon purges HTML from .mil emails
The Pentagon is tightening the screws on its campaign to improve email security . A department-wide policy will soon be in effect to render Web links unclickable in emails to .mil addresses , Richard Hale , DOD deputy CIO for cybersecurity , told FCW . The move adds an extra layer of security to anti-phishing measures already in place at the Pentagon .
The new policy , which was coordinated between Hale 's office and U.S. Cyber Command , has been rolled out gradually and is already in place for much of the .mil domain , Hale said . For at least some users , outside emails are being flagged in the subject line as coming from a `` Non-DOD Source . ''
Hale told FCW that after reviewing a series of anti-phishing measures already in place , officials decided that a more stringent approach was needed . `` For years we have had an email policy that says we will not render HTML email , '' he said , but certain email clients still include active links in their emails .
The solution , Hale said , was to , `` deactivate the links more actively in the mail system before it gets to an end user by adding a little extra into the link that says , 'Caution , ' '' E-mail users can still paste the link into a Web browser , he noted , `` but we do n't want that link to be active in [ an ] email and have someone click on it before they 've thought through '' the security implications . ''
The rollout of the extra anti-phishing measure is part of series of initiatives begun in September by a Pentagon cyber office known as Joint Force Headquarters DOD Information Networks , a subordinate command to Cyber Command .
`` JFHQ DODIN provided direction to all DOD components to implement initiatives to further harden the DOD information environment , which included improving end-point security system standards , '' a Cyber Command spokesperson said in a statement . `` Along with these initiatives , efforts to harden the DODIN 's defenses are always ongoing . ''
Officials like Deputy Secretary Robert Work have said that a great majority of intrusions into Pentagon networks are the result of the kind of human error that is exploited in phishing attacks , in which seemingly trustworthy e-mail links are used as attack vectors to hijack user computers , install malware or steal credentials .
DOD CIO Terry Halvorsen has therefore made clamping down on phishing a priority during his tenure . In March , Halvorsen issued a memo warning about potential phishing attacks on defense personnel through third-party social media accounts .
`` Phishing continues to be successful because attackers do more research , evolve their tactics and seek out easy prey , '' that memo states . `` We need to arm ourselves and our families with the defensive skills and knowledge to protect them from being victimized by a phishing email , computer or phone scam . ''
The new anti-phishing policy will have consequences for marketers and media ( including FCW ) trying to reach audiences behind the dot-mil screen . FCW and its sister publications already offer plain-text versions of their email newsletters , and have taken additional steps to make those messages user-friendly for newly restricted DOD recipients .
`` Countering phishing is one of our big current problems and we are trying everything we can to both counter phishing in the technology part of our infrastructure and educate our users on what safe behavior is , '' Hale told FCW .
BERKELEY – Name a record and there is a chance it fell Thursday afternoon as No . 20 California routed UCLA , 7-0 , at Edwards Stadium in what was the biggest conference victory in California history .
Pac-12 Player of the Year candidate and potential All-American Arielle Ship scored her second hat trick of the season and added an assist for good measure to lead the Golden Bear ( 13-4-2 , 6-3-0 Pac-12 ) attack to the seven-goal victory , matching the 1991 squad that earned a 7-0 win against Oregon State on Sept. 21 , 1991 for the biggest conference win .
Sophomore Emily Boyd etched her name in the Cal record book by earning her 11th shutout of the season , matching the California single-season mark that was last set in 1996 by Karen Cook . Boyd also improved to a perfect 3-for-3 against penalty kicks this season after UCLA 's Annie Alvarado missed her attempt in the 59th minute .
The victory was also Cal 's first over the Bruins ( 8-8-1 , 4-4-1 Pac-12 ) since the 2004 season as Cal used a relentless second-half scoring attack to break open a game that was a close 1-0 lead at halftime .
California opened a tight first half with Ship 's goal at 40:40 that was assisted by Karly Graf , the senior defender who has now had a hand in each of Cal 's last two game-winning goals .
The Bears jumped out quickly in the second half when a cross by Heather Walleigh deflected off the foot of UCLA defender Reema Bzeih into the net for an own goal at 48:08 . From that point on the floodgates opened with the Bears did not let 10 minutes go between goals for their next five tallies .
Ifeoma Onumonu earned her third of the season with an assist from Ship in the 51st . Ship then added her second of the game after forcing a turnover in the attacking third and calmly sending it past the keeper to make it 4-0 California in the 61st .
Ship completed the hat trick in the 67th after a shot by Walleigh was saved directly into Ship 's path for an easy strike .
“ We moved the ball well , ” Ship said of what worked for the Bears . “ We were patient and really stepped on the gas the second half scoring-wise . We just kept pushing and kept going for more . ”
Celeste Boureille added another in the 76th with assists from Walleigh and Lynsey Hromatko , and Walleigh was rewarded for her outstanding play with her first career goal in the 77th for the 7-0 victory .
“ This was one of our first games that everything clicked and we had it going , ” Walleigh said . “ It was really awesome to score the seventh goal . I celebrated like it was the World Cup . It was just such a good feeling . ”
California plays USC this Sunday in what will be Senior Day at Edwards Stadium . The Bears and Trojans kickoff at 1pm on the Pac-12 Networks , but fans are encouraged to arrive early to help honor the careers of the Golden Bear seniors .
Goal Summary
40:40 , Cal – Arielle Ship ( Karly Graf ) – Thru ball by Graf , slotted far corner
48:08 , Cal – OWN GOAL ( ASSIST ) – Cross from left flank , deflection by UCLA 's Reema Bzeih
50:37 , Cal – Ifeoma Onumonu ( Arielle Ship ) – Fed from # 10 into center of the box
60:45 , Cal – Arielle Ship ( - ) – Turnover and one-touch shot by # 10
66:37 , Cal – Arielle Ship ( Heather Walleigh ) – Rebounded from Walleigh 's shot
75:10 , Cal – Celeste Boureille ( Heather Walleigh , Lynsey Hromatko ) – Sturck near the top of the '18
76:43 , Cal – Heather Walleigh ( - ) – Slotted past GK from the left flank
News & Notes
● The 7-0 win matches the largest conference victory in program history . Cal also earned a 7-0 win against Oregon State on Sept. 21 , 1991
● Emily Boyd matches the California single-season record with her 11th shutout of the year . Boyd now shares the record with Karen Cook who set the mark in the 1996 season .
● Emily Boyd is now a perfect 3-for-3 against penalty kicks after UCLA 's Annie Alvarado missed her attempt Thursday . It was the second consecutive game that the opposing team missed a penalty kick against Boyd
● California first win against UCLA since taking a 1-0 overtime victory in Los Angeles on Oct. 24 , 2004 .
● Arielle Ship notched her second hat trick of the season and finished the day with seven points – three goals and one assist
● Arielle Ship is just the fourth Golden Bear to net two hat tricks in the same season – it was also achieved by Alex Morgan in 2010 , Laura Schott in 2000 and Joy Biefeld in 1987 .
● Arielle Ship 's 7-point game goes down as the third-best single-game performance in Cal history alongside the 7-point outings from Kaitlyn Fitzpatrick ( vs USC , 10/28/11 ) , Laura Schott ( vs Arizona , 11/8/02 ) , Joy Biefeld ( vs UC Davis , 10/4/89 ) and Tucka Healy ( vs Long Beach State , 9/5/85 )
● Arielle Ship moves to No . 7 on the California all-time single-season goals list with 14 on the year
● Arielle Ship is the first Golden Bear to earn 30 points in a season since Alex Morgan did so in 2010
● Karly Graf has now had a hand in the game-winning goal in each of Cal 's last two games , scoring the game-winner at Washington State and assisting the game-winner against UCLA
● Heather Walleigh earned her first career goal and tallied a four-point game with two assists as well
● Lynsey Hromatko earned her second assist of the season
On The Horizon
California plays USC this Sunday in what will be Senior Day at Edwards Stadium . The Bears and Trojans kickoff at 1pm on the Pac-12 Networks , but fans are encouraged to arrive early to help honor the careers of the Golden Bear seniors .
ABC
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said this morning on `` This Week '' that presumptive GOP nominee for president Mitt Romney should `` stop whining '' about attacks on his Bain record and just defend himself .
`` What are you going to do when the Chinese leader says something to you or Putin says something to you ? '' said Emanuel . `` I give him his own advice . 'Stop whining . ' Defend - if you want to claim Bain Capital as your calling card to the White House , then defend what happened to Bain Capital . ''
Emanuel was defending Obama deputy campaign manager Stephanie Cutter for suggesting that Romney might have committed a felony for claiming in his presidential financial disclosure form that he did not have an active role at Bain after February 11 , 1999 , despite maintaining formal titles and having signed SEC documents on behalf of the company after he said his active role ended .
`` He said 'CEO , sole shareholder , president . ' You ca n't - as president of the United States you ca n't have a sign on your desk that says , gone fishing . ' You ca n't put that on that desk . It 's basically the buck stops there , '' said Emanuel . `` You ca n't say to the SEC , ' I was the CEO , chairman and president , but I 'm not responsible . I 'm not accountable . ' ''
The Boston Globe , citing SEC papers , reported that presumptive GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney was the `` sole stockholder , chairman of the board , chief executive officer , and president '' of Bain Capital until 2002 . The report seemed to conflict with what Mitt Romney has said in the past about his departure date from private equity firm , which Romney has said was in February of 1999 , when he left to take over running the Winter Olympic Games in Utah . On Friday , Romney reaffirmed his position , when he told ABC News ' Jonathan Karl that he `` left any responsibility whatsoever , any effort , any involvement whatsoever in the management of Bain Capital after February of 1999 . ''
Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-N.H. appeared on `` This Week '' following Emanuel and slammed President Obama for his campaign 's attacks on Romney and stressed that Romney has already sufficiently addressed his Bain history .
`` What 's most disappointing about this is the president , who ran as an inspirational leader , look where we are with him right now , '' she said . `` Unfortunately , with these attacks , it shows that he 's just a small politician and running on small-ball politics at a time when our country is facing grave , grave challenges . ''
Ayotte also chided Obama for the American economy 's poor performance during his time as president .
`` The economy and jobs are going to decide this election , and his record on that is abysmal . We 've had over 40 straight months of over 8 percent unemployment , dismal jobs reports , and his policies have been a failure when it comes to turning our economy around , '' she said .
In recent weeks Mitt Romney has come under intense criticism for his personal finances . Last week on `` This Week , '' Governor Martin O'Malley told Terry Moran that Romney `` bet against America '' when he put his money in Swiss bank accounts and tax havens and shelters . '' David Axelrod , a senior campaign strategist for the Obama campaign , jumped on the reports and said Mitt Romney may be `` the most secretive candidate that we 've seen , frankly , since Richard Nixon . ''
Like `` This Week '' on Facebook here . You can also follow the show on Twitter here .
The real-life owners of the Pennsylvania house that served as Buffalo Bill 's lair in Silence Of The Lambs put their home up for sale last summer in an effort to simplify their lives . ( There 's also a distinct possibility that they got tired of passersby asking to borrow some lotion or to check out their sweet basement pit . ) But the house 's remote location , while presumably appealing to someone with nefarious plans , has put off most serious , non-homicidal buyers . The asking price has been lowered to $ 249,000 , but there 's still only one organization that 's offered to take the house off the couple 's hands : According to NBC News , PETA has expressed interest in turning the building into an animal “ empathy museum . ”
PETA 's executive vice president Tracy Reiman sent a letter to the real estate agent overseeing the sale of the house , indicating the group 's desire to “ [ t ] urn [ ing ] The Silence Of The Lambs house into an empathy museum for these victims would serve as a way to point out that all animals are made of flesh , blood , and bone. ” In a press release promoting its letter and plans , PETA announced that one of the planned activities for the empathy museum would involve putting animal skins on visitors to remind them “ that animals also are ‘ made of flesh , blood and bone'. ” PETA did n't comment on having seemingly taken inspiration in this case from the film 's villain instead of its hero who , as a child , made a desperate attempt to save a lamb from slaughter , so perhaps a movie night is in order .
Let 's add it to the list of things not to bring to a gunfight – brass knuckles .
The family of 44-year-old Christopher Dennison is speaking out after he was killed by a homeowner whose home he broke into .
According to WGME ,
“ He did n't deserve to die , ” said his wife Cherie Thibault . “ I know he should n't have done what he did , but he did it for us . ”
They say Dennison was n't there to kill anyone or steal anything , he was simply hired by a third party to go scare or beat up the homeowner to get him to pay an outstanding debt . Yeah . That 's all .
Also from WGME ,
“ This guy approached him on going to scare , possibly beat , up , not kill somebody , and he would pay him , and pay him quite a bit of money , ” she explained . “ I know it 's not legal , it 's not right ”
When Dennison went to the home and burst through the front door around 8pm , he was confronted by the homeowner , who was armed . Dennison , wearing a black ski mask at the time , was shot several times by the homeowner . Dennison died of his injuries .
The homeowner 's lawyer says this is a clear-cut case of self defense and the homeowner was simply trying to protect himself and his teenage son , who was also home at the time .
The United Nations announced it had declared the humanitarian crisis in Iraq to be the highest level of emergency , while clashes between Iraqi troops and Sunni militants west of Baghdad killed at least four children Thursday .
The U.N. on Wednesday declared the situation in Iraq a `` Level 3 Emergency '' -- a development that will trigger additional goods , funds and assets to respond to the needs of the displaced , said U.N. special representative Nickolay Mladenov , pointing to the `` scale and complexity of the current humanitarian catastrophe . ''
The U.N. Security Council also said it was backing a newly nominated premier-designate in the hope that he can swiftly form an `` inclusive government '' that could counter the insurgent threat , which has plunged Iraq into its worst crisis since the U.S. troop withdrawal in 2011 .
Since sweeping across northern and western Iraq from its base in Syria in early June , the Islamic State militant group , formerly known as ISIS , has driven hundreds of thousands from their homes . Among those who have been displaced are the minority Christian and Yazidi religious communities , while the militants have also threatened Iraqi Kurds in the Kurdish autonomous region in the north .
Tens of thousands of Yazidis have fled the Islamic State group 's advance to take refuge in the remote desert Sinjar mountain range .
The U.S. and Iraqi military have dropped food and water supplies , and in recent days Kurds from neighboring Syria battled to open a corridor to the mountain , allowing some 45,000 to escape .
Two U.S. officials told The Associated Press Thursday that roughly 4,500 people remain atop the mountain , and nearly half are herders who lived there before the siege and have no interest in being evacuated .
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were n't authorized to speak publicly .
As for the Yazidis who remain on the mountain , Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Admiral John Kirby said late Wednesday that a team of military personnel had `` assessed that there are far fewer Yazidis there than previously feared '' and those who remain are `` in better condition than previously believed and continue to have access to the food and water we dropped . ''
As a result , Kirby said , officials had `` determined that an evacuation mission is far less likely . ''
The U.N. said it would provide increased support to those who have escaped Sinjar and to 400,000 other Iraqis who have fled since June to the Kurdish province of Dahuk . Others have fled to other parts of the Kurdish region or further south .
A total of 1.5 million have been displaced by the fighting since the insurgents captured Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul , in June and quickly swept over other parts of the country .
Fighting erupted early on Thursday in the militant-held city of Fallujah , about 40 miles west of Baghdad . The clashes on the city 's northern outskirts killed four children , along with a woman and at least 10 militants , said Fallujah hospital director Ahmed Shami . He had no further details on clashes , beyond saying that four other children and another woman were wounded in the violence .
It was difficult to gauge the situation in Fallujah , which has been in the hands of the Islamic State since early January , when the militants seized much of the Western Anbar province along with parts of the provincial capital of Ramadi .
The United States has been carrying out airstrikes in recent days against Islamic State fighters , helping fend back their advance on Kurdish regions .
Meanwhile , Iraq 's central government in Baghdad continued to be mired in political turmoil , after the president nominated a Shiite politician , Haider al-Abadi , to form the next government , putting him on track to replace embattled Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki .
Al-Maliki on Wednesday said he will not relinquish power until a federal court rules on what he called a `` constitutional violation '' by President Fouad Massoum .
Al-Maliki insists he should have a third term in office but he is appearing increasingly isolated as the international community lines up behind al-Abadi , who has 30 days to come up with a proposal for a Cabinet .
The U.N. Security Council urged al-Abadi to work swiftly to form `` an inclusive government that represents all segments of the Iraqi population and that contributes to finding a viable and sustainable solution to the country 's current challenges . ''
In Morocco , police dismantled a nine-person cell recruiting volunteers to fight with Islamic State in Syria and Iraq , the Interior Ministry said in a statement Thursday .
The network was operating in the Mediterranean city of Tetouan , Fez and Fnideq , a small town near the Spanish enclave of Ceuta , raising funds and sending people to Syria and Iraq , the police said . A statement from the Spanish Interior Ministry , which was involved in the investigation , said the network also operated in its North African enclave of Ceuta .
While Morocco has experienced few terrorist attacks , it has become a fertile recruiting ground for jihadi networks , sending fighters to places like Syria and Mali with authorities finding new cells every few months .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Sanzarrugby.com takes a look at the fifteen players we think would make a team of the tournament so far , as The Rugby Championship enters its second travel bye for the 2013 season .
Without further delay , here is the side !
15 – Israel Folau ( Wallabies )
Israel Dagg has rediscovered his form in All Blacks colours , but the competition 's eye-catching fullback wears gold , and while many , including the man himself , want ‘ Izzy ' to get more ball , he grows with every outing , and in Perth showed his power potential when bursting through the Pumas defence . A hint for a midfield shift perhaps ?
14 – Ben Smith ( All Blacks )
Everything Smith touches turns to gold , now boasting the longest All Blacks contract – beyond even McCaw and Carter – while there appears to be no obvious weakness to his game . Brilliant under the high ball , sterling positional play and an ability to break the line almost at will . Cory Jane has a fight on his hands to regain this jumper .
13 – Conrad Smith ( All Blacks )
Watch him closely and it is very obvious why they call the man ‘ Snake ' . Despite a physique that is a throwback to the old days , he is unmatched in world rugby as a defensive midfielder , and has been a crucial leader in the World Champion 's backline despite changes to the navigators throughout the year . He is heading for a well-deserved extended break at year 's end – forcing the search for the next New Zealand centre .
12 – Jean de Villiers ( Springboks )
A gentleman amongst a team of bruisers , de Villiers has wrestled the crown as the best 12 in the game off Ma ' a Nonu , whose penchant for penalties seems to have raised its head again . Silky on attack and unable to be shifted in the tackle , the most capped South African centre looks to have ‘ McCaw status ' in the Republic , and is likely to be managed through to the next World Cup .
11 – Julian Savea ( All Blacks )
The big man continues to be polished , and it is now unfair to force comparisons with Jonah Lomu considering how sublime Savea has become under the high ball . Such a heavy tackler that it is rare traffic runs down his alleyway , his real talent comes from how easily he beats defenders . How good could he become ?
10 – Nicolas Sanchez ( Pumas )
The All Blacks and Wallabies have n't used the same flyhalf throughout the tournament , while Morne Steyn has certainly looked the goods , even if his ride has been eased sitting behind a rampant pack . But Bordeaux playmaker Sanchez has repaid the faith that saw him start ahead of some Pumas veterans , and one wonders how effective he could be with a X-Factor strike player running off his shoulder . His boot gets better with every outing .
9 – Aaron Smith ( All Blacks )
It would n't be a stretch to say that the Highlanders halfback is now the premier nine in the world , still possessing that bullet pass that allows the All Blacks to always play on the front foot . His class was confirmed by putting an average Super Rugby season behind him , while this year out of nowhere a smart kicking game has emerged .
8 – Kieran Read ( All Blacks )
The best player in the world ? Read has been immense for the All Blacks , taking up the captain 's armband without blinking , and his performances continue to astound . Technically excellent at the back of the scrum , Read is comfortable at the coalface or roaming , while he is now one of the world champion 's main lineout options .
7 – Michael Hooper ( Wallabies )
If he received consistent support from other members of Australia 's back row the countries Super Rugby player of the year could be quite spectacular . Few would have through David Pocock 's absence would be put aside in arguably the greatest position of strength for the Wallabies . Hooper 's style fits the Ewen McKenzie blueprint perfectly , even if other players are still adjusting to the mould .
6 – Steven Luatua ( All Blacks )
Liam Messam may have reminded all and sundry of his class over the weekend , while Juan Martin Fernandez Lobbe has been his talismanic self , but Luatua has been one of the most consistent players in New Zealand this year . Looks tailor made for the highest stage and while critics lean towards too much eagerness to roam out wide , he can afford to thanks to the balance of New Zealand 's loose forwards .
5 – Sam Whitelock ( All Blacks )
The senior New Zealand second row forward has the attitude of a classic All Blacks lock , deadpan during interviews , clearly wanting to save all of his energies for his performances which back up week after week . Tough as teak to boot , shrugging aside a broken finger by saying he needed his palms , not his fingers , to catch the ball .
4 – Eben Etzebeth ( Springboks )
When the likes of Victor Matfield and Bakkies Botha hung up their mammoth boots South Africa should have had to wait for another world class lock , but the 21-year-old almost has 20 Test caps and should overtake those two legends if he continues in this vein . As good as Matfield in the air yet as terrifying as Botha in the loose , a long career waits .
3 – Owen Franks ( All Blacks )
Quite simply when he is missing New Zealand 's scrum loses a significant amount of power . Usually the best tightheads take years to develop , but the immensely strong Franks never budges , even when the All Blacks front row pops up on rare occasions . Already with 50 Test caps , at this rate he will become the first number three to earn a century of caps for his country . Big Juan Figallo warrants a mention .
2 – Bismarck du Plessis ( Springboks )
The most physically intimidating player in the game , du Plessis crosses the boxes for his standard roles with aplomb , a fine lineout thrower and strong scrummager , but it is his presence around the field that marks him as perhaps the best number two in world rugby . We know well of his tackling ability , while if a tackler finds the shadow of the Bethlehem born 114kg behometh over them , often big Bismarck is guaranteed a turnover at the ruck .
1 – Tony Woodcock ( All Blacks )
Tendai Mtawarira might not roam around as much these days prompting the call ‘ beast ' , but the first and last job of any loosehead is to scrum , and here Tony Woodcock has no equal . Still attracts his doubters , which only serves to make the fourth All Blacks centurion put in “ I 'll prove you wrong ” showing every time . Still to be challenged by an understudy .
More from sanzarrugby.com
RESULTS : New Zealand 29 - 15 South Africa / Australia 14 - 13 Argentina
PREVIEW : All Blacks v Springboks / Wallabies v Pumas
TEAM NAMINGS : Argentina / Australia / New Zealand / South Africa
MATCH CENTRES : Wallabies v Pumas / All Blacks v Springboks
STATISTICS : Argentina / Australia / New Zealand / South Africa
REFEREES FOR THE RUGBY CHAMPIONSHIP / OFFICIAL RESULTS ROUND FOUR
SUPER RUGBY NEWS : Lions boost 2014 Super Rugby squad / New Rebels attack coach +2 / Former All Black Tamati Ellison now a Rebel / Chiefs new CEO / Lachie Turner with Reds for 2014 / Brumbies and AIS join forces / The SBW saga takes another twist / Hooper and Schatz best for Waratahs and Reds / Jerome Kaino in a return to New Zealand ?
`` It 's so compelling and intriguing…it takes the musical experience to a whole other level . '' `` You do n't need to be able to hear to enjoy this song . ''
`` …an innovative , wonderful new music video… '' `` Very visual compelling and the song 's very nice as well . ''
Asha Tomlinson
Host of CBC News Now The Daily What Andy Frank
TheGrand 92.9 FM Tashauna Reid
CBC
CLICK HERE FOR THE PRESS RELEASE Decription
This music video is my attempt at translating music into a visual form . My goal is to show the deaf community how recorded music is constructed .
Each instrument in this video was created from scratch by filming various light sources . The size , texture and position of each 'visual instrument ' reflects how the instrument was mixed in the audio recording . The colour of the instrument is significant with regard to it 's pitch . The Dirt is a song from the album Leaving April . Click here to stream / download Leaving April . Light Waves vs Sound Waves
Vibration is a common characteristic of both light and sound waves . Each colour in this video represents a musical note as the colour and note share the same frequency .
Take the note A . It has a frequency of 440 Hz . If you double the frequency to 880 Hz , the note is still an A , but at an octave higher . Continue to double this and eventually you 'll reach the range of visible light .
The musical note A share the same frequency as this colour of orange .
To estimate the approximate colour for each note in this song , I used this handy calculator : http : //www.flutopedia.com/sound_color.htm AUDIO / VIDEO COMPAIRSON CHART AUDIO VIDEO Pitch is equivalent to Colour Left - Right Panning is equivalent to Left - Right Placement Volume Level is equivalent to Brightness Level Saturation/Eq/Compression is equivalent to Texture Seeing Sound ( a survey )
To better understand how others visualize sound , I put together a survey with a small group of participants . P articipants listened to six instrument clips from the song The Dirt . While visualizing the sound in their head , they plotted out their visualisations on a graph .
I combined the data from the participants and noticed some very obvious similarities . The graphs ( to the right ) demonstrate a concentration of perceived sound , visually speaking , with regard to Left - Right / Top - Bottom placement . Click here to view the reults of the survey :
http : //download-card.com/thedirt/survey.html In Conclusion
I hope and am excited to see if other creators might expand on some of these ideas that I have explored . Perhaps this video may give new meaning to the term `` music video '' . I must state that I am not infact a NASA sound and visual calculating scientist , but I did my best .
I hope you enjoyed the video , and thank you for watching . Click here to view the audio legend
http : //download-card.com/thedirt/audio_legend.jpg About David Porteous `` ... left the crowd speechless . ''
The Shield review of CMW Showcase
`` David 's soulful voice , combined with his
passionate guitar playing , ended with the
audience loudly demanding several encores . ''
BlickPunkt review of concert in Hof , Germany
`` ... a talented singer/songwriter . ''
Janice Forsyth , BBC
`` ... what I call prolific . ''
National Post CONTACT : davidporteousmusic @ gmail.com WEBSITE : http : //www.davidmusic.ca PRESS KIT : Press Kit Download CREDITS Video :
Produced and directed by David Porteous . Audio :
`` The Dirt '' audio recording produced , performed and written by David Porteous .
Recorded at Studio W19 , Toronto , Canada by Michael `` Mez '' Dilauro , at Sundlaugin Studio , Mosfellsbaer , Iceland , by Birgir Jón `` Biggi '' Birgisson and at BLACKWATCH Studio , Toronto , Canada by David Porteous . Mixed and mastered at BLACKWATCH Studio by David Porteous .
All audio SOCAN/BMI © 2015 David Porteous Now 31-years-old , David Porteous began writing music at age 11 , had his first radio play on CBC Radio 2 at the age of 14 , and has since created 30 solo music releases . 2015 will be a busy year for David . This summer you will find David touring the east coast of Canada on a fundraising tour in support of the Canadian Women 's Foundation . In addition , he will be releasing two new albums , entitled Leaving April and 31 . David is crediited for six songs in Eric Schaeffer 's new feature film Boy Meets Girl . Schaeffer is best known for films like If Lucy Fell ( starring Ben Stiller , Sarah Jessica Parker ) and After Fall , Winter . Boy Meets Girl premiered in New York City in January 2015 , and has won more than a dozen awards at various independent film festivals . David has never shied away from creating music projects that push him into unknown terroirtory . For instance , When he was 21-years-old , he created a documentary and music project entitled War Music . Following in the footsteps of Canadian WWII soldiers through 10 countries in Europe , visiting battlefields and cemeteries . David filmed his journey , writing and recording music on-location , based on his experiences . The documentary film is avaliable to stream for free on YouTube . Over the years David has toured extensively in Canada , the UK , Europe and performed at top music festivals such as NXNE , CMJ Music Marathon , Music City North , Acoustic Edinburgh , and Canadian Music Week . His passionate on-stage performances and lead guitar work have also landed him opening slots with many talented artists , including Emm Gryner , Peter Katz , Matthew Barber , Neverending White Lights , Rob Lamothe , Lindy , and Nellie McKay . EAST COAST CANADA FUNDRAISING TOUR
FOR THE CANADIAN WOMEN 'S FOUNDATION :
August 8 , 2015 - Kingston , ON
August 10 , 2015 - Montreal , QC
August 12 , 2015 - Fredricton , NB
August 13 , 2015 - Moncton , NB
August 15 , 2015 - St. Andrews , NB
August 17 , 2015 - Halifax , NS
August 18 , 2015 - Charlottetown , PEI
August 19 2015 - Belle River , PEI
August 22 , 2015 - Ottawa , ON
August 23 , 2015 - Toronto , ON
At least 11 young Irish people have been killed abroad in the past week , according to a charity that assists bereaved families with the repatriation of bodies .
Colin Bell of the Kevin Bell Repatriation Trust said the deaths of two men in a workplace incident in Perth , Western Australia , on Wednesday had brought the number of Irish deaths in the city this week to five .
Joseph McDermott from Omagh , Co Tyrone , and Gerry Bradley from Portstewart , Co Derry , both in their 20s , were killed when a concrete panel fell on them as it was being unloaded at a construction site in East Perth at 11.30am local time ( 3.30am Irish time ) .
On Saturday , Alan Haughey ( 28 ) , from Craigavon , was killed in a car crash . Mr Bell said his organisation was also assisting the families of two more Irish people with the repatriation of bodies .
Organ failure
“ There was a young lad who fell off a ladder and a young girl who suffered organ failure after she contracted a virus , ” he said . “ This has been a horrific week . It 's been particularly tough . ”
Mr Bell said his organisation deals “ mostly with young people ” , and that a further three bodies of Irish people were repatriated from Perth a fortnight ago . “ The region really has been hit very hard in recent weeks , ” he said .
“ All of the circumstances are different . There was a father who came out to visit his son in Perth and had a heart attack . There was a young man whose car was hit by a train in Western Australia . Then there was a young man who took his own life . ”
Mr Bell said he was dealing with a total of 11 deaths so far this week . Besides those in Australia , other deaths had occurred in Alberta in Canada , New York , Jamaica , Denmark and England .
Consular assistance
The Department of Foreign Affairs provided consular assistance to the families of 217 people who died while abroad in 2014 .
The highest number of cases occurred in Spain , followed by Australia , US , Canada , Britain , France , Thailand , UAE and Portugal .
Mr Bell said the number of cases this week was “ exceptional ” and that the spike in recent weeks was “ very unusual ” .
On a “ very good week ” it would deal with one case , while a typical week would consist of two or three cases .
The trust was set up just over two years ago by Mr Bell and his family , from Newry , Co Down , after his 26-year-old son Kevin was killed in New York in June 2013 .
Since then , the charity has repatriated the bodies of 130 people .
It receives no State funding and relies on fundraising and donations . Those wishing to donate can visit kevinbellrepatriationtrust.com
wikiHow 's This article was co-authored by our trained team of editors and researchers who validated it for accuracy and comprehensiveness . Together , they cited information from 13 references wikiHow 's Content Management Team carefully monitors the work from our editorial staff to ensure that each article meets our high quality standards . Learn more ...
In this Article : Brainstorming the TrendStarting a Fashion TrendStarting a Social Media TrendStarting a Slang TrendSpreading Your TrendGetting HelpCommunity Q & A13 References
Setting trends can be difficult . A brand-new trend has to be very unique and interesting , and will only catch on if others see it and like it . Setting a trend involves taking risks and being unconventional , but it 's rewarding to see others appreciating and copying your style . With a little bit of creativity and some work , you can start your own trend .
In geometry , the Weaire–Phelan structure is a complex 3-dimensional structure representing an idealised foam of equal-sized bubbles . In 1993 , Trinity College Dublin physicist Denis Weaire and his student Robert Phelan found in computer simulations of foam that this structure was a better solution of the `` Kelvin problem '' than the previous best-known solution , the Kelvin structure . [ 1 ]
The Kelvin problem [ edit ]
In 1887 , Lord Kelvin asked how space could be partitioned into cells of equal volume with the least area of surface between them , i.e. , what was the most efficient bubble foam ? [ 2 ] This problem has since been referred to as the Kelvin problem .
He proposed a foam , based on the bitruncated cubic honeycomb , which is called the Kelvin structure . This is the convex uniform honeycomb formed by the truncated octahedron , which is a 14-faced space-filling polyhedron ( a tetradecahedron ) , with 6 square faces and 8 hexagonal faces . To conform to Plateau 's laws governing the structures of foams , the hexagonal faces of Kelvin 's variant are slightly curved .
The Kelvin conjecture is that this structure solves the Kelvin problem : that the foam of the bitruncated cubic honeycomb is the most efficient foam . The Kelvin conjecture was widely believed , and no counter-example was known for more than 100 years , until it was disproved by the discovery of the Weaire–Phelan structure .
In 2009 , Ruggero Gabbrielli [ 3 ] published a way to use the Swift–Hohenberg equation to find candidate solutions to the Kelvin Problem on minimal surfaces . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
Description of Weaire–Phelan structure [ edit ]
Irregular dodecahedron
The Weaire–Phelan structure differs from Kelvin 's in that it uses two kinds of cells , although they have equal volume .
From a topological and symmetrical point of view , one is a pyritohedron , an irregular dodecahedron with pentagonal faces , possessing tetrahedral symmetry ( T h ) .
Tetrakaidecahedron
The second is a form of truncated hexagonal trapezohedron , a species of tetrakaidecahedron with two hexagonal and twelve pentagonal faces , in this case only possessing two mirror planes and a rotoreflection symmetry .
Like the hexagons in the Kelvin structure , the pentagons in both types of cells are slightly curved . The surface area of the Weaire–Phelan structure is 0.3 % less than that of the Kelvin structure . It has not been proved that the Weaire–Phelan structure is optimal . Experiments have also shown that , with favorable boundary conditions , equal-volume bubbles spontaneously self-assemble into the A15 phase , whose atoms coincide with the centroids of the polyhedra in the Weaire–Phelan structure . [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
A close-up of the mold used for the growth of ordered liquid foams .
Polyhedral approximation [ edit ]
The polyhedral honeycomb associated with the Weaire–Phelan structure ( obtained by flattening the faces and straightening the edges ) is also referred to loosely as the Weaire–Phelan structure . It was known well before the Weaire–Phelan structure was discovered , but the application to the Kelvin problem was overlooked . [ 8 ]
It is found in two related geometries of crystal structure in chemistry .
Where the components of the crystal lie at the centres of the polyhedra it forms one of the Frank–Kasper phases . [ 9 ]
Where the components of the crystal lie at the corners of the polyhedra , it is known as the `` Type I clathrate structure '' . [ citation needed ] Gas hydrates formed by methane , propane and carbon dioxide at low temperatures have a structure in which water molecules lie at the nodes of the Weaire–Phelan structure and are hydrogen bonded together , and the larger gas molecules are trapped in the polyhedral cages . [ citation needed ] Some alkali metal silicides and germanides also form this structure ( Si/Ge at nodes , alkali metals in cages ) , as does the silica mineral melanophlogite ( silicon at nodes , linked by oxygen along edges ) . [ citation needed ] Melanophlogite is a metastable form of SiO 2 that is stabilized in this structure because of gas molecules trapped in the cages . The International Zeolite Association uses the symbol MEP to indicate the framework topology of melanophlogite . [ citation needed ]
Applications [ edit ]
The Weaire–Phelan structure is the inspiration for the design of the Beijing National Aquatics Centre for the 2008 Olympics in Beijing in China . [ 10 ] The resulting structural support system is inherently strong and lightweight . As all joints in the structure are close to tetrahedral angles , the framework fills a large volume of space with a reduced amount of material , similar to a hexagonal honeycomb in two dimensions .
See also [ edit ]
With Sean McDermott soon to be officially announced as the next head coach of the Buffalo Bills , reports are beginning to circulate about the staff he intends to build . ESPN 's Adam Schefter has one of those , announcing that Carolina Panthers linebackers coach Al Holcomb is likely to join McDermott in Buffalo as the team 's next defensive coordinator .
Sean McDermott 's likely DC in Buffalo is Panthers LB coach Al Holcomb , per source . Logical hire and promotion . — Adam Schefter ( @ AdamSchefter ) January 11 , 2017
Holcomb has been coaching in the National Football League since 2009 , when he joined the New York Giants as a quality control coach . He was promoted to a defensive assistant in 2011 , and worked for two seasons at that level . Holcomb joined the Panthers staff in 2013 coaching the linebackers , and he has remained in that capacity for the last four seasons . During that time , the Panthers had a top-10 defense in each year , and Luke Kuechly and Thomas Davis were arguably the best linebacker pair in the NFL .
Before joining the NFL , Holcomb coached the college game for 14 years . He held stints as a defensive coordinator , defensive line coach , defensive backs coach , and linebackers coach , and also coordinated special teams for six seasons .
With young linebackers like Reggie Ragland and Preston Brown on the roster , a Holcomb hiring does n't sound like a bad idea .
Firefox now shows a broken padlock icon on the Address Bar when the current page has < input type= '' password '' > while the connection is not secure . Not only the page the password will be sent but also the page the login form presents must use the HTTPS protocol to protect user credentials from remote attackers .
Although this functionality is currently enabled only on Firefox Nightly and Developer Edition , webmasters may want to avoid such an embarrassing situation . No budget for a TLS certificate ? Do n't worry . From November 2015 , Let 's Encrypt , a new certificate authority run by Mozilla and others , gives you a trusted certificate for free .
Read Tanvi Vyas ' blog post for details .
Update : This feature has been enabled on the early Beta versions of Firefox 50 as well to collect more feedback from users .
Update 2 : As of Firefox 51 , the warning is enabled by default on all channels including the Release version .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE is in a dicey spot in more ways than one when it comes to the Senate 's healthcare bill .
If the Kentucky Republican fails in his effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare , his reputation as a master tactician of the Senate will take a hit , with lawmakers second-guessing his decisions on drawing up a bill largely behind closed doors .
It would also deal a serious blow to the GOP effort to end ObamaCare and would mean Republicans have wasted the first seven months of the new Trump administration with little to show for it . Questions about the rest of their agenda would grow .
Back in Kentucky , McConnell would also face some politically tricky questions .
ADVERTISEMENT
In his home state , the law has led to a drop in the rate of uninsured people from 20.4 percent of the state 's population in 2013 to 7.8 percent in 2016 , according to Gallup — the largest reduction of any state in the country .
That does n't mean ObamaCare is necessarily popular in Kentucky , but the fight over healthcare does pose some risks for McConnell , who is up for reelection in 2020 . Democrats fought hard to defeat McConnell in 2014 and lost . They would love to find a way to defeat him in three years by putting healthcare front and center .
GOP strategists in Kentucky acknowledge the situation is complicated , but they argue it 's an easy call for McConnell to forge ahead with his repeal effort .
They say the cost of ObamaCare — even in a state such as Kentucky , where more residents are now insured — is too great , premiums are too high and people will be OK with undoing it even if it leaves more people uninsured .
“ People who are observant as to what 's going on in both D.C. and in Frankfort , they understand that we were very successful at the [ ObamaCare ] rollout in this state . Former Gov . Steve Beshear did a great job , ” Tres Watson , Kentucky Republican Party spokesman , said , referring to the Democratic governor who launched the exchange .
“ But at the end of the day , he 's kind of like your buddy who shows up at the restaurant , orders a round of drinks and an appetizer and then leaves before the check comes . And , unfortunately , the time has come to pay the bill . ”
For McConnell , repealing ObamaCare is an attempt to fulfill not only a major national GOP promise , but also one he made in his own campaign in Kentucky , said Scott Jennings , who served as a campaign adviser to McConnell in 2002 and 2008 and ran his reelection super PAC in 2014 .
On the Senate floor , McConnell has sounded the alarm about how ObamaCare has been failing the American people for years . “ It will collapse around them if we fail to act , ” he said Monday . He told anecdotes of Kentucky residents who ObamaCare hurt one way or another , a full-time student and single mom who found “ high premiums and a staggering deductible ” on the law 's exchanges .
“ At the end of the day , Mitch McConnell has to come back to Kentucky and say , ‘ I tried everything I could find to fulfill this campaign promise that you have asked us to do , and fortunately or unfortunately , here are the results , ' ” said Jennings .
“ I think he 'll sleep fine at night knowing he did what the people of Kentucky wanted him to do . I just think the Republican Party at large needs to listen and think hard before they abandon ship . ”
McConnell is barreling toward a vote on a bill next week despite misgivings in his conference . A new version of the legislation is promised on Thursday .
Centrists worry the GOP 's changes to Medicaid could cause more uninsured residents in their states amidst a nationwide opioid epidemic . Conservatives say the bill does n't go far enough , and are pushing for an amendment to allow insurers to sell plans that do n't comply with ObamaCare insurance regulations as long as they also sell ones that do .
There are those in Kentucky who want ObamaCare to stay .
Jason Bailey , executive director of the Kentucky Center for Economic Policy , called the Senate bill “ the biggest policy threat that has faced Kentucky in recent history . ”
Kentucky 's uninsured rate would rise by 231 percent by 2022 if the current version of the Senate bill passes — the second-highest increase of any state , according to an analysis from the left-leaning Urban Institute .
At least initially , Kentucky implemented ObamaCare to the fullest extent possible . Beshear opted to expand Medicaid , the joint federal-state health insurance program for low-income and disabled Americans .
He also decided the state would create its own online healthcare marketplace instead of using HealthCare.gov . He called it kynect — a strategically chosen name since only a little over one-third of Kentuckians approved of Obama 's presidency in 2013 , the year the health marketplaces opened for business .
Beshear traversed the state , discussing the law in an effort to combat what he called the “ anti-Obama feeling . ”
“ I told our people , ‘ Look , you do n't have to like the president and you do n't have to like me , because this is not about him or me , it 's about you and it 's about your families , it 's about your kids , ' ” Beshear said . “ ‘ Just do me a favor . It wo n't cost you a dime to just go online and take a look at what you might be able to get . ' ”
During the 2015 governor 's race , Gov . Matt Bevin ( R ) promised to dismantle kynect , and as of late 2016 , his state residents bought their health plans through HealthCare.gov instead of the exchange Beshear set up .
Bevin also promised to roll back the state 's Medicaid expansion . Instead , he 's trying to limit it , asking the Trump administration to approve a waiver to overhaul the program in his state to include items such as work requirements and a monthly premium .
The Senate GOP healthcare bill would reshape Medicaid in a large overhaul of the program . It includes a three-year phaseout of the enhanced federal funds for Medicaid expansion starting in 2021 . The expansion added more than 473,000 Kentuckians to the Medicaid rolls , according to the Kentucky Center for Economic Policy .
“ One thing McConnell is hearing about when he comes home is , how are we going to afford to keep the expansion here when you 've got these other pressures , such as public pension crisis , pushing Gov . Bevin and the legislature to act ? ” Jennings said .
The Bevin administration has said that the expanded Medicaid will cost Kentucky $ 1.2 billion over the next five years , “ and we do n't have it , ” Jennings said .
Both opponents and supporters believe McConnell will survive his next election in Kentucky , no matter what happens with ObamaCare repeal .
Beshear pointed to McConnell 's robust war chest .
“ I think if his bill passed it would hurt him in Kentucky . That 's not to say he would lose his next election , ” Beshear said , “ because Sen. McConnell years ago figured out how to win elections , and the one word that summarizes his ability to win elections is ‘ money . ' ”
Al Cross , a longtime political writer at the Louisville Courier-Journal , noted that under the GOP bill , the Medicaid expansion does n't begin to phase out until after the 2020 election cycle — and that McConnell does n't have to be on the ballot for another three years .
“ Kentuckians see McConnell as being one of the most important people in the world , ” Cross , who is also the director of the Institute for Rural Journalism and Community Issues at the University of Kentucky , said , noting he 's been ranked high on lists of influential people .
“ Kentuckians are proud of that . They may not like Mitch McConnell , may not like him personally , may not like most of his policies , but they have a certain degree of pride that a Kentuckian is in the place that he is . ”
Hi . We recently created AFH TV , Ambrosia For Heads ' streaming video service , because we believe real Hip-Hop deserves its own dedicated TV home , but we need your help to make it great . Please subscribe to AFH TV . It is only $ 1.99/month or $ 12/year , and already features some amazing content , but the best is yet to come . Thank you for all of your support .
Hi . We recently created AFH TV , Ambrosia For Heads ' streaming video service , because we believe real Hip-Hop deserves its own dedicated TV home , but we need your help to make it great . Please subscribe to AFH TV . It is only $ 1.99/month or $ 12/year , and already features some amazing content , but the best is yet to come . Thank you for all of your support .
In 2007 , the same summer Blu & Exile released Below The Heavens , Talib Kweli dropped Eardrum . One MC made an indelible underground debut , while the other , from a similar trajectory , released a # 2 overall LP on the charts , marking a new plateau . Ten years later , these two artists from opposing sides of the United States are both prolific , and just as provocative with the pen .
Teen Bresha Meadows Stood Up To Her Abusive Father . Talib Kweli Tells Her Story ( Audio )
On the “ Fight Night ( Black Mirror Mix ) ” from K-Salaam & Beatnick 's upcoming Bluest Flame album , these two lyricists share the pocket seamlessly . For Blu especially , this is one of the strongest , most energetic verses of late , as he demonstrates that whimsical quality within his stream of consciousness rhymes .
The Canadian production duo , along with R.J. Pasin keep the beat fresh throughout the string and percussion track . Two mixes of this song will appear on the October 22 album . Bun B , Joell Ortiz , and Tech N9ne are also guests .
Nicolas Roche : 'Numb from the news of Richie 's crash , the mood in the team is sombre '
Last month , my team-mates and I rode the Criterium du Dauphine , a week-long stage race that usually produces a winner who goes on to do very well at the Tour
The cracked helmet of Daniel Martin . Photo : Getty Images
At the Dauphine , my team leader Richie Porte finished second overall , despite being the strongest rider in the race - his inability to win it was mainly due to myself and the rest of the team leaving him isolated on the final climb .
With the second mountain-top finish of this year 's Tour ahead of us this morning , we did n't want the same thing to happen again so the game-plan was to get a few guys up the road in the early breakaway .
It 's always easier to have riders drop back from the front of the race if needed than have them try and bridge across after a hard chase . Plus , if the break stays away , then there was always the chance somebody could win the stage .
Usually on stages like today a group of strong all-rounders , or rouleurs , get away and Greg van Avermaet was our main hope .
When he went clear in a good group on the opening climb after 30km we thought the move was going to be the one to stay away until Sunweb lit things up behind in order to get their sprinter Michael Matthews to the intermediate sprint at the front to earn some points for the green jersey .
With the group caught 15km later , Matthews took third in the sprint , Sunweb eased up and everyone started attacking again . Soon there was a huge group up the road containing me and three of my BMC team-mates , Mickey Schar , Damiano Caruso and Greg .
Cohesion
Because there were 45 of us up front though , everyone had different interests . Some were going for the stage win , some were chasing mountains points and others were just waiting for their team leaders to bridge across later on , so there was no cohesion .
Constant attacking saw the group split and reform numerous times before Greg went away again with three others on the second-category Cote de Viry after 130km .
The Direct Energie guys in my half of the split chased hard and as we neared the back of the group I followed another move across to the front , giving us two men in a new eight-man breakaway .
With 40km left , we had three minutes ' lead on the peloton but with Sky driving the chase after us , we only had half that by the time we hit the last climb 30km later .
When Greg got dropped with 20km to go I attacked to try and put pressure on the rest of the group . Serge Pauwels followed and 2km later Lilian Calmejane and Robert Gesink came across .
As I had been on the front for a long time , I tried to force Pauwels and Gesink to chase when Calmejane opened a gap on a hairpin soon after , but when they did n't close the gap in a minute or two I knew I had to go after him .
Though I made it to within 10 metres of Calmejane , I had put myself into the red and with 15km to go Gesink caught and counter-attacked me , leaving me alone with nothing to do but try and maintain my pace and hope the peloton did n't catch me .
A guy from Wanty-Groupe caught me on the plateau on top and shared a much-needed gel with me in the last 10 kilometres . With Sky closing in on us rapidly behind , we rode together to the line where we just managed to hold them off . I did n't make up any time but fourth on the stage meant at least I did n't go away empty handed .
Tomorrow is the biggest and baddest stage of this year 's Tour , with three Hors Category climbs en route to Chambery , where the French Ag2r team have their base and will be keen to do something . The final climb of Mont du Chat will be tough but the 20km into Chambery could do as much damage , especially if it rains .
Read more : Martin survives as Uran takes spoils
Sunday , July 9 , Stage 9 : Nantua to Chambery ( 181km )
With our pre-stage aims pretty much the same as yesterday , Amael Moinard and Alessandro di Marchi were in a group of 35 riders that pulled clear on the second-category climb after just a few kilometres this morning , while I was a bit worried about how tired my legs were after yesterday 's efforts .
With Ag2r 's Alexis Vuillermoz and Carlos Betancur of Movistar starting the day just over three minutes behind race leader Chris Froome , Sky took up the chase immediately , holding them at three minutes for a long time .
We lost a bit of time on the Col du Biche after 60km , before Ag2r hit the turbo on the wet sinewy descent . They were taking a good few risks on the wet roads and as we rounded one of the bends , I had just about time to brake as Geraint Thomas , Rafal Majka and Alberto Contador hit the deck about ten riders in front of me .
Alberto rolled and bounced back onto his bike but ' G ' looked in pain as I went by .
The crash split the peloton and with only Danilo Wyss up ahead with Richie , Damiano and I chased to get back up to help him , regaining contact with the overall contenders ' group at the foot of the Colombiere after 82km .
I was suffering as the last wheel of the group when the attacks started again and , paying for my efforts from yesterday , I let the wheel go and spent most of the 10km climb in the cars just behind them .
A minute down at the top , I was alongside French climber Romain Sicard and thought we 'd make it back on the descent . But when we got to the bottom we had lost time and were caught by a dozen or so riders in the valley .
Up front , I could hear that Amael and then Alessandro had dropped back from the break to help Richie but from then on I was too far back to get a signal on my team radio .
When a bigger group containing Greg , Mickey , Danilo and Stefan caught us on the Monte du Chat , with 20km left , I could hear our directeur talking to Richie in the front group and telling him the gap to lone leader Warren Barguil was down to 40 seconds but a few minutes later , some guy at the side of the road shouted 'Porte abandonne , Porte abandonne ! ' , which left me a bit confused .
As far as I knew , Richie was flying in the front group but one of the guys beside me told me that he 'd crashed along with my cousin Dan Martin on the descent - which made for a miserable ride to the finish , where it was confirmed that Richie is out of the race .
On the bus afterwards , the mood was pretty sombre . We were so numb from the news that we could barely muster the enthusiasm for a shower .
Everything was in slow motion and if we had n't been rushed to the airport for our post stage transfer we 'd probably be sitting around moping still .
We 've a 40-minute flight to Bergerac now and all I know is that Richie was conscious and was able to move his legs , which is a good sign at least .
With Thomas , Jos Van Emden and Gesink also crashing out today and seven riders , including the green jersey wearer Arnaud de Mare , finishing outside the time limit , it 's been a horrible stage .
Indo Sport
Spread the love
12-Year-Old Mallory Merk decided to try something new with her hair .
Like most 12-year-old girls , she was excited to show off her new look to friends on social media . Things quickly escalated after pictures of Mallory in her new blonde box braids started to make rounds .
Many people found the braids to be ‘ offensive ' and just another form of cultural appropriation .
@ mallorymerk The point we are trying to make is that its offensive all we have is our culture nd whether u knew it or not u took what 's supp — CaramelCreamQueen ( @ Gvddvss ) January 18 , 2015
RT @ shugnice : Black men : “ Why are black women up in arms about white girls wearing box braids and locs ” pic.twitter.com/fX7BYiP3iK — Praline Queen ( @ blowticious ) January 18 , 2015
Black women saying white women ca n't get braids while they 're running around with blonde hair . ? ? ? ? — Keifer . ( @ HeyKeifer ) January 18 , 2015
Writer/editor Jamilah Lemieux summed up the majority of backlash and opposition :
Yes , something as “ trivial ” as a hairstyle can be triggering or upsetting . Let us have it . This goes to everyone , btw . — jamilah ( @ JamilahLemieux ) January 18 , 2015
It 's feeling like psychological torture , esp against the backdrop of state-sanctioned murder and the # BlackLivesMatter movement… — jamilah ( @ JamilahLemieux ) January 18 , 2015
…our bodies , our music , our fashion , our lips , our hair…everything about us is ripe for the picking by people WHO DO NOT TREAT US WELL . — jamilah ( @ JamilahLemieux ) January 18 , 2015
This is not happy cultural mixing where you bring the blonde and I bring the braids , because you hate me and tell me as much all the time . — jamilah ( @ JamilahLemieux ) January 18 , 2015
It was n't all bad though — a lot of people showed support for Mallory and her new choice of hairstyle .
Bringing race into Mallory 's hair is absolutely ridiculous and proves you are indeed a racist . — ryan ( @ slootskies ) January 18 , 2015
Leave @ mallorymerk alone Jesus fuck . You should be able to do whatever the fuck too want with your hair no matter what race you are fucked ! ! — Bella ( @ bellaa_raee ) January 18 , 2015
@ mallorymerk you look gorgeous in those braids ! Your ethnicity does n't determine how you should wear your hair ! ! You 're werkin it ! — dede ( @ irlaltruist ) January 18 , 2015
Mallory later issued the following apology :
We 're not sure if 12-year-old Mallory crafted that apology herself or had help from her parents , but it 's refreshing to see someone make a sincere apology even if their intentions were n't to offend .
So , we have to ask love muffins — what do you think of Mallory 's braids ? Are they offensive ? Or are they simply a little girl trying out a new style ?
Calgary Legalization of Marijuana Education Session
This is a great opportunity to have your voice heard at Calgary city council about all things related to cannabis . See letters sent to Mayor Naheed Nenshi and city councillors here . I encourage you and please encourage your like minded family and friends to take action and write your city councillors . Also keep in mind a Calgary civic election is in October 16 , 2017 , when politicians are much more likely to respond favourably to citizens wants and needs . Shameless shout out - @ ward10yyc vote Michelle Robinson
Calgary City Council in camera February 6 , 2017
Legalization of Marijuana Education Session
The Mayor , council and guests gathered starts at the Calgary City in camera session video time mark 17:20 Calgary City Mayor Naheed Nenshi starts to speak about the upcoming interesting cannabis session video start time mark 19:15 - 21:25 .
The legalization education session starts at video time mark 31:30 . At 32:10 Calgary community standards acting director Richard Hines covers several topics from nuisance odour complaints to bylaws and possible timeline to legalization of cannabis maybe the end of 2018 . In regards to nuisance odours Nenshi comments on this issue as well . Mr. Hines is a 25 year veteran Calgary Police officer ( CPS )
Calgary City Mayor Naheed Nenshi and some more of his interesting comments and a small bit of history of cannabis with Nenshi . This is not a quote but it might give you a idea on his current way of thinking . During the morning session Mayor Nenshi asks if the plant limit is set at 4 what level of enforcement do they start at ? And growing 4 plants in a home would be like growing 4 African violets . Starts at video time mark 50:25.This is another positive change from when Nenshi was first elected when his reply to questions about cannabis was it is a federal issue and there is nothing the city can do . Later on during his second term as city mayor Nenshi became part of the city council that is advocating the federal government to provide all federal legal medical growers private information . The fact is federal privacy laws clearly do n't allow a municipal government access to current Canadian citizen medical information equals a waste of expensive city resources . Mayor Nenshi made a comment of possibly following the current alcohol regulations as a model to use . At the end of the education session Nenshi made a comment he would like to discuss the gateway theory more .
The next councillor to ask questions was from Calgary city ward 4 councillor Sean Chu when he proclaimed the majority of marijuana advocates that he has been meeting said they prefer mail order over store front services . See video start time mark of 50:30 . Chu had made this comment twice , once in the morning session asking a question to Mr. Hines about safety of the children and again he brought up his previous mail order safer then store fronts in the afternoon session . His next question was cannabis a gateway drug ? I suggest writing a polite and respectful message to Calgary city ward 4 councillor Sean Chu .
Session adorned for lunch at video time mark 101:14 Session starts again at video time mark 2:14:00
Mayor Nenshi introduces Dan Rowland Denver , Colorado Office of Marijuana Policy representative which had a informative presentation but due to time restrictions he had to skip pass parts of it . Real city ( Denver , Colorado ) experiences that ca n't be just brushed aside with typical reefer madness stigma nonsense . One important theme was the city should not think there will be chaos in the streets and rampant crime waves . Overly restrictive regulations will only strengthen the black market to thrive . The costs in relation to city jobs created were paid for by a 3.5 % city tax . Additional not to expect enough tax revenue to fix deficits . Mr. Rowland provided 2014 to 2016 revenues for a city the size of Denver with a annual budget of 300 billion with cannabis city collected taxes at less than 1 % at 33 million in 2016 up from 2014 and 2015 .
Nenshi instructs the guest panel to introduce themselves at video time mark 3:28:04 Some of the guest panel was advocating for harm reduction and a health care approach instead of the failed law enforcement prohibition actions . The panel was made up of representatives from the University of Calgary CPS , Denver 's Dan Rowland and a local cannabis industry business owner . The most notable issue with the panel I had was the business owner comments about the Denver 's maximum 12 plant limits for personal home gardens . 6 plants per adults living in the home with a maximum total of 12 plants.The business owner stated that 12 plants was to many and a 4 plant limit would be enough . There were other comments of his that I disagree with but the plant count is the most important . See February 24 , 2016 Federal Court Decision Allard v. Canada for the evidence and why I disagree Also see the `` Liberal government to respect Allard federal court ruling ! `` published March 24 , 2016 . Additionally it does not leave any room for mother plants , clones , seedlings and male plants . Even Mayor Nenshi said growing 4 plants in a home would be like growing 4 African violets . Starts at video time mark 50:25 . CPS the biggest concerns was said to be impaired driving and cannabis gardens.Lastly a possible attempt at a joke was made by a city councillor can be seen at video time mark 3:58:30 when Sean Chu asks if Denver 's Dan Rowland brought some free samples to share ?
The last city councillor to speak ( again ) possibly to make sure she is on record of her long time efforts to keep the undeserved reefer madness stigma alive and well . Also trained in the health care profession long time acclaimed all to many times as ward 13 councillor Diane Colley-Urquhart founder of `` STOP Marijuana Grow-ops Calgary Coalition '' some years ago now . She is also part of the Calgary Police Commission for several years now .
All the city councillors with questions and comments were , Ward 1 Ward Sutherland , Ward 2 Joe Magliocca , Ward 3 Jim Stevenson , Ward 4 Sean Chu , Ward 7 Druh Farrell , Ward 8 Evan Woolley , Ward 10 Andre Chabot , Ward 12 Shane Keating and Ward 13 Diane Colley-Urquhart .
The city provides a copy of audio/video to the public and can be found here
British administered India in red and the princely states coloured green
Before the Partition of India in 1947 , 584 Princely States , also called Native States , existed in India , [ 1 ] which were not fully and formally part of British India , the parts of the Indian subcontinent which had not been conquered or annexed by the British but under indirect rule , subject to subsidiary alliances .
Things moved quickly after the partition of British India in 1947 . By the end of 1949 , all of the states had chosen to accede to one of the newly independent states of India or Pakistan or else had been conquered and annexed .
Outline [ edit ]
For details of precedence between the states , see Salute state
In principle , the princely states had internal autonomy , while by treaty the British Crown had suzerainty and was responsible for the states ' external affairs . In practice , while the states were indeed ruled by potentates with a variety of titles , such as Maharaja , Raja , Nizam , Raje , Deshmukh , Nawab , Mirza , Baig , Chhatrapati , Khan , Thakur Sahab , Darbar saheb or specially Jam for Jadeja/Samma . the British had considerable influence .
By the time of the departure of the British in 1947 , only four of the largest of the states still had their own British Resident , a diplomatic title for advisors present in the states ' capitals , while most of the others were grouped together into Agencies , such as the Central India Agency , the Deccan States Agency , and the Rajputana Agency .
From 1920 , the states were represented in the Chamber of Princes , which held its meetings in New Delhi .
The most important states were ranked as salute states , whose rulers were entitled to a given number of salute guns .
By the Indian Independence Act 1947 , the British gave up their suzerainty of the states and left each of them free to choose whether to join one of the newly independent countries of India and Pakistan or to remain outside them . For a short time , some of the rulers explored the possibility of a federation of the states separate from either , but this came to nothing . Most of the states then decided to accede to India or to Pakistan , such as Junagadh ( 1947–1948 ) , Hyderabad on 18 September 1948 , Bilaspur on 12 October 1948 , and Bhopal on 1 May 1949 . Travancore also chose to remain an independent country .
In Jammu and Kashmir , a state with a Muslim majority but a Hindu ruler , the Maharaja hoped to remain independent but acceded to India on 27 October 1947 at the outset of the invasion of Jammu and Kashmir by Pakistan — leading to the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947 .
On 31 March 1948 , Kalat acceded to Pakistan , although the brother of the Khan led a rebellion against this decision .
Princely States at the time of independence on 14 August 1947 [ edit ]
Individual residencies [ edit ]
Baluchistan Agency [ edit ]
Princely States of the Baluchistan Agency .
Name of state British Resident or Agent Now part of Last or present ruler Kalat Princely State Balochistan , Pakistan Beglar Begi Mir Agha Suleiman Jan , Khan of Kalat Kharan Princely State Balochistan , Pakistan Habibullah Khan Las Bela Princely State Balochistan , Pakistan Mir Muhammad Yusuf Khan , The Amir and Jam of Las Bela Makran Princely State Balochistan , Pakistan Bai Khan Baloch Gikchi
Deccan States Agency and Kolhapur Residency ( Maratha ) [ edit ]
Princely States of Deccan States Agency and Kolhapur Residency ( Maratha ) .
Gwalior Residency ( Maratha ) [ edit ]
Princely States of the Gwalior Residency .
Madras Presidency [ edit ]
Princely States of the Madras Presidency .
North-west Frontier States Agency [ edit ]
Princely States of the North-West Frontier States Agency ( all in present Pakistan ) . Agencies included the Dir Swat and Chitral Agency and the Deputy Commissioner of Hazara acting as the Political Agent for Amb and Phulra .
Name of state British Resident or Agent Now part of Last or present ruler Amb Princely State Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan Nawab Muhammad Saeed Khan Tanoli Chitral Princely State Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan Mehtar Saif-ul-Mulk Nasir Dir Princely State Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan Muhammad Shah Khosru Khan Phulra Princely State Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan Khan Ata Muhammed Khan Swat Princely State Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan Miangul Abdul-Haqq Jahanzib
Gilgit Agency [ edit ]
The States of Hunza and Nagar and many feudal Jagirs ( Puniyal , Shigar , etc . ) in the Gilgit Agency were tributary to the Maharaja of Jammu & Kashmir .
Name of state British Resident or Agent Now part of Last or present ruler Hunza Gilgit Agency Gilgit–Baltistan , Pakistan Mohammad Jamal Khan Nagar Gilgit Agency Gilgit–Baltistan , Pakistan Showkat ` Ali Khan
Province of Sind [ edit ]
Name of state British Resident or Agent Now part of Last or present ruler Khairpur Princely State Sindh , Pakistan George Ali Murad Khan Umerkot Princely State Sindh , Pakistan Rana Hamir Singh
Punjab state agency [ edit ]
States of the Punjab States Agency ( Punjab ) .
States of the Rajputana Agency [ edit ]
States of the Rajputana Agency .
Gujarat States Agency and Baroda Residency [ edit ]
Kathiawar Agency [ edit ]
Princely states of Kathiawar in Saurastra
United Saurashtra ( Kathiawar ) State 1947-56
Bhil tribe girls in Jhabua
Orissa States Agency [ edit ]
Chhattisgarh States Agency [ edit ]
Bihar States Agency [ edit ]
Former Princely States annexed during the British Raj [ edit ]
Former kingdoms annexed during the British East India Company era [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Sources
Further reading
College applicants are flocking to third-level courses linked to the economic recovery – with a surge in CAO applications for architecture , engineering , construction and business-related courses .
New figures show points increases are likely next month in higher degree courses linked to the built environment ( +20 per cent ) , nursing ( +9 per cent ) , engineering /technology ( +7 per cent ) , law and architecture ( both +6 per cent ) , while points decreases are likely in agriculture ( -26 per cent ) , dentistry ( -9 per cent ) and arts/social sciences ( -3 per cent ) courses .
Despite the decrease in applications , arts remains by far the most popular area of study with 16,000 college applicants listing it as their first-choice for an honours degree .
Overall , a record number of applicants are seeking college places this year , which is putting pressure on the higher education sector which many says is facing a funding crisis .
The increased numbers are driven by a combination of population growth and policies promoting third-level education . Numbers are projected to increase by up to a third over the next decade or so .
The increase in applications to technology and construction courses will be greeted with relief by policy-makers and industry groups , who predict an acute skills shortages in these sectors .
Tony Donohoe , of employers ' group Ibec said : “ There is a global war for talent in these sectors – especially in ICT ( information and communications technology ) – so it 's good to see more young people heading in this direction . ”
The Construction Industry Federation ( CIF ) says the upsurge in school-leavers opting for courses in the sector will be crucial to meeting skills gaps .
“ We 're hiring at a rate of about 1,000 jobs a month , ” said Tom Parlon , director general of the CIF . “ There has been a 50 per cent increase in the number of architectural roles available this year . ”
The new CAO figures – which reflect applicants ' course choices since the “ change of mind ” deadline expired on July 1st – also show a continued shift away from ordinary degrees and certificates towards honours degree courses .
Some 71,000 college applicants have opted for a honours degree course as their first choice , up 2 per cent on last year . There was a corresponding decrease among those listing ordinary degree or higher certificate courses as their first choice .
This is likely to be seen as a worrying trend among policy-makers who are keen to build-up the status of the further education sector .
Highest proportion
Ireland now has the highest proportion of young people with third-level qualifications across the EU , though many industry groups question whether so many are needed .
However , research by labour expert Dr John Sweeney shows that more than 50 per cent of the workforce in economies such as our own will still require “ medium-level ” skills .
Many link high college drop-out rates in some courses to a growth in the number of school-leavers opting for courses which they are not academically able for .
The question of how to fund higher education has come into sharp focus following the publication of the Cassells report , which found the current system is not fit for purpose .
The report proposes a series of options – including a student loan scheme – to ensure the system is able to cope with growing numbers . However , members of an Oireachtas education committee were told yesterday that it will not be in a position to debate the report for a number of months as it has not been formally placed before the Dáil .
WASHINGTON - Statement by Mike Litt , U.S. PIRG Consumer Advocate about how the upcoming House vote on the Financial CHOICE Act poses a threat to consumers , depositors , investors and the economy .
“ The so-called Financial CHOICE Act , which we call the Wrong CHOICE Act , will be voted on by the full House as early as the week of June 5th . This legislation guts consumer and marketplace protections enacted after the disastrous financial collapse of 2008 and allows big Wall Street banks and payday lenders to run amok again while leaving the average , hardworking consumer , investor and taxpayer with no protection from unfair financial practices .
In particular , U.S. PIRG remains committed to defending the CFPB , the centerpiece of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 . The CFPB , in just over 5 years , has already returned nearly $ 12 billion to 29 million consumers harmed by unfair financial practices . ”
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
VIDEO AVAILABLE : Along with coalition partners from across the country , U.S. PIRG has posted a short ( 2 minute ) explainer video on how the WRONG Choice Act would practically repeal the highly successful CFPB and roll back consumer and financial protections .
To view the video , simply click here .
# # #
Have you ever felt that you 're doing something against yourself ? That you could achieve so much more if you were n't so lazy or so angry or so focused on unimportant things ? Have you ever felt so powerless and stuck that you could n't even get out of the bed and have breakfast ? Ever felt that whatever you do , you ca n't get anywhere ? Chances are , my friend , that you just assessed a self sabotage situation . In today 's post I 'm going to talk about self sabotage , and describe my own experience with this type of attitude .
What Is Self Sabotage ?
Self sabotage is a way to reject everything you created so far , choosing another path , one that could allegedly be easier or safer . You turn your back to everything you 've done , deny it , and chose to do exactly the opposite . You take down all your hopes , dreams and goals and settle for whatever the environment is offering you at the moment . You surrender .
Most of the time , you do this unconsciously , and most of the time you do n't even realize that you 're sabotaging yourself . You just have a lot of excuses for not being who you want to be , feel a little numb and relaxed at the same time and your self-esteem is slowly going down . You go for comfort and security . You favor manipulation instead of direct action . You take the easier path . Of course , in the end , that easier path is far more difficult than the first one .
Self Sabotage Triggers
Self sabotage triggers are extremely divers . You may start to sabotage yourself because of a broken relationship . Or because you 're burned out by too much work . Or because you 're afraid of success . I think everybody has his own self-sabotage triggers and there are n't two identical persons in the world . This is why writing a tutorial for avoiding self-sabotage would seem futile for me . What works for me could n't possibly work for you . The causes , reasons and triggers are different for each individual . All I can do is share my experience with self-sabotage , describe how I felt it and hope somebody else could find some inspiration in it .
I do n't think it can be prevented also . You ca n't really prevent self-sabotage . I think it 's somehow part of the way we grow . It 's a necessary period in which we face our darkest sides , in which we favor destruction over creation , a period in which our higher self surrendered and let us drift in an unknown and uncontrollable ocean . Those periods are what I called “ death ” periods , chunks of time in which we do n't exert our full control and consciousness .
We 're dying and we 're born again each second , and most of the time we 're born in the same reality as we died in . Those death intervals are really short and the life intervals are lighter , bigger and stronger . There 's a balance , a prevalence of life . But sometimes , during your death intervals , when you 're not supervised by your higher self , you do something to change your environment , creating self-sabotage . You start to constantly alter what 's around you , in a desperate attempt to construct a somehow easier or comfortable reality . You change rules , let go of your goals , align with lower vibrations in order to avoid pain . You create a comfort zone . Only to realize , when you 're born again , that you are in fact breaking the other reality .
A Personal Story
My first self-sabotage period lasted for about 3 years . Well , I think there were other self sabotage periods before that , but this is the longest I remember .
I was working in an FM radio , as an anchorman and I was doing extremely well . I was 22 and already a little star on my field ( and even now , 15 years later , I can meet persons who are remembering my voice ) . Things were evolving really fast and soon I had on my plate much more than I could handle . In about a year I was overwhelmed and I simply cracked . Overheated by work and unguided by some personal goals , I just quit . I had excuses , of course , I was only 23 year oldÂ it was too much for me .
I stopped going to work , and spend time getting drunk and hunting one-night stands in my student hostel . It was much easier than going to work .
Traditional media is a rat race , is a very hostile working environment , full of gossip , shallowness and a hidden but very powerful vibration of violence.Â My radio was no exception , although it was in its very first years . Every day I had to face pressure , stress and to fight for my position in the company . I wish I could say that my failure was in fact a stand up for better values . I wish I could say that I quit because I was n't willing to face gossip , shallowness and violence all day but it was n't like that . There was even a time in which I was lying to myself : “ I 'm out of here because I can do better than that ” . Of course I could , but I just did n't . Will see later on that I did n't get out of that world , I was only miserably failing in taking commitments .
Our colleagues were visiting me , trying to make me return to my job , . Most of the time I was drunk , happy to sleep for 14 hours without interruptions , and only sensitive to hormone signals from available females in my close vicinity . I wanted to start writing a novel and told all my colleagues about that . In a few weeks , my colleagues stopped visiting me , assured that I was leaving that job because of my higher principles , waiting to read my soon-to-be published novel . I was believing that too , but it was a lie . I was leaving it because I could n't respect – or even negotiate – my own commitments , because I was burned out by too much work .
I started to write the novel I was planing for long time . Now that I was free for that evil corporate media structure I could finally start working on that . I wrote for 12 days several hours each day and I was soon at the half of it . I could see the end of it . But suddenly , I stopped . I continued to get drunk , involved in shallow relationships and think about myself as a victim . In a few months I realized I had to work again otherwise I will really face starvation .
And so I got a job on a very high position in a new radio that was opening at that time , based on my initial success . I was still a star , my voice was worth a lot . And from that moment , I got drunk every evening for 3 years , evening after evening . I had some small initiatives , professionally speaking , some of them even successes . I was doing a fairly good show , day by day , but it was n't me anymore . The new radio , although with very good initial funding , soon become a ruin because of bad management . Paycheck started to delay more and more , and I remember there were times in which I got payment delayed by 3 months . I should have left but I did n't . I was enjoying my self-sabotage .
Around age of 27 , I met a woman who violently changed my life . I wont ' go into details because they are not relevant to this story , I will just mention that the whole relationship was very violent , filled with lies and terror , with an atmosphere of insanity . During that time I was still thinking that I was a victim , that I 'm experiencing something I was not really deserving , but in fact I did . It was a very serious shook up from the destiny who was telling me : time to wake up , boy ! Do something with your life . If easy going is what you enjoy , well , I 'm not going to be easy on you . I 'm going to be extremely hard . And it was .
After a year of turmoil in that relationship , and another one of confusion in my personal life , I started my company . That was a relief , because I was doing something new , challenging and which helped build my self-esteem again . My personal life was still a mess , and it was only years after when it gradually started to shift in the right direction .
That was a very long time of self-sabotage .
The Morning After
I had a lot of self sabotage intervals , but as I consciously started to assess them , I realized that they are getting shorter and shorter . The longest one was the one described above , around 3 years . After that I had self sabotage intervals of several months , and then several weeks , and lately , those self-sabotage intervals are no longer than a few days . But there still are self sabotage intervals in my life and this is something that I have to live with .
Failure is part of our life , it 's an experience as valuable as success . Self sabotage , as a variety of failure , is just another way to experience reality . I 'm not rejecting it anymore , I 'm not fighting it . I do n't feel guilt or shame after I realize I just got out of a self sabotage period . I 'm trying to focus on what I call “ the morning after ” , the period in which I 'm waking up and start evaluating the effects .
And the damage I do seems to be shrinking more and more , the same way as the intervals are getting shorter and shorter . After each night ofÂ obscured consciousness I can breath out and start walking again , with more and more energy . Each time I learn something out of it . Each trigger of self sabotage is in fact a lesson that I have to assess . Each unsolved problem surface sooner or later and I have to face it . Running away and hiding it under the carpet is not an option anymore .
It 's in our human nature to fail , as it is to win . It 's a way of growing and getting stronger . We have to experience it fully , we ca n't pretend we 're failing and learn something from it , it just does n't work this way . We have to drink it up and see the effects . It would be so much easier to realize : hey I 'm in a self-sabotage period , I 'm doing something completely wrong . But we ca n't : we truly believe that we 're doing the right things by smashing things around us , hurting the loved ones and hurting ourselves .
I also realized that we can not prevent nor predict a self-sabotage period , we can not predict our failures , all we can do is to live them . All we can do is assess our failures , and get back on our feet again .
Ben Stokes is expected to play for Canterbury this weekend
A decision on whether England cricketer Ben Stokes will be charged after an incident outside a nightclub will not be made for several weeks at least .
Stokes , 26 , was arrested on suspicion of causing actual bodily harm after an incident in Bristol on 25 September in which a man suffered a fractured eye socket . He was released under investigation .
Avon & Somerset Police announced on Wednesday it had completed its investigation and sent the findings to the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) .
Stokes did not fly to Australia with the England squad in October for the current Ashes series .
At that time , the England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) said the Durham player would not be selected `` at this stage '' .
On Wednesday , Stokes landed in New Zealand and is expected to play for Canterbury in their domestic competition this weekend .
England trail 1-0 in the Ashes after a 10-wicket defeat in Brisbane .
What happens next ?
Once the CPS has made a decision , it will be the responsibility of Avon and Somerset Police to inform Stokes of the outcome .
If charges are brought , he will not need to be rearrested . He would either receive a charge in person or , more likely , be summoned by post to appear before magistrates .
The fact Stokes is in New Zealand , and in theory unable to check his post , would not be an issue as his lawyer would also be notified .
If charges are brought , a date would be set for Stokes to appear before magistrates . Typically this would be around four weeks after the decision .
To bring charges , the CPS would need to feel it had sufficient evidence for a realistic prospect of conviction and , if it did , the case would need to be deemed in the public interest to pursue prosecution .
Ben Stokes last played for England in their one-day win over West Indies on 24 September
Ben Stokes timeline
25 September - Ben Stokes and Alex Hales are involved in an incident at about 02:35 BST at Bristol 's Mbargo club which left another man needing hospital treatment for facial injuries . Stokes is arrested by Avon and Somerset Police on suspicion of causing actual bodily harm and released under investigation .
27 September - England include Stokes in their 16-man Ashes squad , despite him suffering a minor finger fracture on his right hand . Hale is not included .
27 September - The Sun newspaper releases footage that allegedly shows the incident involving Stokes and Hales .
28 September - ECB announces Stokes and Hales will not be considered for selection for England matches until further notice .
11 October - Stokes loses his sponsorship deal with sportswear brand New Balance . Stokes apologises to Katie Price and her disabled son Harvey for a video that showed him imitating a TV clip of the youngster .
28 October - England fly out to Australia for the Ashes without Stokes .
23 November - England lose the first Ashes Test against Australia by 10 wickets in Brisbane .
27 November - The ECB issues a statement denying Stokes is joining England 's squad after a picture was posted on Twitter which claimed to show him at Heathrow Airport .
29 November - Stokes arrives in New Zealand and is expected to play for Canterbury in the domestic Ford Trophy 50-over competition on Sunday .
[ ANNOUNCE ] Playstation 3 support now in HEAD
Yesterday , I imported support for the Sony Playstation 3 into our 64-bit PowerPC port , expanding our game console support into the current generation . There are still a few rough edges due to missing hardware support , but the machine boots and runs FreeBSD stably . These rough edges should be smoothed out in time for the 9.0 release . Thanks to Peter Grehan for donating the hardware that made this port possible . -Nathan Supported hardware : - Sony Playstation 3 Fat , firmware version < 3.21 - Netbooting only - 480i/480p only Instructions : The PS3 must be netbooted . First , acquire and install a copy of Petitboot from http : //ozlabs.org/~jk/projects/petitboot/ Next , set up a second machine with DHCP , NFS , and TFTP . Setup DHCP to netboot loader.ps3 over TFTP , with the root path pointing to an NFS directory . DHCP Setup : host ps3 { hardware ethernet XX : XX : XX : XX : XX : XX ; filename `` /loader.ps3 '' ; option host-name `` ps3 '' ; next-server 10.0.1.37 ; option root-path `` 10.0.1.37 : /usr/netboot-ps3 '' ; } NFS setup : mkdir /usr/netboot-ps3 cd /usr/src make buildworld installworld distribution TARGET=powerpc TARGET_ARCH=powerpc64 DESTDIR=/usr/netboot-ps3 Then share /usr/netboot-ps3 read/write over NFS with the PS3 . Connect a monitor set to 480i or 480p to the video output , and boot !
It has been argued that learning Japanese via anime is impossible , or at the very least ill-advised . I wo n't bore you with the arguments for and against ( Google “ learn Japanese anime ” for a taster ) , but perhaps even the most ardent naysayer could agree that exposure to natural conversational flow ca n't be a bad thing for your Nihongo level .
And if it 's anime you crave , streaming sites such as Netflix offer an ever-expanding smorgasbord of morsels to suit every appetite and palette . For those short on time , picking a series and snacking on an episode regularly may be your best bet , but where to start ? After all , at time of publication Netflix was offering upward 300 anime series on its Japan service .
Here are a few possibilities for starters , selected based on factors such as style , skill level and subtitle availability .
Tokyo Ghoul | SUI ISHIDAN/SHUEISHA , TOKYO GHOUL PRODUCTION COMMITTEE
『東京喰種 ( トーキョーグール ) 』 ( Tōkyō Gūru , Tokyo Ghoul ) is a bit of a gore fest but has plenty of potential for learning . The show follows young Kaneki Ken , a once normal 高校生 ( kōkōsei , high school student ) turned “ ghoul ” and his battle for survival in the underbelly of Tokyo . Each ghoul has a 赫子 ( かぐね , kagune ) , a bodily weapon used to fight other ghouls . The language is very normal and easy to follow , and like many action-packed anime , there are plenty of monologues to follow describing a battle or strategy .
The teen-angst quotient is high in this one too , with Kaneki vehemently rejecting his new lifestyle : “ ぼくはそんなじゃない、僕は人間なんだ！ ” ( Boku wa sonna janai , boku wa ningen nanda ! , “ I 'm not like that , I 'm a human ! ” ) .
With options of Japanese and English for both dialogue and subtitles , this is a great series for those looking for somewhere easy to start and eventually level-up from . With an opening scene involving a fight between a naked cannibal woman and a man doing a good impression of Freddy the Elm Street serial killer , there is a whole bunch of twisted stuff here for lovers of horror .
The Tatami Galaxy | ILLUSTRATION BY YUSUKE NAKAMURA ©THE TATAMI GALAXY COMMITTEE
『四畳半神話大系』 ( Yojōhan Shinwa Taikei , The Tatami Galaxy ) is a visually stunning , musically creative anime for a more advanced crowd . The narrative style is very fast-paced , so for those trying to master the soliloquy in Japanese , this is a great series for you . There are only Japanese subtitles , so this anime is full-on immersion only .
The plot is very philosophical , dealing with second chances and the call to action . Each episode starts with this theme , as 先輩 ( senpai , upperclassman ) chooses a new school club to test his luck : “ そして私が選びとったのは・・・ , ” ( Soshite , watashi ga erabi totta no wa … , “ And so I chose … ” ) . With the help of 下鴨神社の神 , ( Shimogamo Jinja no Kami , Shimogamo Shrine God ) , senpai is able to repeat the same actions until he finds the perfect club — and girlfriend .
Sword Art Online | ©REKI KAWAHARA/ASCII MEDIA WORKS/SAO PROJECT
『ソードアート・オンライン』 ( Sōdo-āto Onrain , Sword Art Online ) is a very popular series in Japan right now , and has just spawned a full-length movie . Set within a virtual reality video game from which no one can escape , there is plenty of drama , romance , action and tragedy . Also , if you die in the video game , you die in real life , so the stakes could n't be higher .
Players wear helmets that take them into the world of SAO when they utter the words “ リンクスタート！ ” ( Rinku sutāto ! , “ Link start ! ” ) The series ' protagonist , Kirito Kirigaya , was a beta tester of the game . On the day of its official release , he logs in and exclaims a confident “ もどってきたこの世界！ ” ( Modottekita kono sekai ! , “ I 'm back in this world ! ” ) , completely unaware of the impending dangers . With Japanese or English subtitles , this is an easy series to follow , and very entertaining to boot .
Honey and Clover | ©2005CHICA UMINO/SHUEISHA/HONEY AND CLOVER COMMITTEE .
『ハチミツとクローバー』 ( Hachimitsu to Kurōbā , Honey and Clover ) is a real love triangle ! This anime has a very distinct cutesy style , with a soundtrack to match .
The story follows a group of art college friends and their pains and triumphs in 愛 ( ai , love ) . The dialogue is a little corny , but everyone needs to be a bit cheesy sometimes , right ? There are subtitles available in Japanese , so this is recommended for experienced heartbreakers .
The opening scene reflects on the main character 's past , and he asks himself , “ あの時僕が試したかったのはいったい何だったんだろう ” ( Ano toki boku ga tameshitakatta no wa ittai nan-dattan-darō , meaning “ What on Earth did I want to try back then ? ” ) . The story that follows is a reflection of this phrase , as he embarks on a journey through past love and self-identity .
『日常』 ( Nichijō , Everyday ) is a laugh-a-minute antidote to the tears of “ Honey and Clover. ” There are no subtitles available for this series , but the slapstick comedy style does n't really warrant them if you have some basic Japanese knowledge .
The series follows three high school girls as the distinctly out-of-the-ordinary intrudes on their everyday lives , hence the title . The language used can be a little harsh for polite young ladies , but those with friends who like to goof around will learn all sorts of useful cultural gags . For example , there 's the girls ' surreal variation on ジャンケンポン ( jan ken pon , rock paper scissors ) in which two characters come up with strange alternatives to the three usual options , which always ends with a laugh . There is also a 90-second-long battle to catch a sausage before it hits the ground . Although unsuccessful , Yuko , one of the girls , states that because of the 三秒 ルール ( sanbyō rūru , the three-second rule , ) the sausage is safe . Mio , her friend , replies , “ なんかもういっぱいいっぱいアウトだよ. ” ( “ Nanka mō , ippai ippai dayo ! , “ It was definitely out ! ” )
For those who want a break from boring , grammar-heavy lessons , this show is a hysterically fun way to learn friendly Japanese .
Regardless of taste , Netflix Japan 's anime section has got you covered . From horror to action to philosophy , there is something for everyone . Whether you are a beginner or an advanced student of the language , learning Japanese can be fun and easy with some wonderful stories and characters to guide the way .
Neflix Japan 's anime series : the full list
Although this list should be correct at time of publication , it is likely to change considerably as Netflix adds and deletes shows and features over time .
English and Japanese audio and subtitles
Cyborg 009 VS Devilman ( also Korean , Portuguese and simplified Chinese subs )
Cyborg 009 : Call of Justice
Fullmetal Alchemist ( also Portugese , Simple Chinese and Traditional Chinese subs )
Tokyo Ghoul
English and Japanese audio
Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood ( no subs )
Yuki Yuna is a Hero ( English subs only )
English and Japanese subtitles
Gunslinger Girl
Little Witch Academia ( also Portuguese , Korean , Simple Chinese and Traditional Chinese )
Peeping Life — The Perfect Edition
Peeping Life — The Perfect Emotion
Peeping Life — The Perfect Explosion
Peeping Life — The Perfect Extension
Peeping Life 5.0ch
Peeping Life : World History
She and Her Cat : Everything Flows
Sword Art Online
English subtitles only ( Japanese audio )
Durarara ! !
Durarara ! ! X2
The Irregular at Magic High School
Mushi-shi
Sword Art Online II
Japanese subtitles only
Actually , I Am …
AJIN : Demi-Human
Amanchu !
Anne Happy
Anohana : The Flower we Saw That Day
Aqua Marin
Arpeggio of Blue Steel
Attack on Titan
Chaos ; Child
Chiko , Heiress of the Phantom Thief
Code Geass : Akito the Exiled
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion
Crayon Shin-chan
Cross Ange : Rondo of Angel and Dragon
Cutie Honey
Devilman
Digimon Adventure
Digimon Universe Appli Monsters
Dinosaur King
The Disastrous Life of Saiki K .
Doraemon
Eden of the East
Elfen Lied
Erased
The Files of Young Kindaichi
Galaxy Express 999
Gegege no Kitarou
Ghost in The Shell : S.A.C 2nd Gig
Ghost in The Shell : Stand Alone Complex
Guilty Crown
Gundam Build Fighters
Hakuouki
Hanasaku Iroha
Handshakers
Heart Catch Pretty Cure !
Hell Teacher Nube
Honey and Clover
Kono Suba 2
Kuroko 's Basketball
The Laughing Salesman
Lupin The Third Part 4
Masamune-kun 's Revenge
The Mightiest Disciple Kenichi Ova
Minami Kamakura High School Girls Cycling Club
Mobile Suit Gundam
Mobile Suit Gundam 00
Mobile Suit Gundam Seed
Mobile Suit Gundam Wing
Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam
Mononoke
Nobunaga Concerto
Nodame Cantabile Finale
Nodame Cantabile The Animation
Patalliro !
Ping Pong The Animation
Planetarian : The Reverie of a Little Planet
Pocket Monsters
Prince Mackaroo : The 20th Anniversary Selection
Princess Jellyfish
Psycho Pass
Psycho Pass 2
Ristorante Paradiso
Saekano : How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend
Sagrada Reset
Sanrio Characters Pon Pon Jump
The Seven Deadly Sins
Sketchbook Full Color 's
Skip Beat !
The Snack World
Star Knight Tekkaman Blade
Sugarbunnies
Sugarbunnies Chocolat !
Tales of the Abyss
The Tatami Galaxy
Tenchi Muyo ! War on Geminar
Terror in Resonance
Tiger & Bunny
Tokyo Magnitude 8.0
Toradora !
Trickster
Tsugumomo
Usagi Drop
Ushio and Tora
When They Cry
Wolf Girl and Black Prince
Working ! ! !
Yamada-Kun and the Seven Witches
Your Lie in April
Yuru Yuri
Yuru Yuri San Hai
Yuruyuri
Yuriyuri Nachu Yachumi
No subtitles
Accel World / The Adventures of Tom Sawyer / Aikatsu / Aldnoah.Zero / And You Thought There is Never A Girl Online / Angel Beats / Anne of Green Gables / AntiMagic Academy 35th Test Platoon / Ao no Kanata no Forizumu / Aria / Aria the Scarlet Ammo / Aria the Scarlet Ammo AA / Armored Trooper Votoms / Armored Trooper Votoms : Shining Heresy / Ashita no Jo 2
Baby Steps / Baccano ! / Bakemonogatari / Bakuman / Bakuman 2 / Bakuman 3 / Basilisk / Beck : Mongolian Chop Squad / Before Green Gables / Berserk / Berusaiyu no Bara ( Rose of Versailles ) / Black Butler ( 2008 ) ( Kuro Shitsuji ) / Black Butler ( 2010 ) / Black Butler : Book of Circus / Black Lagoon / Blast of Tempest / Blood-C / Bokurano / Bottom Biting Bug / Bungo
Stray Dogs / Campione ! / Cardcaptor Sakura / Cat 's Eye / A Certain Magical Index / A Certain Magical Index II / Charlotte / Chibi Maruko-chan 2 / City Hunter / Conan , the Boy in Future / A Corpse is Buried Under Sakurako 's Feet / Cowboy BeBop / Cross Game
D.Gray-man / Daddy-Long-Legs / Dagashikashi / Daily Lives of High School Boys / Danganronpa 3 : The End of Hope 's Peak Academy / Danganronpa : The Animation / Darker Than Black / Darker Than Black : The Gemini of the Meteor / The Devil is a Part-Timer ! / Devil May Cry / Dog of Flanders / Downtown Story / Dragon Ball / Dragon Ball Z
Fairy Tale / Fate/stay night / Fist of The North Star / Flone on the Marvelous Island / Flood Wars ! Shokugeki no Soma / From the Apennines to the Andes / Frozen Dessert / Fullmetal Panic ? Fumoffu / Fullmetal Panic / Fusen Inu Tinii / Future Diary / Fuuka
Gabriel Dropout / Gakkatsu ! / Ganbare ! Lulu & Lolo — The Tiny Twin Bears / Gantz / Gate / Gin Tama / Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash / Gurasu no Hanmen / Gurren Lagann
Haganai / Haganai NEXT / Haikyu ! ! / Haikyu 2 / Hell Girl / Hello Kitty : The Apple Forrest and the Parallel Town / Hello Kitty : The Fantasy of the Apple Forest / Hello Kitty : The Mystery of the Apple Forest / The Heroic Legend of Arslan / High School DxD / High School DxD NEW / High School DxD BorN /
ID-0 / Ikkyu-san / Infinite Stratos / Inuyasha : The Final Act / Inuyasha / Invaders of the Rokujyoma ! ? / Is the Order a Rabbit ? Season 1 / Is the Order a Rabbit ? Season 2 / Izetta : The Last Witch
JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure / Joker Game / Kamisama Kiss season 1 / Kamisa Kiss season 2 / Kantai collection / Katanagatari / Katri , the Cow Girl / Keijo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! / Kenichi : The Mightiest Disciple / Kero Kero Keroppi : Hasunoue Town / Kids on the Slope / Kill la Kill / Kingdom / Kingdom Series 2 / Kinnikuman / Knights of Sidonia / Kono Suba / Kuromukuro / Kyoukai no Rinne
Last Exile / Life in A Different World From Zero / Le Chevalier D ' Eon / Legends of the Dark King : A Fist of the North Star Story / Les Miserables : Shoujo Cosette / Let 's Learn with Hello Kitty / Linebarrels of Iron / Little Lord Fauntleroy / Little Princess / Little Women 1 / Little Women 2 / Log Horizon / The Lost Village / Lupin the Third Part 1 / Lupin the Third Part 2 /
Lupin the Third Part 3
Magi : Adventure / of Sinbad / Magi : The Labyrinth of Magic / Magical Raising Project / Maison Ikkoku / Major 1 / Major 2 / Manga Nihon Mukashibanashi / Marginal # 4 / Mazinger Z / Mcdull , Kung Fu Kindergarten / The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya / Mikosuri Han-Gekijou / Mob Psycho 100 / Mobile Fighter G Gundam / Monthly Girls Nozoki Kun / Moribito : Guardian of the Spirit / Mr. Osomatsu / Mr. Muscleman Second Generation 1 / Mr. Muscleman Second Generation 2 / Mukakunin de Shinkokei / Mushi-shi -Next Passage- / My 3 Daughters / My Bride Is a Mermaid / My Little Monster
Nadia , The Secret of Blue Water / Nagi-Asu : A Lull in the Sea / Nameko : Sekai No Tomodachi / Nekomonogatari -Black- / Nichijou / 91 Days / Ninja Boy Rantarou 17th series / Nisemonogatari / No Game No Life / Nodame Cantabile Paris / Non Non Biyori / Non Non Biyori Repeat / Nontan / Noragami / Noragami Aragoto
Omakase ! Mirakurukyattodan / One Week Friends / Overlord
The Perrine Story / Persona4 the Animation / Persona4 the Golden Animation / Peter Pan and Wendy / Phi Brain : Puzzle of God / Planetes / Plastic Memories / Pokémon Sun and Moon / Pollyanna / Prince Mackaroo / Prince Mackaroo : The 20th Anniversary Selection /
Prison School
Ranma ½ / Rascal / Re : Life in a Different World from Zero / Romeo and the Black Brothers /
Ronja , the Robber 's Daughter
Saga of Tanya the Evil / Sailor Moon / Sailor Moon Crystal / Saint Seiya : The Lost Canvas / Saki / Saki : Episode of Side A / Saki : Zenkoku-hen / Samurai 7 / School Rumble / School — Live ! / Schoolgirl Strikers / Sgt . Frog / Shimajiro Hesoka / Simajiro no Wao ! / Shima Shiam Tora no Shimajiro / Slam Dunk / Sore Ike ! Zukkoke Sannin Gumi / Southern Rainbow / Space Sagittarius / Spice and Wolf / Spice and Wolf II / Steins ; Gate / Strike the Blood / Sugarbunnies Fleur / Supernatural : The Animation / Sushi and Beyond
Tama and Friends / Tari Tari / Terraformars / Three Leaves , Three Colors / Tico and Friends / Tokyo Ravens / Touken Ranbu : Hanamaru / The Trapp Family Story / Tsubasa : Reservoir Chronicle / The Twelve Kingdoms
Urusai Yatsura
The Vision of Escaflowne
Wasimo / Witchblade / Working ! ! / Working ' ! ! 2 / World Trigger
Yokai Watch / Yona of the Dawn / Yowamushi Pedal / Yowamushi Pedal Grand Road
Zipang
HORRIFIC crime scene photos have been revealed which show the shocking moments after a 'cannibal ' killer allegedly attacked a couple and chewed on the dead man 's face .
Frat boy Austin Harrouff stands accused of brutally murdering John Stevens and Michelle Mishcon at their home Jupiter , Florida , on August 15 this year .
Martin County Attorney 's Office 10 Cops struggled to overpower the muscly student
Martin County Attorney 's Office 10 Harrouff spat a chunk of 'human flesh ' out of his mouth
CBS4 10 The victims Michelle Mishcon , 53 , and her husband , John Stevens III , 59
Martin County Attorney 's Office 10 A blood-covered lock-knife recovered by cops
Now prosecutors have released startling images which show the 19-year-old student being handcuffed and taken away by police and with his mouth agape .
In one particularly chilling picture , it looks like he has something stuck on his teeth .
There are also photos of a bloody knife and a pair of scissors and images showing splatters inside the house .
Another picture was taken in the garage where Mishcon 's body was found , reports the Mail Online .
The grisly images were released after court documents revealed Harrouff spat a chunk of flesh out of his mouth when speaking to officers .
He then admitted it was 'human ' .
Related Stories 'HELP ME ... I ATE SOMETHING BAD ' Cops claim 'cannibal ' teen was caught biting the face of a man 'he had killed in knife attack along with his wife ' BUTCHERED FOR PARTY FOOD Cannibals raped woman in sauna before chopping her up and serving her to party guests Love Bite Women are flocking to date this ‘ Cannibal Cop ' whose flesh-eating sexual fetish landed him in prison ZOMBIE DRUG RAMPAGE Teen high on ‘ superhuman ' drug 'attacked mum and son after cannonballing through window ' STABBED , HANGED AND EATEN Devastated father says his 25-year-old son was murdered then eaten by a cannibal in prison mutiny MAN-EATERS 10 of the world 's grizzliest cannibal cases from Jeffrey Dahmer to Luka Magnotta
Harrouff reportedly told deputies , `` Help me , I ate something bad '' admitting it was `` humans '' .
It was then he spat out the piece of flesh , court documents show .
He then pleaded with officers to kill him , saying : `` shoot me now , I deserve to die . ''
Police have told how when they arrived at the tragic couple 's home , they found the accused sitting in his underwear making animal noises and biting John Stevens ' face .
Despite using an electric stun gun on him the muscly student would n't let go of Mr Stevens .
It was only when he was bitten by a police dog that he could be overpowered .
Ms Mishcon 's body was then found .
Martin County Attorney 's Office 10 The police stun gun officers say they used on the 19-year-old
Martin County Attorney 's Office 10 A bloody Nike trainer found near the murder scene
According to police reports , the former college footballer had been acting strangely in the run up to the attack .
His mother told police he claimed to have superpowers and thought there were demons in the house .
Harrouff 's father , Wade Harrouff , told investigators they had gone for a walk the afternoon before the killings and came across two turtle shells . He said his son pulled out a knife and said something was going to happen .
He said he convinced his son to put away the knife , which was later found near the victims .
Martin County Attorney 's Office 10 A police dog was needed to help tackle the American football player
Martin County Attorney 's Office 10 Splatters of blood were found at the couple 's home
Eyevine 10 Harrouffs attorney said that her client is mentally ill
Martin County Attorney 's Office 10 A letter Austin Harrouff wrote to himself on January 6 , 2014
After a bizarre family meal at a nearby sports bar , where Harrouff tried to eat cooking oil , he walked the four miles to the couple 's home .
The crime reports details a brutal attack , with blood found all over the couple 's driveway and their bodies displaying major wounds .
Both were pronounced dead at the scene .
The court was also told on Wednesday the Florida college student had no detectable hallucinogenic drugs in his system , according an FBI toxicology report .
Nellie King , Harrouff 's attorney , said Wednesday that her client is mentally ill .
Harrouff has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder and other charges . He could face the death penalty if convicted .
Prosecutors declined comment .
Football hardly seems important in N17 today . Regards to the families and good people of Tottenham .
Here 's part 1 of the season preview – an overview . More on Tuesday , earlier if I pull my finger out – the best of the rest , tactics and off the field
Season 2011-12 represents a watershed in the modern history of Tottenham Hotspur Football Club . Add two or three players to a squad bursting with talent and ambition , Spurs have a side that could compete with the League 's elite this season and found a modern dynasty as success breeds success . Get it wrong even by the smallest margin and the consequences will reverberate for years to come . We wo n't notice anything to begin with – we 'll do all right as we are . Then , gradually , the momentum of a season in the Champions League will dissipate and some of of the brightest emerging talents in Europe will leave , disillusioned . Fade to grey .
I prefer evidence to rumour , reality to fantasy . Although there 's little transfer gossip in these pages , even I have reached the point where the next striker who arrives will receive a personal welcome upon a carpet of rose petals and garlanded with handpicked flowers . The season begins not against Everton on Saturday but when the transfer window closes . It 's not right .
Last summer 's failure to strengthen our ability to score goals was a significant moment . However , this time it 's now or never . Key players are a year older and four or five years wiser , battle hardened veterans of Europe where they earned as much in defeat as in victory . Not only that , they hunger for glory , having whetted their appetite . The difference is , now they know what to do and that they can do it . Also , all summer I have said that never mind who comes in , the absolute imperative is who stays . if we do n't make it this time , There 's no way we can resist the instable demands and unrestricted resources of top teams in this country and abroad . By the end of August , our plans could be in tatters . Now is the time .
The Core
Spurs can build the team around the sumptuous Luka Modric , a supremely skilled footballer and precious playmaker . At his feet , football becomes a thing of wonder and beauty , yet his real value to the team is as the fulcrum around which everything flows and revolves . Criticism of his lack of stature by the unseeing and unknowing is laughable . He 's fearless in the tackle , his work rate not in question .
He 's brave in another sense too . He rarely takes the easy option , making himself readily available to colleagues in all areas of the pitch and when in possession seeking the ball that means something rather than handing over responsibility to someone else to make things happen . If that should be in two or three passes time , he anticipates and moves to be in the right place at the right time . Would that his team-mates were so acute .
Alongside him we have two of the best young prospects in Europe , Gareth Bale and Sandro . The threat posed by Bale 's power and direct running first took our breath away at the Lane then was reflected in the glazed empty eyes of a succession of terrorised Premier League right-backs . Europe sat bolt upright when he destroyed the European Champions over two games . In 40 years I 've never seen so much skill on the ball coupled with such rampant athleticism .
Yet even he could be eclipsed by Sandro . After a hesitant start under the unaccustomed pressure of English football , he not merely found his feet , he made an exponential leap . Again Europe was his platform with performances of remarkable maturity . He 's a real defensive midfielder , mobile , physically very strong and comfortable on the ball and utterly fearless in his challenges in his own box . The possibilities are limitless .
Step forward big Tom Huddlestone . Say that every year . His progress has been held back by injury but perhaps it 's given him time to reflect on how he can add anticipation and positional sense to his superb passing and control .
Further forward we have Rafa Van der Vaart . His late arrival surprised Redknapp to the point where he was n't quite sure where to play him . A central free role in front of midfield makes the best use of his eye for an opening , speed of thought and execution plus his accurate shooting . The opposition simply can not contain him for the whole 90 minutes .
Recently I was asked to name my best ever Spurs team from players I 've actually seen , which in my case is 1967 onwards . Without hesitation Ledley King took precedence even over over greats like Mike England . His strength , pace and anticipation coupled with precise timing in the challenge make him the perfect centre back . His injury is tragic for a man loyal to the club and who deserves worldwide recognition . We ca n't rely on him being available regularly , if at all , but I refuse to right him off until I see him trundling down the High Road in a wheelchair , and even then I 'd be inclined to give him a go . He may have 15 or 20 games a season in him , but think what he could give us if Redknapp chooses the right 15 or 20 .
Michael Dawson has overcome his lack of pace to become a giant of the penalty box , a true leader . he wants to win so much , his passion is infectious . He 's also a fine example to younger players hoping to break into the team . When many said he was not good enough , he was determined to prove otherwise . Out of the picture for a time , he took his opportunity a couple of years ago as if it were his last , and has never looked back even after a serious knee injury on international duty . Like he 's never been away , back he came , unflinching in the tackle and a steely glint in his eye . Our captain , our inspiration .
Alongside him he has the canny Gallas , another man who could have allowed his career to slip away in comfortable well-paid security but who took on the challenge of not only the Premier League but also of playing for the bitter rivals of his previous teams . His commitment and experience won over even the greatest cynic , culminating in a defensive masterclass at the Emirates .
He may look at times like a labrador puppy , long-limbed and unco-ordinated , but Younis Kaboul is proving to be one of Harry 's shrewdest signings . Another man anxious to take his chance , he has the pace , power and touch to become a top quality centre half . i expect much from him in the months and years to come .
The Problems
So that 's what we 've got , and it 's a lot . The main problem is , there 's no mention of a striker so far . Pointless if we do n't have anyone to make and score goals on a regular basis . Last season we were embarrassingly lacking in this respect and all this prodigious talent will be criminally wasted if we do n't right that wrong .
Best of the bunch was Pavlyuchenko . Scorned by a manager supposedly famous for his man-management skills , Pav was toddling along , not doing much and apparently not too bothered , oblivious of what was going around him and of haircuts post 1971 . Through clenched teeth Redknapp was forced to name him because the others were so bad . Pav blew hot and cold . I 'm sure his YouTube showreel makes him look like a world-beater as the shots thumped in from range towards the close of the least season , yet on other occasions his amateurish control and poor link-up play made one despair . Give him a yard to move onto the ball – look at those goals again , see what I mean – he 's a world beater but that 's the yard you do n't get that often in the Premier League .
Defoe 's work rate improved in inverse proportion to his ability to create danger in the box . A couple of piledrivers show his talent but we need him in the box . Too often he hung back in the comfort zone rather than hammer to the edge of the 6 yard box . In so doing he often bumped into Crouch , ambling towards the back post . It 's a refrain familiar to readers of this blog over the last 12 months . Play Crouch and sure , you will always get something . The point is , we could get something more from the players at our disposal . His presence encourages the long ball , as did sadly the coaches ' tactical talks towards the end of last season . At a stroke the advantages of our passing game are largely nullified . Opponents know where the ball is going to go and anticipation is two thirds of the battle . A nudge in the back and he 's out of the game .
Redknapp 's quintessentially British big man/little man up front is outmoded in the modern game . We need two pacy , mobile strikers able to bring others into the game . If they do so , we can improve on the goals from midfield total , an area where we 've been lacking of late . If the man can poach 20 goals a season , so much the better , but he does n't have to be a high scorer provided he makes the team play . VDV and Luka are desperate to slide balls into the space or to pick up a late runner from midfield .
At the other end , Gomes proved the doubters wrong once before , now he has to do so all over again . The occasional ricket from this likeable , agile keeper was outweighed tenfold by fabulous full-stretch saves but just as his confidence off his line increased , the mistakes became a habit . Friedel is a sound signing , both as back-up and to give the Brazilian a nudge without undermining him . His opening month will be crucial for him and the team .
High Stakes
Without raising ridiculous expectations , there 's potential busting out of N17 0AP . I 'm convinced Levy has money available for transfers and does not have to rely on sales to fund incoming players . The men we want are much in demand and his legendary bargaining qualities will be fully stretched over the next two weeks .
Keep what we have . Adding a couple of strikers plus a centre half will work wonders to a quality squad all set to achieve . Players are maturing . They 've learned to be resilient in Europe , a quality they must take to every single league game . Redknapp has to stir it all together , it 's a tasty future . Fail this time around and it will all fall apart .
More next week – the squad , the tactics , off the field
