REUTERS - Palestinian lawmakers have accused Israel of an anti-democratic crackdown as the Gaza war rages , with dozens of elected officials detained , placed under investigation or restricted in their movements .
Of the 84 MPs elected to the Palestinian parliament from the West Bank and East Jerusalem in 2006 , 36 are in Israeli jails , two-thirds of them under what is known as `` administrative detention , '' where the evidence against them is not disclosed .
The measures are among the harshest ever against elected Palestinians in the occupied territories and come on top of restrictions imposed on Arab-Israelis in the Israeli parliament .
In the latest move , Khalida Jarrar , an MP from Ramallah , the main city in the West Bank , said she was woken up by Israeli troops in the early hours of Wednesday and told she had 24 hours to leave the city and move to Jericho , in the desert .
The military said Jarrar , a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine - a party with an armed wing that is regarded as a terrorist group by Israel - had been `` actively inciting for violent actions against Israel '' .
`` Even speech has become illegal in their ad hoc and contrived legal system , '' said Mona Mansour , a Palestinian MP from the northern city of Nablus and one of the few elected Hamas officials not in prison .
`` Politicians have no role in military activity , '' she said . `` What ( the Israelis ) are doing violates Palestinians ' right to representation as enshrined in international law . ''
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
Yigal Palmor , a spokesman for the Israeli foreign ministry , said it should not be a surprise that MPs from Hamas and other groups were detained since membership of a terrorist organization fighting Israel would `` constitute a violation '' .
As well as the detention of parliamentarians in the occupied West Bank , Israel has taken steps against Arab-Israeli members of its own parliament , the Knesset .
Around a fifth of Israel 's 8 million people are Arab-Israeli - Palestinians who hold Israeli citizenship - although they have only 12 of the 120 seats in parliament .
Three of those Arab-Israeli MPs are under investigation for having visited Qatar this week , a trip the Knesset 's ethics committee said was not authorized . Qatar is a significant ally of Hamas , the militant group fighting Israel in Gaza .
Bassel Ghattas , a member of the left-wing Balad party and one of those who travelled to Qatar , said he went to appear on al-Jazeera TV and carry out other media interviews . He accused Israel of being intolerant of criticism .
`` Whether inside Israel or in the occupied territories , ( they ) can not tolerate the presence of Arab parliamentarians being active and critical , '' he told Reuters .
Haneen Zoabi , another Balad MP , was banned last month from speaking in the Knesset for six months after she said the Palestinians accused of abducting and killing three Israeli teenagers in June were not terrorists .
While she can still vote , the ban is the harshest ever imposed on a Knesset member , officials say .
Israeli police this week recommended that Zoabi be charged after she accused Arab-Israeli policemen of being collaborators for arresting citizens protesting against the Gaza war .
The Montague Bookmill is a used bookstore housed in an 1842 gristmill , set on the banks of the Sawmill River , a few miles north of Amherst and Northampton , Massachusetts .
Winter Hours :
Open everyday except Christmas and Thanksgiving 10 am - 6 pm
Our collection leans toward the academic , but we have thousands of books , on just about everything from Austen and anarchy to Zola and zoology . Our books are generally half-price , including recent publisher 's overstocks . Do n't look for our catalogue online ; we 're not that bookstore . But if we ca n't find the book you 're looking for , we 'll find you a better one you did n't know you wanted .
The Montague Mill is also home to Sawmill River Arts and the newest outpost of the Turn It Up ! music and movie empire . There is great food and drink all day and deep into the night at the astonishing Lady Killigrew Cafe . And downstairs is the fantastic Alvah Stone Restaurant and Bar . If you were dining any closer to the water there would be fish in your lap .
We have concerts and performances spring , summer and fall . The Bookmill and its environs are an amazing and lovely place where you can lose yourself for hours . We 've been lost here for years .
Find us on facebook ... and Twitter ...
Recent Articles :
Katherine Brooks @ huffingtonpost says we are one of the 50 best indie bookstores in America ... but no rooms for rent , sorry !
Salon.com They say we 're one of the `` world 's most inspiring bookstores . '' Aw , shucks .
Los Angeles Times
Photo Tour - Publisher 's Weekly An entirely unsolicited , yet exceptional , guided Photo Tour by Alison Morris of Publisher 's Weekly .
The Boston Globe - Slide show
The Boston Globe - New review !
The New York Times
The Iranian government is reportedly furious after Google Maps satellite images revealed a Star of David painted on the roof of the Iran Air headquarters .
The building was constructed by Israeli engineers before the 1979 Islamic Revolution , when the two countries were much closer . The Jerusalem Post wondered whether the symbol of Judaism had been added by `` Israeli prankster architects '' .
The Star of David can be seen in the centre of the roof of the Iran Air building .
Iranian media said government officials were incensed by the discovery and have called for the Star of David to be removed from the building , which houses Iran 's national airline .
`` It 's interesting that even 32 years after the victory of the revolution , this Zionist star symbol has yet to be removed from the building , '' one Iranian site wrote .
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy , together with our Terms of Use , governs BtcGhana collection , processing and use of your Personal Information . As used in this PrivacyPolicy , `` BtcGhana '' is a remittance platform using Bitcoin as the medium and its under a register company Pak Universal Services , including , withoutlimitation , its owners , directors , investors , employees or other related parties . Depending upon the context .
`` Personal Information '' refers to information that identifies an individual , such as name , address , e-mail address , trading information , and bankingdetails . “ Personal Information ” does not include anonymised and/or aggregated data that does not identify a specific user .
Pak Universal Services and its affiliates ( hereinafter , `` BtcGhana '' , `` we '' , `` us '' or `` our '' ) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy . Thepurpose of this Privacy Policy is to describe :
The types of Personal Information we collect and how it may be used
Our use of cookies and similar technology
How and why we may disclose your Personal Information to third parties
The transfer of your Personal Information across international borders
Your right to access , correct , update , and delete your Personal Information
The security measures we use to protect and prevent the loss , misuse , or alteration of Personal Information
BtcGhana 's retention of your Personal Information .
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect the Personal Information you provide directly to us when you open a BtcGhana Account , perform any transactions on the BtcGhana Platform , or useother BtcGhana Services . This may include :
Contact information , such as name , home address , and email address .
Account information , such as username and password .
Financial information , such as bank account numbers , bank statement , and trading information .
Identity verification information , such as images of your government issued ID , passport , national ID card , or driving license . Note : US residents maybe asked to provide their social security numbers .
Residence verification information , such as Utility bill details or similar information .
We also automatically collect certain computer , device , and browsing information when you access the BtcGhana website or use BtcGhana Services . Thisinformation is aggregated to provide statistical data about our users ' browsing actions and patterns , and does not personally identify individuals . Thisinformation may include :
Computer or mobile device information , including IP address , operating system , browser type .
Website usage information .
The BtcGhana site is using cookies . Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit . They are widely used in orderto make websites work , or work more efficiently and to provide information to the owners of the site .
Cookies are typically stored on your computer 's hard drive . Information collected from cookies is used by us to evaluate the effectiveness of our Site , analyze trends , and administer the Platform . The information collected from cookies allows us to determine such things as which parts of our Site are mostvisited and difficulties our visitors may experience in accessing our Site . With this knowledge , we can improve the quality of your experience on thePlatform by recognizing and delivering more of the most desired features and information , as well as by resolving access difficulties . We also use cookiesand/or a technology known as web bugs or clear gifs , which are typically stored in emails to help us confirm your receipt of , and response to , our emailsand to provide you with a more personalized experience when using our Site .
We use third party service provider ( s ) , to assist us in better understanding the use of our Site . Our service provider ( s ) will place cookies on the harddrive of your computer and will receive information that we select that will educate us on such things as how visitors navigate around our site , whatproducts are browsed , and general Transaction information . Our service provider ( s ) analyses this information and provides us with aggregate reports . Theinformation and analysis provided by our service provider ( s ) will be used to assist us in better understanding our visitors ' interests in our Site and howto better serve those interests . The information collected by our service provider ( s ) may be linked to and combined with information that we collect aboutyou while you are using the Platform . Our service provider ( s ) is/are contractually restricted from using information they receive from our Site other thanto assist us .
We may use your Personal Information to :
Process your BtcGhana transactions . We will process your Personal Information only for the purpose ( s ) for which it has been provided to us .
Verify your identity in accordance with the International Money Laundering Regulations , as well as address other law enforcement needs as more fullydescribed in our Terms of Use . With respect to US residents , we also may share your information with other financial institutions as authorized underSection 314 ( b ) of the US Patriot Act , and with tax authorities , including the US Internal Revenue Service , pursuant to the Foreign Account TaxCompliance Act ( `` FATCA '' ) , to the extent that this statute may be determined to apply to BtcGhana .
Personalise your user experience .
Analyse BtcGhana website usage , and improve our website and website offerings .
Help us respond to your customer service requests and support needs .
Contact you about BtcGhana Services . The email address you provide may be used to communicate information and updates related to your use of theBtcGhana Services . We may also occasionally communicate company news , updates , promotions , and related information relating to similar products andservices provided by BtcGhana .
Administer a contest , promotion , survey or other site features as will be more explained on the website .
DISCLOSING AND TRANSFERRING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties and legal and regulatory authorities , and transfer your Personal Information acrossinternational borders , as described below .
In processing your transactions , we may share some of your Personal Information with third party service providers who help with our business operations.Your information will not be sold , exchanged , or shared with any third parties without your consent , except to provide BtcGhana Services or as required bylaw . By using our Services and accepting our Terms of Use , you consent to the disclosure of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy .
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to third parties for marketing , advertising , or other uses .
BtcGhana 's third party service providers are contractually bound to protect and use such information only for the purposes for which it was disclosed , except as otherwise required or permitted by law . We ensure that such third parties will be bound by terms no less protective those described in thisPrivacy Policy , or those we are subject to under applicable data protection laws .
We may share your Personal Information with law enforcement , data protection authorities , government officials , and other authorities when :
Compelled by subpoena , court order , or other legal procedure .
We believe that the disclosure is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss .
Disclosure is necessary to report suspected illegal activity .
Disclosure is necessary to investigate violations of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use .
We store and process your Personal Information in data centres around the world , wherever BtcGhana facilities or service providers are located . Suchtransfers are undertaken in accordance with our legal and regulatory obligations .
EXTERNAL WEBSITES
Occasionally , the BtcGhana website may provide references or links to other websites ( `` External Websites '' ) . We do not control these External Websites thirdparty sites or any of the content contained therein . You agree that we are in no way responsible or liable for External Websites referenced or linked fromthe BtcGhana website , including , but not limited to , website content , policies , failures , promotions , products , services or actions and/or any damages , losses , failures or problems caused by , related to , or arising from those sites .
External Websites have separate and independent privacy policies . We encourage you to review the policies , rules , terms , and regulations of each site thatyou visit . We seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about External Website information provided on the BtcGhana website .
You have the right to access your Personal Information to correct , update , and block inaccurate and/or incorrect data . To exercise this right , contact usat info @ btcghana.com
We use a variety of security measures to ensure the confidentiality of your Personal Information , and to protect your Personal Information from loss , theft , unauthorised access , misuse , alteration or destruction . These security measures include , but are not limited to :
Password protected directories and databases .
Secure Sockets Layered ( SSL ) technology to ensure that your information is fully encrypted and sent across the Internet securely .
We retain Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfil purposes described in this Privacy Policy , subject to our own legal and regulatoryobligations . In accordance with our record keeping obligations , we will retain Account and other Personal Information for at least five years after anAccount is closed .
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
BtcGhana has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time . When we do , we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page . We encourageUsers to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect . Youacknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications .
Account.The contractual arrangement wherein a BtcGhana Member has accepted our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , and received approval to use the BtcGhana Services .
BtcGhana Platform.Hardware and software technologies used by BtcGhana to provide the Service as set out in our Terms of Use .
Personal Information.Information that identifies an individual , such as name , address , e-mail address , trading information . “ Personal Information ” does not include anonymisedand/or aggregated data that does not identify a specific user .
Service ( s ) .The technological platform and functional rules managed by BTCGhana to permit members to perform transactions .
Transaction.The transfer of Bitcoins to our Service .
Please contact us with questions , comments , or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices at info @ btcGhana.com
The parent company of Fox News has helped to finance the career of Hillary Clinton . In fact , the company has helped a lot .
21st Century Fox/News Corp. ranks ninth on the list of the top “ corporate and union donors to the Clintons over two decades , ” according to a little-noticed list compiled by The Wall Street Journal in 2014 . The list counts donations from “ companies , foundations , and employees . ”
21st Century Fox also ranks as the 13th biggest contributor to Hillary Clinton during her political career , according to a database maintained by the Center for Responsive Politics . The database credits the Rupert Murdoch-owned company as having pitched in $ 340,936 to her campaigns . That puts Fox just below Lehman Brothers , but eleven spots below second-place Goldman Sachs , on the pro-Clinton list .
“ The organizations themselves did not donate , rather the money came from the organizations ' PACs , their individual members or employees or owners , and those individuals ' immediate families . Organization totals include subsidiaries and affiliates , ” the database notes .
Murdoch 's charitable foundation and his son James are also contributors to the Clinton Foundation , which is now reportedly being examined by the FBI , which is investigating Hillary Clinton for possible Espionage Act violations regarding her private email use and also possible instances of public corruption regarding the Foundation .
The News Corporation Foundation is listed on the Clinton Foundation website as a donor to the tune of between $ 500,001 and $ 1,000,000 , placing it alongside progressive donor heavyweights like Peter Lewis and Paul Newman 's foundation .
James R. Murdoch , meanwhile , is listed as a Clinton Foundation donor to the tune of between $ 1,000,001 and $ 5,000,000 .
Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump skipped Thursday night 's Fox News debate , which included Megyn Kelly as a moderator . Kelly has a track record of targeting Trump on the debate stage .
When fighters from Iran die in the Syrian War , they are hailed as martyrs by Iranian authorities . `` The country owes much to them , '' stressed the director of the Foundation of Martyrs and Veterans Affairs , Mohammad-Ali Shahidi . On Tuesday , he officially announced that over 1,000 fighters from Iran have fallen in the Syrian Civil War . He said they were soldiers in the Fatemiyon division , now revered as defenders of holy sites . Iran views the Sayyidah Zaynab shrine in Damascus , dedicated to the granddaughter of the prophet Muhammad , as an important place of pilgrimage for Shia Muslims .
The army division named after Fatemiyon , the daughter of the prophet of Islam , is mostly made up of Afghan fighters . Fatemiyon belongs to the Iranian Quds Force , the elite unit of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard that is deployed in special operations outside Iran .
`` Many refugees from Afghanistan have been recruited and have traveled to Syria because they either need money or a residence permit - or both , '' said Kamal in an interview with Deutsche Welle . `` But many of them have lost their lives in Syria . '' Almost 30 years ago , Kamal himself fled from Afghanistan to Iran . He lives in southern Iran with his wife and three children but he still does not feel integrated into Iranian society . His children , who only know Iran , do not even have Iranian citizenship . They are still seen as unwanted refugees .
Second-class human beings
According the UN refugee agency UNHCR , about three million Afghans are currently living in Iran . Nearly a million of them are registered refugees . Almost 500,000 of them are immigrants with temporary residence and restricted work permits . The other one and half million have no documents and are considered to be illegal immigrants .
Ghassem Soleimani , commander of the Iranian Quds Force
They do not trust the authorities . They fear that they will be sent back or be put in a refugee camp . They go into hiding and are treated as second-class human beings , often subject to exploitation .
`` I was a small child when my family fled from Afghanistan 36 years ago . I myself have four children now . We have been living in Iran for three generations but none of us has papers , '' said Fatemeh . She lives on the outskirts of Tehran . `` We are not allowed to own anything , not even a SIM card . '' However , she does not want to send her son to war even though it would bring many benefits to the entire family .
Iranian citizenship as a guarantee for those left behind
When eligible Afghan men sign up for combat in Syria , they are paid almost 500 US dollars a month , said the refugees . They are promised basic schooling or a university education and better living conditions for their families .
At the beginning of May 2016 , Iranian parliament passed a law guaranteeing Iranian citizenship for surviving relatives of `` Fatemiyon division '' fighters in the event of their death . Thus , families of killed Afghans would be placed under the patronage of the powerful martyr foundation , founded in 1980 , a year after the Islamic Revolution . The foundation takes care of the survivors of the many people killed in the revolution and soldiers who died in the Iraq War . One year after the revolution , neighboring Iraq attacked Iran and the ensuing war lasted eight years until 1988 .
The Martyr Foundation has gained greatly in importance over the past 36 years and has risen to become one of the most influential institutions of the Islamic republic . It owns a large number of companies and is active in all major business sectors : in production , trade , oil , mining , the automotive industry and even tourism . Anyone under the protective hand of the Martyr Foundation is on the
General Qasem Soleimani visits the survivors of the killed Afghans
safe side of society and even receives recognition .
According to reports by conservative Iranian media outlets , the Fatemiyon division has almost 20,000 fighters . Not only does it defend holy sites in Syria , but General Qassem Soleimain , commander of the Iranian Quds Force explains , `` It defends the Islamic Republic of Iran and its ideals . The Islamic State terror group was established to limit Iran 's influence in the region and to harm us . '' Iran sees itself as a protector of Shiites in the Middle East and supports Syria 's regime led by Alawite Bashar al-Assad . Major General Soleimani draws a great deal of media attention with his visits to the families left behind by fallen Afghans and has pictures taken with their children .
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. -- Count Seattle Seahawks coach Pete Carroll among those who believe the Jacksonville Jaguars will be significantly better in 2016 – and possibly a playoff team .
Carroll is a big fan of Jaguars coach Gus Bradley , who was the Seahawks ' defensive coordinator under Carroll for three seasons and helped construct the defense that led the Seahawks to the Super Bowl XLVIII championship . Carroll said he 's not surprised that the Jaguars have struggled over the past three seasons because rebuilding and changing the culture of a franchise is n't a quick process .
Now that he 's entering his fourth year as the Jaguars ' head coach , Bradley has the pieces in place to win , Carroll said .
Gus Bradley enters his fourth season with the Jaguars pointing up after some big offseason moves . AP Photo/Michael Conroy
`` I think it takes a long time and the formula that they have put together , it 's taken some time to make their efforts on the roster and going after the players and spending the money and all that kind of stuff , '' Carroll said at the NFL 's annual owners meetings . `` I think they 're really going for it , and I think he 's laid the foundation , which he has a great foundation of what he stands for and all as a head coach .
`` You could see them really improve last year . I think you 're going to see them take off this year . ''
Because of the moves the Jaguars made in free agency – particularly on defense with the addition of tackle Malik Jackson , free safety Tashaun Gipson , and cornerback Prince Amukamara – there has been some talk of the team making the playoffs . The AFC South is n't exactly a strong division and the Jaguars , despite having only five victories , still had a chance to win the division into late December .
The Jaguars ' emphasis this offseason has been improving a defense that has been one of the league 's worst over the past three seasons . The Jaguars gave up the second-most points in franchise history ( 448 ) in 2015 and a franchise-record 449 points in 2013 . From 2013-15 the Jaguars ' defense has recorded the fewest interceptions in the NFL ( 26 ) and ranked 31st in scoring defense ( 27.3 points per game ) , 31st in third-down defense ( 43.8 percent ) , and 29th in total defense ( 375.0 yards per game ) .
In addition to signing Jackson , Gipson and Amukamara , the team also hired longtime NFL assistant coach Monte Kiffin . Bradley said last week that Kiffin 's role has not been completely defined yet , but he will have some on-field duties as well as advance scouting .
Carroll said Bradley 's decision to hire Kiffin was a good one .
`` He 's a great football coach , '' Carroll said . `` He brings tremendous wisdom , background , support for Gus and all that . Kiff has done more to help guys coach on this side of the ball than maybe anybody that 's coached in this league in a long time . So the fact that they 'll have him , however they use him , I think it 's going to be an adviser , an analyst for them , a consultant and all that . It 's a great role for him . ''
ESPN.com Seahawks reporter Sheil Kapadia contributed to this report .
Apple 's chief executive Tim Cook telephoned CNBC financial entertainment star Jim Cramer to congratulate him on ten years of performing his `` Mad Money '' high energy cable TV show , which injects wild hysterics and physical comedy rage into the generally buttoned down world of financial news .
The two exchanged compliments , with Cramer replying , `` I want to congratulate you for running the greatest company on earth , and for creating such amazing wealth , and the best products on earth for everybody . You have done a remarkable job , Tim . I am honored that you 're calling in . `` Cook in turn called Cramer `` a champion for American innovation '' and said at Apple , `` we love the fact that you highlight innovation as a centerpiece of your show . ''
Cramer has n't always been bullish on Apple
Cook used his ostensibly `` surprise '' appearance to tout the company 's new Research Kit initiative and Apple Pay payments , which he noted that Cramer had earlier predicted would `` take the country by storm . `` Cook said `` and it is doing it ! '' adding that he hoped Cramer 's own Bar San Miguel would soon begin accepting Apple Pay , to which Cramer shouted `` Done ! Done ! `` The two discussed global currency fluctuations ( `` Currency 's clearly a problem , '' Cook said , `` but frankly the best companies will figure out a way to manage it '' ) ; the legacy of Steve Jobs ( `` there 's not a day that goes by that I do n't think about Steve , '' Cook said . `` And he is still ... the core part of Apple . His DNA is deep in the company . And his office is still next to mine , with his name on the door . And the values that he placed in here , and sort of the spirit that we are here to make the very best products in the world that enrich peoples ' lives , that is still the centerpiece of this company '' ) ; as well as the future of technology in the car , the home and in healthcare.After trading more compliments with Cook , Cramer told his audience , `` I revere Tim Cook . And I revere Apple . I am so proud that they are an American company . I am proud to be an American . Happy Anniversary , everybody ! Ten years of making you money continues . That was Tim Cook on the phone ! Holy cow ! We 're just getting started ! 'Mad Money ' tonight ! `` In 2007 Cramer detailed how easy it was to foment fear of the iPhone by inventing false rumors to manipulate the company 's stock while taking advantage of Apple 's tight lipped security , writing that this `` is very easy , because the people who write about Apple want that story . And you can claim that it is credible because you spoke to someone at Apple , because Apple is n't in [ a position to comment on unannounced products ] . It is an ideal short . `` Cramer floated a false story immediately after the iPhone 's launch that Apple 's wireless partner Cingular ( later renamed as today 's AT & T ) would provide a year and a half of free mobile service for the iPhone . The story was picked up by blogs and widely publicized on syndication sites like Kevin Rose 's once successful Digg website.The next year Cramer proclaimed in video interview that `` Without Steve Jobs , There is No Apple , '' where he stated that `` the innovation [ at Apple ] is all being driven by one man . `` In 2009 , Jon Stewart of the Daily Show skewered Cramer for stating how easy it was to profit from misinformation targeting Apple , calling the practice `` disingenuous at best and criminal at worst . `` Just last year , Cramer endorsed `` Fibonacci analyst '' Carolyn Boroden , who had performed a numerology chart reading and determined that Apple was in retrograde while IBM was ascendent . `` Avoid Apple , embrace IBM say charts , '' implored CNBC 's `` Mad Money '' headline . `` Sometimes the forecasts of these professional chart-watchers are so accurate that it 's staggering , '' Cramer stated at the time . Since that advice was given , Apple stock has increased by more than 44 percent , while IBM is down 15.51 percent .
24 November 2015 , 12:05
Vakhtang Gomelauri , Chief of the Georgian State Security Service , has called a lie the information about the creation of a unit of the `` Islamic State '' ( IS ) on the territory of Georgia . The Georgian State Security Service has also launched the investigation into the disseminated video message of IS fighters voicing threats against Georgia .
The `` Caucasian Knot '' has reported that , according to the Georgian authorities , recruiters of the `` Islamic State '' , recognized as a terrorist organization , are active in the villages of the Pankisi Gorge .
In the beginning of this November , various media reported on the establishment by the `` Islamic State '' , recognized in Russia and a number of other countries as a terrorist organization , of the Vilayat ( region ) Gurjistan ( Georgia ) , which covered the major part of the territory of Georgia .
`` Vilayat Gurjistan has not been established . It is a lie , '' declared Vakhtang Gomelauri on November 23 .
This statement was made by Vakhtang Gomelauri at the end of the meeting of the Council for security and crisis management , when one of the journalists addressed the Chief of the Georgian State Security Service with the relevant question , the `` Georgia Online '' reports .
Full text of the article is available on the Russian page of 24/7 Internet agency ‘ Caucasian Knot ' .
P2P Markets Need P2P Justice
Pamela Morgan Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 11 , 2016
Peer-to-peer marketplaces are forcing change on the systems we use for dispute resolution . Algorithmic dispute resolution , software-guided settlement negotiation , and even full-service stepped mediation to arbitration online dispute resolution ( ODR ) projects all existed in 2002–2003 . Yet despite the promise of lower costs , faster speed , and jurisdictional autonomy , most of those projects have long been abandoned . They simply did n't catch on . Now , with the invention of bitcoin , open blockchains , and smart contracts , there 's a renewed interest in these services .
Why now ? The resurgence is deeply connected with the rise of the peer-to-peer ( P2P ) economy . As we stop relying on middlemen for trust , as we move to genuine P2P models , we need innovative , independent ways to resolve disputes . Consider eBay , the first mainstream model of a peer-to-peer ( ish ) sales platform . While buyers may look at a seller 's feedback rating , they often choose to complete the transaction because of their trust in eBay . Buyers trust in eBay 's dispute-resolution services and money-back guarantee . eBay spends money on developing and subsidizing dispute-resolution services and money-back guarantees because it 's a good business decision . But with proprietary or subsidized custom systems , the repeat players dictate the terms ; terms and services can be changed at any time for any reason . This environment leaves little incentive to use robust , multipurpose , organizationally independent dispute-resolution solutions .
But what happens when we are actually dealing directly with one another ? What happens in a system , such as OpenBazaar , where transactions are truly peer-to-peer ? In systems where there is no third party with a vested interest ? Where there are no corporate subsidies for dispute resolution services ? Without a plan , without an alternative , injustice happens . Court happens . Worse yet , local court in an unknown jurisdiction with ambiguous laws and corrupt officials happens . These undesirable outcomes force the evolution of alternative dispute resolution solutions .
Bitcoin is not just impacting industries in finance . By enabling real-time , P2P global payments , bitcoin is a catalyst for the evolution of alternative legal processes . OpenBazaar is currently experimenting with an optional moderator-based dispute-resolution model where parties can pick their own judge . Innovations like algorithmic dispute resolution and software-guided settlement negotiation now have marketplaces that need them , with users savvy enough to want them . With smart contracts , these ideas can be upgraded , automated , and implemented in ways that provide additional certainty . We can even foster the development of new models , like AI , mediation DAO , and global crowd-juries .
The same issues exist today that existed in 2002–2003 . Traditional court processes are still expensive , time-consuming , and exhausting for most people . Courts are still jurisdictionally unable to cope with the reality of a globally connected society . Justice is still often reserved for those with privilege , power , and money . Now it is possible to change those dynamics , at least for commercial transactions , as we develop private ODR systems to serve the unique needs of bitcoin , open blockchains , smart contracts , and the P2P economy overall . While we could recreate the same inefficiencies with a blockchain , let 's not do that . Let 's question everything . Let 's build to provide access to cost-effective , efficient , just processes .
Dispute resolution is changing , thanks in part to the growth of peer-to-peer marketplaces . Without a central actor to handle disputes , we need decentralized dispute resolution . Therein lies an opportunity to use bitcoin , blockchain and smart-contract technology to directly improve dispute resolution . The same technologies that disrupt traditional finance carry the spark to reinvent , modernize and improve access to justice and law .
Lauren Seitz , who was visiting from Ohio , contracted rare infection at National Whitewater Center , where amoeba DNA was found in 11 water samples
A North Carolina waterpark has shut down rafting activities after an Ohio teenager was killed by a brain-eating amoeba .
Lauren Seitz , 18 , died last Sunday after she was exposed to the amoeba at the US National Whitewater Center ( USNWC ) , a Charlotte-area center where she went with a church group earlier this month . According to officials from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , Seitz died of a rare brain infection caused by the amoeba naegleria fowleri .
“ Initial test results found naegleria fowleri DNA was present in the whitewater system , ” the USNWC said in a statement . At a press conference , Mecklenburg County health director Marcus Plescia said most of 11 samples tested by the CDC this week showed preliminary evidence of the amoeba .
“ On behalf of the USNWC , I wish to express our sincere condolences and sympathies to Lauren and her family , ” chief executive Jeffrey Wise said in a separate statement . “ Our focus is always on stressing safety and risk in the most appropriate manner possible . ”
State health officials noted that the amoeba is common in warm lakes , rivers and springs in summer , and said in a statement that it does not cause illness if swallowed , but can be fatal if forced up the nose . The one-celled organism does not survive in saltwater and can not infect a person who drinks contaminated water .
In the event of brain infection , the amoeba causes illness up to nine days after exposure . Symptoms include headache , fever , vomiting , confusion , seizures , loss of balance and hallucination . Death usually follows within five days . The fatality rate , according to the CDC , is more than 97 % .
The CDC stresses that infections are extremely rare . In the last 53 years officials recorded only 138 infections in the US , compared with about 10 drowning deaths a day over the last decade . Millions who swim in lakes and rivers every year without infection .
“ In other words , there are no outbreaks , ” Wise said .
In the last decade , 33 people were infected during recreational activities and three by contaminated tap water forced up the nose – prompting warnings about the use of Neti pots for nasal irrigation . One person was infected by contaminated water on a backyard Slip ‘ N Slide .
Deaths in recent years have occurred in Texas and Louisiana – southern states where warmer waters are more habitable for the amoeba – though the amoeba have also been found in the north .
According to the USNWC , Seitz 's “ only known underwater exposure was believed to be when riding in a raft with several others that overturned ” at the center . State and CDC officials are investigating the death with the center 's cooperation .
The USNWC 's water is sourced by county utilities and two wells on its premises . Wise said the water is disinfected with ultraviolet radiation , filtered and periodically given a dose of chlorine . It has weekly water tests carried out by a third-party lab , he added .
“ The levels of UV radiation disinfection utilized every day , continuously , at the center are sufficient to ‘ inactivate ' the water-born amoeba in question to an effective level of 99.99 % , ” the non-profit said in a statement .
But Wise admitted inherent danger .
“ Despite every measure we take , there is always a risk of injury or harm based on the very nature of what we do and who we are , ” he said . “ We are deeply saddened any time harm occurs as a result . ”
James Seltz , the victim 's father , sent a statement to an Ohio affiliate of NBC , describing her as a talented musician and writer who cared deeply about nature .
“ Our family is completely heartbroken and lost without Lauren , ” he said . “ It is unacceptable that a person who loved nature so much , and was so passionate about environmental issues should be taken from us in this way . ”
The center remains open for activities unrelated to the whitewater rafting .
Health officials said people should hold their nose shut or keep their heads above water when in warm freshwater areas , and should avoid water activities at times of high temperature and low water levels .
The amoeba can also be found in sediment and wet soil , meaning people should avoid digging or disturbing sediment in areas where the organisms are often found .
The father of Pakistan 's nuclear bomb has launched a political party , which plans to participate in the next presidential election slated for early 2013 .
Abdul Qadeer Khan has started a 100-day campaign to tour Pakistan , starting with Kahuta , home to the first nuclear facility in Pakistan , established just outside Islamabad , during the 1970s .
“ The current leadership in Pakistan is corrupt and it needs to change . I will go around the country to appeal to students , professionals , and the civil society to vote for the right people , since the upcoming elections are around the corner . They look up to me so they will listen to me , ” Dr. AQ Khan said in a telephone interview .
Though Khan 's sentiments echo a popular sentiment in Pakistan , observers say that the launch of his party , the Tehreek-e-Tahaffuz Pakistan or Save Pakistan Movement , highlights a desire for change within Pakistan .
“ Like in the United States , Obama was the face of change ; we have these new players , too , ” says Ayesha Siddiqa , a columnist for the Dawn newspaper . “ Currently , there is a dire need in Pakistan to go through rejuvenation , and people like Dr. AQ Khan , or Imran Khan [ the cricketer-turned-politician ] , fit the bill , ” she adds .
In Pakistan , Khan is considered a national hero for helping transform the country into a nuclear power .
Khan is accused , however , of providing nuclear research to Libya , Iran , and North Korea . In 2004 he confessed on Pakistani television to selling nuclear secrets . But he later claimed that he was forced to confess by the then president of Pakistan , Gen. Pervez Musharraf . He was put under house arrest for five years following his confession , and while restrictions were relaxed on him after public pressure , he still lives under tight military security .
To the US and nuclear investigators around the world , he is a rogue scientist who has failed to reveal the extent of the dangers posed by the underground network he created .
Political activity
In Kahuta , posters put up around the city by the local lawyers ' bar association read “ we welcome the Savior of Pakistan in Kahuta . ”
Earlier , his party spokesman , Chaudhry Khurshid Zaman , said in a press conference that “ every political party in the country wants Khan to ally with them , but we will provide support to those politicians who are non-corrupt and honest . ”
In his speech to the lawyers in Kahuta , Khan reiterated that nuclear proliferation accusations against him were false , but did add that he had told Pakistani authorities that nuclear technology `` is mine to give to whomever I want . ”
Khan has n't specifically mentioned any future plans , though he has played on the Pakistani public 's desire to clean up current corruption among the political class and bring in new young professionals .
According to Mr. Zaman , the party has attracted more than a million people already , and most of them are young people .
“ We have received tremendous response , especially on social media. ” he says , adding that they are getting invites for Khan to speak , from all over the country .
Though dozens of groups have popped up in support of the new party , none have more than 300 `` likes . '' Facebook pages dedicated to Khan , however , have thousands of supporters . Qamar Ladakhi posted praise on one such page about the launch of the new political party , “ in this present tense situation [ we are in ] need of [ a ] true , honest , virgin new leader , which I think , [ will ] have been fulfilled by [ the ] coming of our national hero in politics . ”
But others are not so positive . While some see his entry into politics as military backed , others see it as more of a compromise that he has made with the Pakistani military to keep his mouth shut .
“ Every now and then AQ Khan pulls a rabbit out of the hat , as when he named some Army generals he had bribed with North Korean money , ” Pervez Hoodbhoy , a Pakistani nuclear physicist and defense analyst , says . The military would rather see him busy with politics , he adds .
However , according Dr. Siddiqa , who has written two books about the Pakistani Army , Khan is part of a narrative of change the Pakistani security establishment is trying to create and take advantage of this moment in Pakistan .
“ I call it neo-feudalism . This is a new formula in Pakistan , introduced by [ the security establishment ] , which is working on legitimizing faces like AQ Khan , Hafiz Saeed [ head of a charity organization in Pakistan accused by India to be behind the 2008 Mumbai attacks ] , and other personalities who have had a negative reputation in the past , ” says Siddiqa .
“ There has to be ‘ institutional support ' behind him , ” says Siddiqa , pointing to the fact that the transfer of nuclear technology from Pakistan to North Korea , for example , `` was not only for monetary reasons , but also strategic reasons . ”
Pakistan 's credibility
Internationally , observers feel that Khan 's entry into politics adds to an already long list of serious doubts about Pakistan 's credibility and its status as a responsible nuclear state .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
`` He should have been treated as a criminal , but he enjoyed luxury even after his house arrest . He regularly writes opinion pieces in the local newspapers and enjoys life as a popular public figure , '' says Christine Fair , a Pakistan expert at Georgetown University in Washington .
She is skeptical that Khan will create any impact in the Pakistani elections next year . `` With Imran Khan , there were similar expectations , and we saw his popularity surge – especially whenever there was a military-civilian row in Pakistan . But even that has died down , '' she says , indicating that there may be military behind these new players in the Pakistani politics . She says that the military has been unable to create a credible third force as of yet . `` I do n't see AQ Khan becoming that prominent , '' she adds .
Paul-Georges Ntep will not be on his way to England despite QPR and Arsenal being keen .
Talented youngster Paul-Georges Ntep has been linked with a move to England recently . The French under-21 international has been linked heavily with Arsenal and QPR in particular - especially after he posted a picture on his Instagram account of him on the Eurostar heading to London .
In the past Ntep openly courted Arsenal while Arsene Wenger also spoke highly of the talented player - but despite conflicting reports it seems that his visit to London earlier in the month was to meet with officials from QPR over a potential switch .
Interest has also been reported from French rivals Saint-Etienne , Lille and Olympique Marseille - but QPR were considered the front-runners to sign the talent - as a potential successor to Loic Remy , currently on loan with Newcastle United .
The interest from Stade Rennes , the only team to have made an official approach for the player , was apparently gone as they have failed to meet the Ligue 2 clubs valuation for the talented forward - said to be in the €10 million region .
Well they obviously came to an agreement on that matter - because he will not be on his way to London this month .
The two clubs have now agreed a fee for the player - and Ntep will have his medical tomorrow .
Paul-Georges Ntep , attaquant d'Auxerre , est attendu à Rennes ce soir . L'international Espoir français passera sa visite médicale demain . — Stade Rennais F.C . ( @ staderennais ) January 28 , 2014
Translated the attached Tweet says :
Auxerre striker Paul George Ntep is expected to Rennes tonight . The French international will have his medical tomorrow .
image : © Mypouss
Researchers at the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences ( SEAS ) have developed a way for photographers and microscopists to create a 3-D image through a single lens , without moving the camera .
Published in the journal Optics Letters , this improbable-sounding technology relies only on computation and mathematics — no unusual hardware or fancy lenses . The effect is the equivalent of seeing a stereo image with one eye closed .
That 's easier said than done , as principal investigator Kenneth B. Crozier , the John L. Loeb Associate Professor of the Natural Sciences , explains .
“ If you close one eye , depth perception becomes difficult . Your eye can focus on one thing or another , but unless you also move your head from side to side , it 's difficult to gain much sense of objects ' relative distances , ” Crozier says . “ If your viewpoint is fixed in one position , as a microscope would be , it 's a challenging problem . ”
Offering a workaround , Crozier and graduate student Antony Orth essentially compute how the image would look if it were taken from a different angle . To do this , they rely on the clues encoded within the rays of light entering the camera .
“ Arriving at each pixel , the light 's coming at a certain angle , and that contains important information , ” explains Crozier . “ Cameras have been developed with all kinds of new hardware — microlens arrays and absorbing masks — that can record the direction of the light , and that allows you to do some very interesting things , such as take a picture and focus it later , or change the perspective view . That 's great , but the question we asked was , can we get some of that functionality with a regular camera , without adding any extra hardware ? ”
The key , they found , is inferring the angle of the light at each pixel , rather than directly measuring it ( which standard image sensors and film would not be able to do ) . The team 's solution is to take two images from the same camera position but focused at different depths . The slight differences between these two images provide enough information for a computer to mathematically create a brand-new image as if the camera had been moved to one side .
By stitching these two images together into an animation , Crozier and Orth provide a way for amateur photographers and microscopists alike to create the impression of a stereo image without the need for expensive hardware . They are calling their computational method light-field moment imaging — not to be confused with light-field cameras ( like the Lytro ) , which achieve similar effects using high-end hardware rather than computational processing .
Importantly , the technique offers a new and very accessible way to create 3-D images of translucent materials , such as biological tissues .
Biologists can use a variety of tools to create 3-D optical images , including light-field microscopes , which are limited in terms of spatial resolution and are not yet commercially available ; confocal microscopes , which are expensive ; and a computational method called shape from focus , which uses a stack of images focused at different depths to identify the layer at which each object is most in focus . That 's less sophisticated than Crozier and Orth 's new technique because it makes no allowance for overlapping materials , such as a nucleus that might be visible through a cell membrane , or a sheet of tissue that 's folded over on itself . Stereo microscopes may be the most flexible and affordable option right now , but they still are not as common in laboratories as traditional , monocular microscopes .
“ This method devised by Orth and Crozier is an elegant solution to extract depth information with only a minimum of information from a sample , ” says Conor L. Evans , an assistant professor at Harvard Medical School and an expert in biomedical imaging , who was not involved in the research . “ Depth measurements in microscopy are usually made by taking many sequential images over a range of depths ; the ability to glean depth information from only two images has the potential to accelerate the acquisition of digital microscopy data . ”
“ As the method can be applied to any image pair , microscopists can readily add this approach to our toolkit , ” Evans adds . “ Moreover , as the computational method is relatively straightforward on modern computer hardware , the potential exists for real-time rendering of depth-resolved information , which will be a boon to microscopists who currently have to comb through large data sets to generate similar 3-D renders . I look forward to using their method in the future . ”
The new technology also suggests an alternative way to create 3-D movies for the big screen .
“ When you go to a 3-D movie , you ca n't help but move your head to try to see around the 3-D image , but of course it 's not going to do anything because the stereo image depends on the glasses , ” explains Orth , a Graduate School of Arts and Sciences Ph.D. student in applied physics . “ Using light-field moment imaging , though , we 're creating the perspective-shifted images that you 'd fundamentally need to make that work — and just from a regular camera . So maybe one day this will be a way to just use all of the existing cinematography hardware , and get rid of the glasses . With the right screen , you could play that back to the audience , and they could move their heads and feel like they 're actually there . ”
For the 3-D effect to be noticeable , the camera aperture must be wide enough to let in light from a wide range of angles so that the differences between the two images focused at different depths are distinct . However , while a cellphone camera proves too small ( Orth tried it on his iPhone ) , a standard 50 mm lens on a single-lens reflex camera is more than adequate .
Door Allert Jacobs
Omdat de driewieler nu nog 😉 de norm is in de velomobiel wereld heb je wat uit te leggen als je een vierwieler maakt . Daarom volgt hieronder een samenvatting van de belangrijkste voor en nadelen . We hebben dit ook op papier gedrukt om uit te delen op een beurs en als pdf op onze website in Nederlands , Engels en Duits .
Why ?
Because the tricycle still 😉 the norm in the velomobile world you have to explain why if you make a four-wheeler . Therefore below is a summary of the main advantages and disadvantages . We also have this printed on paper to hand out at a trade show and as a PDF on our website in Dutch , English and German .
Dichte of open wielkasten
Open wielkasten zijn geoptimaliseerd voor één bandenmaat en wil je geen grote ruimte boven de wielen laten dan moet je de veerweg klein houden .
Met de dichte wielkasten van de Quest kan de veerweg probleemloos groot gemaakt worden .
De carrosserie moet breder worden maar daar staat tegenover dat de stroomlijn er beter van wordt zodat de totale luchtweerstand gelijk kan zijn aan die van een smaller model met open wielkasten .
Met gesloten wielkasten heb je een ruimere velomobiel en kunt je kiezen of je hoge , lange en soepele vering of lage , korte en stugge vering wilt .
Ook in banden heb je alle keuze , hard en smal of breed en soepel .
Daarbij kom je aan een breedte van ( iets ) meer dan 75cm en kun je desgewenst gebruik maken van de rijbaan i.p.v . het verplichte fietspad .
Closed or open wheel boxes
Open wheel boxes are optimized for one tire size and if you do n't want a large space above the wheels you should keep suspension travel small .
With the closed wheel boxes of the Quest the travel can be large and suspension smooth .
The body must be wider but this is compensated by a better streamline , the overall air resistance may be equal to that of a smaller model with open wheel boxes .
With closed wheel boxes you have a more spacious velomobile and you can choose whether you want high , long and smooth suspension or low , short and stiff suspension .
Also in tires you have all options , hard and narrow or wide and smooth .
You 'll get a width of ( slightly ) more than 75cm so you can opt to use the road instead of the mandatory cycle path ( in The Netherlands ) .
Wat kan een vierde wiel daar aan
toevoegen ?
Zeer goede bochtstabiliteit én voldoende grondspeling .
Veel stabieler bij harde zijwind , ook indien hij leeg geparkeerd staat in de wind .
Hoe breed zou een driewieler moeten worden om dezelfde bochtstabiliteit te krijgen bij gelijke grondspeling ?
Een driewieler zou een spoorbreedte van 89 cm moeten hebben ( de QuattroVelo heeft voor 62 en achter 50 cm spoorbreedte ) .
What can a fourth wheel to add to that ?
Excellent cornering stability and sufficient ground clearance .
Much more stable in strong crosswinds , even if parked unoccupied in the wind .
How wide would a tricycle be with the same ground clearance and cornering stability ?
That tricycle should have a track width of 89 cm ( the QuattroVelo has 62 cm front and 50 cm rear track width ) .
Vering
Niet alleen de voorvering biedt weerstand tegen overhellen in de bocht ook de achtervering doet dat .
Daardoor kan de vierwieler met comfortabeler vering eenzelfde ‘ sportief ' bochtgedrag hebben als de driewieler met harde vering .
Suspension
Not only the front suspension resists body roll in cornering also the rear suspension does .
Therefore , a four-wheeler with comfortable suspension has the same ‘ sporty ' cornering feel as a tricycle with firm suspension .
Hij is minder kwetsbaar voor langs-richels , wegglijden en lekke band achter dat is veiliger bij hogere snelheid en zeker heuvel af .
It is less susceptible to lengthwise edges , slip and puncture of the rear wheel that makes it safer at higher speed and certainly down hill .
Miles Kingsbury over zijn deelname aan de ROAM ( USA coast to coast 2011 )
Four wheels good
Being the only four wheeled velo , it was interesting to compare the advantages / disadvantages of my setup compared with the others . From a safety point of view , the extra wheel gave me much more stability when crossing rumble strips ( ribbelstrepen tegen slaperige chuafeurs ) , which puts the fear of God into the trike riders . Some of them refused to cross a rumble strip at more than 15mph , whereas I could cross them at any speed . There were two trikes that did actually roll over crossing rumble strips during ROAM . None of my 20 punctures gave me any scary moments , in fact on a number of occasions , I did n't realise that I had punctured until the rim was banging on the ground .
Having four identical wheels and carrying a spare was a great advantage for quick changes and the big boot was great for the evening food shopping trips .
There is a question mark against my rolling resistance and having four wheels probably means more custom parts but all in all I am very happy with my decision to go with a quad . After all , how many Reliant Robbins do you see on the roads these days Rodney ?
Bagageruimte
Zeer veel bagageruimte en laag zwaartepunt voor de bagage is mogelijk .
Ook grote dingen als krat , sporttas of kind kunnen mee . De bagageruimte is droog en afsluitbaar te maken .
Luggage space
The large boot makes a low center of gravity possible for the luggage .
Even big things like a crate , gym bag or child can be carried . The luggage space is dry and lockable .
Meer gewicht rust op de achterwielen én je hebt twee aangedreven wielen daardoor heb je meer grip op zand , modder , sneeuw en steile hellingen .
More weight is on the rear wheels and you have two-wheel drive , therefore you have more grip on sand , mud , snow and steep slopes .
Koplampen
Twee hoog geplaatste koplampen maken de velomobiel beter herkenbaar als breed voertuig . Bovendien ben je beter zichtbaar , dat geldt eveneens voor het hoog geplaatst achter/remlicht .
Ook de knipperlichten die ver uit elkaar staan zijn duidelijker/veiliger in het verkeer .
Bij een laag geplaatste koplamp is een groot deel van de lichtbundel op de weg niet zichtbaar voor de rijder . Stel je de koplamp daarom hoger af dan verblind je al snel tegenliggers zeker als je over hobbels rijdt .
Headlights
Two headlights high up in the body make the velomobile recognizable as wide vehicle . Moreover , you are more visible , which also applies to the highly placed rear/brake light .
The indicators that are far apart make it safer in traffic .
With a low placed headlight a large part of the light beam on the road is not visible to the rider . Would you therefore adjust the headlight higher , you can easily blind oncoming traffic especially when driving over bumps .
Achterwiel remmen zijn mogelijk voor meer remvermogen dat is vooral belangrijk bij afdalingen .
Twee sporen ( of toch bijna ) maakt het makkelijker hobbels , kuilen en tramrails tussen de wielen te nemen .
Met vier maal dezelfde wielmaat/banden heb je aan één reserve band is genoeg .
Door de 20 ” wielen komt er een lager koppel op de ketting en de hele carrosserie bovendien is een kleiner verzet mogelijk .
En wat kost dat vierde wiel ?
Hij wordt iets zwaarder
Meer techniek in de aandrijving is duurder
Aerodynamisch mogelijk minder goed
De QuattroVelo is misschien wel de beste reis velomobiel maar ook in het alledaagse gebruik biedt hij zeer veel comfort , stabiliteit , gebruiksgemak , bagageruimte en veiligheid .
Rear brakes are possible for more braking power which is especially important on descents .
Two tracks ( almost ) makes it easier to take bumps , potholes and tram tracks between the wheels .
With four times the same wheel/tire size carrying one spare tire is enough .
With 20″wheels a lower torque is on the chain and the whole body and a lower gearing is possible .
The costs that come with that fourth wheel ?
It is adds a little weight
More technique in the drive train is more expensive
Aerodynamically possibly less good
The QuattroVelo is possibly the best travel velomobile . But also in everyday use it offers great comfort , stability , ease of use , safety and luggage capacity .
Advertenties
Why would the Kauman Sama Online come up with a list of Tausug videoke songs ?
Besides the fact that almost all Sama are polyglots , speaking multiple languages often including Tausug , we also just love singing karaoke . Sama can be proud that there are moro songs available on videoke machines throughout the Philippines . As far as we can tell Tausug is the only moro language featured . We are unaware of any Maguindanaon or Maranaon songs .
Here is a list of 5 Tausug karaoke songs with their numbers as listed on the videoke machine we were using :
005312 Biradalli ( Biraddali ) -Den Bisa
005533 Suratan -Abdilla
080591 Ina Ama -Abdilla
080597 Janji ko ( Janji ' ku ) -Aisa
080602 Malasa Magtonang ( Malasa Magtunang ) -Abdilla
You can find the songs Suratan and Biraddali on almost all videoke machines we 've ever sang on . Biraddali is the first Tausug videoke song I have ever sang . It is frequently sung at Muslim weddings .
In the future we would love to see moro songs receive more recognition in the Philippines . Maybe in the 2020 edition of Wow Magic Sing we will be singing Sinama karaoke . Inshallah .
Stem cell pioneers win Nobel prize
Updated
Two doctors from Japan and Britain have been awarded this year 's Nobel Prize for Medicine for their groundbreaking work on stem cells .
Shinya Yamanaka and John Gurdon have been developing a process called nuclear programming , which turns adult cells back into stem cells .
The jury awarding the prize said the pair 's findings have revolutionised our understanding of how cells and organisms develop .
`` The discoveries of Gurdon and Yamanaka have shown that specialised cells can turn back the developmental clock under certain circumstances , '' the Nobel Prize Assembly said in a press release .
`` [ They ] have created new opportunities to study diseases and develop methods for diagnosis and therapy .
`` For instance , skin cells can be obtained from patients with various diseases , reprogrammed , and examined in the laboratory to determine how they differ from cells of healthy individuals . ''
Scientists hope stem cells can be coaxed into growing into replacement tissue for victims of Alzheimer 's , Parkinson 's and other diseases .
In 1962 , Dr Gurdon discovered that the DNA code in the nucleus of an adult frog cell held all the information to develop into every kind of cell .
This meant that an adult cell could in essence be reprogrammed .
Despite initial scepticism , his theory became accepted when it was confirmed by other scientists .
More than four decades later , in 2006 , Dr Yamanaka discovered how mature cells in mice could in fact be turned back to earlier states .
His discovery means stem cells no longer need to be taken from early-stage embryos – a process that has raised ethical issues .
Stem-cell research is still at a very early stage , and only a tiny number of human trials have taken place .
The Swedish media had broadly tipped the pair to take home the honour in recent days .
Dr Gurdon , born in 1933 , is currently at the Gurdon Institute in Cambridge , England .
Dr Yamanaka , 50 , is a professor at Kyoto University in Japan .
This year 's laureates will receive their prize at a formal ceremony in Stockholm on December 10 , the anniversary of prize founder Alfred Nobel 's death in 1896 .
ABC/AFP
Topics : awards-and-prizes , sweden , japan , united-kingdom
First posted
CLOSE Valley Metro picks preferred Glendale light-rail route
A 7-mile route had been projected to open in 2026 .
The Glendale City Council voted to withdraw from discussions involving a light rail route to downtown . ( Photo : Nick Oza , Nick Oza/The Republic )
The Glendale City Council withdrew from plans for a light-rail route to downtown Glendale in a 5-2 vote Tuesday night .
The decision comes nearly two months after the council directed city staff against moving forward on the 7-mile route , which had been projected to open in 2026 .
Mayor Jerry Weiers , Vice Mayor Ian Hugh and Council members Ray Malnar , Joyce Clark and Lauren Tolmachoff voted to walk away from future planning . Council members Bart Turner and Jamie Aldama cast the two dissenting votes .
The vote reverses a 2016 council decision that directed planners to identify design details and cost estimates , which then narrowly passed by a 4-3 vote .
Clark , a vocal light-rail opponent who ousted former Councilman Sammy Chavira last year , was one council member who helped tip the scale the other way this year . Tolmachoff also reversed her 2016 vote .
Citizen support , opposition
Former Glendale Councilman Gary Sherwood said the council 's desire to step away from light rail confused him , as he cited economic success Phoenix has enjoyed since light rail arrived in December 2008 .
`` We 're not spending any funds on this project for the next year , so why hurry ? '' Sherwood asked .
Tom Schmidt , chairman of Glendale 's Citizens Transportation Oversight Commission , asked the council to reconsider its decision as well , asking for more time to study the issue before a formal vote was made .
MORE : Glendale City Council kills plans for downtown light rail
Former Vice Mayor Tom Eggleston was the rare dissenter during public comments , saying the money that would go toward light rail would be better spent elsewhere .
Resident Bryce Alexander said light rail gentrified once-dangerous areas in Phoenix and contended that a light-rail route to Glendale could do the same . Alexander suggested that the city monetize land it had acquired over the year to help fund light-rail development .
Councilman Bart Turner said he commissioned a telephone survey that gathered opinions from 715 respondents . Of those , 60 percent of respondents supported a light-rail route to Glendale , Turner said .
Benefits vs. costs
Arguments over light rail often break down into whether the convenience and economic growth light rail brings is worth the high infrastructure costs .
Light-rail routes can range in price from $ 80 million to $ 130 million per mile . Cost estimates from Valley Metro put a downtown Glendale route at $ 810 million , or roughly $ 127 million per mile . Glendale 's share of the cost would have been $ 114.4 million — $ 8.6 million more than what the city 's model reflected . Phoenix , Maricopa County and the federal government would have paid the remainder .
Turner outlined light rail 's value in an op-ed , arguing the long-term benefits would outweigh the short-term costs . A route to downtown Glendale , Turner wrote , would cultivate new economic growth while connecting the city to Phoenix and the southeast Valley .
MY TURN:10 reasons not to kill light rail to downtown Glendale
MORE : 19th Avenue residents say light rail damaging Phoenix neighborhood
Councilman Ray Malnar admitted light rail could spur growth but said economic studies could n't guarantee the majority of development would come from rail . He said he had enough facts from other sources to make an informed decision .
`` I know the facts , '' Malnar said . `` I know where I stand on this issue and it 's not going to change at this point . ''
Turner also argued the decision to not pursue light rail ignored Glendale voters who approved a sales-tax increase in 2001 called Proposition 402 , which directed funding for various transportation projects that included light rail .
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news , in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733 . Delivery : Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Clark argued Prop . 402 did n't require money to go toward light rail , saying she believed a ballot measure for light rail would `` go down in flaming defeat . ''
What 's next ?
The council 's vote does n't doom an eventual light-rail route to downtown Glendale .
City Manager Kevin Phelps said the council eventually could reverse its decision , but he noted Valley Metro would halt plans for a downtown Glendale route until that happened .
READ MORE :
Phoenix sees 'significant ' spike in complaints about homeless on light rail
Valley Metro : Should light rail or another transit option serve Fiesta Mall area ?
Phoenix residents say light rail damaging neighborhood
Read or Share this story : http : //azc.cc/2z58a2M
It 's official . The Dodgers and Red Sox have completed a ridiculous nine-player swap that sends first baseman Adrian Gonzalez and a whole bunch of crappy contracts to Los Angeles , in exchange for James Loney and some prospects to Boston .
Holy cow . Let me get this out of the way as a Dodger fan : WOOOOOHOOOOOO !
Okay , thanks . That being said , let me explain how this trade affects both teams , and then I 'll leave it up to you to vote which team got the better deal .
Here 's how it breaks down :
Boston receives :
1B James Loney
SP Rubby De La Rosa ( AAA )
SP Allen Webster ( AA )
OF Jerry Sands ( AAA )
IF Ivan De Jesus ( AAA )
Los Angeles receives :
1B Adrian Gonzalez
SP Josh Beckett
OF Carl Crawford
UTIL Nick Punto
PLUS Cash
If you 're a casual baseball fan , you might think Wow , the Dodgers just scored 3 All-Stars !
Little do you know , Beckett and Crawford are owed big money for little production and spotty health over the last year or more . Punto is simply a utility player but a great clubhouse guy who can contribute to a winning team ( just ask the 2011 Cardinals ) . Besides , it 's a huge upgrade over Juan Uribe and Adam Kennedy .
If Crawford comes back healthy from Tommy John surgery in 2014 , he could be worth the money . Before being signed by Boston , Crawford was annually one of the better all-around players in baseball . Who knows – maybe a change of scenery does him well , but I do n't expect anything out of him .
Beckett has a chance to shine in L.A. , but that 's based on a bunch of big “ if 's ” as well . IF Beckett stays healthy . IF he keeps the ball down . Worst case scenario , the Dodgers have a seasoned veteran with tons of postseason experience to help guide guys like Chris Capuano and Aaron Harang through a potential playoff berth . But , with Chad Billingsley 's possible elbow injury , adding a usually mediocre , formerly incredible starting pitcher is something sorely needed right now .
And do I really have to explain why Gonzalez was a great pickup ? He hit .338 last year in Boston and has also been a perennial All-Star throughout his career . He can hit 30 homers , drive in 100 runs and bat .300 as his career numbers will attest to . Plus , he 's won multiple gold gloves at first base . So you 're telling me the Dodgers swapped a .250-hitting , powerless , smooth-fielding James Loney for a .300-hitting , powerful , smooth-fielding Gonzalez ? I 'll take it .
Before I move on to analyzing what the Red Sox obtained in this deal , let me remind everyone of two things . If the Twitter world is the collective opinion of baseball fans , I 'm seriously worried for the sanity of the sport 's fan base . So , here goes :
1 ) Money does n't matter . The new ownership of the Dodgers paid $ 2 billion to buy the team , and will be securing a $ 4 billion TV deal soon . They will over pay , and they openly admit it . Money is NOT an issue . They can take on all those big contracts and blow their noses with the $ 100 bills .
2 ) Telling me the Dodgers do n't have the pitching to win the division is not backed up by statistics . As of today , the Dodgers still have the second-best ERA in the National League as a team , two spots ahead of the pitching-heavy San Francisco Giants ( also leading them in batting average against , strikeouts and quality starts ) . Until that changes , please do n't tell me the Dodgers have no pitching , because five months into the season those numbers are no longer “ flukes . ”
Back to business . Some of the prospects the Red Sox received might be no-names to the casual baseball fan . But let me tell you , Boston received a pretty good haul . In addition to ridding themselves of about $ 78.5 gazillion in salary , they picked up two high-ceiling starting pitchers and two hitters who have a shot at developing into legitimate every day players .
James Loney could also benefit from a change of scenery . Once considered an elite prospect , he looked well on his way to becoming a star about five years ago with the Dodgers . Then came a dip in power . Then a dip in average . A dip in RBI . Now , he 's one of the most average offensive bats you 'll find . Except he 's not even going to reach 10 home runs this season .
I love James Loney . He 's been one of my favorite players on the Dodgers for a number of years ( I even have his jersey – oh , what to do with it now ? ! ) and I hold a high value on defensive prowess , which he possesses a lot of .
I truly hope Loney does well in Boston . But with free agency looming in 2013 , chances are he wo n't be around for them anyway . Guys that will hang around are these three AAA and one AA players they acquired .
The one with the highest ceiling in my opinion is Allen Webster , the AA starter . He was an 18th-round draft choice in 2008 that many thought might have a better career down the road than Dodgers ' top prospect Zach Lee after both started to develop in the minors .
MLB.com ranks Webster their 65th best prospect in baseball right now , mostly due to a mid-90 's sinker , plus-curveball and plus-change . He really does have a great chance to be a future star in Boston .
De La Rosa is in the same boat – he just made his first appearance back with the Dodgers after a lengthy recovery from Tommy John . But before , during and after the surgery reviews about him were rave . He throws very hard : about an average of 95 , just a bit higher than Justin Verlander 's average , and he has topped out at 99 .
De La Rosa needs to work on his willingness to work the inside part of the plate , and gain confidence in his secondary pitches so hitters ca n't sit on the heater . As he matures , these issues should be sorted out and De La Rosa could become a poor man 's Pedro Martinez if he does n't stray from the path mentally or physically .
Jerry Sands can play outfield or first base and has shown tons of promising power in the minors . That being said , the Pacific Coast League is notorious for inflating young players ' numbers because it 's such an offense-friendly league . In a few stints in the Majors with Los Angeles , Sands showed very infrequent flashes of potential . Most of his time was spent trolling around the Mendoza line with little power and plate discipline to show for it .
The same can be said for De Jesus . I believe he has more potential than Sands overall , but is a smaller-name player so goes unnoticed . De Jesus had some big appearances for the Dodgers in 2012 and could become a spark player for the Red Sox down the road if developed properly .
It 's hard to tell in a trade like this who “ wins ” per se . Loney for Gonzalez is an obvious win for the Dodgers . And for right NOW , I have to say L.A. won the trade . They are going for a World Series title , no matter the cost . But the fact that they got a huge left-handed bat , a potential number two starter and an improvement on the bench AND were able to keep Dee Gordon and Zach Lee , speaks for itself .
But , if Boston develops the four young players they received in the deal properly , we 're talking about one or two potential impact bats and the possibility of two middle of the rotation starters . Down the road , the Red Sox may be reloading for another big run .
Tell us below in the comments who YOU think won the trade ! Do n't forget to vote in the poll ! And please follow @ 3u3d on Twitter and LIKE Three Up , Three Down on Facebook !
– Jeremy Dorn ( @ Jamblinman )
Advertisements
One of the responsibilities of the conservation department is to provide advice and consultation on conservation matters for colleagues , the university community and the general public . The University Community often produces some interesting queries , like the time the ICA wanted to know how to prevent pest problems when exhibiting artworks made of chocolate . Most recently , it was an email from Helen Anderson , Senior Director of Computing and Educational Technology Services ( CETS ) at Penn Engineering . She wanted to know if we could recommend someone to do a condition report of ENIAC . I 'd known that ENIAC ( Electronic Numerical Integrator And Computer ; the first general-purpose electronic computer ) had been developed at Penn and was on exhibit nearby but I 'd never gone to see it .
It turned out that the ENIAC components at Penn were on loan from the Smithsonian Institution and the owners wanted an updated description of the artifact 's current condition . This was not something Penn Engineering was equipped for but is a common requirement for artifacts loaned from one museum to another . I was intrigued and offered our services to do a basic condition report .
As luck would have it , I could n't go on the day we 'd selected for the visit but my colleagues Julie Lawson and Nina Owczarek took our pre-program interns , Jessica Walthew , Vicki Chisholm , and Elizabeth Kovich along to help out and get experience with a different sort of artifact than those they 'd seen in our Museum . It may seem counterintuitive , but modern materials like ENIAC ( dating to 1946 ) can be much more problematic for conservators than things that are thousands of years old . Archaeological artifacts are the products of a sort of Darwinian selection : many kinds of materials do n't survive in the archaeological record because they deteriorate completely in use or burial . Plastics and many metals generally are much more ephemeral .
Our conservators found that Penn 's ENIAC had some issues that needed addressing : it was dusty , rusty , and had suffered some water damage ( not surprising , since some accounts say the pieces were rescued from the dump at the Aberdeen Proving Ground ) . After some consultation with the conservators at the Smithsonian 's National Museum of American History , Conservator Julie Lawson supervised interns Jess Walthew and Vicki Chisholm in cleaning and stabilization of this relic of the earliest Computer Age .
Fun fact : As of 1997 , a square chip of silicon measuring 0.25 inches ( 8 mm ) on a side holds the same capacity as the ENIAC , which occupied a large room . See Jan Van Der Spiegel ( 1996-03 ) . “ ENIAC-on-a-Chip ” . PENNPRINTOUT .
LONDON/FRANKFURT ( Reuters ) - Vodafone is to spend about 2 billion euros ( $ 2.4 billion ) on providing new ultra fast fiber broadband connections to homes and businesses in Germany , throwing down the gauntlet to rivals , including former state-owned monopoly Deutsche Telekom .
A branded sign is displayed on a Vodafone store in London , Britain May 16 , 2017 . REUTERS/Neil Hall
The British company said on Monday it is to invest 1.4-1.6 billion euros in a so-called Giga-Business project to connect 100,000 companies in 2,000 business parks in Germany , teaming up with Deutsche Glasfaser and other specialist fiber and infrastructure players .
It aims to spend a further 200-400 million euros on partnering with municipalities to reach around 1 million rural households .
And it also plans to upgrade existing cable infrastructure to double maximum internet speeds to 1 gigabit per second across the 12.6 million homes Vodafone serves by cable .
Germany has been slow to expand its fiber-optic network , causing its vital export industry to fret that it will lose competitiveness because slow internet speeds would hobble advances in computer-based “ digital manufacturing ” .
Rolling out 13.7 million internet connections offering speeds of 1 gigabit per second would pose a threat to Deutsche Telekom 's plans , which is to use vectoring technology to speed up the ‘ last mile ' of existing copper connections instead of running fiber at much greater cost all the way into homes and businesses .
Analysts said the approach taken by Vodafone would minimize up-front costs , with a modest drag on free cash flow unlikely to have any impact on its dividend payouts .
“ The investment risk is mitigated by working with partners to ‘ co-invest ' and should leave Vodafone 's dividend growth unaffected , ” said RBC analyst Jonathan Dann , highlighting the company 's 7 percent prospective dividend yield as attractive .
The British company said in a statement that the additional spending on its network would boost its service revenue growth in Germany by 1-2 percentage points in the mid-term and should pay for itself over a four- to six-year period .
Dann said Vodafone 's approach could also increase pressure on rival cable operator Liberty Global to return to the negotiating table , Chairman John Malone having expressed an interest in acquiring the world 's second biggest mobile network operator but not at any price .
“ This ‘ tanks on the lawn ' approach should accelerate pressure on Liberty , ” said Dann . Sources familiar with the matter said , however , that nothing was happening with Liberty at the moment .
Analysts described as credible Vodafone 's forecasts of an internal rate of return of 20 percent on the investments and estimated payback periods of four years per business park and six years per municipality .
“ We think this makes strategic sense , offering low execution risk but a high payback , ” commented analysts at Jefferies , which has a ‘ buy ' rating on Vodafone shares .
Vodafone shares closed up 0.9 percent at 215.69 pence .
( Mark Stedman/Photocall Ireland )
TDs , SENATORS AND MEPs disclosed donations worth a total of €17,000 to the standards watchdog last year , according to new figures released today .
The Standards in Public Office Commission ( SIPO ) said a total of 239 elected officials – all 166 TDs , 60 Senators and 12 MEPS , as well as one former Senator – were asked to provide official statements outlining how much they had received in donations .
Of these , just five elected representatives declared donations .
The figures show that Senator Rónán Mullen declared the vast majority of declared donations , receiving €12,000 in total last year , which makes up 70 per cent of all the donations declared .
Socialist Party MEP Paul Murphy declared €3,000 worth of donations , followed by Paschal Donohoe TD of Fine Gael and Niall Collins TD of Fianna Fáil , who each received €1,000 in donations .
No other donations were declared to SIPO .
However of the the 239 people asked to submit statements , 14 people did not return the information by the deadline . SIPO did not name the 14 individuals but said it will “ in due course ” refer them to the Gardaí or the Director of Public Prosecutions for possible prosecution .
Only donations worth more than €600 had to be disclosed , and donations included both money and the use of property or services .
TDs , Senators and MEPs are forbidden from accepting foreign donations or anonymous donations worth more than €100 , as well as from accepting donations exceeding €1,000 from any one person in the same year .
SIPO said no donation disclosed exceeded the maximum prescribed limit .
Bitcoin may not sound revolutionary but to its supporters and users the digital global currency could be the future of payment . To regulators , it 's a curiosity they 're viewing with concern . And for a growing number of individuals and companies in South Florida , it 's an opportunity to experiment .
What is it ?
Bitcoin is a digital currency dreamed up less than a decade ago . The `` coins '' are created by a sophisticated computer algorithm . There 's no central government authority creating the currency . No Federal Reserve . No Royal Bank . Instead , the currency operates beyond political ties and beyond the global banking system as we know it . The currency made headlines early this year when people were spending almost $ 2,000 U.S. dollars per Bitcoin . The price has since fallen to about half that , according to Mt . Gox , one of the websites quoting Bitcoin prices .
Does anyone accept this thing ?
Antonio Maldonado and Jessica Londono-Sammet ( pictured above ) run The Advantaged Yacht Charters and Sales . They are among a small group of South Florida businesses accepting Bitcoins . They are working with a Turkish client who plans on spending more than $ 250,000 in Bitcoin on a catamaran sailboat . It will be their first transaction using Bitcoin and they hope to do more . They are n't worried about Bitcoin 's security questions , fraud or even concerns over how clients using the currency acquired it . Instead , they view it as an opportunity to expand their yacht sales .
The curiosity around Bitcoin has attracted the likes of Wellington florist John Varvarigos to Michel Sanchez and his Latin House Burger and Taco Bar in South Miami . Both allow customers to use Bitcoin , though Varvarigos has yet to have anyone buy any flowers with it . Still , they represent the entrepreneurial spirit around the currency . And the basic business strategy of looking to lower their transactional costs . Since Bitcoin exists outside of the banking system there are no fees when a customer using it , unlike credit and debit cards which cost a business a small percentage of the transaction .
Is it safe ?
Coins and bills may be tangible evidence of money but the idea of money rests in trust . Who do you trust to issue the money in your pocket ? We explore that question with three South Florida business professors , Doug Emory from the University of Miami School of Business , Charles Evan of FAU 's School of Business and Ali Bustamante from FIU .
Supporters contend a strength of Bitcoin is its ability to operate outside of the constraints of the banking industry . They argue Bitcoin can be used to connect commerce from the Sahara to South Florida . However , this feature of Bitcoin is also one of its concerns . The currency has been used by the black market for everything from illegal drugs to counterfeit merchandise . How does this activity impact how regulators and banks view Bitcoin and its potential ?
So , to mimic an advertisement inquiry from an American bank : what 's in your wallet ?
• Betting watchdog Essa finds by far most incidents took place in tennis • 24 cases flagged to Tennis Integrity Unit in final three months of 2015
The extent of potential corruption in tennis is under scrutiny once more after a leading sports gambling watchdog stated that 73 matches suspected of suspicious betting activity were reported to the Tennis Integrity Unit in 2015 – more than three times the number of incidents involving any other sport .
Earlier this month , the Guardian revealed that two international tennis umpires were secretly banned and four others faced being thrown out of the sport for life on charges of serious corruption after allegedly taking bribes from betting syndicates in exchange for manipulating live scores on the International Tennis Federation 's Futures Tour .
Revealed : tennis umpires secretly banned over gambling scam Read more
That followed allegations during the Australian Open that 16 players who have been ranked in the top 50 had been repeatedly flagged to the TIU over suspicions they had thrown matches in the past decade . The ATP and WTA tours , the grand slam board and the sport 's governing body , the ITF , commissioned an independent review into their anti-corruption practices as a result .
However , new evidence released by Essa – which issues suspicious betting alerts to regulated bookmakers across Europe when irregular activity is spotted – in their quarterly integrity report on Thursday revealed 73 tennis matches had been flagged up to the authorities in 2015 , with 24 occurring in the final three months of last year .
In comparison , football attracted 19 cases throughout the whole of 2015 , with eight of those occurring between October and December , while three other sports – greyhound racing , snooker and ice hockey – had one case each in the final quarter .
“ The start of 2016 has seen a worldwide focus on alleged match-fixing in tennis , ” said the report . “ The data contained in Essa 's Q1-3 reports has been used to highlight those concerns . The data in our Q4 integrity report reflects previous quarters , and whilst tennis constituted the largest proportion of suspicious betting alerts identified by Essa members , it should be noted the vast majority of tennis events are fair .
“ That position is a reflection of the general trend shown in the previous three quarters of the year and therefore the overall position in 2015 , which included a total of 100 cases of suspicious betting on sporting events , led by tennis with 73 cases and followed by football with 19 , ” it added .
In response , the TIU issued a statement that acknowledged it has been working closely with the watchdog . “ If the analysis suggests suspicious activity , the TIU moves to investigation , which includes interviewing players , taking phones and laptops , ” it said .
“ An alert can be an indicator of suspicious activity . But it is not proof or evidence that corruption has taken place . On its own , betting data is not sufficient to bring forward a successful prosecution ; it has to be considered , assessed and verified along with the TIU 's many other sources of intelligence . Statistics of the kind released today by Essa must be considered in that light . ”
Geographically , 38 of the alerts originated in Europe , 24 in Asia , 16 in North America and 11 in South America . Africa accounted for nine . Most of the cases of suspicious betting in football occurred in European matches , which featured in 68 % of cases in that sport . Tennis was more evenly spread globally , led by Asia ( 19 cases ) , Europe ( 18 ) and North America ( 14 ) .
On Wednesday , the Thai doubles player Jatuporn Nalamphun was banned for 18 months for betting on unspecified matches then failing to cooperate with TIU investigators . That came after the United States Tennis Association admitted it was “ shocked ” at the Guardian 's revelation that banned umpire Denis Pitner was a line judge at both the US Open last August and also at an ATP world tour event in Doha last month which featured Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal .
The ATP blamed a “ breach in procedures ” for Pitner being allowed to work in Doha , with a spokesman confirming it would also review the issue to ensure it did not happen again .
The independent review , which commenced last month and will be undertaken by a three-person panel led by Adam Lewis QC , is expected to take at least a year to complete .
? Last November , after a long and contentious battle with the men and women who sold T-shirts , candy bars , and other items on Atlanta 's sidewalks , Mayor Kasim Reed OK 'd the city 's public vending reforms . The plan regulated the goods street vendors could sell and the places where they could set up shop . It also lowered the costs to rent city-owned kiosks . As part of the program , officials pledged to find a way to let food truck vendors serve on city streets . ?
On Monday , the Atlanta City Council followed through and passed an ordinance that would make it legal for food trucks to operate on public property , starting in South Downtown . The pilot program would allow vendors to sell food in 18 designated locations on Central Avenue , Mitchell Street , Martin Luther King Jr. Drive , and other streets needing a jolt of life . That 's a good thing . But it was n't necessarily fair . ?
City Hall worked quickly to address the gripes of the food truck industry . Atlanta officials crafted policy based on the food vendors ' input . Plans are already in the works to allow food trucks to operate in neighborhoods beyond South Downtown - perhaps citywide - later this year should the trial run prove successful . ?
It 's not just City Hall that 's gung ho about the food truck expansion . Atlanta Street Food Coalition President Greg Smith says operators - who once were required to show officials nearly 20 kinds of documents including bank records and letters of recommendation simply to obtain permits - will no longer face as much red tape . Atlanta Deputy Chief Operating Officer Hans Utz says the city 's trial run will help them figure out the best way to work around restrictive county and state laws so they can operate in `` as many locations as possible . `` ?
`` It 's been a tough couple of years for food trucks , '' Smith says . `` It 's refreshing to see this change come seemingly organic through the administration for what vendors have been looking for all this time . `` ?
But City Hall 's willingness to work with food truck vendors stands in stark contrast to the way officials approached traditional street vendors . The mayor 's office dragged its feet on meeting the needs of veteran curbside salesmen who once sold hats , ponchos , souvenirs , and other assorted goods outside Five Points ' MARTA station , Woodruff Park , and Turner Field . ?
Throughout 2013 , Atlanta street vendors and Reed battled at City Hall and inside courtrooms . The mayor , who compared the way the vendors did business to `` swap meets , '' ordered Atlanta police to shut down the tables after the city 's 2009 contract with a private firm overseeing public vending was tossed out by a judge in late 2012 . The city 's sidewalk salesmen were suddenly closed for business with little , if any , conversation about what would happen next . For months , they were stuck in limbo with promises of a new vending program but no stopgap to keep their income flowing . ?
With no guidance from the city , they had little choice but to protest at public meetings and publicly jostle with the mayor . After months of pressure , policymakers finally included them at the tail end of a rushed and poorly handled process . The new program still did n't fully meet vendors ' wishes . But most needed to start making a living again and conceded their demands . Months later , the new program has allowed some vendors , but not all of them , to return to selling goods . Many involved still think they were abused by the city 's actions . ?
In many ways , Reed 's administration bent over backward for the food truck vending community . That kind of responsiveness is great to see from City Hall . But it 's disconcerting to watch as officials selectively help one type of vendor and largely ignore another group . Food trucks , with their gourmet fish tacos and overpriced finger foods , are generally considered a more upscale experience than snagging a Snickers bar and a bottle of water from a street-side table after an Atlanta Braves game . But both types of entrepreneurs are doing the same thing : hawking products . They should both be treated equally regardless of what they 're selling or how they 're selling it . That has n't happened over the past 12 months . ?
At last week 's meeting of Council 's Public Safety Committee , Willie Brown , a former Turner Field vendor and outspoken critic of the current policy , bluntly framed the city 's conduct as a `` black and white '' issue . `` This is a race game , '' he said . `` You 're working with the food trucks , but not the street vendors . '' Councilman C.T . Martin , who was the lone vote against the proposal , agreed with Brown 's concerns and said he was `` kind of right on '' about the city 's preferential treatment toward food trucks . ?
`` I did n't think that the street vendors were getting the same kind of respect that food truck vendors are getting , '' Martin says . Why is that ? It 's a question that 's worth asking . ?
Council should n't stand in the way of a potential citywide food truck boom . We know Reed wants entrepreneurs to be able to thrive in Atlanta . He started that process with food trucks . And he 's doing that with tech startups - even traveling to Silicon Valley to listen and learn . But he needs to make those opportunities available to all businesspeople - no matter their sales pitch and socioeconomic status . Vendors like Brown deserve the exact same respect . They too should stand to benefit from the collaborative and deliberate discussions that food truck vendors received .
?
? On March 21 , Mayor Kasim Reed responded with an op-ed defending the city 's new vending program and refuting arguments made in this editorial . You can read his column here. ? ?
ANAHEIM , Calif. — South Korea utterly destroyed the competition in the first Overwatch World Cup this weekend at BlizzCon , ending with a Saturday finals victory over Russia that was nothing short of hard to watch .
Like Ali vs Liston ( II ) , . South Korea crushed Russia , shutting them down each match . In fact , the whole tournament not one team managed to get a point over South Korea .
The first ever Overwatch World Cup commenced Friday in Anaheim , where a total of 16 countries came together in Olympic-style teams to battle it out for medals , not prize-pools .
Teams competed for honor and country ( and a modest bonus for competing ) , and the South Korean team showed yet again how formidable their players can be .
Pictured left to right : South Korean team captain Jin Hygu `` Miro '' Gong and Tae Yeong `` Migtairong '' Kim Image : kellen beck/mashable
Asked if they felt like they have been challenged yet , South Korean player Tae Yeong `` Migtairong '' Kim stated that first-round opponent team U.S.A. `` used a lot of strategy and probably challenged us the most . ''
Kim also said that team Sweden had its moments — notably team captain André `` iddqd '' Dahlström , the McCree main .
Quarterfinal and semifinal matches were best of three , though the final was best of seven .
In the semis Finland was pitted against Sweden . Finland took a point but in the end Sweden came out on top , securely taking second place in the Cup with Finland in third .
Moreno pitched 4.2 scoreless innings to earn his sixth save of the season . Moreno pitched 4.2 scoreless innings to earn his sixth save of the season .
April 19 , 2015
MANHATTAN , Kan. - No . 19 Texas Tech won its first Big 12 road series of the season with a 4-1 victory over K-State on Sunday in front of 1,780 fans on a rainy afternoon at Tointon Family Stadium .
The Red Raiders ( 25-15 , 9-6 Big 12 ) , who have won six of their last seven games , were led by a pair of senior relievers , Corey Taylor and Dominic Moreno , who combined pitched 7.1 scoreless relief innings with nine strikeouts .
The Wildcats ( 18-20 , 5-10 Big 12 ) struck out a season-high 10 times while scoring their only run of the game in the second inning of Tech starter Dylan Dusek .
Taylor ( 3-0 ) earned his third win of the season pitching 2.2 scoreless frames allowing four hits and a walk with three strikeouts . Moreno notched his sixth save of the season pitching 4.2 scoreless inning with six strikeouts and two walks .
K-State starting pitcher Nate Griep ( 3-2 ) took the loss allowing two runs on five hits with four strikeouts and two walks .
Tech took a 1-0 lead on Tyler Neslony 's fifth home run of the season - a solo shot to right field - in the second inning .
The Red Raiders grabbed a 2-0 lead with junior first baseman Eric Gutierrez ' sacrifice fly in the fourth inning as sophomore outfielder Stephen Smith scored , who doubled to center field to lead off the inning .
Tech plated its third and fourth runs of the game in the sixth inning as freshman third baseman Orlando Garcia hit a two-out , two-run double down the left-field line to score Gutierrez ( singled ) and freshman second baseman Michael Davis , who also singled in the inning .
Moreno allowed only two base runners to reach scoring position during his 4.2 innings on the mound .
Texas Tech will take on Abilene Christian on Tuesday , April 21 in Midland , Texas at 6:30 p.m. at Security Bank Ballpark , home of the Midland Rockhounds , the Double-A affiliate of the Oakland Athletics .
NOTES :
TEAM NOTES -
- Texas Tech won its first Big 12 road series since last season at TCU .
- Texas Tech has won six of its last nine Big 12 series dating back to last season .
- Texas Tech won its first series at K-State since 2009 .
- Texas Tech has won six of its last seven and nine of its last 14 overall .
- Texas Tech is off to its best start in Big 12 play ( 9-6 ) since 2004 ( 9-6 ) .
TECH vs. K-STATE SERIES NOTES -
- Texas Tech leads K-State in the all-time series , 33-26-1 , and trails the Wildcats , 13-16 , all-time in games played in Manhattan ... Red Raiders improve to 9-8 all-time against K-State in Big 12 series ... Tech is now 4-5 against K-State in Big 12 series played in Manhattan ... Red Raiders improve to 4-6 against the ` Cats in Big 12 series finales .
- Texas Tech held K-State to just two runs during the final two games of the series - that marks the fewest runs ever allowed by Tech against K-State in back-to-back games in a series .
- Texas Tech struck out 10 K-State batters - marked a season-high for the Wildcats .
TECH MISCELLANEOUS NOTES -
- Texas Tech is 12-9 in Big 12 series finales under third-year head coach Tim Tadlock .
- Texas Tech improved to 18-2 when scoring six or more runs .
- Texas Tech improved to 22-1 when leading after the sixth inning .
- Texas Tech has homered in nine consecutive games ( 11 HR ) for the first time since 2002 .
- Texas Tech has hit 31 home runs in 40 games this season ... Tech hits 30 home runs all of last season in 66 games played .
- Texas Tech marked its 11th game this season without committing an error ... Red Raiders are 8-3 when not committing an error .
- Texas Tech has not committed an error in back-to-back games for the first time this season in Big 12 play ... overall , it marks the third time the Red Raiders have gone back-to-back games without an error .
- Texas Tech posted its NCAA-leading 49th double play of the season with a 4-6-3 DP in the eighth inning .
- Texas Tech held its opponent to one run or fewer for the eighth time this season and for just the second time this year in back-to-back games ( Feb. 20 - doubleheader vs. NIU ) .
- Texas Tech improved to 10-3 this season when wearing red jerseys .
TECH PLAYER NOTES -
- Corey Taylor lowered his NCAA-leading ERA to 0.36 ( 50.0 IP - 2 ER ) .
- Corey Taylor recorded his 12th scoreless outing of the season . ( 31st career ) .
- Corey Taylor has pitched multiple innings in 13-of-17 outings .
- Corey Taylor has made multiple outings in 4-of-5 Big 12 series .
- Texas Tech is 12-5 during Taylor 's 17 appearances .
- Dominic Moreno threw 4.2 innings - marking his longest career relief outing .
- Dominic Moreno tallied his ninth scoreless outing of the season ( 19th career ) .
- Dominic Moreno struck out six batters - marked the fifth time this season with at least six strikeouts .
- Dominic Moreno has n't allowed an extra-base hit during his last four outings ( 10.1 IP ) .
- Dominic Moreno leads the Big 12 with 12.1 strikeouts/9 innings .
- Dominic Moreno recorded 14 outs - seven groundouts ( 1 DP ) , six strikeouts , 0 fly outs .
- Texas Tech is 11-6 during Moreno 's 17 appearances .
- Tyler Neslony has reached base safely in 21 consecutive games .
- Eric Gutierrez has a 14-game hit streak ... batting .396 ( 19-for-48 ) during streak with nine runs , three doubles , 11 RBI , 12 walks .
- Eric Gutierrez has started in 162 straight games - spanning his entire three-year Tech career .
- Eric Gutierrez has reached base safely in 17 consecutive games .
- Eric Gutierrez recorded his third game-winning RBI of the season ( 12th career ) .
- Orlando Garcia has an eight-game hit streak .
- Orlando Garcia recorded his sixth multi-hit game .
- Orlando Garcia ranks third on the team with six multiple RBI games .
- Orlando Garcia during April - .378 ( 14-for-37 ) with three doubles , one triple , home run , nine RBIs , .439 on-base percentage and .595 slugging percentage .
- Tyler Floyd posted his sixth multi-hit game of the season ( 9th career ) .
- Cory Raley has reached base safely in 11 consecutive games .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Geir Haarde described the charge as `` laughable ''
Former Icelandic PM Geir Haarde has been found not guilty of negligence over the 2008 financial crisis that saw the island 's economy go into meltdown .
A special court in Reykjavik said Mr Haarde would face no punishment and his legal expenses would be paid for .
But he was found guilty of one of the four charges : not holding cabinet meetings when things turned critical .
Mr Haarde , 61 , is thought to be the first world leader to face criminal charges over the financial crisis .
Iceland 's three main banks collapsed during economic turmoil and the failure of online bank Icesave hit thousands .
The collapse led to a dispute over compensation between the UK and Iceland , which remains unresolved .
Some Icelanders have seen the trial of Mr Haarde as scapegoating , while others have argued that public accountability is essential following the country 's financial collapse .
'Absurd ' verdict
The main points of the 500-page verdict were announced on Monday by the court 's chief Judge Markus Sigurbjornsson .
He said that - despite being found guilty on one charge - `` Geir Haarde will not be punished '' .
The proceedings were held at the Landsdomur court - the first case of the special court founded in 1905 to deal with criminal charges against Icelandic government ministers .
The panel consisted of 15 members : five supreme court justices , a district court president , a constitutional law professor and eight people chosen by parliament .
Mr Haarde later described the verdict as `` absurd '' .
`` It is obvious that the majority of the judges have found themselves pressed to come up with a guilty verdict on one point , however minor , to save the neck of the parliamentarians who instigated this , '' he told reporters .
Mr Haarde , who led the country 's government in 2006-09 , had argued during the trial that he was only doing what he thought was best for the country at the time .
Before the case opened he had tried unsuccessfully to have all charges dismissed , calling the proceedings `` preposterous '' and saying that his conscience was clear .
If you 're into electronic music , Daniel Miller is something of an icon . Back in 1978 , the British producer released two songs , `` Warm Leatherette '' and `` T.V.O.D. , '' under the name The Normal . `` Warm Leatherette , '' in particular , has been a cult hit for decades , a dark , punk-influenced synth tune that you 'll sometimes still hear at clubs .
With that 7-inch release , Miller launched his independent label , Mute Records . In the 38 years since , that label has gone on to release music by Fad Gadget , Depeche Mode , Moby , Goldfrapp and Apparat .
On this particular Saturday night at the Teragram Ballroom , Miller is n't talking about the label . He 's demonstrating modular synthesizers as part of L.A. Modular 2016 .
Continue Reading
Miller sits behind a mountain of knobs and cables . The rig stands high enough to obscure his face from those in the front row . If you move back , you can catch a glimpse of him and , if you look at the projection screen behind him , you can see his hands move between modules .
Mute Records founder Daniel Miller shares his interest in Eurorack-style modular synths with the crowd at L.A. Modular 2016 . Liz Ohanesian
He spends more than half an hour manipulating sound , pausing occasionally to talk to the audience . Synthesized noises evolve , starting to resemble the tones of other instruments or the effects that pepper film and television soundtracks . Sometimes he 's less than pleased with the results .
`` That 's not very nice , is it ? '' he says to the crowd after a staticky rhythm pulses through the machines .
`` I liked that one ! '' someone shouts from the crowd .
Miller responds , `` There 's no such thing as good or bad with modulars ; it 's just you either like it or you do n't like it . ''
Modular synths can be a difficult world to unravel . Unlike the more familiar keyboard-based synthesizers , modulars consist of multiple pieces of gear , patched and cabled together to produce different combinations of sounds and effects . It offers musicians and producers a bewildering array of options for building their own unique systems , and the costs can add up , but the reward is a unique instrument that might be capable of producing sounds no one 's ever heard before . `` At some point , it can be very addictive , '' Miller says . `` You always want to get the next module because that 's what 's going to define your sound . ''
In recent years , a new wave of modular synths has gained popularity with some electronic-music producers . Frequently referenced as Euroracks , these are small modules often made by indie-minded companies , which can be mixed and matched to build large , customized setups . Miller himself uses Eurorack systems , but even this synth-music pioneer admits that the gear can be overwhelming . `` I used to know every module that existed , '' Miller says by phone prior to the event . `` Now , I have n't got a clue . … I think that 's a bit of a problem for some people . ''
The equipment can be intimidating , resembling the control panel of a spaceship or a mad scientist 's lab more than a musical instrument . That 's part of why L.A. Modular exists : to help newcomers make sense of these tools .
The first incarnation of what aims to be an annual event , L.A. Modular 2016 was organized by a small group of Eurorack aficionados , among them synthesis artists Cyrus Rex , Anthony Baldino , Rodent516 and Nitzer Ebb founders Douglas McCarthy and Bon Harris , with help from L.A. art gallery Lethal Amounts . Their intent was to bring manufacturers and modular synth–using artists together with fans to show what kind of gear exists and how it can be used .
A week before the event , many of this group , including Cyrus Rex , were already organizing modules for their performances . `` It 's kind of a hard world to delve into for most people , '' says Cyrus Rex . `` We 're trying to make it easier for people to get interested and learn about it . ''
However , he points out that people do n't need a ton of experience with electronic music to get the hang of modular synths . `` There are very few rules of how you should plug things in , '' he says . `` You need a very basic synthesis knowledge , but I think a month of playing around with it could go very far . ''
For this scene-within-a-scene , the appeal can be a reaction against computer-based production . Rex used to make music on a computer , but that changed , he says , as he began to use Excel heavily for his day job . `` I do n't want to be on a computer anymore when I 'm in the creative process because it makes me feel like I 'm working on noncreative things , '' he says .
Within this small group of artists , the consensus seems to be that a lot of the joy of creating with modular synths comes from its quirks . There 's an element of chance ; even experienced users ca n't always predict what kind of sounds they will get . You can stumble across sounds that you will love , and if you do find something that strikes your ear , there 's also the possibility that you wo n't be able to repeat it .
DJM/Rex , featuring Cyrus Rex and members of Nitzer Ebb , on stage at L.A. Modular Liz Ohanesian
Later on in the night , a handful of modular synth artists perform at the venue , essentially demonstrating the extent to which you can push the gear . Anthony Baldino , Rodent516 and Atlanta producer Richard Devine play solo . Baseck is joined by singer Miya Folick , whose effect-laden vocals complement the weird , sonic textures that emerge from Baseck 's modules . DJM/Rex — featuring Rex , McCarthy , Harris and Baseck — show what you can do with multiple people playing modular synths all at once .
Out in the lobby of Teragram Ballroom before the performances and Miller 's lecture , a handful of people have set up demos showcasing the modules made by a variety of companies . L.A. musician Bana Haffar shows me the `` skiff , '' a small casing that she has filled with 10 modules made by North Carolina–based company Make Noise . She pieced this configuration together to show off Make Noise 's new module , the Tempi , which lets users program and save rhythmic patterns .
Bana Haffar shows off modules from Make Noise . Liz Ohanesian
Haffar is a relatively recent convert to synthesis . After years of playing the bass , she picked up her first synthesizer , a Moog Voyager . `` I started getting more into the sound-design aspect of it and less into the black and white keys and the keyboard side of synthesizers , '' she explains . Eventually , she started piecing together her own collection of modules . Haffar has released solo work through SoundCloud and plans to put out an EP sometime this year .
`` With bass , it got to a point where I had been doing it for so many years that it was second nature . You 're playing mostly from muscle memory at that point , '' she says . `` With these synths , you have to very actively be thinking about every single patch that you 're making and every single parameter and knob . You have to be a lot more focused . ''
L.A. Weekly Music 's Greatest Hits !
The 20 Best Drummers of All Time
The 20 Best Hip-Hop Songs in History
How the Hell Do People Afford Coachella ?
A new email uncovered as part of the Wikileaks Podesta hack reveals that Hillary Clinton 's campaign wished the San Bernardino shooter had been white after news broke that his name was “ Sayeed Farouk ” .
After MSNBC host Christopher Hayes ( who is white ) , tweeted “ NBC News now reporting a US citizen named Sayeed Farouk believed to be one of the people involved in the shooting , ” Karen Finney , Hillary 's ‘ strategic communications adviser and senior spokesperson ' responded simply with the word “ damn ” .
Campaign chairman John Podesta responded to the email by stating , “ Better if a guy named Sayeed Farouk was reporting that a guy named Christopher Hayes was the shooter . ”
In other words , the campaign had hoped for the shooter to be a white man , presumably because that could be better exploited for political grist .
Podesta wished that San Bernardino shooter had been white . # PodestaEmails9 https : //t.co/BOnWqkOiOH pic.twitter.com/fsVscaGjWi — Paul Joseph Watson ( @ PrisonPlanet ) October 16 , 2016
The fact that the shooter was in fact an Islamic extremist played into Donald Trump 's narrative that ISIS represents a significant threat to America .
Response on Twitter was damning .
“ Must have been terribly inconvenient for them that another Islamist fanatic went on a bloody rampage killing infidels , ” tweeted one user .
“ No empathy just how can we spin it ? ” responded another .
“ It 's amazing how much they hate patriotic white people . How do you fight such hate when they hide it behind smiles ? ” asked another .
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube :
Follow-on Twitter : Follow @ PrisonPlanet
Facebook : https : //www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com .
Bayo Oluwasanmi It should n't be any surprise , but the presidential election is shaping up as a case study in how to manipulate the democratic process . That President Jonathan and the Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) are hell bent to rig the March 28 presidential elections is a forgone conclusion . It 's not even a fit subject for intelligent debate any more .
Election rigging is a little more sophisticated now than in the days of the Old Republic . Under the Jonathan administration , the practice of election rigging is alive and well and more pervasive than ever . The evidence is everywhere if we choose to look .
Why do you think there is so much push to send INEC Chairman Attahiru Jega to Siberia ? By the time you 're reading this piece , Jega would have been history ! Why do you think Attorney General and Minister of Justice Adoke filed and later withdrew affidavit against the use of updated electronic voters register and permanent voters card ? Why do you think the election was postponed ? Why do you think Mr. Jonathan obstinately refused to investigate the Ekitigate video on how PDP used he is military and the police to rig the gubernatorial election in Ekiti State despite the fact that he was implicated by Musiliu Obanikoro ?
Why do you think despite the damaging Ekitigate video that exposed Obanikoro as the principal agent of the President Jonathan saying the president sent him , Jonathan still nominate him as defense minister ? Why do you think Jonathan has illegally federated all the 36 states with an army of occupation ? Why do you think Jonathan wants to use the military during elections ?
Of course there is a script being authored , auditioned , and choreographed by Vice-President Sambo , Femi Fani-Kayode , Ayodele Fayose , and other PDP criminals and experts in election rigging . But these are rather insignificant compared to the big picture that is being planned for the D-Day March 28 .
When elements – Doyin Okupe , Ayodele Fayose , and Femi Fani-Kayode - in Jonathan 's administration vowed General Muhammadu Buhari will never become president , do not think they were bluffing . They are working day and night to make this a reality . They have devised several plans which have been neutralized in the past . Thanks to the proactive measures of SaharaReporters and some patriotic citizens .
It should be emphasized that Jonathan and other criminals in the PDP led government who are determined to bring Nigeria to its knees , have not relented . New plans are being devised , developed , and perfected on a daily basis . There are plans in the offing to impeach Governor Rotimi Amaechi by hook or crook in few days . This is to implicate him in many ramifications and as the campaign director of Buhari Campaign Organization destabilize Buhari campaign in general .
Suspects in prison for the murder of Funsho Williams are being primed to confess they were sent by Bola Tinubu . They have been promised heaven on earth even in prison if they can implicate him . The plan is to blackmail Tinubu into submission or at the very least distract him with a nauseous court case . It has been alleged Jonathan met with Tinubu in Badagry during one of Jonathan 's numerous visits to Lagos and tried to convince Tinubu to back out from supporting Buhari .
Jonathan told Tinubu he ( Tinubu ) is number one on the list compiled by Buhari of those to be probed once he becomes president . Let it be known to all that Jagaban is under intense pressure at the moment to betray Buhari . To be fair to him , Tinubu has not succumbed . It is no secret that Nigeria at the moment is prostrate in a cesspit of corruption dug by a few . It is so humongous Nigerians will shudder when they know the full details . And Jonathan has been taken hostage by the monstrous clique of corrupt people responsible for his mess .
Ordinarily , Jonathan is willing to relinquish power if he loses . But these corrupt people have planted fear in him that Buhari will send him to jail once he becomes president and discovers the level of rot in the system . That 's why he 's fighting tooth and nail to remain president . This much has been alluded to by the former President Olusegun Obasanjo . The Jonathan government is capable of anything to sustain the status quo . They have the resources and evil minded people to accomplish much .
The fake Shekau option has not been discarded because it was leaked last week . The Ekitigate style is still very much on the table . You can see how it was tactically nipped in the bud at the House of Reps sitting last week . There is still about four weeks to go before the elections . If one hour is a long time in politics , you can imagine what four weeks will be .
The “ election will never hold ” plan is still alive depending on the success of their plans to weaken Buhari 's campaign and decimate his support base in the coming weeks . If the plans succeed , elections may hold . If it does not , the Interim National Government ( ING ) contraption may be employed . There are many , many , other facets to this election rigging plan . I have only scratched the surface . As the election draws closer and closer , I will make other Jonathan and PDP rigging plans known to the whole world .
The March 28 presidential election is a struggle to install freedom , liberty , prosperity and the people 's will . Nigerians have resolved not to be cast into the dim past of corruption , poverty , and oppression . Eternal vigilance is the price of freedom . All eyes must be on Jonathan 's government and even on some APC members .
Can we connect the dots yet ?
[ email protected ]
STRETCH GOAL # 1 - unlocked ! ! !
We will install a magnetic sensor on all Hercules in the reward level $ 149 and up ( need large wheels on Hercules to clear magnets on the ground or track ) ! ! ! Please see update # 2 for detailed description .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
STRETCH GOAL # 2 - unlocked ! ! !
We will incorporate stop motion feature in all Hercules with magnet sensor upgrade ( reward level $ 149 and up ) ! Please see update # 5 for more information .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Pre-order Shutter Trigger Upgrade - add $ 30 to your pledge amount
The shutter trigger automatically synchronizes the camera 's shutter to actuate in between the Hercules ' movements . This new function will bridge the connection between our product and your camera , turning The Hercules into a true shoot-move-shoot camera system . Please read update # 7 for more information .
THE HERCULES
Sliders and motion control units give you precise , motorized control of camera moves and create stunning time-lapses . Unfortunately , conventional systems are heavy , complicated to use , and can cost thousands of dollars . The time and skill required to set up a conventional motion control system prevents people from using them whenever and wherever inspiration strikes .
Our team of electrical engineers , software developers , and filmmakers set out to create a very portable , low cost product that was capable of creating the beautiful shots of motion control units . The result is The Hercules .
INNOVATIVE DESIGN
The Hercules was designed to be small but powerful . It easily fits into a shirt pocket and can be assembled in seconds . The Hercules runs smoothly over any flat surface so it does n't need a slider track . This gives you incredible , low angle shots that are not limited by track length .
PRODUCT FEATURES AND SPECS
Dimensions
Specs
Product Weight : 4 oz/110 g ( Hercules with curved wheel bracket )
Max Camera Weight : 20 lbs/9 kg ( using optional cheese plate for support )
Max Continuous Speed : 1 inch/sec or 2.5 cm/sec
Index Distance for Time-Lapse : .01 '' - 1.0 '' / .25 mm - 25 mm
Index Cycle Time for Time-Lapse : 1 sec . - 60 sec .
Power : 1 AAA battery
Battery Life : up to 1.5 hrs for continuous move/up to 5 days in time-lapse mode
VERSATILITY
The Hercules is very versatile and can produce a great variety of shots such as breath taking motion controlled time-lapse shots , stunningly smooth linear moves , curved shots , and panoramas .
The Hercules is able to achieve its wide variety of shots by using changeable brackets . From the inline wheel bracket to the curved wheel bracket to the 360-degree panorama bracket , The Hercules can easily produce a variety of shots in seconds . It does all of this while being powered by a single AAA battery !
Curved Wheel Bracket
When attached to the curved wheel bracket , The Hercules becomes an essential tool not just for filmmakers but also professionals , from real estate agents to online retailers , who want to capture beautiful videos of their products where ever they go .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Panoramic Base
The Hercules drive unit can be easily attached to the panoramic base to create panoramic photos , panning videos , and time lapses . The panoramic base contains two components , the base containing a ball bearing and the clamp to hold the drive unit , that can easily be disassembled and fit in your pocket .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Linear Track
The Hercules Track is made from extruded aluminum that is both light and attractive . Both ends are supported by four adjustable feet so you can create smooth videos anywhere . The 20 inch track weighs about 1 pound and has universal threaded holes on 3 spots along the track for mounting to a tripod .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Cheese Plate , Large Wheel Set , and Free-Rotating Drive Wheel
For heavier cameras and lens , adding the cheese plate to The Hercules allows the payload to be distributed evenly among the three wheels for better traction . It enables the camera lens to point to any direction independent of The Hercules movement ( similar to a gun turret on a tank ) .
An additional , large diameter wheel set can be swapped with the standard wheel set in a few seconds using the thumbscrews that hold the wheels in place . The large wheel set effectively doubles the speed of The Hercules should you choose to move the camera faster . Additionally , the track and swivel base only works with the large wheel set on The Hercules .
The drive wheel on The Hercules is attached directly to the shaft of the motor inside the body , and therefore it can not rotate by itself . The free-rotating drive wheel can be used in place of the drive wheel to allow the dolly to move without the aid of the motor , turning it into a traditional , manual dolly .
USE WITH ANY CAMERA
The Hercules was designed with both professionals and amateurs in mind . From smartphones to professional cameras , The Hercules works with almost any camera on the market that has a universal camera thread mount .
TIME LAPSE PHOTOGRAPHY
Using The Hercules ' intuitive one button control , you can choose between 5 different cycle times for your time-lapse shots ranging from 1 to 60 seconds while the motor can be programmed to index from 0.01 to 1 inch in either direction . This provides a wide range of speed to capture that perfect time lapse .
CONSTRUCTION
With structural components machined from aircraft grade aluminum , The Hercules is not only attractive to look at , but it is incredibly strong and durable . Components dimensions are precisely controlled during manufacturing processes to ensure proper fit for every device .
We paid attention to every detail when we designed The Hercules , all the way down to the wheels . The wheels are made of Delrin , almost as strong as aluminum , and have smooth rubber tires for no-slip traction as well as ball bearings to reduce rolling resistance .
ELECTRONIC DEVELOPMENT
The brain of The Hercules is a microcontroller that works in conjunction with a motor driver and power management circuitry to maintain a stable power source for consistent motor speed .
The PCB design has gone through several iterations to achieve a very small footprint that is required to fit inside the aluminum casing .
timeline
The Hercules has been designed , built , and tested . This product is ready to go into large-scale production and we have already sold a small quantity to very satisfied customers . We are looking to the Kickstarter community to help us meet minimum manufacturer 's quantities . By contributing to our Kickstarter , you will be purchasing at a low , low price a product that is ready for production .
BUILT BY A TEAM OF EXPERTS
The Hercules was designed and built by a team of engineers and filmmakers who were looking to create a product that could be used by professionals and amateurs alike . Working from Southern California we have strived to create an easy to use , fully functional motion control system in the smallest and lightest possible package .
THANK YOU ! We greatly appreciate your interest in The Hercules . By contributing to our Kickstarter , you will be enabling anybody with a camera to be able to create incredible footage . Please help spread the word about The Hercules on Facebook , Twitter , etc . and help us get this incredible product into the hands and pockets of people all over the world . Please view the rewards below ...
REWARDS
# 1 . You will receive Kickstarter pricing on Hercules products if you decide to buy after March 2016 .
# 2 . Hercules with panoramic base
# 3 . Hercules with fixed wheel bracket
# 4 . Hercules with curved wheel bracket and a set of large wheels
# 5 & # 6 . Hercules with curved wheel bracket , set of large wheels , panoramic base , free-rotating drive wheel , and cheese plate
# 7 & # 8 & # 9 . Everything from reward # 5 plus a 20 '' linear track , a ball head mount , and a smartphone clamp
A possible first in Tokyo 's Akihabara ( Akiba ) district , the Soine-ya ( lit . Sleep side-by-side ) allows customers to sleep side-by-side ( platonically ) with the female staff members for a price . The new establishment opened on the 20th of this month .
The official website lists the prices for the amount of time spent with an attendant .
Membership fee : 3000 yen ( about US $ 40 )
First time only : 40 minutes for 3000 yen
Normal Fees
20 mins . - 3,000 yen
40 mins . - 5,000 yen ( about US $ 65 )
60 mins . - 6,000 yen ( about US $ 77 )
120 mins . - 11,000 yen ( about US $ 140 )
180 mins . - 16,000 yen ( about US $ 205 )
4 hours – 20,000 yen ( about US $ 255 )
4 hours – 20,000 yen ( about US $ 255 )
5 hours – 25,000 yen ( about US $ 320 )
6 hours – 30,000 yen ( about US $ 385 )
10 hours – 50,000 yen ( about US $ 640 )
There are also options that customers can pay extra money to increase the pleasure of their stay .
Customer can lay head on girl 's arm – 3 mins . - 1000 yen ( about US $ 13 )
Girl pat-massages customer 's back – 3 mins . - 1000 yen
Customer can pat girl 's head in praise – 3 mins . - 1000 yen
Gaze at each other intently – 1 min . – 1000 yen
Girl changes into one different outfit – 1000 yen
Girl massages customer – 3 mins . – 1000 yen
Customer massages girl – 3 mins . - 2000 yen ( about US $ 25 )
Customer can lay head on girl 's lap – 3 mins . - 1000 yen
Girl lays head on customer 's lap – 3 mins . - 2000 yen
Source : Netlab via Yaraon !
As the number of claimants suing the publisher of the Daily Mirror over alleged phone hacking heads towards 50 , the company is facing mounting legal costs . However , City analysts are confident Trinity Mirror would have the financial resources to absorb a far higher number of compensation payments .
On Friday Trinity Mirror , publisher of the Daily Mirror , Sunday Mirror and Sunday People , paid out £125,000 in damages to the first six claimants , including actor Christopher Eccleston and former England football manager Sven-Goran Eriksson .
The publicity accompanying the company 's admission last week of liability over phone hacking , after years of denials , could start a flood of further claims . “ I strongly believe this is the tip of the iceberg , ” says Chris Hutchings , a solicitor at law firm Hamlins , which is representing a number of clients suing Trinity Mirror . “ For every case being settled new cases are popping up . We are getting a steady flow of inquiries by people notified by police that relate to the Mirror . Dan Evans was the key that opened the Pandora 's box [ for the Mirror ] . ” Ex-News of the World journalist Evans , who also worked at the Sunday Mirror from 2003 to 2005 , has admitted phone hacking and co-operated extensively with police and prosecutors .
In July Trinity Mirror told investors that £4m had been set aside for phone-hacking costs ; it has a total provision of £9m classified as “ other ” on its books that could be used . Hutchings believes that is a “ quite optimistic ” expectation of a cost cap , especially given News Corporation has paid out $ 551m in three years to the end of June , covering 718 cases . “ Remember there are also legal costs , which can at least mirror-image the damages award , and insurance against large damages , ” he says . “ Each successful claimant could cost between £25,000 and £125,000. ” The first six payouts made on Friday averaged just under £21,000 each , before extra costs which are likely to double that figure .
With a £460m market capitalisation , Trinity Mirror is a minnow compared to News Corp ( $ 10bn ) and 21st Century Fox ( $ 74bn ) , which is covering some of its sister company 's phone-hacking costs . Yet Alex DeGroote , an analyst at Peel Hunt , says Trinity Mirror is in solid financial shape .
His model works on an average £100,000 cost to Trinity Mirror per successful litigation . “ At £100,000 they would need 90 successful litigants to hit that £9m provision , and Trinity appears to be involved mostly in much lower level stuff [ than News Corp ] , ” he says . “ When Trinity Mirror admitted liability it did n't move the share price . I 've spoken to some of the major shareholders and people are relaxed , for now . The question is , will the floodgates now open ? They would need an awful lot of litigants to give the market the willies. ” The company 's share price did slip on Friday , closing down nearly 6 % at 163.75p .
Despite the difficulties faced by the newspaper sector Trinity Mirror has performed robustly . In the past four years the company has reliably produced annual profits of between £90m and £100m , despite declining revenues , and its net debt had been cut to £97m at the end of last year .
DeGroote says that if compensation claims do mount , the key metric to consider is the £60m of cash the company annually produces as “ free cash flow ” . “ Until now this has been used to pay down debt , ” he says . “ At the average cost of £100,000 it would take 600 successful litigants each year before you would start to get worried . ”
News Corporation has been hit by often extremely serious and very high profile claims – Charlotte Church received £600,000 , Jude Law £130,000 – and the eight month phone-hacking case which has been called arguably the most expensive in UK history .
Hutchings notes : “ They are dealing with it very differently to News Corp . They are cutting it off as early as they can . Claims being made are already settling , so clearly [ Trinity ] Mirror is treating this with the utmost seriousness . It is a careful strategy to see these off as quick as possible , a very strategic , commercial view of it . ”
DeGroote says that mounting compensation costs could potentially impact on the plan to pay a dividend next year , the first since 2008 , but he feels that at this stage that is unlikely . The company 's pension plan , which during the downturn was a huge financial burden , has a deficit of £200m , but is expected to go into surplus next year .
In the past few years Trinity Mirror has got its parlous finances into shape , meaning that its “ gearing ” – the ratio of net debt to earnings , a key indicator for lenders – is just 0.7 times . Any figure under two times is considered very healthy .
Trinity Mirror admits the £9m provision is only enough to cover the number of cases it knows about . “ We have set aside a figure in the high single-digit millions to cover costs in relation to civil claims . This covers all the cases , including claims that have been made , that we are aware of , ” it said in a statement on Friday .
DeGroote nevertheless believes that , despite the ultimate financial cost being an unknown , the company will weather it . “ There has been some irritation [ among shareholders ] over the way the issue has been handled in the past , ” he says . “ The admission of liability is in some ways a positive in terms of clarity . I do n't think this will end Trinity . ”
At least five people died after being run over by the Howrah-bound Kalka Mail at Manda Road railway station on Sunday evening .
A loud bang was reportedly heard as the Bhagalpur Express passed through the railway crossing in Bampur , and a rumour spread that the engine was on fire , creating panic among its passengers . As the train came to a halt at Manda Road , passengers rushed onto the adjacent track to escape the ‘ fire ' , unaware of the approaching train .
Many passengers were still on the track when Kalka Mail passed through the station , running over at least five people , including a woman from Patna .
The lone woman who died in the incident was identified as Basanti Devi , 35 . Devi was on her way to Patna with her husband , Ravindra Kumar , and brother-in-law .
Inspector , GRP , Manoj Kumar Singh said the incident was being investigated , and the death toll could rise as efforts were on to identify the other victims .
“ Scared passengers seem to have started running after getting down from the coaches after stopping the train and got hit by Kalka , ” PRO , North Central Railway , Amit Malaviya confirmed . He said some cattle were run over by the train at the railway crossing , which produced the loud noise .
First Published : Jul 17 , 2016 23:32 IST
Two huge terror attacks in a year would be enough to challenge the spirit of any country .
As if the Charlie Hebdo massacre in January 2015 and the Paris attacks in November were not enough , a third episode of carnage in Nice on Bastille Day , July 14 , has shaken France to the brink of a terrifying escalation .
An isolated immigrant population and a strident right-wing political faction in a country awash with guns has created a toxic and explosive mixture . France , a nation long considered a beacon of liberty and stability , may be on the edge of something resembling a civil war .
I wish I could say this was just hysterical exaggeration . But the evidence does not support complacency . Just down the road from me on the outskirts of Montpellier on the shores of the Mediterranean Sea , there 's long been a gun club where enthusiastic game hunters can polish their skills during the off-season . Unlike in Britain , it is perfectly legal for members of such clubs to own pistols and semi-automatic rifles .
In the last few months , since the wave of terrorism has intensified , the membership of the gun club has quadrupled , from 200 to 800 members . The new members are not all motivated by the love of shooting sports . Benoit , a local olive farmer who owns more than a dozen rifles , pistols and shotguns , as well as an AK-47 assault rifle , admitted to me this weekend something much darker .
`` They 're getting ready for a war , '' he said .
This sounds crazy , but last week , even before the latest atrocity in Nice , it was revealed that Patrick Calvar , a senior French intelligence official , had told a parliamentary committee that one more incident could provoke a bloody civil conflict in this country .
A suicide bombing on a packed-trolley bus in Volgograd killed 17 people and wounded dozens of others .
The city was on high alert on Monday following the latest attack , which came a day after a suicide bombing at a train station there killed 17 people .
The blasts have raised safety concerns in the region in the run-up to the 2014 Winter Olympics due to take place in February in Sochi , about 650km southwest of Volgograd .
Volgograd , a city of a million people on the west bank of the River Volga , serves as a gateway to the southern wedge of Russian territory bounded by the Black and Caspian Seas and the Caucasus mountains .
`` The explosives were detonated by a male suicide bomber , fragments of whose body have been found and taken for genetic analysis to establish his identity , '' Vladimir Markin , spokesman for Russia 's federal Investigative Committee , said .
Identical explosives
The force of Monday 's blast destroyed the number 15A trolley-bus , which was packed with early morning commuters at about 8:30am local time ( 04:30 GMT ) .
Markin said the suicide bomber set off 4kg of explosives , and noted that the explosives were identical to those used in Sunday 's train-station bombing .
`` This confirms the theory that the two attacks are linked . It is possible that they were prepared in the same place , '' he said .
Russia 's Foreign Ministry called for international solidarity in the fight against `` terrorism '' on Monday , though it did n't place direct blame on any group for the bombings .
`` We will not retreat and will continue our consistent fight against an insidious enemy that can only be defeated together , '' the ministry said in a statement .
Russian investigators have opened a criminal probe into a suspected act of terror as well as the illegal carrying of weapons , Markin told Interfax .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has sent Alexander Bordnikov , director of Federal Security Service , to Volgograd while the Interior Ministry raised the number of its staff in the city .
The ministry was also expected to send a plane to Volgograd for transporting the wounded in Monday 's attack to Moscow for medical treatment , according to Interfax .
The attack was the third on the city in the past three months .
On October 21 , a female suicide bomber blew herself up on a bus , killing six people .
`` The people are angry . They feel let down by the social services , by the police , by the security forces , '' Al Jazeera 's Peter Sharp , reporting from Volgograd on Monday , said .
`` They feel not enough has been done to protect them , to protect their families .
`` About 400 local people gathered to protest about what 's happened here over the last 24 hours , and the police cleared them off , saying their presence altogether en masse was just another target for the people who are carrying out these bombings . ''
Threat to Winter Olympics
Russian officials said security would be stepped up in Moscow before New Year , the biggest holiday of the year in the country , which is traditionally marked by mass outdoor gatherings .
Reports said Russia 's second city of Saint Petersburg had already cancelled its planned New Year fireworks display .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for either of the Volgograd attacks , which came several months after Doku Umarov , a Chechen rebel leader , called for new attacks against civilian targets in Russia , including Sochi Games .
In the past , armed groups have carried out attacks in cities beyond the borders of the North Caucasus .
Rebels have said they want to carve out a Muslim state in the North Caucasus . Their armed campaign is rooted in two post-Soviet wars in Chechnya , one of the region 's provinces .
Putin , who was first elected president in 2000 after launching the second war in Chechnya , which drove Chechen separatists from power , has staked his reputation on a safe and successful Winter Games .
A philanthropist is someone who engages in philanthropy ; that is , someone who donates his or her time , money , and/or reputation to charitable causes . The term may apply to any volunteer or to anyone who makes a donation , but the label is most often applied to those who donate large sums of money or who make a major impact through their volunteering , such as a trustee who manages a philanthropic organization .
A philanthropist may not always find universal approval for his/her deeds . Common accusations include supporting an unworthy cause ( such as funding art instead of fighting world hunger ) or having selfish motivation at heart ( such as avoiding taxes or attaining personal fame ) . A philanthropist is also someone who cares for someone else 's needs instead of their own .
Notable philanthropists [ edit ]
Greatest philanthropists by amount of USD [ edit ]
The following table orders the greatest philanthropists by estimated amount given to charity , corresponding to USD .
See also [ edit ]
For a longer list of philanthropists , see Category : Philanthropists .
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton addresses the crowd during a campaign rally at Louisville Slugger Field 's Hall of Fame Pavilion in Louisville , Kentucky , May 10 , 2016 . John Sommers II/Reuters
In 2012 , liberals worried that Barack Obama would fumble the election to Mitt Romney . “ With 100 days left in the presidential campaign , perhaps the two most vexing questions in American politics are : How could President Obama possibly lose ? And , how could he possibly win ? ” wrote Democratic consultant Drew Westen in a column for the Washington Post . Rank-and-file Democrats echoed this anxiety .
Time proved these fearful liberals wrong , but their initial worry made sense . For most of 2012 , the economy teetered between sluggish recovery and renewed slowdown ; Obama 's job approval was underwater , and white voters had turned decisively against his presidency . On the eve of the election , Mitt Romney held 59 percent support among whites , a margin on par with Ronald Reagan 's in the 1984 presidential election . Even if relative conditions favored the incumbent president—and they did—it still felt as if Obama could lose , and lose badly .
Four years later , Obama is a well-liked two-termer presiding over a decent economy . The Democratic Party is about to choose as his successor a woman who ran against him in 2008 and subsequently served in his administration as secretary of state . And in Monday 's Washington Post , a headline read : “ The presidency is Hillary Clinton 's to lose . Here are 12 ways she could lose it . ”
It 's not unreasonable , as fears go . But they seem to proliferate even among liberals who understand that presidential elections are determined more by demography and economic movement—the fundamentals—than by the particular qualities of the candidates . That 's silly . It 's time people apply what they know to the shape of this election , rather than bend to what they might fear .
Before that , however , it 's worth looking at the reasons liberals are worried about this year 's contest . In the Post , James Hohmann enumerates the problems with and surrounding Clinton . She 's prone to unforced errors , like turning a routine line about the decline of coal in West Virginia into a soundbite promising an end to coal jobs . She 's not a “ natural politician ” —in her words—and she does n't inspire in ways we expect our presidential hopefuls to inspire . She has a penchant for secrecy that does n't serve her well , an ex-president husband who has hurt her campaign as much as he 's helped it , and an “ insider ” pedigree that was as much a requirement—the first woman with a shot at the White House almost had to be an insider—as it is now an albatross , here in the present environment of reactionary populism and “ political revolution. ” And , if that was n't enough , she will be one of the most unpopular politicians ever to win a major party nomination .
It does n't ease the anxiety over Clinton 's weakness as a candidate that Republicans , for their nominee , have chosen ( or , less charitably , surrendered to ) Donald Trump , a reality TV star and real estate mogul who soared to victory on nativist rhetoric and an expansive plan to deport unauthorized immigrants and ban Muslims from entering the United States . Trump emerged out of the dynamics and dysfunctions of the contemporary Republican Party , and eight months of polling presaged his victory . Still , he seems like an unpredictable force—a political Loki who bends and defies the “ rules ” of American politics .
If the stakes of the 2012 election were high—the future of Democratic policymaking and the legacy of the nation 's first black president—the stakes of this fight are mountainous . Who is this country for ? Is it an experiment in multiracial , multiethnic inclusion ? Or is it a herrenvolk democracy—a country for whites , and no one else ?
That the consequences of President Trump are so dire only amplifies the fear that Clinton could stumble and fall over her scattered baggage . It 's too much to say that liberals and Democrats should n't worry . But to repeat a point that ca n't be repeated enough , the fact that Trump could win as a matter of mathematical reality does n't mean that it 's a likely outcome . We are n't in some chaos world of infinite possibilities . Presidential elections are still bound by structural forces , and those—not the dark arts of Donald Trump or the David Brentish awkwardness of Hillary Clinton—will weigh the heaviest on this election .
What are those forces ?
They are demographics . In 2012 , President Obama won 39 percent of white voters to Mitt Romney 's 59 percent , with major deficits in key swing states like Virginia and Florida , where he lost white voters 61 percent to 37 percent . And yet , Obama won the national popular vote with room to spare , and he won in those states . The reason is simple : nonwhite voters . By voting as a bloc ( or close to it ) , black , Latino , and Asian Americans tilted the field decisively toward the Democrats . Thus far , there 's no evidence these Americans have dropped out of the presidential electorate , and plenty to suggest they 'll return in greater numbers . How does Trump fare with this rising share of voters ?
According to the latest survey from YouGov and the Economist , 82 percent of blacks and 78 percent of Latinos have a negative view of the Republican presidential nominee . Among people under 30 , 80 percent have a negative view . Among women , 66 percent have a negative view . No one in the presidential field , including Clinton , is as unpopular as Trump is . He 's in a whole realm to himself .
There are still other forces . Take partisanship . It governs voting among most Americans , including independents , who vote consistently for one party or the other , even if they do n't call themselves Democrats or Republicans . Partisanship is why Republicans have warmed to Trump in the days since he salted away the nomination . He 's one of them now , and that 's all that counts . On the same score , partisanship—helped along by party leaders like Barack Obama and Elizabeth Warren—is why most Democrats will eventually unite behind Clinton . Indeed , once we take partisanship seriously as a major force driving our electoral outcomes , the idea that Trump could peel off substantial numbers of Democratic-voting nonwhites or women ( or even liberal whites ) is ludicrous . It takes massive events—wars and recessions—to shatter long-established voting habits , and even then , the effect is modest . John McCain ran for president in the shadow of a failed Republican president and still won more than 45 percent of the popular vote .
None of this is to say that Clinton ca n't lose . She certainly can . But the main effect of presidential campaigns is to turn candidates into generic party standard-bearers , which means modern presidential elections turn on macro events , not micro characteristics . Mitt Romney did n't lose 2012 because he was stiff and aloof ; he lost because the economy was growing enough to favor the incumbent . Likewise , with or without Ross Perot in the running , Bill Clinton would have won in 1992—the economy was just that bad . There 's no question that in the fall , this Clinton campaign will make cringeworthy moves to rival the embarrassing ones of the past year , from “ Yaaas , Hillary ” to “ 7 things Hillary Clinton has in common with your abuela. ” But gaffes do n't make or break campaigns and bad merchandise does n't move votes . In a world of $ 1 billion campaigns , hypertargeted messaging , and deep partisanship , they do n't even matter .
The obvious response to all of this is that Hillary Clinton is a distinctive character in American politics , sui generis in a way that prevents her from ever becoming a generic Democrat . That may be true . But if it 's true of her , it 's true of Trump , too . And while Clinton is distinctive in ways both good and bad—a former First Lady turned senator turned diplomat , an unpopular and divisive figure , the first woman with a serious shot at the presidency—Trump is distinctive in ways that Balkanize and alienate vast swaths of the electorate . Instead of panicking or worrying about Team Clinton 's ability to avoid trivial mistakes , liberals and anyone invested in beating Trump should look for as many ways to capitalize on that fact .
Which is to say , do not become addicted to the spectacle of Trump ! It will take hold of you and lead you astray of the things that matter in this election . Politics is not just a game of personality—a contest of who can generate the most cash for cable networks . It is a struggle of values and interests , groups and communities . Far from worrying about Clinton , liberals and Democrats should understand that they have the advantage .
Read more Slate coverage of the 2016 campaign .
I 'm hoping to write this in a vague enough way so as not to call out anyone specifically , but several people I care about have been delivered from sin into fundamentalism . It seems like certain types of sin , addictions like pornography and alcoholism , lend themselves to fundamentalist recoveries . Sometimes I wonder if the God whom I have experienced and gotten to know would be enough of a hardass to rescue me from a serious addiction if I ever fell into one . Can God be a hardass to some people and not to others according to what we need in our discipleship journey ?
When I was a teenager , my grandpa paid for me to have flying lessons with an instructor named Melton Dean . He did a whole lot of yelling which was kind of what I expected from a flight instructor . The problem with it was that it made me scared of situations where I needed to have confidence instead . So when I went out to Victoria , Texas for my pilot 's exam , I failed because I panicked when the examiner put us into a tail spin instead of methodically doing the things that you do to get out of one .
When Dean found out that I had failed , he was flabbergasted . So he talked to my grandpa . And my grandpa said that Morgan is just different from other young men ; he does n't respond well to getting yelled at because he 's more of a sensitive type ; but if you explain to him why he needs to do something so he can understand the logic behind it , then he 'll do it . So Dean took me out again and we practiced tail spins and emergency cornfield landing approaches with calm explanations instead of yelling so that when I did a redo on the pilot 's exam after 30 days , I aced it .
It 's generally been my experience that God treats me more like Melton Dean did after I failed my flight exam than the way he was before it . I tend to be pretty ruthless with myself when I find myself caught in the same sins over and over , but it does n't seem to help for me to try to meditate on God 's hatred for my sin . I do n't think it 's because I 'm projecting a Santa Claus God in my mind . Honestly , the scripture that He 's used to shape me over the years has just made me fall in love with His mercy and understand my own holiness in terms of how well I emulate that mercy .
When I 'm convicted of sin , it 's not because I 'm trembling in terror of His wrath against me , but because I feel like a disgusting farce when I try to talk to Him . 1 John 1:10 says that when we are in denial about our sin , “ we make Him out to be a liar and His word has no place in our lives. ” The thought of making a fool of a merciful God is what makes me not want to sin . I do n't want to be the ugly wart on the beautiful body of Christ . I want to be perfectly loving the way He is , and when His grace empowers me to act that way , the gift of those moments floods my heart with joy , though much of my time is spent panting like a famished deer for the joy of my salvation to be restored .
So when I see friends fill their Facebook walls with stern , sober proclamations from Charles Spurgeon , John MacArthur , and the like about God 's anger at the utter wickedness of humanity , it troubles me and I often suspect that those proclamations are performances that are supposed to prove something . And it makes me mad because I 'm as zealous about telling the world how beautiful God is as others seem to be about telling the world how angry God is . And then I look at the New Testament and it 's hard not to see an analogy between the Pharisees whom Jesus accused of being performers and those today who like to talk about wrath and sin all the time .
But many of these Spurgeonites have in fact been delivered from very serious sins . And they do really love God . Do they just need an angry God to persist in their sobriety and deliverance ? Is it a phase that they will eventually mature out of or a phase that I have not yet matured into ? Would I be more disciplined if I could somehow hypnotize myself into conjuring up an angrier God than the One who has revealed Himself to me thus far ? Or is God a tough-as-nails flight instructor for pilots who need that and a gentle , patient one with sensitive guys like me ?
So I 'm torn because on the one hand it feels obedient to the truth I have received to proselytize other Christians who cling to angry Gods . I do believe I am called to be an evangelist to the evangelicals . But what if what appears like an unnecessarily angry God to me is part of a theological system that another type of person needs to stay clean and healthy ? That is my quandary .
Cafetería Noma in Madrid was reported to the police over the rainbow flag .
“ The police came six times between 8am on Tuesday morning and 12pm on Wednesday , ” said the owner of Noma café in Chueca , where the lion 's share of the World Pride events are held , and a neighborhood widely recognized as being the center of the city 's vibrant LGBT scene .
On June 19 , Noma 's owner received an email from the building-management firm calling for the removal of the multicolored banner . In that email , the managers said the decorations clashed with the building 's color scheme and neighbors had complained .
“ We have shown soccer games where flags were hung up , and nobody said anything , ” said the owner of the under-fire establishment .
Having a huge fire engine come up Infantas street to take down a banner seemed like a completely exaggerated response to me Owner of Noma café
On Tuesday , while the owner was discussing the email with his lawyer , he received a call from workers at the café informing him that Madrid municipal police had called in the fire department to try to take down the banner .
“ Having a huge fire engine come up Infantas street to take down a banner that was n't even tied down seemed like a completely over-the-top response to me . I said I was n't taking it down , ” the owner explained . He went on to say that the police returned later the same day and asked for the banner to be removed due to complaints from building residents . Again , the café owner refused .
“ When they saw I was n't going to take down the banner , they started making other types of complaints , ” the owner said . These included alleged violations involving an oven on the premises , and a lack of necessary licenses .
“ It seems like harassment from some of the residents , because we know it was n't the building community as a whole [ that opposed to the banner ] , ” said the owner of Noma .
The LGBT association Arcópolí is now assisting the café owner in his bid to keep the banner in place , with both arguing that the call to have it taken down is “ homophobic discrimination . ”
English version by George Mills .
A story I heard almost forty years ago comes to my mind as I write this .
It was somewhere in the late seventies when my father used to work in Gol market in New Delhi and the school where he taught was next door to Birla temple . My memories are of numerous visits to the temple which was next door to the school and where I used to go often . On one such visit , I heard this conversation between a white couple and their tourist guide . I realized they stood next to me and talked loudly . They had just come back from a visit to the south of India and were talking excitedly about the temples they had visited there and were kind of disappointed with Birla temple . They were talking of Meenakshi temple in glowing terms , the one in Chidambaram and others dotting all over south India . They were saying that they felt spiritual presence just being there even though they were Christians . The grandeur and the aura of those temples almost seemed to have cast a spell on them .
The guide was trying to explain that Birla temple was the biggest one in Delhi and the best of its kind in architecture . He told them that Mahatma Gandhi himself came to inaugurate it and insisted that all castes and creed should be allowed to come here . The temple was built by Birla , an industrialist , he added . In ancient India , most temples were built by big traders and lives revolved around it . It was a cultural and spiritual center for Hindus at that time .
The man turned to the guide and said , “ What you are saying is right , but this is not a medieval or ancient temple . This is a rather new temple , is n't it , only built in 1936 , not even fifty years old ? Where are the older temples from the medieval times with their grand architecture worth seeing ? ”
“ There are none left , ” the guide said .
“ That 's strange , is n't it ? Delhi has been a city with a majority Hindu population . Hindus were known to build magnificent temples . The traders , the kings , the people all contributed to it . Where are the big temples ? ”
“ They were all destroyed long ago . ”
“ By whom ? ”
“ By invaders . ”
“ And no temple built after that till now ? ”
“ No . There were temples but so small that they did n't attract attention . ”
“ For fear possibly , ” the woman asked cautiously .
“ Yes , ” the guide added , his voice straining to come out . “ The destruction of many of the temples put so much fear in Hindus that they never thought of building large temples of architectural marvel that exists in the south . ”
“ Why should it be fear ? Why not either anger or sadness ? ” the man asked .
“ Try to imagine those times . When they destroyed the temples , it was just not an assault to destroy the faith of Hindus . It was accompanied by threats to convert or die . ”
“ How do you as a Hindu , feel talking of all this ? ” they asked the guide .
“ What can I do ? ” He asked defensively .
The couple consulted their tourist guide . “ Nothing of this sort is written here either . Here it is written that the last Hindu king of India was in 11th century . Name - Prithiviraj Chauhan . After that it was Muslim rule . So what happened to the temples that existed till then at that time ? And were no large temples built after that till now for almost thousand years ? ”
The man said , “ Hindus are very fond of going to temples in the mornings and evenings and on all religious festivities . The temple was the center of the town where everyone collected and prayed . By destroying them and not allowing them to come up the rulers made sure that they do n't become a group politically and never gain any strength. ” She added , “ In the south I see Hindus celebrating their festivals in large groups but in north I see you pray inside homes . I saw that in Kashmir . ”
“ Yes the biggest persecutions of Hindus happened in Kashmir , ” the guide said . “ I was told , ” the guide added , “ that when this temple came up , the architects who built it cried with joy realizing what a historical moment it was for the people of the city but they kept quiet about it . ”
“ But you never advertise this . Because you as people are still scared and do n't think it would last . ”
“ Maybe . It is nothing to feel great about and you would rather do it as silently as possible . Who wants to be reminded of a history of shame and humiliation ? ”
“ So Hindus of the city were terrified of temples being brought down and did n't dare to think of building any new temples after old ones were all destroyed . No new ones were allowed to come up . Is the fear still there ? ” the couple asked .
“ I am not a historian . I do n't know about that , ” the guide said , “ but I know one thing . I have been a guide here for many years . You are not the first one to ask me this and only the foreign tourists note this difference . It is they who ask this question to me , never an Indian tourist . ”
“ The culture of silence about perpetrators , we have seen this everywhere , in Africa , in places where there was slavery , ” the couple said before walking away .
I never forgot this incident . Those words stayed etched on my mind . I told my father when we were going back . He nodded his head in silence and said that I should n't talk of this to anyone even though it is true . That fear remains in our identity as people , a force so deep inside us that pulls us down as people from gaining our self-esteem and identity .
“ This is not a topic we Hindus talk about. ” My father simply told me .
I asked this question to many people after this . Was the fear so deep that Hindus did n't dare to build any temple for eight hundred years ?
The answer was always yes . One renowned Marxist professor of history whom I asked replied that invaders have always behaved like that in every culture and then said , “ Do you want to create a riot through this discussion ? ”
One thing that happened to me as a result of this conversation was that Birla temple became a symbol of another kind quite apart from it as a divine place . It became the sign of aspirations of a people who had suffered persecution of their faith and built as a symbol of resistance and resurgence . Even though I was never religious as such that place now signified a transition to a new era , a place of pride that a society could claim as its roots taking place again .
Since then I have visited the temple many times and each time I was reminded of that conversation . I remembered the conversation in great detail and vividness .
As I went on to become a psychologist and studied trans generational trauma , I understood the grief of different societies and understood how societies stay in grief and denial , sometimes for centuries .
In the years since then whenever I have gone around Delhi , I have seen many a medieval mosque dotting the skyline across the city . Jama masjid , Sunheri masjid , Khirki masjid , Moth masjid and many others . But I never saw any medieval temple . Where did the Hindus , our ancestors prayed then ? How did they feel inside to not have a single grand religious structure in comparison to all these mosques ? To not be able to pray where once you could without fear ? Were they not then ‘ dhimmis ' or second class citizens in the capital of their own country ?
The oldest Christian church built in Kashmiri gate , St. James church , was built two hundred years ago , more than a hundred years before Birla temple , the first large temple to come up in Delhi . But through the entire 18th century there was no large temple built in Delhi . The reason perhaps was obvious . Even though Hindus had money , they could never build one till the freedom struggle gave them the inner transformation to rise above the fear that had chained them for so long . The emotion that had been killed centuries ago needed the flame of freedom to ignite them and inspire a people from slumber .
Then how did the Hindus find the determination to build a magnificent temple as late as 1936 ? I had asked an eminent historian . He confirmed my assumption . “ Because the freedom movement at its peak instilled in Indians a feeling to reclaim their roots and correct the wrongs of the past . The movement gave a courage to the people that they had not felt in themselves for a long time . ”
“ Why it is not written anywhere or discussed ? ”
“ Maybe because it is so painful. ” He had added then .
My subsequent work as a psychologist taught me there exists something called trans generational trauma that encodes and preserves the real history of a people , their stories of persecution and atrocities , through storytelling and memory that is etched permanently in the collective consciousness of the people .
For many races that faced atrocities and annihilation , there remain issues that the people go silent about , often for generations . Issues that are painful and reminder of a humiliation for not able to protect the deepest , the most cherished values of what it means to be a people . But as time goes by and the clouds of the past lift up one day , they tell us about a story that just lurks around the corner waiting to be heard .
My book ‘ The infidel next door ' explores the roots of that fear through a story that remained part of our society for centuries . Hundreds if not thousands of temples were destroyed by conservative estimates and were desecrated and burnt down as late as 1990 in Kashmir . It is not the numbers that matter I believe . It is what they caused to the Indians . My book talks of how they felt and how this emotion stays in the hearts of our people .
In a way , it is the story of every Indian who needs to understand how fear and resilience alternately shaped our memory and collective consciousness . It also wo n't rest till we find an answer and correct that injustice . I believe that when that memory is shared and acknowledged , it can lead to closure and towards healing and reconciliation for all of us .
Pic Credit : By A.Savin ( Wikimedia Commons · WikiPhotoSpace ) ( Own work ) [ FAL ] , via Wikimedia Commons
Disclaimer : The opinions expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author . MyIndMakers is not responsible for the accuracy , completeness , suitability , or validity of any information on this article . All information is provided on an as-is basis . The information , facts or opinions appearing in the article do not reflect the views of MyindMakers and it does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same .
Three men and two woman have been found guilty of multiple sexual offences against girls in the town of Rotherham , with another man having already pleaded guilty .
Another two were cleared of all charges .
The violent drug-dealing gang led by brothers Arshid , Basharat and Bannaras Hussain — known as Mad Ash , Bash and Bono — had been charged with a total of 51 indictments , with over 70 offences between them .
They include rape , sexual assault , abduction , false imprisonment and procuring a woman under 21 to become a prostitute .
Arshid Hussain , 40 , was found guilty of more than 20 counts , including rape , indecent assault , false imprisonment and aiding and abetting rape .
Basharat Hussain , 39 , was found guilty of 15 counts , including indecent assault , indecency with a child and threatening to kill the brother of a victim .
The third brother , Bannaras , 36 , pleaded guilty to 10 offences including rape , indecent assault and assault occasioning actual bodily harm before the trial started .
The brothers ' uncle , Qurban Ali , 53 , was cleared of all charges except one of conspiracy to rape .
Karen MacGregor , 58 , was also convicted of four offences , including false imprisonment and conspiracy to rape . She lured two of the victims to her house before forcing them into sexual relations with the men .
Shelley Davies , 40 , who lived with MacGregor at the time , was also found guilty of false imprisonment and procuring one of the victims to become a prostitute .
Brothers Majid Bostan , 37 and Sajid Bostan , 38 , were cleared of all charges .
More f0llows
New York officials have joined their counterparts in Newark in supporting the effort to keep proposed PATH rail extension to Newark airport off the Port Authority 's fiscal chopping block .
A letter to top Port Authority officials pitches the $ 1.5 billion PATH extension as a benefit to New Yorkers , providing a 35-minute ride to the airport from lower Manhattan .
It was signed by officials from the Downtown-Lower Manhattan Association and the Association for a Better New York , in addition to Newark Mayor Ras Baraka and the Global Gateway Alliance , a group which supports airport improvements .
Newark ranks second-to-last for mass transit access among the world 's top 30 busiest airports and the letter signers consider the airport extension as starting in Manhattan , at PATH 's World Trade Center terminal , which connects to 11 subway lines .
Construction could start in 2018 .
Supporters of building a new Port Authority Bus Terminal , which Port Authority officials put in the agency capital plan , proposed eliminating the PATH extension as a way to help fund that project .
`` Striking one for the other would represent an extraordinary admission of horse trading guiding the capital plan , instead of overall regional planning , '' said the letter .
Port Authority officials admitted to horse-trading support by New York commissioners for a new Manhattan bus terminal in exchange for New Jersey commissioners support of a new LaGuardia airport central terminal in March .
Port Authority officials said in March they planned to return to the board at a later date with a revised capital plan .
Larry Higgs may be reached at lhiggs @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @ commutinglarry . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
Louisiana Tech University is the sixth most underrated college in the nation , according to a new list of the 50 Most Underrated Colleges in America for 2015 released by Business Insider . ( Photo : Courtesy photo )
RUSTON – Louisiana Tech University is the sixth most underrated college in the nation , according to a new list of the 50 Most Underrated Colleges in America for 2015 released by Business Insider , the Internet 's largest business news website .
Business Insider compared U.S. News and World Report 's rankings of the best universities in the country with PayScale.com 's 2015-2016 College Salary Report , which ranks more than 1,000 colleges and universities based on their graduates ' mid-career salaries . Using that data , Business Insider focused in on institutional reputation and future earnings of graduates to calculate their rankings .
“ As Louisiana Tech continues to earn national accolades for the value and return on investment we provide to our students and graduates , the strength of our brand and our reputation for excellence continues to grow , says Louisiana Tech President Les Guice . “ When you look at institutions that rank in U.S. News and World Report 's Tier One of National Universities , and whose graduates earn among the highest average starting and mid-career salaries and leave college with some of the lowest amounts of student debt , there are very few institutions in America that rate as highly as Louisiana Tech . ”
Louisiana Tech ranked in Tier One of National Universities at No . 199 in U.S. News and World Report 's 2016 Best Colleges list and earned a spot among the nation 's Top 120 Public Universities . In addition to its Tier One ranking , Louisiana Tech was ranked No . 1 in the nation among public national universities and No . 6 overall for graduating students with the least average amount of debt .
In PayScale.com 's 2015-2016 College Salary Report , Louisiana Tech ranked No . 1 in Louisiana with graduates earning average mid-career salaries of $ 86,200 annually , and No . 70 in the nation in median mid-career earnings for graduates from public institutions . Louisiana Tech was second in the state for early-career salaries with graduates earning an average of $ 47,000 annually .
PayScale.com has also recognized Louisiana Tech as the state 's top institution in their College ROI Report released in March . Louisiana Tech earned the state 's highest ranking in both annual percent ROI and 20-year net ROI for students living on campus and receiving financial aid , and who are paying in-state or out-of-state tuition .
Pace University in New York City topped the Business Insider 50 Most Underrated Colleges in America list followed by Missouri University of Science and Technology , New Jersey Institute of Technology , University of Massachusetts at Lowell , and Hofstra University ( New York ) . Louisiana Tech was the only institution from Louisiana to earn a spot in the Top 50 .
Read or Share this story : http : //tnsne.ws/1MtiQEo
Why is Trump teasing Comey ( and us ) about taping his conversations ?
There is almost universal bewilderment over President Trump raising the possibility that his conversations with James Comey were captured by a recording system he had installed in the White House . Memories immediately turn to the experience of President Nixon with White House tapes being subpoenaed . That did not end well for Nixon , and raising the possibility that Trump White House conversations could be subject to subpoenas – perhaps from a Democrat-controlled House of Representatives in 2019 – has both friends and foes of the president scratching their heads . One possible explanation is that there is no such system , and Trump is merely using his reality show producer experience to build tension and get a bigger audience when he stages his `` reveal '' at some point in the future . Trump is , after all , a showman , and he relishes exercising his skills to the consternation of those wedded to traditional-style D.C. politics .
Ann Coulter last night made a startling contention , speaking to Tucker Carlson : that by raising the possibility of tapes existing , the president forced Comey to change his story and behavior dramatically and confirm that Trump was not under investigation by the FBI , as he did in his testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee . Watch below , starting at the one-minute mark if you are impatient : Coulter also made the point that the firing of Flynn had been taken as proof of improper collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia . But then it turned out that Flynn 's contacts were entirely proper . He was fired for allegedly misleading V.P . Pence about a meeting that had taken place . When Trump asked Comey to `` go easy , '' he was asking him to treat Flynn better than Trump had been treated : Comey was letting the untrue reports that he was being investigated go unrefuted by the facts in Comey 's possession . Coulter also added a startling point worthy of much further discussion : [ T ] he only documented collusion between Russia and Americans during the election was related to the defamatory Trump dossier . `` Whatever happened to that ? '' Coulter said . `` That was a Russian-produced dossier , used by , first , Never Trumpers , then the Hillary Clinton campaign , then the FBI , and broadcast hysterically by CNN . That was a Russian-produced dossier . That is the only evidence we have of Russia trying to collude . '' Trump-haters have been contending that `` Russia hacked the election '' in order to elect Trump . That has always been an unlikely goal for Putin 's lackeys . Trump 's insistence on rebuilding the U.S. military and his support for fracking and other domestic energy production have devastated Russia 's exports , which are mainly oil and gas . The price crash engendered by the fracking revolution has cost Russia dearly , and Hillary 's policies would have raised those prices by sticking to greenie policies and curbing American energy production . Plus , as the Uranium One deal demonstrated , Hillary can be bought . By the Russians . In his Rose Garden press conference yesterday with the President of Romania , President Trump signaled that the media will be `` disappointed '' when he reveals whether or not tapes exist . This seems to foreshadow the tapes not existing . If Coulter 's thesis is correct , the tease already forced Comey to change his behavior and be more forthcoming in his testimony . But what if a taping system does exist ? There are two basic possibilities to consider : The tapes support President Trump 's version of events . The tapes support Comey . If number one is true , exposing Comey as doctoring his account would shock Trump 's opponents , destroy Comey , and discredit the Trump-haters . If number two is true , Trump is heading for disaster , handing a gift to his enemies . Since Trump knows whether a system exists and , if it does , knows what the tapes reveal , it seems highly unlikely that he would behave in such a self-destructive fashion . Of course , Trump 's most vehement critics contend that he is insane . They have placed their bets . And the president has promised to reveal whether they are winners or losers in the near future . I ca n't know with certainty whether the taping system exists and what the tapes would contain if they do exist . But since President Trump has been utterly coy and kept the discussion entirely hypothetical , and since a taping system could lead to subpoenas for other conversations , I have a hard time believing that the tapes exist . But Trump has surprised me so many times in the past that I ca n't be 100 % sure .
OTTAWA — A recent study at the University of Ottawa has concluded that 93 % of Canadian households have already bought and eaten two boxes of candy intended for Halloween , and are working on a third .
“ We started tracking sales as soon as Halloween candy hit the shelves in August , and our numbers are very clear ” , said sociologist Dr. Cynthia Bishop . “ The average Canadian family has bought a box of candy , eaten it , bought another box of candy , eaten that one as well , and is now halfway through a third box . As a nation , we just have no impulse control in the presence of fun-sized Kit Kats ” .
Researchers discovered that many Canadians bought candy early with the aim of not having to worry about it last minute . However , boxes placed in highly visible locations like the top of the fridge or the kitchen counter were inevitably opened within fifteen minutes and finished gradually over the next 24 hours . Boxes placed in discrete locations like the back of a closet lasted only slightly longer .
Not everyone is excited about this , however . Ottawa local Peter Matthews is beginning to wonder if he can afford any more Néstle Favourites® Assorted Mini Candy or Cadbury Chocolate Assorted Fun Treats : “ I 've eaten five boxes already , and my paycheck does n't come until next week . Now I have to choose between another box of Twix or my diabetes medication . I might have to turn out the lights on Halloween and pretend there 's no one home ” . Candy companies , too , are worried about the development . A spokesperson for Hershey 's voiced concern to journalists : “ It looks like a good thing at first , but if our stocks run out before Halloween hits , how are we going to introduce our product to the new generation of users ? I mean customers ” .
Bishop is n't concerned : “ We have to accept that we eat an absolutely unhealthy amount of chocolate and sugar and that 's a normal life choice . It 's nothing to be ashamed of ” , she said , finishing off a bite sized Coffee Crisp , “ I personally have bought two boxes of candy so far , and I 'm planning to buy more after Halloween when it goes on sale . That 's no one 's business but mine and my dentist 's ” .
While the data shows that families are currently returning to stores for more candy , a similar study has found that families that bought those little boxes of raisins are still trying to get rid of the ones from last year .
Recently , sneaker marketplace GOAT hosted a special pop-up gallery in Culver City , California and launched a multi-discipline celebration of sneaker culture . During one of the event 's Thursday sessions , the iconic Jeff Staple sat down with GOAT co-founder and CPO Daishin Sugano for an insightful , expansive conversation about the streetwear industry he helped move forward .
For an hour 's worth of conversation , Staple shared his thoughts on brands such as Supreme , Nike and Louis Vuitton . Most notably , Staple spoke on how some of streetwear 's biggest brands relate to the bigger picture of global commerce . “ Louis Vuitton collaborated with Supreme , and Supreme was valued at 1 billion dollars . Those are pretty renaissance 2.0 type sh * t do n't you think ? ” Staple tells Sugano . “ Those two things , honestly , mean so much more than what people can realize right now . The LV collaboration now opened up street culture to a whole different set of eyeballs that never gave us the time of day before . It 's as historic as when MTV started playing hip hop videos . One day you 're a fad that 's going to die , and the next day there 's category for you in the music awards . That 's the level of breaking point — the fact that LV did that , and the cherry on top , which is The Carlyle Group 's investment in Supreme . And now Supreme is valued at a billion dollars . That 's like , tech money , that 's Amazon money . ”
As Staple explains , The Carlyle Group 's latest interest in Supreme could potentially signal an entirely new era for the business and creative sides of streetwear . “ So that now opens it up to another whole ball of wax — what does that do ? What that means now , is if you 're a 16 year old kid , and you 're hand silk-screening T shirts in your mom 's basement ? ” Staple says . “ You can get like , private equity funding now , because of this Supreme deal . Because now there are going to be investors asking ‘ What 's going to be the next Supreme ? ' ”
According to Staple , the Louis Vuitton and Supreme collaboration also opened up the next stage in his industry 's evolution . “ People think that the LV Supreme collab is the end of it , like this is the culmination of where this culture could have gone . For me , this is the reset button . This is a whole new ballgame for the next two , three decades . ”
In recent months , Staple has stayed busy : from collaborating with PUMA to the Nike Dunk SB “ Black Pigeon , ” he 's ensured his name has stayed relevant and in the spotlight .
From RationalWiki
Jean Meslier ( 1664 – 1729 ) , was a Roman Catholic priest who was discovered , upon his death , to have written a book-length philosophical essay promoting atheism . Described by the author as his `` testament '' to his parishioners , the text denounces all religion , and argues the superiority of atheist morality .
Life [ edit ]
Jean Meslier was born January 15 , 1664 , in Mazerny in the Ardennes . He began learning Latin from a neighborhood priest in 1678 and eventually joined the seminary . He later claimed , in the Author 's Preface to his Testament , that this was done to please his parents . At the end of his studies , he took Holy Orders and , on January 7 , 1689 , became priest at Étrépigny , in Champagne . One public disagreement with a local nobleman aside , Meslier was to all appearances generally unremarkable , and he performed his office without complaint or problem for 40 years .
When Meslier died , there were found in his house three copies of a 633-page octavo manuscript in which the village curate denounces religion as `` but a castle in the air '' , and theology as `` but ignorance of natural causes reduced to a system '' .
Thought [ edit ]
In his Testament , Meslier repudiated not only the God of conventional Christianity , but even the generic God of the natural religion of the deists . [ 1 ] For Meslier , the existence of evil was incompatible with the idea of a good and wise God . [ 2 ] Religions , to him , were fabrications fostered by ruling elites . Although the earliest Christians had been exemplary in sharing their goods , Christianity had long since degenerated into encouraging the acceptance of suffering and submission to tyranny ( as practiced by the kings of France ) and injustice was explained away as being the will of an all-wise Being . [ 3 ] None of the arguments used by Meslier against the existence of God were original . In fact , he derived them from books written by orthodox theologians in the debate between the Jesuits , Cartesians , and Jansenists : their inability to agree on a proof for God 's existence was taken by Meslier as a good reason not to presume that there was compelling grounds for belief in God . [ 1 ]
A materialist , Meslier denies the existence of the soul-he also dismisses the notion of free will . In Chapter V , the priest writes , `` If God is incomprehensible to man , it would seem rational never to think of Him at all '' . Meslier does think of him , however , for several hundred pages more , in which he calls God `` a chimera '' and argues that the supposition of God is not prerequisite to morality . In fact , he concludes that `` [ w ] hether there exists a God or not [ ... ] men 's moral duties will always be the same so long as they possess their own nature '' .
In his most famous quote , Meslier refers to a man who said : [ 4 ]
“ ” He said he wished that all the great men in the world and all the nobility could be hanged , and strangled in the guts of priests .
Original in French : Il souhaitait que tous les grands de la Terre et que tous les nobles fussent pendus et étranglés avec les boyaux des prêtres He said he wished that all the great men in the world and all the nobility could be hanged , and strangled in the guts of priests .
Equally common is the version quoted by Diderot : `` And [ with ] the guts of the last priest let 's strangle the neck of the last king '' . [ 5 ]
Voltaire often mentions Meslier in his correspondence , calling the atheist `` a good priest '' , telling his daughter to `` read and read again '' Meslier 's only work , and saying that `` every honest man should have Meslier 's Testament in his pocket . '' However , he described Meslier as writing `` in the style of a carriage-horse '' . Various edited abstracts of the Testament were printed , condensing the multi-volume original manuscript and sometimes adding material not written by Meslier . Abstracts were popular because Meslier 's Testament is very long , and it is not written in a style easily understood by the uneducated ; it is also too relaxed to serve as propaganda , as the author was convinced that reason and common sense — certainly not violence — were the solutions to fraudulent religion . Voltaire published his own version in expurgated form as Extraits des sentiments de Jean Meslier ( 1762 ) . [ 2 ] Voltaire 's edition changed the thrust of Meslier 's arguments so that he appeared to be a deist — like Voltaire — rather than an atheist . The Testament of Meslier has never been published in English translation before 2009 , when Prometheus Books re-issued it in English .
Another book , Good Sense [ 6 ] published anonymously in 1772 , was long attributed to Meslier , but was in fact written by Baron d'Holbach . [ 7 ]
Praise from Michel Onfray [ edit ]
In his book `` In Defense Of Atheism '' contemporary atheist philosopher Michel Onfray describes Meslier as the first person to write in support of atheism :
For the first time ( but how long with it take us to acknowledge this ? ) in the history of ideas , a philosopher had dedicated a whole book to the question of atheism . He professed it , demonstrated it , arguing and quoting , sharing his reading and his reflections , and seeking confirmation from his own observations of the everyday world . His title sets it out clearly : Memoir of the Thoughts and Feelings of Jean Meslier ; and so does his subtitle : Clear and Evident Demonstrations of the Vanity and Falsity of All the Religions of the World . The book appeared in 1729 , after his death . Meslier had spent the greater part of his life working on it . The history of true atheism had begun . [ 8 ]
Prior to announcing Meslier as the first atheist philosopher , Onfray considers and dismisses Cristovao Ferriera , a Portuguese and former Jesuit who renounced his faith under Japanese torture in 1614 and went on to write a book entitled The Deception Revealed . However , Onfray decides that Ferriera was not such a good candidate as Meslier , since Ferriera converted to Zen Buddhism .
Of course , this utterly ignores many ancient forms of atheism , such as those that existed in India . Onfray completely forgot , for example , Arab philosopher Al-Rawandi [ 9 ] ( 827–911 CE ) , who apostatized from Islam and became a critic of religion . Moreover , there were atheists in Greece and Rome before Christianity , though this has largely been ignored or overlooked until recently . [ 10 ]
See also [ edit ]
Le bon sens du curé J. Meslier , suivi de son testament published 1830 includes correspondence of Voltaire on Meslier 's testament , a biography of Meslier by Voltaire , Le bon sens , by d'Holbach , and the Testament edited by Voltaire .
, by d'Holbach , and the edited by Voltaire . Jean Meslier and `` The Gentle Inclination of Nature '' Michel Onfray translated by Marvin Mandell
References [ edit ]
The US economy added 257,000 jobs in January , beating expectations of 230,000 jobs and giving the market renewed confidence in the health of the nation 's economy .
The Labor Department also revised jobs data from for November and December to show 147,000 more jobs were created than previously estimated . The revised figures for November show 423,000 jobs were created – the most since May 2010 .
“ With today 's strong employment report , we have now seen eleven straight months of job gains above 200,000 – the first time that has happened in nearly two decades , ” wrote Jason Furman , chairman of the White House 's council of economic advisers .
The private sector has now added 11.8m jobs over 59 straight months of job growth , extending the longest streak on record .
“ We keep trying to tell everyone that the US economy is enjoying a period of unusual strength ; maybe now people will believe us , ” said Paul Ashworth , chief US economist at thinktank Capital Economics . “ The economy is doing so well that it has created more than 1 million additional jobs in the last three months alone . That 's the strongest pace of job growth we 've seen since 1997 . ”
January 's increase was the biggest since November 2008 , and the 11th straight month that more than 200,000 new jobs were created – the longest consecutive streak since 1994 .
Despite the increase in new jobs , the unemployment rate increased slightly from 5.6 % to 5.7 % .
Wages also increased , with average hourly earnings for all employees on private nonfarm payrolls up 12 cents to $ 24.75 , following a decrease of 5 cents in December . Over the last 12 month average wages have increased by 2.2 % , up from a previous estimate of 1.9 % .
David Lamb , senior dealer at the foreign exchange specialists Fexco , said : “ Seldom do economists get everything they want . Yet today might just be one of those days .
“ America 's straight-A jobs report sent the markets and the dollar soaring – with the Greenback spiking 1 % against the euro within minutes . With wages rising and the rate of job creation kicking into overdrive , even the most bearish will struggle to find fault with this latest snapshot of the US economy . ”
This strong jobs report raises the probability that the US Federal Reserve may start to raise interest rates , which have been kept near zero since 2008 .
“ [ The ] very strong labour market report has put a June rate hike by the Fed back into the picture after a month of rather disappointing data , ” Rob Carnell , chief international economist at ING , said . “ With wages turning higher , the Fed can justify ignoring the plummeting headline inflation rate , and instead , focus more on core inflation and wages . A little bit of more positive activity data would also help the Fed hawks .
“ About the only fly in the ointment in this release was the unemployment rate , and even this is really evidence more of the huge surge in the labour force [ up by more than 1m ] ... Such a rise is probably statistical noise , but it could also be evidence of greater optimism about the chances of gaining work , and a return to the labour market by marginally inactive people . ”
Ashworth added : “ Employment growth is clearly on fire and It 's beginning to put upward pressure on wage growth . The Fed ca n't wait much longer in that environment , particularly not when interest rates are starting at near-zero . ”
national
A 43-year-old businessman was arrested by airport police for allegedly watching pornography . The man was caught in the act by an air hostess and her woman supervisor
A 43-year-old businessman was arrested by airport police for allegedly watching pornography . The man was caught in the act by an air hostess and her woman supervisor , who immediately complained to the airport police , which led to his arrest .
Also read - BMC officer watching porn during meeting suspended : Bhopal Mayor
According to a report by Hindustan Times , the incident occurred on an Indigo flight from Kolkata to Mumbai on Saturday morning .
An FIR has been lodged against the man under section 354 A ( 3 ) ( showing pornography against the will of a woman ) , 294 ( obscene act in public place ) and 201 ( Causing disappearance of evidence ) of the IPC .
He has also been charged of evidence tampering , since he deleted all the obscene clips from his mobile phone before his formal arrest . He was arrested and produced before a magistrate court that sent him to judicial custody . His phone has been seized and sent by cops to FSL to retrieve the videos .
Also read : Assembly porn row MLA panel grills media
The 26-year-old air hostess , who had lodged the complaint had caught the man viewing pornographic clips on his phone on two occasions . Both times he had the phone screen turned towards her , which made her think that he was showing her the videos on purpose . She informed her supervisor , who accompanied her to his seat and saw him viewing the clips . The supervisor then alerted the pilot , who in turn alerted the airport police , who detained him .
Less than two days after Hillary Clinton 's election loss , mainstream media outlets were already spreading rumors about the Clintons ' re-emergence into politics .
The New York Post , New York Magazine , The Hill and other media outlets propagated a rumor that Chelsea Clinton was being groomed for a congressional run . Rumors circulated that Hillary Clinton was planning to run for president in 2020 or was considering a bid to run for mayor of New York City . Furthermore , mainstream media outlets transmogrified Hillary and Chelsea Clinton 's tweets into reporting that portrayed each as spokespersons for the Democratic Party 's resistance against Trump . Recent rumors suggest Chelsea Clinton will make her political ascendance through the same route Hillary Clinton did—by running for the U.S. Senate in New York .
Chelsea Clinton recently responded to the rumors about her entry into politics by claiming she wo n't run for Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand 's Senate seat if Gillibrand runs for President in 2020 . However , she might not have to run for the seat to get it .
After serving two years as a Congresswoman , in January 2009 , Gillibrand was appointed to Hillary Clinton 's vacant Senate seat by the New York Governor at the time , David Patterson . Gillibrand easily won a special election for the seat in November 2010 . Given that Gillibrand owes her success in part to the Clintons , she could return the favor by pushing for Chelsea Clinton to take her vacant senate seat if she were to win the presidency . If Chelsea Clinton pursues a seat in Congress and wins that election , the power-hungry Clinton political machine would continue .
The mainstream media , who strongly advocated for Hillary Clinton 's candidacy , are now serving as complicit accomplices in revitalizing the Clinton brand . CNN published an article on February 8 entitled , “ Chelsea Clinton Embraces Her Twitter Sass. ” Politico ran an article on February 12 claiming that Hillary Clinton is making the necessary preparations to run for President in 2020 . As evidence , the article cited Clinton 's recent book deal , her return to the speech making circuit , and a flurry of self-serving rumors . The article also pointed out that , in 2020 , Hillary will have the added benefit of running as an underdog rather than an entitled heir to Obama 's presidency .
The Politico author failed to mention mainstream media 's willingness to serve as publicists for the Clintons . Every time Hillary Clinton tweets , journalists portray the Clintons as the leading opposition . Every news story about outrage at Trump ‘ s administration provides the Clintons with an opportunity for publicity , and the mainstream media has been more than willing to give it to them .
Continuing to ingratiate themselves with the Clintons is a doomed political strategy for the Democratic Party . The Clintons ' record of corruption provides a great marketing strategy for Republicans to capitalize upon to use against the Democratic Party and keeping the Clintons in the public spotlight permits these attacks to continue . Democrats are struggling to reconnect with working , middle class , and low income voters , and the Clintons make overcoming this disconnect more difficult .
Mihintalaya
Mihintale is regarded as cradle of Buddhist civilization in sir Lanka . Buddhism is introduced Sri Lanka on the third century B.C . King Asoka the great Indian Emperor Asoka he become a Buddhist send several missionaries abroad . Ven . Mahinda who is Emperor Asok 's own son brought Buddhism to Sri Lanka . It was here the Mihintale that apostle Mahinda first met the Sri Lankan king Devanam Piyathissa on the full moon day in the month of June in 300 B.C and officially introduce Buddhism to Sri Lanka . Mahinda Has tested king 's capacity for instruction . Pointing to a tree closed by ven.Mahinda ask the king for its name . The King replied that it was a mango tree . Are there any other mango trees besides this one asked Mahinda . There are many other mango trees replied the king and ask there are any other mango trees besides this mango tree . There are many other mango trees replied the king . Besides the other mango trees and those trees are not mangoes are there any other trees . Yes , replied the king . There is this mango tree . So mahinda had a clear idea about the king
The king build 68 rock caves in MIhintale for mahinda and his retinue . A stairway of 1840 steps of granite slabs leading to the summit was built . During the poson season that is the full moon in June thousands of lay devotees are make a sent Mihintale to pay their respect to Ven . Mahinda whose relics are enshrined in the stupa . During the poson Mihintale Stupa is very well lit and illuminate with thousands of lights .
About : Hey everyone ! My name is Brian and thanks for checking my Instructables . I 'm a software developer by trade but I 've recently gotten into Arduino development after discovering the esp8266 chip , a WiFi enab ...
Hey Everyone ,
This is a instructable for a social media stats counter , that fetches and displays data from Facebook , Twitter , YouTube and Instructables . I 've seen commercial solutions for this cost over $ 400 , but the total cost of this project was less $ 20 .
These days there are APIs for everything ! With this project I wanted to show how the ESP8266 can be used to integrate with these APIs .
There are 4 arduino libraries that I have written used in this project that integrates with the APIs . The YouTube one you might have seen before ( bekathwia uses for a really cool project ) , but I wrote 3 new APIs just for this project : one for Twitter , Facebook and one for Instructables . These APIs allow you to connect to the various services and fetch data from them , directly from the ESP8266 . Each of these libraries can be used individually if you have a project where you want to fetch the data from just one of these endpoints .
To be honest I wanted to add more to this project before submitting , such as Instagram and Twitch but I just ran out of time as I wanted to submit for the microcontroller competition . The project could easily be extended in the future though .
Hopefully you find the project interesting and please let me know if you have questions .
So lets get started !
Phone number launched as tool for women being pestered by over-insistent men closes after intimidation and death threats
Internet trolls carrying out an orchestrated campaign of intimidation and death threats have forced the shutdown of a French telephone hotline aimed at shaming men who refuse to take no for an answer .
The anti-harassment phone number was launched on Friday afternoon as a tool for women being pestered by over-insistent males .
Scotland Yard ‘ told of Harvey Weinstein sexual misconduct in the 1990s ' Read more
Victims were advised to give a mobile phone number to men whose behaviour was inappropriately persistent .
When the men contacted the number they received an SMS message reading : “ Hello ! If you 're reading this message it 's because you have made a woman uncomfortable … It 's not complicated : if a woman says ‘ no ' do n't insist . Learn to respect women 's freedom and their decisions . Thank you . ”
The “ anti-relou ” ( anti-pest ) number , coming in the wake of the # MeToo social network campaign sparked by the Harvey Weinstein scandal , was inundated in the 48 hours after its launch as the telephone number spread on social networks . In three days , the number received 26,000 messages , with each reply costing 16 centimes .
At the weekend , Clara Gonzales and Elliot Lepers temporarily suspended the campaign as the bill for SMS charges passed €600 ( £527 ) due to the number of people texting the number , with only some of them genuine victims of sexual harassment . The pair launched a crowdfunding campaign to pay the growing bill .
The hotline was shut down definitively on Tuesday , after the concerted trolling campaign saw 20,000 hate messages , including death threats , sent on Monday afternoon .
“ At first we thought there was a technical problem , then we realised we had suffered a spamming attack , ” Gonzales told the Guardian . “ The aim was clearly to try to run up such a large bill that we 'd be financially ruined and have to stop the service .
“ Since then we 've suffered a strategy of intimidation , hatred , harassment , insults and messages containing death threats . We discovered our names and address are circulating [ on the internet ] and have had dozens of food delivery orders made in our names , so it 's clear they know where we live . ”
She added there had been a coordinated campaign of intimidation against her and Lepers on social media , including Twitter and the video games site jeuxvideo.com . None had sought to block the culprits , she said .
Hollywood actors speak of 'rampant ' problem of male abusers targeting men Read more
“ As feminist militants we 're not shocked . We know all about the subject of violence against women so we expected a backlash . It 's more disappointing and annoying , ” Gonzales said .
Lepers said they had been approached by lawyers and were compiling a file for possible legal action against those responsible for the hate campaign against them .
“ We have been able to identify several of them and we 're concentrating on getting the proof together , ” Lepers said . “ Then we 'll look at setting up a new telephone number and service . ”
In a statement on Twitter , the pair added : “ We will try to reactivate a similar service as soon as possible . ”
Gonzales and Lepers were inspired to set up a French version of the “ Rejection Hotline ” after hearing about a similar initiative set up by the American feminist website the Mary Sue , which suggested it as an option when dealing with “ men who wo n't respect their wishes or space ” .
ATLANTA -- Chicago Bulls rookie Joakim Noah was benched for
Sunday 's 105-84 loss to the Atlanta Hawks -- by his teammates .
They delivered a unanimous vote after the rookie from Florida
was involved in a confrontation with assistant coach Ron Adams in
practice before Friday 's game at Philadelphia .
Noah was inactive for the Philadelphia game for internal
disciplinary reasons , but the players told interim coach Jim Boylan
one game was not enough .
`` We have a chance to salvage this season and we just need
everybody on the page , '' said Bulls veteran guard Adrian Griffin .
`` It 's one of those things that I believe is going to bring us
closer .
`` Everyone on this team knows what Joakim can do and we just
look forward to getting him back on the court . ''
Noah , who is averaging 4.2 points and 3.1 rebounds in
12.3 minutes , sat behind the Bulls bench , wearing street clothes .
`` They just told me what I did was unacceptable and I 'm just
going to move on from here , '' Noah said before the game . `` I 've just got to accept
it . What do you want me to say ? I 've just got to move on . There 's
nothing I can do about it . ''
When asked if he believes the two-game suspension is too severe ,
Noah said `` Ask the players who made the decision . I do n't know .
... Do I agree with it ? It does n't make a difference . I respect my
teammates . ''
Boylan , promoted to head coach on Dec. 27 after Scott Skiles was
fired , said the suspension resulted from more than one incident .
Boylan called Noah `` a great kid , '' but noted he 's been
involved in `` a couple of situations where he 's been late or not
doing what the Chicago Bulls do . So the cumulative aspect of this
is definitely part of the reasoning for the players doing what they
did . ''
`` This is n't college anymore , '' Boylan said . `` It 's the NBA .
This is professional sports . ''
He said the team felt Noah needed to sit another game .
`` They felt it deserved more , '' Boylan said . `` It was the entire
team that felt that way , so I back my team and the decision that
they made , and appreciate the leadership that they 've shown . ''
Atlanta rookie Al Horford , who played with Noah at Florida ,
called the ninth pick in the draft `` very emotional '' and `` very
competitive . ''
`` I just feel it 's a learning experience for everyone in
general , '' Horford said . `` If you cross a line in something like
that , there are consequences to it . ... He wants to win really bad . I
think people will figure him out as time goes on . ''
Animal control officials say a dog that is suspected of killing seven goats earlier this week will be euthanized .
Michelle Whaley , Pitt County Animal Services director , says the Chow-mix is still under quarantine to see if she exhibits any signs of rabies .
A total of 13 goats were attacked on Tuesday , all part of a 4-H summer goat camp for children . That camp at the county fairgrounds has been cancelled .
The dog , with its five puppies , were discovered Monday afternoon near the fairgrounds .
While there no direct evidence the dog did in fact attack the goats , her owner surrendered the dog .
Whaley says the owner told them the dog had attacked and killed chickens and cats in the past .
The dog will be put down after the four week old puppies are weened .
Previous Story
A dog that is suspected of killing seven goats at the Pitt County Fairgrounds is now under quarantine .
A total of 13 goats were attacked , all part of a 4-H summer goat camp for children . That camp has been cancelled .
Danielle Henderson with 4-H says seven goats were killed , and another four were injured . She says two more goats from another farm were also hurt , but they will survive .
The goats were kept behind two chain link fences , with barbed-wire on the top . The animals were in wooden pens and they believe the dog dug under a part of the chain link fencing to get to them .
Henderson says a large black dog , possibly a Chow-mix , is believed to have attacked the goats . Animal control officers this afternoon found a dog fitting the description and are now holding it for ten days .
That dog has five puppies , which are with their mother at the animal shelter .
The goat camp is for children between the ages of six and ten years old . A 4-H flier says the camp teaches youngsters how to care for goats and proper showing techniques for competition .
Sixty-one children were enrolled in the camp and parents can either get a refund or attend a different camp next month .
Henderson says she will not return to the fairgrounds to house animals , feeling the area is not secure .
IF THE gravest threat to democracy is indifference , have some faith in Donald Trump 's America . For the president is not just good at rallying throngs of his own supporters . He is also firing up his critics in a way that offers some echoes of the Tea Party movement that sprang up to oppose Barack Obama in 2009 .
Consider the long lines of constituents wrapped around a high school in Virginia Beach on February 20th , sacrificing their time on a public holiday to meet their Republican congressman , Scott Taylor . Undistracted by a mild , golden-hued evening worthy of early summer , almost 1,000 locals waited in line for seats . A minority were conservatives , wearing the Make America Great Again hats that signal Trump-allegiance or carrying signs demanding that Mr Taylor—a 37-year-old former Navy SEAL commando , elected to Congress for the first time last year—should vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) , also known as Obamacare . A larger number carried home-made signs that spoke of “ resistance ” to Mr Trump or demanded that Mr Taylor “ Choose our Country over your Party ! ” Some were old hands at activism , alerted to attend by the local Democratic Party or by Indivisible , an anti-Trump group with chapters nationwide . Others used the Town Hall Project , a new volunteer-run database that logs opportunities to meet elected politicians—after rowdy meetings in places including Utah and California , some skittish members of Congress declined to hold public events in the recess that began on January 17th , or held virtual “ tele-townhalls ” instead .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
As was the case with many Tea Party groups eight years ago , the crowd at Kempsville High School was older , whiter and more affluent than the national average . A forensic scientist queuing to see Mr Taylor held a placard opposing a wall on the Mexican border with the ( tongue-in-cheek ) slogan : “ How Will We Get Avocados ? ” As in 2009 , some concerned citizens noted that this was their first time at a political meeting , and expressed fears that a tyrannical president is about to wreck the country .
Back in Mr Obama 's first term , Tea Party types fretted that government-run health care amounted to European-style socialism . Some muttered that the first black president might be a secret Muslim . In 2017 Trump-sceptic citizens in Virginia Beach voiced four broad worries . First , they questioned Republican promises to repeal and replace Obamacare as soon as possible , expressing special concern for people with pre-existing medical conditions , who have a right to buy insurance cover under the ACA , while paying not much more than healthy folk . A local man with a serious illness told Mr Taylor : “ Without the ACA I would n't be alive. ” Second , they wanted their new congressman to back an independent investigation into Russian meddling in the presidential election , and to demand that Mr Trump release his tax returns . Third , as residents of a coastal district , they sought assurances that Mr Taylor takes climate change and the threat of rising sea levels seriously—unlike Mr Trump , who stood accused of being anti-science . Finally , a striking number of the 700 people filling the auditorium ( a further 200 waited outside ) queried the cost of providing Secret Service protection each time Mr Trump spends the weekend at his Florida estate , or for the president 's grown sons when they go on business trips , for instance to open a golf club in Dubai—a “ disgusting ” expense , one constituent said .
As in 2009 , forceful complaints have an impact on politicians . Mr Taylor is a fairly conventional small-government Republican who won his heavily military district by 23 percentage points . But the president won the district by only three points—in part , thinks Mr Taylor , because Candidate Trump dismayed locals by lashing out at the parents of a Muslim-American soldier killed in Afghanistan , after they rebuked him for anti-Islamic bigotry . Mr Taylor stressed moments where he has bucked his party , for instance in voting for gay rights . He emphasised his co-sponsorship of a bill to ensure that those with pre-existing conditions must be offered insurance ( though his bill does not say how to make such cover affordable ) . He backed a bipartisan Senate probe into Russian election-meddling and called on Mr Trump to release his tax returns . He said he disagrees with Stephen Bannon , the president 's chief political aide , having a principal 's seat on the National Security Council . He condemned talk of Muslim travel bans as “ unconstitutional ” , though he defended Mr Trump 's right to order extra vetting for arrivals from terror-prone countries . He fudged the question of whether humans are to blame for climate change .
Herbal tea
There are also differences from 2009 . In their heyday , Tea Party activists ringingly promised to take their country back , certain that America is a majority-conservative country . Jump eight years , and—at least in Republican-leaning Virginia Beach—demonstrators sounded more anxious , even defensive . They talked of preserving as much of Obamacare as they could , and of stiffening their congressman 's spine to serve as a check on Mr Trump . Aware that the president has called critics “ paid protesters ” and “ so-called angry crowds ” , they brought voting cards showing their local addresses and wore stickers bearing their postal zip codes . “ We were n't bused in , ” a woman assured Lexington .
Those precautions reflect an alarming change since 2009 : a collapse in belief that there is a single , shared version of the truth . Too often , today 's political opponents do not just disagree , they express disbelief . “ There 's room for nuance , ” Mr Taylor pleaded at one point , defending his view that environmental regulations are necessary but can go too far . A woman silently held up a sign reading “ Not True ” . A bloc of Trump voters , who had taken the president 's description of the press as “ the enemy ” to heart , yelled “ Bullshit ! ” or “ Fake news ! ” when he was criticised . A dismayingly plausible scenario involves Mr Trump 's election tearing the country further apart . Still , the deadliest foe of democracy is sullen , despairing apathy . Celebrate dissent .
A 38 North exclusive by Frank Pabian , Joseph S. Bermudez Jr. , and Jack Liu .
Commercial satellite imagery of the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site from May 18 , 2017 , shows a relatively low level of activity around the North Portal , where test preparations have been observed this year . However , at the Main Administrative Area , new equipment/material deliveries are observed and possible building construction has started where a small support building was razed late last year . While the site appears to continue in stand-by mode , a sixth nuclear test could still be conducted at any time with minimal advance warning .
North Portal
Satellite imagery from May 18 shows only minor activity at the North Portal . There was at least one probable rail cart on the track going out to the spoil pile , but no evidence of recent dumping of excavated material , indicating there has been no new tunneling activity . The view angle and resolution of the image , combined with the springtime vegetation growth , make observation of the tunnel entrance itself difficult . However , there does appear to be less water in the drainage ditch leading from the tunnel compared to earlier this month .
Figure 1 . Minimal activity at the North Portal .
Figure 2 . No evidence of recent dumping on the North Portal spoil pile .
Other Areas
In the Main Administrative Area ( the main test support area ) , at least three personnel were present in the upper courtyard ; a probable tarp or tent ( ~4 m x 10 m ) , covering equipment/material or supplies for an unknown purpose , is in the lower courtyard near where a dark-toned vehicle was observed on May 3 . There was also another light-toned piece of equipment/material noted near the greenhouse .
Some plantings appear to have started growing within that greenhouse as evidenced by mottling green and reddish patterns seen through the glass roof .
There is new construction activity just south of the Main Administrative Area in an area where a small ( ~5 m x 14 m ) support building had been razed by November 2016 . Additionally , at least two probable blue sheds or shipping containers were newly placed near that construction area , just east of a larger support building .
A small light-toned , box-shaped object/vehicle was in the road within a separately secured area southwest of the Main Administrative Area , near the South Portal . That area had apparently previously served as a security forces training area ( which included an obstacle training course ) . However , since being separately secured , that area now seems to serve a different , as yet unknown function .
No new activity is discernible at either the South or West Portals or the Command Center and there are no vehicles or personnel in these areas . There were also no vehicles observed on the road between the Portals Area and the Command Center , but it should also be noted that large portions of that road are now obscured with vegetative cover .
Figure 3 . Personnel and new equipment/supplies observed in the Main Administrative Area ; new construction and activity just south of the support area .
Figure 4 . Close-up of new construction activity .
Figure 5 . Area of new construction relative to the South Portal .
Implications
Given the unusually high level of activity observed earlier this year with no subsequent testing , and no significant new activity at the North Portal , a nuclear test has most likely been postponed and the facility remains in stand-by mode . However , other more innocuous activities ( likely part of ongoing maintenance and repairs ) are continuing within and near the Main Administrative Area . As long as the site continues in what likely is stand-by status , a sixth nuclear test could be conducted at any time with minimal advance warning .
Behind every effective agile product roadmap is a well-thought out plan . As true ( and cheesy ) as that statement is , it 's also a bit of a weird statement since a product roadmap is meant to be a ( flexible and transparent ) plan that aligns stakeholders across your organization .
So what we 're saying is you need to plan for your roadmap plan . A truly effective agile roadmap ( i.e . plan ) is one that people will have confidence executing . And without proper thought put into that roadmap plan , you 'll be hard-pressed to find individuals willing to stake their time , money and energy on your product roadmap .
You might be asking : what 's the point in planning for an agile product roadmap when it will ultimately change ? You 're not wrong — your roadmap should be a statement of intent that you update frequently . But you should be updating your agile roadmap to reflect changes brought on by your agile environment , organization and market — NOT because you poorly planned your roadmap . Prep work for your agile product roadmap can prevent unnecessary changes and even complete overhauls of your plan .
For all the PMs we 've spoken to , putting together a roadmap plan is a key step in their workflow — particularly in agile . So before you open up your roadmapping tool ( or app or whiteboard or spreadsheet ... shudder ) to create your agile roadmap , here are five steps you should take for effective agile product roadmap planning .
Real-world ways to build agile roadmaps . Get the helpful , non-boring guide . Download it here .
Step 1 : Set the goals for your agile product roadmap plan
Your agile roadmap communicates with and aligns stakeholders , but what are you addressing ? Even if you have a list of impressive features to release , the big picture must be considered . Your objective might be achieving product-market fit , or launching “ sticky ” features . Whatever the goal , your roadmap should convey the plan for achieving your high-level strategy .
Without established objectives , expect stakeholders to walk away from your roadmap with different priorities ( the TOTAL opposite of what you want ) . Your roadmap should always tie directly back to your primary goals so that stakeholders are clear about your product strategy .
Ask yourself if the document speaks to your company and product vision
Bonus question : If you want to get reallyyy specific , also ask yourself what key performance indicators you want to focus on . Planning your main KPIs will allow you to create a roadmap that explains how you 'll hit those targets .
Step 2 : Evaluate your resources for the roadmap plan
If you have ten developers , but two are on vacation and one is shared by marketing , how much can you ship in your next sprint ? The answer : probably not as much as you could with a fully available team of ten developers . Planning for your agile roadmap should address your available resources and their constraints .
Another thing to plan against : the speed at which resources operate . You 're going to get pushback on how fast ( or slow ) your team is delivering on your plan—even in agile . Plan a cycle length that works best for your team — especially if you 're representing time on your roadmap .
Determining your team 's speed will let you develop a plan grounded in reality .
Step 3 : Check-in with your users
It boggles our minds when organizations build roadmaps based solely on quantitative market data . User needs to go much deeper than statistical research . Speaking first-hand to customers during your planning provides insights into disregarded investments . Before committing to anything on your roadmap , it makes sense to understand if your users , you know , actually want these things .
Additionally , user research makes a really , really strong case when getting buy-in .
User research shows stakeholders that your agile roadmap is n't just a random , aimless plan you pulled out of thin air , but one developed from authentic user needs .
It 's pretty hard to refute real user needs .
No matter your agile style , check out our free agile roadmap template and make it your own .
Step 4 : Determine your agile product roadmap plan 's building blocks
Next up : establish your major themes , and the features that fall under each of them . Then break it down into epics and user stories . From there develop high-confidence estimates on your features , epics and stories , and identify any dependencies that could hold you back .
Hack away until you have all the building blocks you need before assembling your roadmap .
If this seems like a lot of work before creating an agile roadmap , we say : planning for these elements will prepare you to address ( and defend ) your choices when changes do pop up . And if changes are needed , you can speak to impacts and trade-offs that must be made .
Step 5 : Hold planning sessions
This step is n't so much isolated , but more ongoing and works in conjunction with the previous steps . Make agile roadmap planning a team effort by putting your whole product team in one room . This is your opportunity to really understand together your use cases , discovery work and objectives before making any roadmap investments .
Think of it as a way to get buy-in for the plan for your plan ( again—strange , we know ) .
Early buy-in during your planning stage will be beneficial when getting official buy-in and public affirmations from your stakeholders .
Want to see real-world examples of well thought-out agile product roadmaps ? Check out our ebook ( and also get a handy checklist to add structure to your planning process ) .
We 've got even more agile content for you . Get the real-world guide to agile roadmaps here .
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The first transgender woman in football 's Premier League has been `` totally accepted '' by players and fans after decades of feeling trapped in the wrong body .
Sophie Cook , 48 , feared a backlash as she started a new season as herself - after finishing the last season as Steve .
As well as taking female hormones , the 48-year-old lost five stone and got hair extensions .
Ms Cook , a Premier League football photographer for AFC Bournemouth , had known she was a woman since she was a child .
With Bournemouth club manager Eddie Howe and chairman Jeff Mostyn , Ms Cook broke the news to her team .
The last time she had seen the players was at the parade to celebrate promotion the previous season .
( Image : Solent News & Photo Agency )
She said : `` Living with the burden any longer would have killed me , so it was time to be true to myself . I could n't keep living in the shadows .
`` I had to tell the guys .
`` I was living in Brighton and had hair extensions . It was n't as if I could go back to Bournemouth , take my wig off and pretend I was still Steve . I was Sophie .
`` The assistant manager called the players together and said : 'You 'll probably notice our photographer has changed a little from last season , lost a bit of weight , and grown her hair out a bit . I 'd like you all to meet Sophie . '
`` I had no idea how they would react but suddenly the captain started clapping and the rest of the boys joined in .
( Image : Plumb Images )
`` I have n't looked back . It feels amazing . ''
Ms Cook , who has been a photographer with Bournemouth since 2012 , was working at an away game in Leeds in January last year when `` a switch suddenly went '' and she realised she could no longer live as a man .
She began questioning her identity when she was a young child and said she insisted children call her Jenny on a family holiday when she was just seven .
( Image : Solent News & Photo Agency )
( Image : Solent News & Photo Agency )
As a teen , 5ft 11in Ms Cook recalls trying on her mum 's tight-fitting Olivia Newton-John Spandex trousers in private but never understood her feelings .
Ms Cook began her transition in June this year .
She told her three children she was transgender before going to her GP for a referral to a specialist gender identity clinic in London .
She then began taking female hormones , lost five stone in four months , and got hair extensions .
Ms Cook , whose original weight was 23st , now weighs 17st after taking up running , including half marathons and starting an Aloe Vera based diet .
NHS guidelines state a transexual must spend two years as a female before they are permitted to undergo corrective surgery .
She said : `` It was just a switch that suddenly went . I realised why I hated myself so much and I knew I had to end the mental torment .
`` My wife knew I was transgender when I met her but when our son was born disabled and we nearly lost him , I realised we already had enough to deal with and I could n't put my family through it .
( Image : Solent News & Photo Agency )
`` I took Sophie , put her in a box and buried her for 15 years of hell .
`` When I told my wife after the Leeds game , she said she always knew it would come back .
`` She 's a wonderful woman and though we are no longer man and wife , we are best friends . ''
The couple had been married for 10 years and separated this year , though they are still good friends .
The pair planned to tell their 11-year-old daughter and 14-year-old son - now 12 and 15 - during the summer holidays but when news of Caitlyn Jenner 's transition broke , they took their chance .
Ms Cook said : `` I said to them : 'You know how when you were growing up and how you knew in your heads you were either a boy or a girl ? It 's not been like that for me . I always thought I was a girl and I had to hide it which made me very , very sad . '
`` I said from now on I was going to start being a woman but that would n't change how much I loved them .
`` They were brilliant .
( Image : Solent News & Photo Agency )
`` The first time my son met Sophie he said outright : 'You look weird ' and one time told the next door neighbours : 'My daddy is a lady ' .
`` All my daughter wants to do is go make up shopping together and she even said to me once after I posted a poem on Facebook to thank Steve for his strength over the years : 'You 're my hero . Steve was great but Sophie is better ' .
`` Every day I thought about suicide . It was a horrible , lonely , painful place to be .
`` Now , when I look at old photos of me with the family as Steve , I just look dead , I look like a zombie . ''
Ms Cook followed in her family 's footsteps and joined the RAF at 16 as a jet engine technician for Tornado fighter jets .
Her nickname in the RAF was Cookie after the Cookie Monster and she has since had a tattoo on her arm of the cartoon transformed into rainbow colours with a pair of butterfly wings .
( Image : Solent News & Photo Agency )
Ms Cook , who also photographs rock band The Libertines , said : `` I built up a secret wardrobe of clothes then would feel guilt and shame and throw it all away .
`` I thought I was some weirdo who thought he was a girl and I felt ashamed . My biggest fear was someone would find out .
`` Now I do get some people stop and stare , snigger and point and call me 'sir . '
`` I 've had a group of teenagers shouts out 'that 's a man ' pointing at me .
`` For a transgender woman to walk out on a football pitch on a packed-out match day for a Premier League football club is a massive deal .
`` Some of my friends feared all sorts of chants or abuse shouted at me .
`` It has n't been like that at all though and I 've been totally accepted by the players and fans and I am so grateful to finally just be me . ''
Ms Cook , who now tours the country giving talks about conquering their fears , said : `` I do n't have to hide any more .
`` My life before was like being in Kansas , it was all black and white , and I was totally disconnected and now I 'm in Oz and it 's all technicolour .
`` The most amazing thing is I am so happy I never realised it was possible to be this happy . ''
Ben E. King , a singer and songwriter whose 1961 hit “ Stand by Me ” became an enduring rhythm-and-blues classic and found a new generation of fans through the popular 1986 film of the same title , died April 30 at a hospital near his home in Teaneck , N.J . He was 76 .
His publicist , Phil Brown , confirmed the death , but other details were not immediately available .
Mr. King , who had one of the greatest voices of his time , recorded his first chart-topping hits in the 1950s , when he was a member of the Drifters . He sang the lead vocal on “ There Goes My Baby , ” “ This Magic Moment ” and “ Save the Last Dance for Me , ” the last of which became a No . 1 pop hit for the Drifters in 1959 .
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1988 as a member of the Drifters , but he found at least as much acclaim after he left the group in 1960 . Dropping his original name , Ben Nelson , he embarked on a solo career as Ben E. King and scored a hit in 1961 with the exotic ballad “ Spanish Harlem , ” which begins , “ There is a rose in Spanish Harlem , a red rose up in Spanish Harlem . ”
When Mr. King first heard the Latin-flavored song , written by Phil Spector and Jerry Leiber , “ I thought it sounded really good , ” he told Scotland 's Glasgow Herald in 2012 . “ But I honestly did n't know if I was singing about a flower or a girl . ”
The day he recorded “ Spanish Harlem ” — Oct. 27 , 1960 — Mr. King had extra time in the studio and began to work on a song he had written when he was with the Drifters .
“ I sang what I had to Jerry and Mike ” — Leiber and his songwriting partner , Mike Stoller — and “ they worked up a quick arrangement , and within a matter of minutes we had my next single , ” Mr. King said in 2012 .
“ Stand by Me ” opens with an acoustic bass playing the melody over light percussion accompaniment . Mr. King comes in , singing the song 's wistful opening lines in his solid , slightly grainy baritone voice :
When the night has come
And the land is dark
And t he moons is the only light we 'll see
No , I wo n't be afraid
1 of 83 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Notable deaths of 2015 View Photos A look at those who have died this year . Caption A look at those who have died . From left , Swedish actress Anita Ekberg known for her role in “ La Dolce Vita ” ; Star Trek icon Leonard Nimoy ; Bobbi Kristina Brown , the only child of Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown ; legendary blues guitarist B.B . King ; and football player and “ Monday Night Football ” sportscaster Frank Gifford . From left : Mario Torrisi/AP , CBS via Getty Images , Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP , Astrid Stawiarz/Getty Images , Kathy Willens/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
Oh , I wo n't be afraid
Just as long as you stand , stand by me
In a three-minute song , Mr. King evokes a timeless sense of hope and well-being , describing how the power of friendship or love can overcome everyday fears .
According to the music licensing company BMI , “ Stand by Me ” was the fourth most widely recorded song of the 20th century . It reached the pop charts no fewer than nine times performed by various artists and has been recorded by such diverse performers as John Lennon , Green Day and country singer Mickey Gilley .
“ Stand by Me ” was added this year to the National Recording Registry of the Library of Congress , and Rolling Stone magazine ranked it No . 122 among the 500 greatest songs of all time .
Benjamin Earl Nelson was born Sept. 28 , 1938 , in Henderson , N.C. , and moved with his family to New York when he was 9 .
He worked in his father 's Harlem luncheonette in his teens , began singing in church and in junior high formed his first singing group , the Four B 's , so named because everyone in the group had a name beginning with “ B . ”
He later joined a doo-wop group , the Five Crowns , which performed at a talent show at Harlem 's Apollo Theater in 1958 . About the same time , the Drifters , a vocal ensemble that formed in the early 1950s with the soulful Clyde McPhatter as lead singer , were dissolved by their manager , George Treadwell . Treadwell then hired the Five Crowns to be the new version of the Drifters .
Mr. King recorded only 13 songs with the Drifters , but several became major hits , including “ There Goes My Baby ” ( partly written by Mr. King ) , “ This Magic Moment , ” “ Dance With Me , ” “ Count the Tears ” and especially “ Save the Last Dance for Me , ” which hit No . 1 in 1959 and has been a staple of senior proms ever since .
Critic Ken Emerson , in his book about mid-century pop music , “ Always Magic in the Air , ” wrote that “ This Magic Moment ” and “ Save the Last Dance for Me ” “ were produced and performed with extraordinary elegance and dignity . ”
When Mr. King asked for a greater share of the Drifters ' royalties , he was turned down and then quit the group . The Drifters , under different personnel , later had such hits as “ Up on the Roof , ” “ On Broadway ” and “ Under the Boardwalk . ”
Mr. King never duplicated his early success , but he had a few minor R & B hits in the 1960s and 1970s , including popular disco tune in 1975 , “ Supernatural Thing , Part I. ” He also appeared on a 1977 album , “ Benny & Us , ” with the Average White Band .
He continued performing until his death and in recent years had turned more toward jazz , including a 2010 album , “ Heart & Soul , ” of songs from the Great American Songbook .
Survivors include his wife of more than 50 years , the former Betty Davis of Teaneck ; three children ; his mother ; seven siblings ; and six grandchildren .
A quarter-century after “ Stand by Me ” first reached the Top 10 , Mr. King 's original version of the song climbed back up the Billboard charts in 1986 , when it was featured in Rob Reiner 's coming-of-age film set in the 1960s , based on a Stephen King story and with a cast that included Kiefer Sutherland and River Phoenix .
“ Stand by Me ” spent more weeks on the charts in 1986 than it had in 1961 .
“ I never thought for a minute , ” Mr. King said in 2012 , “ that it would last this long or that I would still be singing it 50 years later . ”
Based on incorrect information from a syndication service , an earlier version of this article included a photograph of a different performer , Jimmy Castor .
It 's Not the Decision That 's Tough , It 's the Aftermath .
Liz Sumner Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 8 , 2016
In my last post I asked what kinds of decisions were the toughest for you to make . Big thanks to those of you who responded to my request . I received very useful feedback .
I thought I was going to help people who found decision-making difficult , with an if-this-then-that kind of tree , or with explanations about urgency vs importance . I quickly discovered that this approach was irrelevant .
Deciding is n't difficult . People know what choice to make . What 's hard is facing the aftermath of the decision . Once they 've made the choice they know is right , what happens ?
Facing the consequences , pulling the trigger , taking the leap– what scary metaphors we have for this action . No wonder we avoid it .
I have a different mental image . One of my favorite childhood memories is of going to the beach with my stepmother , Agnes . She loved to body surf and actually shouted “ Whee ! ” when we 'd bounce up and down with the waves . Now , anyone who has spent any time in the ocean knows that sometimes a huge breaker can tower over you and look terrifying . If it crashes and you 're not prepared you can get tossed about and fear that you 'll drown . Agnes taught me that when that big wave starts to curl over your head you just dive into it and pop out the other side . It crashes behind you and you 're back to bouncing and shouting “ Whee . ”
I think of that when something big and scary is looming . If I just dive into it I 'll come out the other side unscathed .
Here 's my best advice on how to ease the turmoil and get through the emotional whitecaps surrounding the choice .
1 . They wo n't like me afterwards
So you 're faced with a decision where you know you must set tough limits on someone . I struggle with this as well and often avoid confrontation . What helps me is to remind myself of an aphorism that I truly believe– “ What blesses one , blesses all. ” If the tough limits are the right way forward and genuinely will make life better for you in a meaningful way then they will also be good in the long run for the others . It might not be immediate , but sometimes it actually is . The person you 're afraid to tell is actually grateful .
Thinking of the outcome in a larger setting helps me move from the puny , “ what if they do n't like me ” frame of mind to a more courageous “ it 's for the best ” attitude . If this is honestly good for me it will be good for the whole .
2 . I like both choices a lot
When I 'm faced with two good choices and it 's really not clear which way to go I 've used a method where I list all of the positive reasons for both– not the pros and cons , just the reasons for . Then I take a look at what I 've said and see what values they express . I choose the one that better reflects the values to which I aspire .
Here 's an example– I was invited to a fancy gathering full of important celebrities that would have been a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity . The problem was it was 3 hours away in the winter and I 'm not a party person . The idea of staying home and being cozy and lazy was very appealing . I looked at my list of reasons and decided that courage and adventure were more important to me than comfort at that time . In the same situation someone else might choose self care over stargazing . There is n't one right answer . But looking at the underlying values of each choice helps you decide .
3 . If I let it go it 's a personal failing/ ( I do n't really let it go )
Keeping your options open can seem like a good idea ( especially to a Myers-Briggs P ) but unmade decisions can often mean stagnation , missed opportunities , and disappointment . Being uncommitted , a subject I 'll tackle in a future article , suppresses energy that can help you make progress . ( If you do n't know the applicable Goethe quote read it here ) .
When I have trouble letting go of a unchosen option , often the one that is n't necessarily good for me , I think about parallel universes . Somewhere there 's a world where I ran off with that handsome stranger , or joined the campaign when it left for another state , where I said yes instead of no .
I do n't have to say I never got to be that person because in my imagination there 's a version of me that is . With parallel universes you get to have your cake and eat it too .
4 . I 'm afraid of making a mistake ( so I do n't do anything )
In our right minds we all know better than to let fear get the best of us , but when we 're in its grip it 's hard to be rational . I find it useful to have a series of questions to walk through to help me get out of the emotional stalemate and review the actual issues .
What is the worst that could happen ?
Then what ?
And that means what ?
Investigate the deeper pain points in your journal or with a trusted advisor . Look at the fear with patience and without judgment . If you can be both compassionate and dispassionate you are likely to uncover a solution .
For example , my friend Ivanka ( not her real name ) had an idea for a new business venture . She 'd done her homework , learned about the product , the market , and the law . She had thought through all contingencies but still felt unsure .
When I probed we determined that even though the investment was manageable she would still hate to lose the money , the real issue being that she did n't trust herself not to change her mind down the road . It was n't business failure she feared but that she might lose interest and it would all be a waste of money .
I get that . Perfectly understandable if you have a history of starting projects and getting bored . But it 's not a good enough reason to throw away a good business idea that you 're really excited about .
Together we came up with the realization that if circumstances changed she could most likely recoup her investment by selling the equipment . That was enough of a safety net to counter her niggling distrust .
5 ) I overthink it and override my first instinct
This one is a little tougher for me because I 'm strongly kinesthetic and my body is a reliable barometer of what is a good and bad decision . I have a recommendation and I 'm interested in feedback about whether it works .
When you are in a loop of Go or No Go and you 've been through your rational review ,
What am I really wanting or seeking ?
What 's the outcome I expect ?
Is this going to deliver it ?
What will I do as a result ?
What 's next ?
If you 're still in doubt , try putting your hand on your heart and asking yourself “ Do I do this ? Is this the right decision ? ” See what comes up .
Sometimes simply the connection to your body will get you out of your head and able to access other wisdom .
Again , my thanks to all of you who participated in the making of this article . It was fascinating to realize the difference between knowing the correct choice in the moment and making it . I hope this helps you dive through the wave and come out the other side .
Water for Profit : Haiti 's Thirsty Season
There is no shortage of water in Haiti . Yet , everywhere on the island , Haitians travel for miles to get water , pay dearly for it if they can find it , and sometimes die on their journey to collect it , like so many antelopes snatched by predators on their way to drink . How does a thing like that happen in a country that gets reliably drenched with more than 50 inches ( 130 cm ) of naturally distilled rainwater per year ? Haiti is blessed with two rainy seasons : April to May , and August to October , but even during the driest months of December to February , the country gets about 1.5 inches per month . The Artibonite River alone carries more than 26,000 gallons ( 100 cubic meters ) of fresh water per second ! Another 13,000 gallons per second flow through nine other rivers that crisscross the mountainous landscape . As if that were not enough , Haitians also sit on about 15 trillion gallons of groundwater .
The latest foreign occupiers of Haiti would like us to believe that they found the country in a state of wilderness , with Haitians defoliating the trees and bouncing between the bare branches like monkeys that had not yet discovered fire or the wheel . In reality , Haiti has had a system of pipes where communities could collect their drinking water since 1841 . About 40 years after that , households began to be equipped with their own water , so that by the early 20th century , this group represented one third of the population . Haiti 's position with regard to potable water rivaled anywhere in the world and was contemporary with the construction of waterworks in cities of the United States . Keep in mind that it was in the mid-19th century that about 20,000 Londoners died of epidemics of Asian cholera . Their drinking water had become contaminated with the wastes of the upper classes , who had just become fond of water closets and did not care where their untreated wastes flowed . If this brings to mind the more recent contamination of Haiti by the United Nations “ peacekeepers , ” yes , plus cela change , plus c'est la même chose .
As in most places and for good reason , in Haiti the control of water distribution was the purview of cities . The Autonomous Metropolitan Drinking Water Authority ( Centrale Autonome Métropolitaine d'Eau Potable , CAMEP ) handled the water distribution in Port-au-Prince . Branches of the National Drinking Water Authority ( Service National d'Eau Potable , SNEP ) provided water in 28 other cities . Many of Haiti 's smaller communities and cities also built their own fountains and dug their own wells .
The average Haitian consumes very little water : about 10 gallons a day . By contrast , residents of most so-called developed countries consume 5 to 15 times more water , with the US being the most wasteful . This massive waste is directly linked to the advent of tap water inside of houses . According to the writer Ivan Illich , in the US , “ wherever tap water reached the households , water consumption increased by a factor of between twenty and sixty , which meant that a rate of thirty to 100 gallons a day became typical. ” Indeed , a major reason for the low consumption by Haitians is that almost no clean water is allowed to flow down a drain . Most Haitians , who are poor , collect their water in containers for drinking , cooking and washing . And even those who are more prosperous customarily lack water toilets or faucets inside their homes . The water is supplied to small outbuildings for cooking or showering and is used with a minimum of waste .
As Port-au-Prince 's population grew , the water authorities , as well as private concerns , added new branches to some of the water pipes . Tanker trucks also joined the delivery system . Thus the water system became privatized in a limited and chaotic way by the political class . According to a United Nations study , in 1976 the delivery of water to Port-au-Prince by CAMEP was about 17 million gallons per day , one half of which was wasted or redirected . This was certainly unfortunate for CAMEP , which was losing funds that might have been spent on its administration . On the other hand , Port-au-Prince 's population was less than 450,000 , and even with the supposed waste or redirection , about 20 gallons of water were still supplied by the government per capita , per day .
Foreign aid and finance agencies like the US Agency for International Development ( USAID ) , World Bank , and Inter American Development Bank ( IDB ) had gained a foothold in Haiti with the ascendance of the dictator Jean-Claude Duvalier in 1971 . As these agencies set about to drive small Haitian farmers into bankruptcy to create surplus labor for new sweatshops in the capital , they also financed a series of studies of the country . Superficially , these studies were meant to guide the eradication of poverty , but their real purpose was to provide information on how exacerbate poverty to its absolute limit and profit from it . One study in 2005 , to identify the owners of Haiti 's water networks , was done by the Haitian branch of George Soros ' Open Society Foundations , which goes by the pretentious name , Foundation for Knowledge and Freedom ( Fondasyon Konesans Ak Libète , FOKAL ) . This was an interesting detour for FOKAL , which appears to focus on cultural projects to catalyze the Americanization of Haitians . In 2006 , the International Foundation of the Red Cross ( IFRC ) reported that 81 percent of Haitians lacked access to decent toilets , i.e . water closets . Consequently , the IFRC declared Haiti to be the world 's most unsanitary country and the only one that had become less sanitary in the previous decade . It did not matter that nearly all Haitians had access to latrines that were more sanitary than the water closets whose untreated wastes were dumped into bodies of water . The study also overlooked the heavy burden posed by the influx of more than 60,000 massively wasteful Westerners from non-governmental organizations ( NGO ) , including the United Nations ' so-called peacekeepers , starting in 2004 , and the Red Cross itself .
In general , the studies of Haiti 's water agreed that its population had outgrown its municipal water delivery systems , and this was true , especially in Port-au-Prince , where the population had reached 1.9 million by 2009 through a sustained and deliberate depopulation of the rural areas . It was nevertheless also true that there was ample water around for that population . New infrastructure would have to be built . The country could have dug more wells to expand its potable-water system and built water-treatment systems . Alternatively , or in combination , it could have widely adopted rainwater harvesting . This practice is common in regions like Central America and the Caribbean , with seasons of abundant rainfall , and it is especially well suited to countries like Haiti , whose mountainous terrain poses a great challenge to the installation of systems of water pipes . Furthermore , rain-catchment systems are inexpensive to install and maintain . None of these things were done . Instead , the government created the National Water and Sanitation Authority ( Direction Nationale de l'Eau Potable et de l'Assainissement , DINEPA ) in 2009 to control all the drinking water of the country .
Despite its socialist sounding name , there is nothing nationalistic about DINEPA . It is a foreign organization with a Haitian front : a director general who often reminds poor Haitians that DINEPA “ carries out its mission around the implementation of investments , network development , sector regulation , and stakeholder control , ” which is gobbledygook for centralization and privatization . The main stakeholders and financial backers of DINEPA are the World Bank , IDB , Spanish Agency for International Development Cooperation ( Agencia Espanola de Cooperacion para el Desarrollo , AECID ) , US Center for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , and UN International Children 's Emergency Fund ( UNICEF ) . Haiti 's contribution , through its Fund for Economic and Social Assistance ( Fonds d'Assistance Economique et Sociale , FAES ) , is trivial compared to the others , as is its influence .
The main beneficiaries of these international funds have been the two largest water-privatization companies in the world : Veolia Environnement S.A. and Suez Environnement S.A. , both multibillion-dollar French corporations . Veolia was initially contracted by DINEPA on April 1 , 2010 , less than three months after the earthquake in Port-au-Prince , supposedly to assist the humanitarian emergency there . After DINEPA contracted Suez in February 26 , 2011 to rebuild Port-au-Prince 's water system , Veolia moved on to the other cities , where its operations expanded with the cholera epidemic of October 2010 . By a strange coincidence , starting around 2011 , throughout Haiti , potable-water systems have suffered a rash of sabotage and required reconstruction .
There is nothing remotely humanitarian about the privatization of water . The idea is pure evil and its practice should be a crime . It ablates the life savings of hardworking people , displaces , and kills them . This plague does not stop in Haiti . It has already reached the poorer cities in rich countries like the US . In every case , the same forces combine to turn water into a commodity . Veolia and Suez , which are at the forefront of the project to privatize the world 's waters , have an impressive history of lawsuits . One of the more recent ones was Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette 's civil lawsuit against Veolia in December 2016 . This lawsuit alleges that the company fraudulently submitted false and misleading statements to the public after its analysis of the water in Flint , Michigan . Contamination of this water with lead and other substances was associated with about 9,000 cases of lead poisoning in children younger than six , and an outbreak of Legionnaire 's Disease that caused 12 deaths .
In subsequent parts of this series , I will dissect the mechanisms by which water is snatched from municipal authorities in places like Haiti and Flint , Michigan , and privatized . Find Part II here .
Editor 's Notes : Dady Chery is the author of We Have Dared to Be Free . Photograph one from United Nations Photo archive ; two , three , five , six , and eight by Alex Proimos ; four by Evamaria ; and seven , nine and ten from the Pan American Health Organization archive .
A notorious white nationalist has been granted the right to intervene in a human rights case involving flyers that targeted a transgender candidate in the B.C . election .
Morgane Oger , the defeated NDP candidate for Vancouver-False Creek , filed a complaint against Bill Whatcott after he distributed handouts accusing her and her party of `` promoting a false narrative '' — specifically , that she is a woman .
In a decision Friday , the B.C . Human Rights Tribunal granted intervener status to Paul Fromm , arguing on behalf of the Canadian Association for Free Expression ( CAFE ) . Fromm is a self-described white nationalist and the director of CAFE , a non-profit that has intervened in several human rights cases across Canada involving , for example , Holocaust deniers and homophobic websites .
Morgane Oger was the 2017 candidate for the B.C . NDP in the riding of Vancouver-False Creek . ( Belle Ancel Photography )
Oger told CBC News that she was disappointed by the decision .
`` I feel that it 's regrettable , '' she said . `` I am tired a little bit of people thinking that just because they hate someone ... they can just negate their existence . It 's time that this ends , and CAFE is going to try to keep this going instead of putting an end to what to me is an open-and-shut case . ''
Fromm had argued that CAFE 's presence was necessary during proceedings because Whatcott could not afford a lawyer .
And tribunal member Walter Rilkoff agreed , but only to an extent .
`` Given CAFE 's extensive participation in other fora in Canada , I have decided that its submissions may be of assistance but only for the purpose of making written and oral submissions , '' Rilkoff wrote in his decision .
Fromm will not be allowed to cross-examine any witnesses , and will have to file applications to call witnesses of his own .
A history of extremism
Like Fromm , the man at the centre of the complaint also has a long history of promoting extremist views .
Whatcott was the subject of a landmark 2013 ruling from the Supreme Court of Canada upholding the country 's hate speech laws , and is currently facing a $ 103-million class action lawsuit over graphic anti-gay flyers distributed during last year 's Toronto Pride parade .
The flyers he distributed in Yaletown this spring used graphic and derogatory language , and expressed `` concern about the promotion and growth of homosexuality and transvestitism in British Columbia and how it is obscuring the immutable truth about our God-given gender . ''
Bill Whatcott is a Christian activist with a long history in Canadian courts and tribunals . ( CBC )
Oger remembers learning about the flyers during a debate with her Liberal opponent , Sam Sullivan .
`` My initial reaction was devastation . It was like , oh God , how horrible . My fear was , what are people going to think ? Is this going to actually affect people ? '' she said .
Friends , family and members of the community rallied around her , Oger said , but she was still worried about her safety .
`` I was concerned that his language could actually cause others to act in a more violent way , '' she said .
The complaint alleges discrimination on the basis of gender identity , language that was only added to the B.C . Human Rights Code last year , thanks in part to Oger 's advocacy .
Another would-be intervener
Meanwhile , Friday 's tribunal decision reveals that Fromm was n't the only person applying to intervene in the case .
A Vancouver Island man named Gordon Watson , who described himself as `` Justice Critic for the Party of Citizens Who Have Decided to Think for Ourselves and Be Our Own Politicians , '' also asked for intervener status .
In all , Watson submitted 13 single-spaced pages to the tribunal , covering topics ranging from homosexuality to raw milk to the Harmonized Sales Tax . He wanted to argue , among other things , `` that some of the judges on the Supreme Court of Canada were illegally appointed , '' according to Rilkoff .
The tribunal did not accept his application .
( CNN ) -- Terry Chiplin did n't need a Harvard study to tell him what he 's known for years .
`` Barefoot running , for me , is a lot less painful than wearing running shoes , '' said the 55-year-old Brit , who competed in high school in thin-soled leather shoes and would run shoeless whenever he could .
After taking a break in early adulthood from the sport , Chiplin returned to it by buying a fancy pair of running shoes .
`` I 'd come home with blisters , my feet killing me , '' he said . `` So one day , I just said to myself , 'Who cares what anybody thinks ? I 'm putting sole to earth . ' ``
Chiplin now teaches running and outdoor fitness in Estes Park , Colorado , and does it shoeless as often as possible .
He 's among many runners on blogs and list-servs who 've been debating new studies about the most efficient running form . Should you go barefoot ? Land heel-first or on the balls of your feet ? Are those fancy shoes hurting more than helping you ?
The study stirring the most buzz was led by Harvard evolutionary biologist Dr. Daniel Lieberman .
It 's the first to compare how much impact the body takes when a runner is wearing shoes or is barefoot . Using high-speed video , the study revealed barefoot runners strike with their forefoot and suffer less jarring to their bodies . When you 're barefoot , you 're going to land with the portion of your foot that is most springy . And think of the barefoot run as a game of hot potato -- if you know you have rocks and glass on that surface , you 're going to move more carefully and pick your feet up quicker .
Shoe wearers strike with their heel and deliver a shock to their overall body that is two to three times their body weight . Lieberman 's test subjects were Kenyan runners who had spent their lives running barefoot and the Harvard track team , which runs in shoes .
Watch the difference between barefoot and shoe running
`` Runners are responding because they are always interested in the latest science of their sport , and they have a personal reaction to being told that their shoes are going to be taken away , '' said D. Leif Rustvold , a Portland , Oregon , runner with a masters in anthropological biology who works for a health care provider .
Though he switched to barefooting a few years ago and saw an improvement in his efficiency , he predicts barefooting will remain a practice of a minority .
`` Runners are concerned first about injuries , and barefoot running can seem , at first , like it 's going to lead to injury , '' he said . `` Besides , we 've been wearing shoes for years . No one is going to roll that back . ''
The other study , focusing on walking form , comes from University of Utah biology professor David Carrier .
Carrier is well-known among distance runners for trying to run down a herd of antelope a few years ago to prove that humans were built to run great distances , their survival dependent on their ability to persistence hunt .
He found that while humans have evolved to run great distances , we 've also evolved to become more efficient walkers than our ape ancestors by doing the very thing Lieberman 's study warns against -- landing heel first . His test subjects were volunteers who were triathletes , runners and soccer players .
Most mammals -- dogs , cats , raccoons -- walk and run around on the balls of their feet , the study says . Few species land on their heel : bears , humans and great apes -- chimps , gorillas , orangutans .
`` Our study shows that the heel-down posture increases the economy of walking but not the economy of running , '' says Carrier . `` You consume more energy when you walk on the balls of your feet or your toes than when you walk heels first . ''
So , run on your forefeet and walk on your heels ?
`` It can be complicated , but I do n't think what Lieberman concluded and what our study found conflicts at all with each other , '' Carrier told CNN . `` If anything it shows how complex our feet are , and how much we 're learning about the mechanics of movement . ''
Lieberman said his study is not meant to be an argument for barefoot running .
`` I 'm afraid of people have misunderstood me , '' he said . `` I 'm not in the business of telling people what to do , what shoes to wear or whether to wear shoes at all . ''
Amanda Musacchio , 35 , of Wheaton , Illinois , is a member of one of the biggest running list-servs in the country . She and many other runners have interpreted the story as a round-about way to cheer barefoot running .
Musacchio wore thin-soled shoes when she was a sprinter in high school without injury . But when she started running longer distances in adulthood , she thought wearing a heavy-cushioned shoe would help . Instead , she racked up injuries . So she went bare again .
`` I started barefoot running five minutes at a time , '' she said . `` I feel almost as good now as when I did 20 years ago when I was a sprinter . My feet seem to remember how to land properly , on my forefoot , and that improved form has changed my running tremendously . ''
Among the skeptics is self-described `` proud shoe wearer '' runner Spurgeon Hendrick , who regularly hits the trails outside Atlanta , Georgia , for long runs .
He points out that Lieberman 's study was partly sponsored by Vibram USA , information that is clearly disclosed on every page . The company makes Vibram 5 Fingers , a thin latex shoe with individual toes that mimics barefoot running . The shoe has sold like hot cakes this past year after they and Lieberman 's work were featured in the 2009 best-selling book `` Born to Run . ''
`` I could n't run barefooted , or in Vibrams , even if I wanted to , '' Hendrick said . `` I stub my toes on roots and rocks too much , and at my age , I do n't have time to wait on a broken toe to heal . ''
Lieberman is adamant that Vibram sponsorship had nothing to do with the outcome of the study , which was also funded by the American School of Prehistoric Research , the Goelet Fund and Harvard University .
But many runners are saying that apart from the nitpicking about whether the studies are on the money is one basic lesson : Be more aware of your unique movement .
`` I think it 's very hard , if not impossible , to change body mechanics , '' said Dr. Perry Julien , a podiatrist who has treated Olympic runners and serves as the co-medical director of the world 's biggest 10K , the Atlanta Peachtree Road Race . `` And people who try , or try too quickly and without care , are going to wind up in my office . ''
If you 're a walker , being more conscious of how your feet hit the ground may make you more efficient . If you 're a 200-pound guy who hits the treadmill a couple times a week , barefoot running might not be worth the work necessary to build up the calf and Achilles strength to prevent injury , he said .
Stress fractures , tendonitis or plantar fasciitis , a hard-to-heal tissue inflammation that feels like needles driven into your foot , are likely to result for runners who dash out the gate barefoot without gradually working up to it .
The podiatrist pointed out that there are many examples of people who heel strike without problems , most famously Joan Benoit .
Benoit won the first women 's Olympics marathon in 1984 , the same era of the record-breaking South African Zola Budd , who ran barefoot .
Obama Contemplates Military Action In The US
There are ten positions available for appointment to the new “ Council of Governors ” that Obama has created . Their mission is to advise the President on “ military activities in the United States ”
I am sure you all remember the fiasco coming out of Missouri several months ago . You know , the ones where the police where advised that people with Ron Paul stickers on their car were “ right wing extremists ” . Well , Obama decided to make use of the Governor from that state . It was n't bad enough that he had his state link various conservative organizations to domestic terrorism , but now , he is joining this advisory panel as well .
Governor Nixon is directly responsible for operating the fusion center and has been confirmed to be one of the nominees for this new panel , likely to head the p [ panel . It does not bode well for Americans when police are instructed to look for citizens who are concerned about abortion , gun restrictions , FEMA , IRS , the Federal Reserve etc . Such actions will do nothing but create a police state . A state , where you might get tazed if you can not prove who you are . Your walking papers please .
It is not too surprising that shortly after the Missouri documents were revealed , that a similar one also existed and was published by the Department of Homeland Security . Funny , that is the same agency that will be working in conjunction with this new panel .
Looking at this , it is predictable that as the economy worsens , instead of getting better , this new panel will begin issuing similar edicts and start targeting conservatives and other freedom loving people . Watch for the first steps of new legislation . Perhaps on the restrictions of firearms , I mean , after all , they do n't want people armed who are capable of defending themselves against what they are about to do . If you were planning to create a police state where you controlled everyone by force , would you want them to have guns ?
The Tenth Amendment Center does not sit idly by while this is going on . They are lobbying for new legislation that will limit the ability of National Guard troops for domestic use . As an organization concerned with states rights , the 10th Amendment Center does not want any federal laws to hamper the states rights to run there own government by crossing jurisdictional bounds .
30 something czars exist already and now a new advisory panel ? Like the czars , this panel is not approved by Congress . Just who is actually running this country anyway ? This president has nothing but contempt for our Constitution , Congress , the judiciary or the balance of powers . He is quickly putting into place everything he needs to set himself up to become America 's first dictator .
Well my good readers , what can we do about it and what actions are you willing to take to help stop this silent coup ?
Yours in Liberty
Ron Moore Adapting Diana Gabaldon 's Outlander Series For Sony Pictures TV By Jessica Grabert Random Article Blend Battlestar Galactica ended its epic run in 2009 , series creator Ron Moore has had a little trouble getting new shows to resonate with audiences . Granted , Caprica did earn one season on Syfy , but his newest idea , the cop drama 17th Precinct -- which would have featured BSG alums Tricia Helfer , James Callis and Jamie Bamber -- never made it past the pilot phase . Despite neither show earning six seasons and a movie , Moore has shown an unwillingness to give up , and hopefully his newest project will make its way to series .
Sony Pictures TV has just nabbed the book rights to Diana Gabaldon 's Outlander series , which features a young woman time traveling from 1945 to 1743 . Along with the time travel component , the woman , Claire , also finds herself in a love triangle spanning over each time frame . With the series selling over 20 million copies , an eighth book on the way , and fan tours running in Scotland , the book series is prime real estate and Sony has grabbed some good people to pitch a potential show to the networks , although they may think about changing the name so as not to confuse people with Jim Caviezel 's performance in the 2008 film Outlander , which often gets reruns on cable .
According to
I think most of us love a good time travel story , and adding a romance component could gear the Outlander series to a female-skewed audience that may normally avoid a science fiction premise . Hopefully for Moore , this endeavor will prove a winner for the small screen . Afterended its epic run in 2009 , series creator Ron Moore has had a little trouble getting new shows to resonate with audiences . Granted , did earn one season on Syfy , but his newest idea , the cop drama -- which would have featuredalums Tricia Helfer , James Callis and Jamie Bamber -- never made it past the pilot phase . Despite neither show earning six seasons and a movie , Moore has shown an unwillingness to give up , and hopefully his newest project will make its way to series.Sony Pictures TV has just nabbed the book rights to Diana Gabaldon'sseries , which features a young woman time traveling from 1945 to 1743 . Along with the time travel component , the woman , Claire , also finds herself in a love triangle spanning over each time frame . With the series selling over 20 million copies , an eighth book on the way , and fan tours running in Scotland , the book series is prime real estate and Sony has grabbed some good people to pitch a potential show to the networks , although they may think about changing the name so as not to confuse people with Jim Caviezel 's performance in the 2008 film , which often gets reruns on cable.According to Deadline , Ron Moore is being hired to adapt the series to the small screen . Additionally , Jim Kohlberg 's Story Mining and Supply Co. are set to produce the project.I think most of us love a good time travel story , and adding a romance component could gear theseries to a female-skewed audience that may normally avoid a science fiction premise . Hopefully for Moore , this endeavor will prove a winner for the small screen . Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Working group on investment responsibility argues it is better to keep investments in oil and gas companies , rather than divest £5.9bn endowment
The University of Cambridge has rejected calls to divest its £5.9bn endowment from fossil fuels , as students , academics and the former archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams have called for .
In a report on Friday , the university ruled out future investments in coal and tar sands , although it currently has no direct holdings in either , and only negligible holdings in coal by investments managed externally .
But the working group on investment responsibility argued it was better to keep investments in oil and gas companies , and engage with them .
Campaigners said the steps announced today were too little and too slow , and said they would renew their push to force the university to divest .
Cambridge 's endowment is the biggest of any of the British universities where students have staged divestment campaigns , part of a global movement that has seen institutions and individuals globally commit to divesting £1.89tn in fossil fuels to stop catastrophic global warming .
Cambridge 's fund , the CUEF , is rivalled only by that of the University of Oxford , which reached a similar decision on coal and tar sands last year but ruled out divestment .
The working group 's report said that it recognises concerns of a “ carbon bubble ” , where international action to rapidly phase out emissions from fossil fuels – as agreed by nearly 200 countries in Paris last year – results in abrupt loss in the sector 's value . The Bank of England is investigating the risk of such stranded assets , which some have warned could cause another global financial crash .
“ Regulatory change and public policy significantly affect the expected economic returns from carbon related industries . The group recognises therefore that engagement with fund managers may include such considerations and involve strategies , where feasible , to divest progressively , consistent with the expected performance of the portfolio . ”
Most of the endowment is managed indirectly by such fund managers .
The working group was appointed in 2015 to look into whether environmental considerations were being factored into its investment decisions . It concluded that excluding individual investments would be neither ethical nor practical , and that it would have no influence with more “ enlightened operators ” in the fossil fuel sector if it divested from them .
A university spokeswoman said : “ In a set of recommendations , the working group recommended continued engagement between the university and firms that invest on its behalf to ensure all are fully aware of our values . ”
More than 2,000 students signed a petition for divestment and the student union council voted 33 to 1 in favour of divestment . Nearly 100 Cambridge academics signed an open letter in April calling for divestment .
Angus Satow , campaigns officer at the Cambridge Zero Carbon Society , said : “ Whilst we welcome these tentative first steps to divestment , this is too little , too slow . The university has failed to live up to its own mission statement , including ‘ concern for sustainability and the relationship with the environment ' . ”
He added that they would seek a decision next year at the university 's decision-making body , Regent House : “ We will win a vote among academics next year , and Cambridge will divest from fossil fuels . ”
“ We 've always had a nagging sense that we needed to go back and tackle this topic . ”
Las Vegas , August 30 – A duo of prominent stage magicians known for their outspoken stances on political issues and for their vocal support of skepticism toward many widely-held beliefs have announced they will produce a once-off revival of their Emmy-nominated TV show arguing for skepticism of those notions , with the special episode focused on the disingenuous , distorted , and outright false claims behind the Palestinian national movement .
Penn Jillette and Raymond Teller , one of the most famous magic acts in history , issued a press release today to the effect that “ Penn & Teller 's ‘ Bulls * * t ! ' ” would come back for a special one-time , two-hour episode to examine the common misconceptions , myths , and falsehoods peddled by advocates for the Palestinian cause , aiming to demonstrate that support for such a cause keeps millions of people stateless and miserable , perpetuates violent conflict , discourages a peaceful resolution of Arab-Israeli differences , and draws precious international resources away from where they are actually needed .
“ I have to say our biggest regret , in terms of the topics we took on in our show , was not devoting attention to the Palestinian cause , ” said Jillette , referring to the seven-year run on the Showtime cable channel that ended in 2010 . “ Teller and I shifted our emphasis when the run ended , but we 've always had a nagging sense that we needed to go back and tackle this topic . It 's a source of tremendous bulls * * t , after all . ”
Specifically , Penn and Teller aim to shine a critical lens on the notion of Palestinian nationhood , the historicity of Palestinian claims to indigenous status , Palestinian denial of a Jewish connection to the Holy Land , the misleading application of terminology such as “ occupation ” and “ genocide , ” and numerous other features of Palestinian advocacy . “ We 're not even going to spend a lot of time on the violence and intimidation that characterize so much of pro-Palestinian rhetoric , especially on college campuses , but that will get a mention , because it has to , ” explained Jillette , to nods from Teller . “ Millions of people are walking around with this stupid image of Palestinians as these poor native victims of imperialism , but it 's a load of bullsh * * t , and the more it spreads , the farther the world gets from the possibility of resolving this conflict peacefully . ”
Whereas the original series episodes ran 28-30 minutes each , the special revival episode will run four times as long . “ There 's enough material to make it ten hours if we wanted , and we would n't cover the same ground at any point , ” noted Jillette . “ But that would be overkill , so we 're going to cap it at 2 hours . ”
Please consider supporting PreOccupied Territory through Patreon .
The haunting tale of Hans Christian Andersen 's Snow Queen has been kicking around Disney since the 1940s , when Walt Disney himself was considering a full-fledged animated feature based on the story . The problematic fairy tale , which was first published in 1845 , has lots of great imagery and is really about the healing power of love against a cold-hearted villainess who separates the story 's hero and heroine . But the story 's characters are not really fully developed and the plot does n't exactly lend itself easily to the demands of modern moviegoing audiences .
Luckily , a new version of the story , which reaches theaters this month , is quite different from the original Scandinavian tale . Thanks to the team at Disney , which went back to the drawing board despite several false starts through the years , the new 3-D , CG-animated feature Frozen has kept the original message , but built a delightful new storyline and appealing characters that are bound to entertain audiences this holiday season .
Directed by Chris Buck ( Tarzan , Surf 's Up ) and Jennifer Lee ( screenwriter on Wreck-It Ralph ) , Frozen explores the relationship between two sisters , heirs to the throne of Arendelle—the optimistic Anna ( voiced by Kristen Bell ) and Elsa , who has powers she ca n't truly control ( Wicked star Idina Menzel ) . Along the way , there are romantic interests , the comic snowman Olaf ( Josh Gad ) and a colorful cast of characters that provide the film 's heroine with her share of laughs , thrills and chills .
As visually astounding as the movie looks , the directors tell us that finding a way to tell the story correctly and getting to the real heart of the tale were two of the movie 's biggest challenges .
“ Chris had pitched the film 's powerful ending early on in 2009 , and Ed Catmull said , ‘ Change everything if you have to , but you have to earn this ending , ' ” recalls Lee . “ ‘ If you earn it , they will be great—but if you do n't , it will suck ! ' We knew that we needed to have a much bigger movie to earn that ending . It was a huge undertaking . We also had to really work on the character of Elsa . She started out as a villain , but we ended up with a much more complicated character . ”
Buck says they knew that the message of the movie involved an act of true love . “ Our solution ended up being elegant and simple , ” says the veteran director . “ We knew we had to do it in such a way that rang true and felt real from everyone 's points of view . The theme did n't change…it shifted from romantic love to fear versus love . ”
As behooves a 21st century animated heroine , Frozen ‘ s Anna is not the typically pristine , perfect princesses we used to see dancing with birds and squirrels in older Disney classics . She makes hasty decisions , is not afraid to joke around and look foolish , and is able to survive numerous hardships and heartaches along the way .
“ Anna is strong and fearless , in her own way , but she also has flaws , ” explains Lee , who has the distinction of being the first woman to direct a Disney animated feature . “ She 's really evolved along the way , becoming what she 's meant to be : empowered , yet playful with her own sense of humor . She reminds me of a lot of the girls I grew up with , and Kristen [ Bell ] also brought a lot of those qualities to the character . ”
Since Andersen 's tale is set in Scandinavia , the Frozen team based the details of the kingdom of Arendelle on Norway as well as the physical details of the winter season in Wyoming . As art director Mike Giaimo , who also worked on Disney 's Pocahontas , points out , “ We wanted to create an intimate world with an enchanting and dynamic setting that would be immediately identifiable…Norway provided us with a cultural background we 'd never explored before and we thought , ‘ Would n't it be great to blend its dramatic environment , architecture and folk costume aesthetic ? ' It feels like a world from a classic Disney movie , but it 's completely new . ”
Giaimo used the work of acclaimed cinematographer Jack Cardiff in Black Narcissus and Ted D. McCord 's CinemaScope pastoral scenes in The Sound of Music as inspiration for the movie 's great environmental depictions . As the film 's producer Peter Del Vecho remarks , “ This story has an epic scope , with the rare ability to sweep you in—you believe this place exists and feel its magic . That 's what every filmmaker , artist and animator at Disney wants to achieve . ”
Building the Ice Palace
A key scene in the movie involves Elsa building a dazzling ice palace using her special magic . Members of the production team visited Quebec City to see an Ice Hotel to take notes on how light reflects and plays off snow and ice . “ We had at least 50 effects artists and lighting artists working together to create that long shot , ” says Lee . “ It took about 30 hours to render just one frame ; that 's 4,000 computers rendering one frame at a time . That 's why that scene is one of my favorites . It really represents the journey all of us took on that movie . ”
Another vital part of bringing the movie to animated life is the music . Thanks to lively songs by Robert Lopez ( The Book of Mormon , Avenue Q ) and Kristen Anderson-Lopez ( Winnie the Pooh ) , Anna and Elsa 's journey is able to hit all the right emotional notes . They have also delivered one of the comic highlights of the film with their signature song for Olaf the snowman , in which the dim-witted character longs for sunshine . Their contributions to the movie also helped solve some of the storytelling challenges , says Lee . “ Each song drives the plot forward and has to be integral to the overall story , ” she explains . “ They are doing two things at the same time , elevating the emotional stakes and telling the story . Bobby and Christina were great partners , and we were Skyping with them every day for a couple of hours . The songs also had to feel contemporary and fresh . And when we 're telling the story , we had to be very flexible with each other . If you throw out a song , then you lose that narrative , and in turn , if you change the storyline , then the song wo n't make sense . That 's why it took about 14 months to get the final songs . ”
Now that their labor of love is ready to entertain millions of families around the world , both Lee and Buck are proud of what the talented artists at the Mouse House have achieved . “ I love so much of this movie , and there is so much of all of us in every scene , so it 's difficult to just pick one aspect of it , ” says Buck . “ But if I had to do it , I would pick the sequence towards the end of the movie where the trolls are singing . It was one of the last things we finished and the last song to write . It was the final piece of the puzzle . As we were shaping and shifting the movie around , we always knew that the trolls had to be this final piece . They bring such a significant change through the course of the movie . I just thought we would never get there , and they handled it beautifully. ” That 's probably what Uncle Walt had hoped for when he envisioned a movie about Andersen 's ice maiden so many decades ago .
Disney will release Frozen in theaters nationwide on November 27 .
About
Playable Demo is Available ! Download Now !
At Blackfire Games , we have been working ‘ round the clock to make something that will last forever ; something immortal . Our hope and dream is to finish our game , Unformed , in its entirety . Unformed is a Metroidvania that will quench the thirst for challenging and exciting 2D action games with an appeal that will attract old and new fans of the genre . We have released several working demos that contain many elements of the final version , but still have a ways to go until that holy day of completion . Backers and curious bystanders alike can take a look and try out Unformed to see if it 's up to snuff . And if you like the demo , you 're going to love the real thing !
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
WithIn our 30-day campaign , we hope to raise $ 20,000 to finance the completion of Unformed . With your help , we will be able to hire more designers , artists and staff to lend their talents to our blooming project . For every dollar that 's donated , we will make sure that you are well taken care of . No matter how small the donation , backers will be rewarded for their contributions .
PLATFORM
Unformed is scheduled to be released on PC mid 2018 , with console versions ( PS4 / Xbox One ) coming as soon as possible . We 're very much interested to release Unformed for portable devices ( PSVita / 3DS ) and Nintendo Switch eventually after the game is out for main platforms , but this is not set in stone .
Curse Devices System
Character development in Unformed works with help of unique Raw Stones - Curse Devices system ; it 's a complex system that was inspired by Sphere Grid system from Final Fantasy X and Equipment Skill system from Monster Hunter series . In order to become more powerful , players will have to upgrade variety of curse devices with raw stones , finding those through variety of tasks on their journey through Dvipa . If done correctly , the link between curse devices will strongly increase the power of both curse devices and raw stones inside them . Players will be able to acquire raw stones randomly throughout the game and will be able to improve their quality by upgrade and synthesis process . Curse devices are widely spread across every corner of both planes ; players will have to explore locations and complete various tasks to get curse devices of the rarest quality .
Exploration / World
Unformed will offer players a large number of distinct level settings . From underground mines to mountain salt lakes , locations not only look different , they each have unique gameplay features . These include but are not limited to :
Dynamically changing levels
Foreground and background binding
Mirror principle Illusions
Puzzle solving by changing level structure .
Combat
Unlike the majority of 2D action games , the combat system in Unformed is very challenging , heavily inspired by Dark Soul and other games in the Souls series . Creatures attack in an unpredictable manner , making players think several steps ahead of every engagement in order to overcome their foes . Should they fail , they 'll have to start back from the checkpoint . Even though Unformed is n't a reenactment of Souls games in 2D form , our designers are fans of the series and took inspiration of the combat style inherent to it . Take every fight seriously , carefully balancing between aggression and stamina . Use various magic spells , karma-infused weapons and enchantment to overcome the toughest of foes or to cop out of a bad situation .
Team Overview
Unformed is being developed by Blackfire Games . Core members of our studio have years of international experience in the development of AAA games , have been involved in the design and production of a variety of Console/PC/iOS/Android games and have ported and localized many well-known titles , such as Rainbow Six , Rayman , Bioshock , FarCry , XCOM , etc .
Quests
Players will be able to acquire quests from NPCs ; these quests may result in changing the game world or provide interesting fluff pieces of the world of Unformed . Some quests will have branching storylines ; players will have to replay the game several times to fully experience sidequest 's storylines . Unformed will consist of about 8 -10 secondary story arcs in addition to the main quest .
Without YOU , our dream will undoubtably be dashed on the jagged rocks of reality . Help us to create Unformed and we all will have a shot at living forever . We are all in this journey together and we promise to hold you tight the entire way ( but not TOO tight ) .
If , by the will of the gods , we somehow achieve immortality and reach our goal , there is the possibility of an even greater treasure beyond the $ 20,000 mark ! Vast amounts of glory and pleasure await backers with our Stretch Goals .
Surely we will all live in bliss if the first goal of $ 30,000 is met . Once unlocked , the first Stretch Goal will enable backers to explore the expanded world of Unformed with an enlarged map , unveiling new levels and areas to make your mark upon .
Eternal glory will fall upon each head that contributes to the second Stretch Goal ! Once the mere $ 50,000 mark is unlocked , flesh and bone will meld together to produce a new hero with whom players can control . While on the same level as our heroine , this new hero will possess different abilities and skills the likes of which have never been seen ! Become accustomed to him ! Control him ! Additionally , players will experience the aesthetic power of more beautifully illustrated and animated scenes within Unformed !
Help us unlock both Stretch Goals and we will all reap the benefits and bounty that awaits ! We are truly grateful to each of you for walking hand-in-hand with us down this long and perilous road .
When I finally got round to watching Kill List several months ago , I began to fall slightly in love with Ben Wheatley 's ability to not only direct films but his audience . Despite leaving me utterly bewildered and unsure about what I had just witnessed , Kill List was admirable and exciting . Two years later Wheatley has returned with his boldest project yet . A Field in England is courageous in not only story and direction but in its release and distribution .
I made the choice to watch the film on television whilst others across the country made the choice to see it in the cinema . ( Sadly , being at home in Preston meant I was train rides away from any picture houses that were screening it ) . Whilst I sat down to watch the film on Film 4 many others across the country were doing the same . Others were watching it on Blu-ray and DVD and some were streaming it on-line on demand . Some may even have been lucky enough to catch the film from a field in England as field screenings were in discussion .
Read at Unsung Films : Sightseers .
I have no doubt that the film would be sensational to watch in a cinema , but the sheer visual power , character intensity and use of cinematography and music meant that it still felt like a cinematic experience , even though I was sat in front of the television with my slippers on . A surreal experience , A Field in England drew me in slowly . The first fifteen minutes had me doubting the use of a slightly amateurish black and white aesthetic but my concerns were quickly shattered when the story began to twist , turn and crumble .
Reece Shearsmith fits into the genre and absurdity of the film and seems right at home amongst both the bizarre ad comical elements of this story that is reminiscent of The League of Gentlemen . Reece Shearsmith and Michael Smiley seem to give themselves over to the audience . Shearsmith , in particular , gives an energetic and exhausting performance that he should be thoroughly proud of . It felt like Werner Herzog had had some kind of influence on the performances and direction as well as several styles and scenes seeming familiar to Hammer Horror .
Amongst an abundance of inspiration and reference , whether deliberate or not , the film still carries the recognisable stamp of Wheatley . Kill List demonstrated Wheatley 's personal understanding of constructing the atmosphere and eeriness that so many contemporary horror films lack . Here , A Field in England has defined Wheatley as Britain 's most exciting and substantial horror director . As much as A Field in England was a directorially distinctive piece , this is also a Laurie Rose film . This cinematographer has certainly left his own mark here .
Whether or not the film enthralled you as much as it did me , there is no denying how poignant this simultaneous release is to British cinema . The film appears to have been very successful with critics and audiences of all platforms . It has been stressed that this release was quite unique and there is certainly no guarantee that this type of multiple platform premiering will work as successfully across the theatrical board but there is certainly something to be said for giving audiences a choice in terms of which way they view a film .
I would have loved to have seen A Field in England in the cinema but due to my location I was n't able to . Yet , thanks to Wheatley 's bold decision and risk I was able to view and enjoy the film in my other half 's living room . For once , the suffocation of independent cinemas in my home town did not cause me to miss out on important , exciting , and possibly revolutionary cinema . In the last few years cinema screenings of live theatre has become exceedingly popular across the UK . Paying a small percentage of the price , audiences are able to view live theatre in a different way . Nothing beats live theatre but it 's not always an option due to price and travel . The audio-landscape is changing . For the better or for the worse ? Who knows ? Still , it is refreshing to see filmmakers getting involved and taking the first noble steps towards the cinematic future . Wheatley , I salute you .
External links
A Field in England at IMDb
A Field in England at Wikipedia
A Field in England official website
Nine Absurd Ideas for The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings ( That Were Actually Considered )
at 2:11 pm by April 18 , 20132:11 pm by celedor
Thomas Edison once said that to truly reach your potential , you must consider all ideas before discarding the poor ones and developing the good ones . ( Actually , I just made that up . But it 's an internet tradition to attribute your own beliefs to a famous person to give your thoughts validation and respect . By the way , did I mention Tolkien wants you to buy my book ? )
The point is , sometimes there are ideas that seem crazy but actually work : like Dippin ' Dots and Larry the Cable Guy 's standup act . Other times , absurd ideas are really just absurd . Like these :
1 . The idea : The great wizard Bladorthin helps the dwarf Gandalf use Fimbulfami 's map to find Smaug in The Hobbit . Later , Odo , Frodo , Marmaduke ask Bingo if they can join him for some adventures in The Lord of the Rings .
Who thought of it : J.R.R . Tolkien
If the sentences above look wrong , do n't worry : Tolkien fixed everything before his books were published . But let 's just say he was n't good at creating names at the drop of a hat . Originally Gandalf was called Bladorthin ( a name that still appears in The Hobbit , but as just a throwaway line in “ Inside Information ” ) and Thorin was named Gandalf . In early drafts of The Lord of the Rings , Frodo was Bingo Bolger-Baggins , Pippin was Odo ( more or less ) , and Merry was Marmaduke . ( Well , it 's better than “ Larry the Cable Guy ” . ) And Aragorn ? He began life as Trotter before revealing his true name : Peregrin Boffin .
One of these days we 're going to find out that Christopher Tolkien began his life named Schnoodledoodle before J.R.R . revised his kids ' names and switched them around a few times .
2 . The Idea : The One Diamond Ring
Who thought of it : Rankin/Bass
“ What luck ! There 's an engagement ring in this unusually well lit cave . ”
Tolkien is remarkably consistent about the look of the One Ring . It 's a plain and featureless ring , save for writing that appears when it 's heated . Easy peasy for filmmakers , right ? Well , not for Rankin/Bass . This company spent three million dollars on a cartoon version of The Hobbit that was made for television in 1977 . Their original concept art is curious ; in it , the Ring is not so plain and featureless . That 's because it includes a diamond the size of Mirkwood that 's clearly worth more than the cartoon it 's in . Fortunately the diamond does n't appear in the finished product , although ( just to mess with the purists ) the Ring still has a design on it . ( At least without the diamond we 're spared Gollum asking , “ Is that a ring in its pocketses , or is it just happy to see us , precious ? ” )
3 . The Idea : The Hunchback of Mirkwood Forest
Who thought of it : Weta Workshop
You 're walking in Mirkwood Forest when a dark figure approaches . At first , you fear it 's a wild animal , but then you realize it 's worse : it 's really a twisted manlike creature , a hunchback so crouched over , he is almost walking on all fours .
Relax , it 's just Radagast . Or at least it would have been had a design by Weta Workshop 's Paul Tobin been used . For Jackson 's Hobbit films , Tobin developed the idea of “ hunchback ” Radagast before the concept was abandoned and the wizard was given his current look . I can only imagine Sylvestor McCoy 's relief… until he learned he was going to have bird poop in his hair .
4 . The idea : The Lord of the Rings story is presented as a flashback , narrated by Merry as he and Pippin try to convince Treebeard to fight for Middle-earth .
Who thought of it : Chris Conkling
“ Hoom… are you sure you should be telling me all this about Frodo and the Ring ? ”
Poor Chris Conkling , then only in his twenties , was a bit out of his league when he was chosen to write the screenplay for Ralph Bakshi 's animated Lord of the Rings . It was his first ( and last ) feature film project , and while he gave it his best shot ( trying six different story structures ) he was ultimately replaced as the film 's writer by Peter Beagle . ( Yes , that Peter Beagle . )
Conkling 's idea of telling the bulk of the story as a flashback in Fangorn Forest was cumbersome ( and presented some logic problems ) , so Beagle dropped it and came up with an idea of his own : he thought a prologue recounting the history of the Ring was a good way to begin a Lord of the Rings film . Interestingly , he was n't the last person named Peter to have this thought .
5 . The Idea : Strider is revealed to be… Bilbo ?
Who thought of it : J.R.R . Tolkien
Unlike George Lucas ( allegedly ) , the creators of Lost ( allegedly ) , and God ( allegedly ) , Tolkien was never one for planning everything out . Take Strider for example . Originally named Trotter ( as we 've already covered ) , Tolkien had no idea who this guy was when he introduced the character at Bree . It just seemed like a neat idea to have this dark stranger show up and offer help . Then he came up with a fascinating idea : what if Trotter is eventually revealed to be none other than Bilbo Baggins ? Bilbo , wearing a clever disguise and wooden shoes that make a clopping a sound , would take Frodo from Bree to Rivendell before his true identity was revealed .
“ Surprise , Frodo , it 's your Uncle Bilbo ! ”
Now you 're probably wondering a few things . Why would Bilbo try to hide is identity from Frodo ? And why would Frodo have trouble recognizing him ? And what 's with the wooden shoes ? Indeed , Tolkien himself had trouble with these questions , so he switched to plan B : Trotter became a long lost relative of Bilbo's… who wore wooden shoes . Still not satisfied , Tolkien kept working on the character , even considering prosthetic wooden feet before abandoning the concept and eventually creating the Strider we know and love .
6 . The idea : Gandalf forces Gimli to dig a hole and crawl into it before violently beating him .
Who thought of it : John Boorman
In 1970 , John Boorman wrote a screenplay for a Lord of the Rings movie for United Artists . It included a sexual relationship between Frodo and Galadriel , as well as a scene where Frodo is laid naked on a crystal table before a vast amphitheater of chanting Elves . But most noteworthy is a scene where Gimli is buried and beaten . Boorman 's idea was that outside the West-gate of Moria , Gandalf would lead Gimli through a primitive rebirthing ritual . After forcing the Dwarf to dig a hole and crawl into it , Gandalf covers the little guy with a cloak and violently beats him ( with verbal taunts ) until the Dwarf suddenly remembers his ancestral language , jumps out , and speaks the password to open the Doors of Durin .
Theoretical Tolkien fan watching theoretical Boorman Movie
Boorman later reflected on his screenplay in his autobiography : “ We had a script that we felt was fresh and cinematic , yet carried the spirit of Tolkien , a spirit we had come to admire and cherish during those months . It was a good and wondrous time . ”
Sadly , by the time the script was completed , there was a new executive at United Artists who was n't interested in Tolkien , and thus Boorman 's Lord of the Rings movie never came to fruition .
7 . The idea : Éowyn takes time out from delivering a baby to kill some Orcs .
Who thought of it : Peter Jackson
It seems that when Jackson and his team were writing The Lord of the Rings , any time things began to get a bit boring they threw in an Orc attack . Examples that were cut from the first film include an attack on the Fellowship as it approaches Lothlórien , an attack on the Fellowship boating down the Anduin River ( although , to be fair , this is in the book and would have probably been cool to see ) and an attack on Frodo and Sam at the end of the film as they are preparing to set off on their own . ( All of these were actually filmed , with the exception of the boating scene ; before that could be shot , the river rose and washed the set away . ) You might think that with The Two Towers , there would be no need to add an Orc attack , since there are “ 10,000 strong ” ready fight anyway . But Jackson originally wanted an Orc attack within this Orc attack . The idea ( which was filmed ) was that during the battle of Helm 's Deep , some marauding Orcs would break through the defense and enter the Glittering Caves , only to be cut down by Éowyn – who has just helped Morwen give birth ( giving Freda and Eothain a new sibling . )
Fortunately we were spared this midwife to action hero sequence when it was cut in the editing room . Thus we also do not get King Théoden 's thoughts following the battle as he holds the baby aloft :
“ To think that as we men were spilling blood on a battlefield of carnage , this small miracle was meeting the day like the first ray of sunlight on a fresh spring morn . ”
( Oh , and by the way , that speech was never in danger of being in the movie because I just made it up . )
8 . The idea : Boromir has a little sister : Éowyn .
Who thought of it : Miramax
“ I 'm not sure I like where this is going . ”
Way back in the dark ages – the 1990s – Peter Jackson was making The Lord of the Rings as a two film project for a studio named Miramax . From the beginning , they did n't like Jackson 's script . To be fair , neither did Jackson . His story was filled with characters and plot elements that lacked interest and served no purpose . But Jackson looked at his early drafts as a starting point ; he liked the process of rewriting screenplays time and time again to give the characters more depth and the plot elements more meaning with each pass . ( Indeed , this philosophy continued into the editing room . ) Miramax , on the other hand , thought less was more and would have been happy to take a chainsaw to the story to cut out the deadwood and redundancies . Eventually the Orc-dung hit the fan when the studio decided two films would be too expensive and demanded Jackson rewrite the movies to be one film . They even sent him a memo telling him how to do it . Their ideas : cut most of Moria , all of Helm 's Deep , and combine Rohan and Gondor into one Kingdom led by a character composite of Théoden and Denethor ( perhaps played by Bernard John Noble ? ) . Boromir would be kept , but Éomer would be cut and Faramir and Éowyn would be combined into one character : Boromir 's little sister . ( Suddenly that old Boorman script does n't seem so bad , does it ? ) Fortunately , New Line Cinema acquired the project from Miramax and made three films – or we Tolkien fans would be telling the nonfans to skip the live action movie and watch the cartoon adaptations instead .
9 . The idea : Sam takes the One Ring to Mount Doom himself .
Who thought of it : Morton Grady Zimmerman
Morton Zimmerman and some collaborators were keen to make a Lord of the Rings movie way back in the 1950s , just after the books were written . Like Boorman , Zimmerman had some creative ideas of his own : for example , his script gives the Balrog lines and has Gandalf turn the Ringwraiths to stone . But perhaps his most noteworthy idea is having Sam abandon Frodo to carry on the quest himself . As Zimmerman 's story goes , after Frodo is stung be Shelob , Sam leaves Frodo , takes the Ring , and journeys straight to Mount Doom . ( Talk about eliminating the middle man . ) Just as he 's about to destroy the Ring , he is attacked by Frodo , who in turn is attacked by Gollum . Tolkien found the script “ hasty , insensitive , and impertinent ” and Zimmerman 's adaptation was , like mortal men , doomed to die .
So what does it all mean ? Is there something inherently wrong with coming up with a wacky idea ? Of course not . As Peter Jackson once said , “ In any creative endeavor , it 's important to examine the different possibilities so that all options are explored , and you know that what you end up with is really the best choice . ”
Oh , and by the way , I made up that quote too . But hey , the sentiment is true !
J.W . Braun is a Tolkien scholar and author of The Lord of the Films , published by ECW Press in 2009 . To find out how you can win Tolkien related merchandise , visit his website blog for details on his Big Spring Giveaway .
A Turkish man called police after he spotted the rotting carcass of a two-headed dolphin on a beach .
Tugrul Metin , a 39-year-old gym teacher , saw the dead animal 's remains float ashore near Izmir , on Turkey 's west coast .
`` I noticed the dolphin in the sea and watched as it washed on to the beach , '' Metin said according to the Daily Mail . `` I could n't take it in at first . I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me ... I was completely shocked . ''
The dolphin was believed to be a one-year-old calf and measured just over 3.2ft in length , according to the Mirror .
The condition of having two heads is known as polycephaly . It can affect all sorts of animals , even humans .
Last year , a two-headed calf was born in Vermont . The heads were fully developed , allowing the animal to moo and eat through either head .
Like Us On Facebook |
Follow Us On Twitter |
Contact The Author
WASHINGTON — Note to Kerry : There was a war in Iraq .
For a while .
Wry observers noted Sunday that Secretary of State John Kerry made some unintentionally ironic comments when he went on the Sunday TV circuit to protest Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's invasion of Ukraine .
Kerry appeared on Face the Nation and Meet the Press to denounce Putin 's seizure of the Crimean peninsula , a semi-autonomous region of Ukraine . The onetime Massachusetts senator warned that billions of dollars in trade and investment were in the lurch , remarks that seemed prescient Monday as panicked Russian markets fell ten percent .
“ If Russia wants to be a G8 country , it needs to behave like a G8 country , ” Kerry told CBS 's Bob Schieffer on Meet the Press .
But it 's what Kerry said on the decision by one country to invade a second based on “ a completely trumped up context ” that raised eyebrows . ” You just do n't in the 21st century behave in 19th century fashion by invading another country on completely trumped up pretext , ” he told Meet the Press ' David Gregory .
“ You just do n't invade another country on phony pretext in order to assert your interests , ” he added .
“ Russia is inviting opprobrium on the international stage , ” he said .
Kerry voted for President George W. Bush 's U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2002 , and went on to defend his vote during his run for president in 2004 . Proponents claimed that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction , which were never found .
Gregory did n't mention Kerry 's vote or challenge his remarks .
You can watch Kerry 's comments below .
[ h/t : Salon.com ]
Wellington 's ANZ customers are in for a treat with a fully sequinned ATM machine installed in Willis Street to celebrate diversity and inclusion .
Sedate inner-city banking has been transformed with ANZ unveiling four fabulous `` GAYTMs '' in Auckland and Wellington to celebrate diversity and inclusion for New Zealand 's rainbow community .
Dripping with rhinestones , the customised cash machines were accompanied today by ANZ staff dressed as their drag queen alter-egos , a colourful scene that stopped passersby in their tracks .
`` I think it 's awesome , '' said one woman as she photographed the sparkling spectacle in Wellington 's Willis St today .
The art installations celebrated the bank 's partnership with Auckland 's Pride Festival , which would run throughout this month , and Wellington 's Out In The Park on February 14 , and marked its accreditation into the Rainbow Tick programme .
The machines welcomed customers with rainbow-friendly messages on their screens and printed `` out and proud '' on receipts .
Proceeds from the use of non-ANZ customer cards at the GAYTMs would be donated to OUTline , a counselling service for people dealing with gender and sexuality issues . Kiwis could also win free tickets to the Sydney Mardi Gras by posting glamorous videos and photos to # GAYTMNZ as part of ANZ 's social media campaign .
The bank copied the concept from ANZ in Australia , which introduced GAYTMs last year to celebrate Sydney Mardi Gras .
ANZ 's chief financial officer , Antonia Watson , the executive sponsor of the bank 's Pride Network , said it aimed to encourage staff to be themselves at work .
However , she said the move also made good business sense for the bank , `` given the make-up of our staff and customers '' .
Rainbow Tick programme director Michael Stevens said the bank had also received a special commendation for its work with transgender staff .
ANZ computer programmer Conrad Johnston , who moonlighted today as the very flamboyant 'LaQuisha St Redfern ' at Wellington 's GAYTM , agreed that the fun campaign had a serious message .
He said the banking industry had been transformed in recent years in how those with different gender orientations were treated .
`` I took my job at ANZ because I knew they were supportive . ''
ANZ 's Wellington regional manager , Andrew Newbery , said the bank was eager to promote a culture that embraced diversity .
He was amazed to see the public 's positive reaction to the sparkling machine in Willis St .
The four GAYTMs are at 312 Ponsonby Road , 122 Karangahape Road , and 45 Queen St in Auckland , and 22 Willis St in Wellington , throughout February .
Several big banks had come out recently as unlikely champions for greater acceptance of the rainbow community .
Westpac reportedly `` soared '' through the Rainbow Tick accreditation process last year .
Just last week , the bank released a survey which found only two thirds of people felt comfortable working with someone who was lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender ( LGBT ) .
Nearly one in three LGBT workers had been made to feel uncomfortable at work , compared to one in 10 of those outside the community .
Westpac 's general manager retail bank , Ian Blair , said New Zealanders might believe they were open-minded and accepting , but their actions had not caught up .
`` For example , some sayings and language that is used almost subconsciously is outdated in the 21st century , '' he said .
`` Take the word gay which originates from homophobia and is still used to shame or describe something that is a bit lame – 'oh , that 's gay ' . ''
ASB , which was the first bank to earn the Rainbow Tick , has also taken a firm stand .
After Olympic swimming legend Ian Thorpe came out as gay , the bank added a specific diversity clause making it clear that sexuality , gender identity or ethnicity had no bearing on its sponsorship arrangements .
ASB chief executive Barbara Chapman said it needed to be explicitly put out there , and challenged other corporate sponsors to follow suit .
ASB sponsors the New Zealand Falcons gay rugby club , a decision which Chapman said had been supported by `` 99.9 per cent '' of people she spoke with .
While a few had cautioned against it , both within the bank and outside , she had made the call anyway , she said .
The Ponsonby artwork was designed by Kiwi artist Reuben Paterson , who explained his unique creation in this video .
Nagpur : Nagpur University administration always complains about lack of funds , but an RTI query has revealed there is a huge jump in its deposits kept in nationalized banks . In the last four years , the deposits have increased by a whopping Rs 350 crore . Naturally , the interest being earned on them has also jumped by Rs 30 crore in the same period . The RTI query was filed by activist Abhay Kolarkar.As per the reply by NU public information officer ( PIO ) , NU had deposits of Rs 208.85 crore in 2012-13 which rose to Rs 556.35 crore by last financial year . The interest accrued on this amount was Rs 13.55 crore in 2012-13 which increased to Rs 43.85 crore in the last fiscal.On the other hand , there has been a big drop in donations received by the university in the last three years years . In 2013-14 , it had received Rs 28.50 lakh as donations from various quarters which came down to just Rs 5.50 lakh last year , a cause of concern for the university , according to Kolarkar.NU however failed to answer the query on where the interest earned was spent . It informed that the amount was reinvested into deposits . NU also evaded query on whether the interest was spent on students and on what projects . It only informed the money was spent on student welfare activities. # NU deposits in last 4 years : Year -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Deposits -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Interest2012-13 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 205.85 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 13.552013-14 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 378.78 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 11.462014-15 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 475.25 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 35.862015-16 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 556.35 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 43.85 ( * Deposits & interest in Rs crore ) # Donations received by NU in last 4 yrs : Year -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Donations ( in Rs lakh ) 2012-13 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -142013-14 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -28.502014-15 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 11.752015-16 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -5.50
The Wispr recently hit the market and has given a previously untapped segment of the smoking population something to shout about . The Wispr is a new product from the world 's leading manufacturer of portable herbal vaporizers , Oglesby & Butler , designed by the groovy folks of Thing Tank in San Francisco . After some serious design research on usage and feedback on Oglesby & Butler 's successful IOLITE vaporizer , Thing Tank went to work , improving on the original technology and transforming the form . Explains Chris Luomanen , Principal of Thing Tank :
From a form perspective , this is a dream brief for a product designer . It 's a category that does n't know what it looks like yet . When radios first came out and people made them look like churches and fireplaces because nobody knew what a radio looked like .
The butane-powered catalytic heater uses a grill to disperse heat which presents a challenge in keeping the vaporizer cool . Instead of burning the herb , it heats it to a temperature that vaporizes the active elements and creates a vapor that users inhale . Luckily for users , according to a recent NYTimes article on vaporizing , `` Vaporized marijuana is virtually free of whatever toxic properties come with burning the plant , '' said Dr. Lester Grinspoon , an associate professor emeritus of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School . ''
Packaging and Branding by Sequitur Creative
Packaging and Branding by Sequitur Creative
Read on to hear more from Thing Tank about the design process for the new Wispr and check out their rad video with Sequitur Creative on how to use it .
Language English
This talk focuses on showcasing examples of the GO programming language being utilized to rapidly prototype , and ultimately maintain software designed to perform common or useful post-exploitation tasks . Source code for each feature will be provided , and is intended to exaggerate the limited amount of code and code familiarity required to construct relatively complex payloads capable of performing offensive security tasks fully either in an automated , or fully antonymous context .
Carl is a Customer Solutions Consultant for the recently consolidated Cisco Security Solutions group , where he performs a variety of security assessment types . As information security professional , as well as personal hobbyist , his passion is to continually research ever increasingly elaborate methods of elegantly executed hypothetical crime .
Color color Identifier P-G_Ohst_Exploitation Scanner Internet Archive Python library 0.9.1 Sound sound
For anyone who paid even passing attention to the U.S. housing crisis in 2008 , the term “ jingle mail ” will be familiar .
Widespread financial shenanigans during the run-up in house prices in the early 2000s—like subprime lending and dodgy approvals—resulted in a very painful housing crash and recession . Suddenly millions of Americans could no longer keep up with their payments , and as the value of their homes dropped , they slipped ‘ underwater ' on their mortgages . In other words , they owed more than their homes were worth . But since certain American states have so-called “ no recourse ” legislation , which restricts mortgage lenders from suing borrowers to recover their losses , homeowners who are underwater on their mortgages can simply walk away from their homes .
And many did . Hence the term jingle mail , the ( albeit rare ) practice of people mailing their house keys back to the bank .
In the wake of the U.S. crash , a lot of questions have been asked about the strength and stability of Canada 's housing market , with its sky-high prices and deeply indebted households . And the matter of whether Canadians could also walk away from their homes has frequently been raised . But as is often pointed out , Canada is n't America . While mortgage rules in Canada differ by province , all are full recourse with the sole exceptions being Alberta and Saskatchewan in situations where borrowers have not purchased mortgage default insurance ( such as from CMHC ) . Where full recourse rules apply across Canada , lenders are entitled to pursue mortgage shortfalls in civil court under normal lawsuit provisions . So lenders file a statement of claim against a delinquent borrower , obtain a judgment , and then get an execution order to enforce the judgement to recover their losses . Case closed , lender made as whole as possible .
Indeed the legal risk faced by borrowers who try to walk away from their loans is so great , it 's been frequently held up as an argument for why Canada wo n't see anything like a U.S.-style housing crash and its repercussions for the economy . ( Never mind that a 2010 study by the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond found that several states hit the hardest by the U.S. housing crash—such as Florida , Nevada , Illinois and Michigan—had some element of recourse for lenders . ) That 's certainly the position now widely held by Canadians , as well as people who invest in Canada , such as big international institutions , mutual funds , sovereign funds , hedge funds .
WATCH : 5 signs Canada is in the grips of real estate mania
Only it 's not that straightforward .
What is far less known is the fact that insolvency legislation in Canada supersedes a lender 's right to sue a homeowner for a shortfall . In other words : if a homeowner who is unable to make mortgage payments files either a personal bankruptcy or a proposal in Canada , the shortfall ( now unsecured ) is included in the insolvency proceeding and fully dischargeable .
It 's the Canadian insolvency version of America 's jingle mail .
Let 's step back for a moment . A mortgage is , of course , a secured debt . The lender has the security of the asset in case of default . But in the event of a shortfall ( and default ) , that secured debt becomes unsecured—just like any credit card or unsecured line of credit—and the lender must then rely on civil court to collect on the loss ( shortfall ) .
But a lender can not take court action when a Canadian insolvency proceeding is underway , nor afterward as the debts are then legally discharged .
Therefore , you can essentially walk away from your home in Canada , no matter the amount of the shortfall , if you file a bankruptcy or a proposal with a Licensed Insolvency Trustee . The estimated shortfall gets included as a normal unsecured debt for which the lender files a proof of claim , and it is discharged . No other recourse is available in the courts to the lender .
In my experience , this is a very little-known fact , even among those who are quite financially sophisticated .
Our firm has filed insolvencies for many people in these types of situations . Often , there is a triggering event : a job loss , an illness of a primary income-earner in a family or a divorce . Mortgage payments become simply too much to handle ( often after many months of doing everything possible to continue staying current ) , and the homeowner either defaults or just informs the bank that he or she can no longer maintain the mortgage payments .
But in the event of a housing market drop or crash , those who bought most recently with high-leveraged mortgages will be underwater quickly . A 10 per cent down payment goes underwater with anything more than a 10 per cent drop in prices . And that does n't even factor in selling costs and other outlays , which are much higher than most people realize . Insurers in Canada routinely report average severities ( i.e . losses on seized properties ) in excess of 25 per cent . There 's nowhere in Canada where prices are down that much from their peak , however in the GTA the average price for a detached home is down more than 16 per cent since the high in April .
If that situation persists , many may decide that the financial burden of keeping up with monthly payments on a mega-mortgage for an asset that is declining in value is simply not worth it .
Let 's look at an example . Say a homebuyer put $ 100,000 down on a $ 700,000 semi-detached home earlier this year . Perhaps that down payment came from years of saving , or as is more common these days , the Bank of Mom and Dad coughed up the money . Either way , they took out a $ 600,000 mortgage .
Four months later , the value of the house has fallen 20 per cent ( $ 140,000 ) , so the house is now worth $ 560,000 . Suddenly the homeowner 's mortgage is at least $ 40,000 underwater ( plus cost of sale , etc . again ) .
Now to be clear , there 's no shortfall simply by virtue of dropping house prices . If there 's no default , there 's no actual shortfall . No harm , no foul . If that homeowner keeps making her regular mortgage payments , she keeps her house .
Also , banks do n't want to be homeowners , even if they have the right to in the event of a default . They will usually work with you within their own parameters ( and always within any statutory rules ) to see that you satisfy any deficiency and maintain your mortgage standing .
But a ‘ shortfall ' occurs when there 's a default sufficient to trigger a power of sale , to use the Ontario example . ( Legislation differs from province to province , with some using power of sale proceedings and others relying on a foreclosure process , but both achieve the same end via different courses of action . ) In such circumstances , not only is the home worth less than the value of the mortgage , the homeowner has stopped making payments . The lender is then facing a loss and has full recourse to force the borrower to repay her debt .
WATCH : What the average Toronto house price can buy around the world
So how does this legal route out of recourse work ?
Simply put : file a legal insolvency , either a personal bankruptcy or a consumer proposal . Both provide the same stay of proceedings on creditors . That means any existing lawsuits are stayed , as are any potential ones . Both achieve the same end : eliminating all unsecured debt—including taxes owing—with a full legal release . But the two processes unfold differently .
If your house is underwater and you file bankruptcy , the Trustee wo n't seize the house and sell it because there is no equity for the estate . Indeed , there is n't even enough value to make the mortgage lender whole . It 's more technical than that , but that 's the gist . The bank is stayed from taking legal action ( power of sale or foreclosure , depending on the province ) to get what it can . The bankruptcy fully discharges the shortfall as a ( now ) unsecured debt , just like all other debts dischargeable in bankruptcy : credit cards , unsecured lines of credit , income tax arrears , older student loans , etc .
( CMHC , the federal mortgage insurer , can only pursue you for the difference between the sale price and the insured price if the mortgage default occurred after the date of bankruptcy – but nobody in such a situation defaults after they file , so this never really happens . Even if they somehow did n't have notice of the bankruptcy , they may commence action to recover the shortfall but it 's stayed by the bankruptcy anyway . )
In a proposal , the same effect is achieved : the full legal release of the mortgage shortfall . Also , the same protections as in bankruptcy ( a legal stay ) are provided . But in this situation the mortgage borrower is ‘ proposing ' terms—a single monthly payment of principle only ( zero per cent interest ) over 60 months or less . The creditors will usually accept much less than the total debt owing . The terms are set to provide a greater return than the creditors would have received if a bankruptcy had been filed instead . Also , the credit rating carried afterwards is better than that of a bankruptcy .
But in a proposal the creditors as a group get to vote on the terms proposed . A basic majority ( 51 per cent ) of proven claims carries the proposal . So if a person had $ 50,000 in various credit card debts and tax arrears , and another $ 50,000 in a shortfall on a mortgage , the total unsecured debt is $ 100,000 , for which creditor votes totalling $ 51,000 would carry the proposal . Creditors voting against can not opt out , either : they participate in the proposal 's dividends if they prove a claim , even if their vote was against . All of this can only be administered by a licensed insolvency trustee . The mortgage lender who suffered the shortfall would then recoup a percentage of its losses via the proposal dividends .
So , to recap : in both a bankruptcy and a proposal the mortgage shortfall is fully discharged but you do not keep your house . You are walking away . I emphasize this because normally a proposal allows one to keep their house ( and all other assets ) if there is equity . In fact , most people will file proposals for exactly that reason . Obviously in a shortfall situation , there is no equity . Both filings allow you to walk away from an otherwise full recourse mortgage if they choose . Jingle , jingle .
Full recourse on mortgages in Canada , then ? Absolutely . But not when filing a bankruptcy or a proposal . And a proposal may be a very realistic option for many Canadians on the wrong end of a bursting real estate bubble .
Scott Terrio is Manager , Consumer Insolvency at Hoyes Michalos & Associates Inc. , Licensed Insolvency Trustees at Hoyes.com . Follow him on Twitter @ ScottTerrioHMA
MORE ABOUT REAL ESTATE :
Jeff Hanneman of Slayer has died at the age of 49 .
The band just posted the following to their Facebook page .
Slayer is devastated to inform that their bandmate and brother , Jeff Hanneman , passed away at about 11AM this morning near his Southern California home . Hanneman was in an area hospital when he suffered liver failure . He is survived by his wife Kathy , his sister Kathy and his brothers Michael and Larry , and will be sorely missed .
Our Brother Jeff Hanneman , May He Rest In Peace ( 1964 – 2013 )
In early 2011 , Hanneman contracted necrotizing fasciitis . It is assumed he contacted the disease from a spider bite . Exodus guitarist Gary Holt had been filling in for Hanneman since . There is no word if the liver failure was a complication from necrotizing fasciitis or not .
Photo by Timothy Westmorland .
CLOSE The Women 's March on Washington announced its Artist Table on Monday , revealing a list of celebrities expected to march alongside over 100,000 women the day after President-elect Donald Trump is inaugurated . Time
Ithaca is among more than 600 cities planning marches Saturday in solidarity with the Women 's March on Washington
A map of the route for the Women 's March on Ithaca . ( Photo : Provided photo )
One of the key themes of the Women 's March on Washington on Saturday — one day after Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States — is solidarity .
The spirit of unity among the more-than 200,000 people expected to march in the nation 's capital has extended across the country , sparking sister marches in many communities , including downtown Ithaca on Saturday .
The Women 's March on Ithaca , which was organized by Ithaca resident Amanda Champion , begins at 10 a.m. Saturday with a one-mile march around downtown beginning at City Hall and ending at the Ithaca Commons for an 11:30 rally .
“ This is an event to promote women 's rights and our solidarity , and standing up for what we believe in , which may differ from the administration , ” Champion said . “ We want to be clear that this is n't necessarily a protest against Trump , but we are concerned citizens uniting to speak up . ”
According the Ithaca event 's Facebook page , more than 1,400 people say they are attending and more than 2,800 are interested in attending as of noon Tuesday . The march is one of 616 sister marches around the country Saturday , according to the Women 's March on Washington website . More than 1 million people are expected to take part in the marches .
Champion stressed that people of all races , genders and ages are invited to march and attend the rally at the Bernie Milton Pavilion on the Commons . She said speakers at the rally will speak on political issues of concern to women , the LGBTQ community , race , people with disabilities and “ all those who fight for human rights. ” Speakers include former Tompkins County Poet Laureate Michelle Courtney Berry , county historian Carol Kammen , Planned Parenthood of the Southern Finger Lakes Director Angela Riddell and 2017 Tompkins County Poet Laureate Zee Zahava .
A few days after the election , Champion said , she was despondent about the results , heard about the march in Washington , D.C. , and was interested in attending . Like many people who wanted to attend , the logistics of traveling to the capital were not realistic . Champion thought a march in Ithaca would be a great idea and put the idea on Facebook . Once she had a handful of people willing to help organize the event , the planning started . She said the reaction has been a nice surprise .
“ It 's pretty overwhelming ; I 'm delighted , ” Champion said . “ The support has been amazing , and the numbers of people interested in attending is skyrocketing every day . I think as we get closer to the inauguration , more and more people are seeing what 's happening . It 's wonderful . I 'm definitely nervous about it all working out smoothly . ”
Champion said about 10 women have helped plan the event from the start , and that it would not have happened without them . She added there have been a handful of Facebook messages from people against the event , but she expects a peaceful day . The Ithaca Police Department has been invited to mingle with the crowd , Champion said .
Follow @ SteinTime44 on Twitter
Read or Share this story : http : //ithacajr.nl/2k1rVlP
You 're hurt . We get that .
You are disappointed ? We understand .
And now all these high and mighty Alabama fans are telling you that you are n't allowed to express your displeasure ? Screw that !
20-year-olds are adults , and they need to be held accountable for their actions !
How dare those sanctimonious `` A-Club Holes '' restrict your rights to free speech !
Would n't you like the chance to shut them up ?
Presenting ...
The Roll Bama Roll Fan Speech Certificate
Working with the teams at Learfield Sports , SB Nation and the ACLU , Roll Bama Roll will issue legal certificates , which give the designee full moral authority to say whatever you want about Alabama student-athletes who do n't play to a certain standard . The certificates are free , and can be obtained in the following fashion :
Please register below in the comments , with your name , address , email and phone number Enroll in the Enhanced Athletics Taunting - Students Harboring Incompetence Training program Arrive on the University of Alabama campus by 5 a.m. each weekday , for the duration of 10-week course
Report to this guy : via media.al.com
Lift weights for 50 minutes Run stadium steps at Bryant-Denny ten times Watch other participants laugh at you for spitting up your breakfast Run 16 sprints , 100 meters each . *
* - Step 8 can be optionally replaced with 32 sprints , at the participant 's discretion .
Here is our video teaser for the experience :
Once you complete the E.A.T . - S.H.I.T . orientation , you will be presented with your certificate , which you can proudly display in every message board , forum , blog or website as your permission to tell young men that they have no worth , and will never amount to anything in life . Once you 've finished the course , many of those young men will even respect your opinion on such matters .
Please -- troll responsibly , and only with your proper certification .
Every week , a selection of leading experts answer a new question from Judy Dempsey on the foreign and security policy challenges shaping Europe 's role in the world .
Cornelius Adebahr Associate in Carnegie 's Europe Program
The EU is not quite sleeping , but it is watching the Western Balkans as if it were not affected by events there . Worse , the union does not have the right tools to address the challenges emanating from the region . The shootings in Macedonia on May 9–10 are therefore highly symbolic : whatever happened in the town of Kumanovo and why it happened now , the events show a dangerous mix of criminal networks and ethnic tensions in a weak political environment—a common feature in the region . The EU 's enlargement policy , however , is geared toward governments willing to implement reforms in the interests of their citizens . If Western ambassadors now voice their “ serious doubt on the government of Macedonia 's commitment to the democratic principles and values of the Euro-Atlantic community , ” they will also have to make clear how real progress is possible . While the European Commission that entered office in November 2014 announced five years of enlargement consolidation , Macedonia has just been through five years of standstill—if not backsliding . The country 's naming dispute with Greece , which objects to Skopje 's use of the name Macedonia without a geographical qualifier , prevented it from formally advancing toward either EU or NATO membership . It is now widely accepted that the EU 's neighborhood policy was not up to the task of dealing with Ukraine and Russia before 2014 . The review of the policy currently under way tries to rectify this shortcoming . The EU should consider a similar Copernican revolution for its enlargement policy , which also needs more classical foreign policy tools to deal with a still-unstable region .
Kurt Bassuener Senior associate at the Democratization Policy Council in Sarajevo
I fear that the way the EU is approaching the Western Balkans is much the same as the way it is approaching the Southern Mediterranean—North Africa and the Middle East . That is , stability is paramount and trumps progress and democracy . As a result , the union risks aligning itself with increasingly illiberal and authoritarian regimes and figures by default , and mistaking their power for stability . So in Bosnia and Herzegovina , a new EU initiative for the country 's European path puts the union at risk of being seen by citizens as allied with unaccountable political elites . Once a process or initiative is declared and backed at a high level , it has to be deemed a success , whatever the reality . Hope of resuscitating the stalled dialogue between Serbia and Kosovo acts as a brake on criticism of governments in both Belgrade and Prishtina , whose policies are out of step with EU values and commitments . In Macedonia , the government of Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski is embroiled in a massive scandal—conveniently punctuated by a sanguinary operation against separatists . If the EU wants the citizens of these countries on side , it will need not only to be more vocal in defense of its values but also to hold these governments to account—including financially—when they violate those values .
Kristof Bender Deputy chairman of the European Stability Initiative
Yes . The EU says it has one vision for the region : to integrate all the countries into a union of democracies with market economies . The union has a tool for this—an accession process that offers a sense of direction for reformers and investors . But for many years , trust in the EU 's enlargement policy has been declining everywhere : in EU member states , in candidate countries , among those who govern , and among those in opposition . It is as if the whole region is waiting for Godot—for a European future that will never arrive and does not depend on what is being done now . Nowhere has the corrosive effect of this trend been more devastating than in Macedonia . A decade ago , the country was a front-runner in the reform process , but today , it suffers from every Balkan ill : paralysis , a devastated economy , polarization , fear of conflict , and a complete lack of perspective . So what is to be done ? First , the EU needs to define clear redlines on core human rights issues that hold for all countries . Such issues include the abuse of secret services , the imprisonment or mistreatment of journalists , and blatant interventions in the judiciary . When these lines are crossed , the EU should say so loudly and clearly . Second , the European Commission needs to make its assessments of candidate countries in its annual progress reports clear , fair , transparent , and readable . Third , the EU should stop discouraging Bosnia and Herzegovina from submitting an application for membership during 2015 . Fourth , Albania deserves to receive a date for accession talks to begin later this year , also as a signal to its neighbors . Finally , the EU should stop seeing Kosovo as an adjunct to its Serbia policy . The way the union has handled the visa liberalization process for Kosovo has been disgraceful—neither strict nor fair .
Stefan Lehne Visiting scholar at Carnegie Europe
There are two situations in which a country finds the EU wide awake and fully focused : first , when people get killed ; and second , when the state is close to becoming an EU member and the union worries whether it is capable of implementing EU legislation . Most of the Western Balkan countries today are reasonably stable and still far from EU membership . It is therefore understandable that the crises in the Eastern and Southern neighborhoods have deflected attention away from the region . The EU remains engaged in the Western Balkans , though not at the necessary level to put the region firmly on track toward membership . Paradoxically , the EU 's record is worst in the country where the union achieved its greatest success . In 2001 , the EU played a crucial role in averting civil war in Macedonia and creating a new basis for interethnic relations—the Ohrid Agreement . In 2009 , the European Commission recommended the beginning of accession talks , but these were and remain blocked by Greece because of an ongoing dispute over the use of the name Macedonia . This blockage on Macedonia 's path toward EU membership contributed to a serious deterioration of democratic governance and to the possible return of interethnic tensions . The bloodshed in Kumanovo , where eight police officers and fourteen gunmen were killed on May 9–10 , should be a wake-up call . Direct engagement by the EU 's top political leaders is needed to finally break the deadlock and avert a dangerous new Balkan crisis .
Alexandra Stiglmayer Secretary general and senior analyst at the European Stability Initiative
The answer is yes , the EU is sleeping . It is now twelve years since EU leaders offered the Western Balkans a membership perspective . Instead of working intensively on bringing the countries of the region into shape , the EU has turned the preaccession process—the steps taken before the start of official accession negotiations—into a drawn-out obstacle course overburdened by conditions . The union has also neglected the region 's economic dimension , believing that preaching the necessity of a conducive business environment will be enough to improve the situation and attract investment . It has not been enough . People are dissatisfied with their living standards . The recent ( irregular ) mass exodus of Kosovars to the EU was a sign of their desperation . Russia has begun to meddle , and there have been incidents like the shoot-out in the Macedonian town of Kumanovo on May 9–10 . Both the area around Kumanovo and neighboring Kosovo , where most of the alleged attackers are from , belong to the poorest regions of the Balkans . The EU needs to make the Western Balkans fit for accession as soon as possible—politically , but also economically . This includes opening up parts of the EU labor market to workers from the region . This would not only be a political signal , but the resulting remittances would also help bridge the gap until the region 's economies pick up . Germany and many other EU countries already face shortages in certain professions—why do n't European states offer jobs to people from the Western Balkans ?
Ivan Vejvoda Senior vice president for programs at the German Marshall Fund of the United States
A demonstrator holds a newspaper with the headline `` Black day for the press '' during a protest outside the Cumhuriyet newspaper headquarters in Istanbul , Turkey , November 27 , 2015 . REUTERS/Osman Orsal
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday said he was troubled by trends in Turkey against a free press and said he had urged President Tayyip Erdoğan not to pursue a strategy of repression and shutting down democratic debate in his country .
Obama , speaking to reporters at the conclusion of a nuclear security summit , said Turkey 's cooperation with the United States had been critical on a number of international issues despite disagreements between the two countries .
Two high-profile journalists are on trial in Turkey for publishing footage that purportedly showed Turkey 's intelligence agency shipping truckloads of weapons to opposition fighters in Syria in early 2014 .
Erdoğan has said he will continue to sue anyone who insults him in Turkey , where journalists and critics of the president have been put in prison .
“ I think the approach that they 've been taking towards the press is one that could lead Turkey down a path that would be very troubling , ” Obama said .
“ ( Erdoğan ) came into office with a promise of democracy , and Turkey has historically been a country in which deep Islamic faith has lived side by side with modernity and an increasing openness . And that 's the legacy that he should pursue , rather than a strategy that involves repression of information and shutting down democratic debate . ”
It 's finally happened . I 've been banned from the internet . Which is amazing , considering some of the creeps on there .
I 'm exaggerating , of course . It 's what I do . All the time . See ?
Here 's the real story . For those of you who are new to this column and who do n't like reading archives , I launched a quest last Christmas Eve for 10,000 friends on facebook.com . For those of you who are older than I am , facebook.com is a community website where college students try to hook up with other college students and send each other chain mail . Sometimes an occasional comedian drops by to create a biting social commentary and get a ton of publicity . And chain mail .
By mid January , I had 15,000 friends . I expanded the quest , and sought 100,000 friends . I got that a few months later . Did I stop there ? If you think I did , you must really be new to this column .
I kept adding friends and friends kept adding me , totaling up to about 200,000 . And then , the crash came .
Facebook 's programmers were not expecting to run into someone quite as obsessive as Steve Hofstetter . So with more than 1 % of every college student in the world on my friends list , the site started slowing down .
That 's understandable . Before I came around , facebook 's biggest concern was girls who displayed their cleavage and phone numbers and then wondered why people would call them . I , on the other hand , wondered which strip club will eventually hire them . You may think I 'm mean , but anyone who ca n't figure out that removing a phone number from a website will prevent random phone calls is n't suited for a day job . Or at least a job I can write about in a family newspaper .
But then came my friend quest . My quest amounted to millions of extra page-views , especially once people started copying me . There are several hundred friend questers now , though none of them ever broke 100,000 . Just call me Wilt Chamberlain , because my record will stand . His points record , you pervert .
When facebook emailed me this weekend , I understood the situation was tense . My page was simply too big , and was slowing the site down for everyone . I never wanted that to happen  how could I live with myself if I was the reason there were fewer college hookups ? That 'd put me in the same category as herpes and RAs .
So I made a suggestion . I never thought I would say this , but it seemed the only possible solution .
`` Reset me . ''
And they did .
Gone was my mammoth friend list . Gone was my two degrees of separation from almost every college student in the world . But most importantly , gone was my chain mail . Hello , silver lining .
The facebook people were nice enough to accommodate me all this time , and nice enough not to boot me once I was starting to , well , ruin their site . Instead of deleting my profile , they simply rolled back my odometer . The funniest part is that they did it overnight , and by the time I woke up I had 22 new friend requests . I have a feeling that by next year they 'll have to roll it back again , or I may have to get a new car entirely .
I have experienced some very cool things through the quest  new friends , a documentary made about me , and an eerie window into just how dumb people can be .
`` I know your profile explains everything , and so does your picture , and you just told me , but who are you ? ''
The chain mail may have stopped , but I still get those dumb `` who are you '' messages . And I probably always will .
`` I just saw you doing standup at a club . Are you a comedian ? ''
Facebook will always have a special place in my heart and if it is every written , my biography . I thank the staff for not hating me for slowing their site , and I thank the 200,000 people who went with me on my ridiculous journey . Though I feel like a chapter of my life has been closed , I know it 's only a matter of time before boredom and obsessiveness lead me to write a new one .
There 's always MySpace .
Steve Hofstetter is the author of the Student Body Shots books , which are available at SteveHofstetter.com and bookstores everywhere . He can be e-mailed at steve @ stevehofstetter.com .
 New Arkansas women 's basketball coach Mike Neighbors may be short on numbers for next season , but he is building for the future .
Lawton , Okla. , Eisenhower wing and 2019 prospect Ginger Reece ( 5-10 ) committed to the Razorbacks on Wednesday .
`` I decided to become a Razorback because I absolutely love Coach Neighors and ( assistant ) Coach Todd ( Schaefer ) , '' Reece said . `` I had already built a relationship with them at Washington .
`` Another reason is the other coaching staff that I met ( assistant coach ) Lacey ( Goldwire ) , I really liked her and felt like I started building a bond with her also . Finally because of the vibe I got when I was there . It felt as if it were home . ''
Reece averaged 14.2 points , 5.4 rebounds , 2.3 steals and 2 assists per game in 27 games as a sophomore .
She is a three-star prospect and the No . 5 recruit nationally at her position , according to ESPN , and the No . 59 recruit in the country and a four-star prospect , according to Prospect Nation .
Neighbors signed a pair of 2017 signees in former Malvern and Chipola , Fla. , College junior guard Raven Northcross-Baker ( 5-7 ) and Arlington , Texas , forward Taylah Thomas ( 6-1 ) in the spring signing period .
He 's also added a pair of transfers in Oklahoma 's Chelsea Dungee ( 5-11 ) and Florida State 's A'Tyanna Gaulden ( 5-7 ) , who must both redshirt next season .
John Abraham 's upcoming venture , ‘ Parmanu – The Story of Pokhran ' , appears to be an intriguing and interesting movie from the day it has been announced . It is a covert government operation event around which the movie is premised .
Actor John Abraham will be seen in the movie as the main lead actor and he is also the co-producer and that makes the expectations from the movie pretty high .
We have already seen one poster from the movie which had whole political map of the region of Rajasthan , with a marking of Pokhran on it , then we saw the glimpse of the leading lady in the movie Diana Penty in army uniform and now the actor has revealed another poster of the movie that brings forth the actor 's look for the movie as well as a glimpse of the test site .
In the poster we see the actor walking forward while in his background we see arid terrains of Pokran , a military camp base adorned with a group of army jeeps , vans etc .
The movie ‘ Parmanu – the story of Pokhran ' is directed by Abhishek Sharma and co KriArj Entertainment , Zee Studios , Kyta Productions in association with Abraham 's JA Entertainment .
The movie is all set to release on 8th December 2017 .
You May Also Like
John Abraham Upcoming Movies
Bollywood Movies 2017
Upcoming Movies List
Box Office Collection
Comments
Leave it to an imbecilic anti-gay hate group to accidentally steal music from one of the world 's most popular bands , The XX ( with two out of three openly gay members ) , to use in a homophobic commercial .
In the Name of the Family , a Christian anti-gay hate group in Croatia , is being sued for using the British band 's song `` Intro '' in a new commercial supporting a ban on marriage equality , which is up for referendum in the country on December 1 .
According to Gay Star News , a representative for the band sent a letter to members of the Croatian Parliament for advice on moving forward with a lawsuit . `` Management are looking to pursue this . Obviously the band are completely at odds with what the movement stands for and want to take appropriate action , '' reads part of the letter .
The XX is quite popular in Croatia , actually , and performed at the Terraneo Festival in 2012 .
( Source : Gay Star News )
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
July 21 , 2017 , 1:43 PM GMT / Updated July 21 , 2017 , 2:37 PM GMT By Ari Melber and Brandon Katz
The Constitution grants the president an absolute , unilateral pardon power for federal offenses .
The president may legally pardon people for specific or broad federal criminal acts , and while somewhat unusual , the president may legally do so before any judicial proceeding regarding the acts is complete — before prosecution , for example .
The Washington Post reported Thursday that President Donald Trump asked advisers about his power to pardon aides , family members and even himself in connection with special counsel Robert Mueller 's investigation into Russia . NBC has not confirmed the report . Trump 's lawyer , John Dowd , called the story `` nonsense . ''
`` The president 's lawyers are cooperating with special counsel Robert Mueller on behalf of the president , '' Dowd said .
The courts have specifically upheld pardons granted in situations where no charges had been filed yet . That approach to early or `` pre-emptive '' pardons is certainly controversial and may spark legislative and public debate , but it is generally lawful as a matter of precedent .
Courts have upheld pardons of a military officer before he was charged with any crime , and upheld the famous pardon of former President Richard Nixon for any crimes in office , which was given by his successor , Gerald Ford , when Nixon had not been charged .
In the Nixon case , the Supreme Court held a pardon may be granted `` before federal charges are brought , after conviction and sentencing , or anytime in between . ''
President Richard M. Nixon is shown pointing to the transcripts of the White House tapes in this April 29 , 1974 , file photo , after he announced during a nationally-televised speech that he would turn over the transcripts to House impeachment investigators . ASSOCIATED PRESS
The broad lawful scope of the pardon power does not mean it is impossible to abuse it . For a hypothetical example , the fact that a chief executive — a president or governor — may lawfully pardon `` any offense '' under their government does not mean there are no legal issues raised by , say , an attempt to `` sell '' pardons to the highest bidder — or knowingly abuse the power in a manner that raises other legal issues .
Finally , there are questions about whether a president may theoretically pardon himself . There is no court precedent on that exact question . The Department of Justice 's prevailing view , however , appears to be no .
Under several administrations , the DOJ has provided legal guidance stating that the president can not be indicted in office , but can be indicted when he leaves office — which implies a president has left office without pardoning himself , which would obviously moot any such indictment . Some scholarship shows the Founders held the same assumption . In the Federalist Papers , Hamilton wrote that a criminal president must be removed by impeachment first , then prosecuted `` afterwards '' in the `` ordinary course of law . ''
Also , as a general matter , federal precedent suggests a government official can not sit in judgment of himself . That said , the issue is not legally settled and a president could , in theory , test the matter and see whether the courts would choose to resolve it .
Ari Melber 's new show , `` The Beat with Ari Melber , '' starts Monday July 24 at 6 p.m . ET on MSNBC .
Helicopters fly during a NATO military exercise at Raposa beach , near Setubal , Portugal October 20 , 2015 . REUTERS/Rafael Marchante
BUCHAREST/WARSAW ( Reuters ) - Leaders of nine Central and Eastern European and Baltic states said in a joint statement on Wednesday they were gravely concerned by Russia 's “ continuing aggressive posturing ” and backed a sustainable NATO military presence in the region .
“ We will stand firm on the need for Russia to return to respect of international law as well as of its international obligations , responsibilities and commitments as a pre-condition for a NATO–Russia relationship based on trust and confidence , ” the leaders said in a joint declaration .
Russia 's seizure of Crimea and support for pro-Kremlin rebels in eastern Ukraine last year has alarmed Baltic and eastern European states .
Leaders of the NATO alliance have also expressed concern at what they see as Moscow 's growing military presence from the Baltics to Syria , after Russia launched air strikes in support of President Bashar al-Assad five weeks ago .
The declaration also said the leaders would join efforts to secure “ a robust , credible and sustainable ” allied military presence in the region , and would advocate deeper cooperation between NATO and the European Union .
It was issued after a meeting in Bucharest of heads of state including Lithuania 's Dalia Grybauskaite , Latvia 's Raimonds Vejonis , Estonia 's Toomas Hendrik Ilves , Slovakia 's Andrej Kiska , Bulgaria 's Rosen Plevneliev and Hungary 's Janos Ader .
The talks were co-chaired by Romania 's President Klaus Iohannis and Poland 's President Andrzej Duda . The President of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic , Jan Hamacek , and Deputy Secretary-General of NATO , Alexander Vershbow , also attended .
The U.S.-led alliance 's next summit will take place on July 8-9 , 2016 in Warsaw .
The debate about which rookie quarterback deserves to be the front-runner for the NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year is heating up . Russell Wilson , Andrew Luck , and Robert Griffin III each are playing at a high level , and have their teams in playoff contention . Their paths to getting there have been quite different . The following is an updated look at the emerging strengths and weaknesses of each player . Different voters will emphasize different areas of performance . A strong case can be made for each player .
First , take a look at how each has performed cumulatively to this point .
Luck is throwing far more often , for far higher yardage totals . Griffin and Wilson are throwing less often , but are far more efficient with their throws . Wilson leads the trio in touchdowns despite having the fewest pass attempts . Griffin stands out with his completion rate and lack of interceptions .
The problem with cumulative stats is that they give no color to trends . A rookie player will often show signs of improvement over the course of the year . Wilson , for example , is a completely different player now than he was when the season began .
There has been only one December game thus far , but the trend is clear for a player like Wilson . He is the highest-rated passer in the NFL over the last six games . Griffin has remained consistently strong , and Luck , surprisingly , has made only modest gains . Luck , though , is being asked to do more .
Wilson and Griffin have continued to pass at roughly half the rate of Luck the past two months . Wilson had his most ambitious passing day this past weekend in Chicago with those 37 attempts . Griffin has attempted more than 37 passes once on the year , when he threw 39 against Carolina and finished with his second-worst passer rating on the season at 74.2 . In fact , Griffin 's number plummet when he gets over 30 pass attempts in a game . His rating goes to 71.0 on those throws . Wilson boasts a 130.0 rating in those situations , and Luck is right around his normal range with a 72.4 rating .
There are different ways to look at how much a team is asking of their quarterback . We have heard some local analysts mention that Wilson is only throwing 4-5 passes over a certain distance in any given game . The implication is that he is not being asked to make harder throws down-field . The better way to look at that is deep throws as a percentage of pass attempts .
I chose to define deep throws as those traveling more than twenty yards in the air . By this measure , Wilson is neck-and-neck with Luck . Griffin is a distant third . Another way to look at this is that 92 % of Griffin 's passes are traveling less than 20 yards in the air . These numbers are not available over time , but those watching Seahawks games know that deep throws were nearly absent the first few games of the year , but are now a staple . I do n't have the same insight for Luck or Griffin .
Situational play can separate the good from the great . There is a reason coaches dedicate time in practice to red zone , two minute drills and 3rd downs .
Griffin shines in these situational moments , although it is important to remember his rating is far higher overall . The better question may be how the player performs in these situations relative to his overall performance . In other words , does he rise to the occasion , or shrink under pressure ? Luck 's overall passer rating is 76.1 . He appears to be at his best in close games late . The best evidence of that is his eye-opening five game-winning drives in only twelve starts . Griffin 's overall rating is 104.4 . Despite having the highest rating in these situations , you can see he only steps up his performance in the red zone . His play drops considerably in the other moments . His two game-winning drives is still impressive for a rookie . Wilson 's overall rating is 95.2 . He excels in the red zone and the 4th quarter , and also has a terrific three game-winning drives . He would have had four if the Seahawks defense had not allowed Detroit to score at the end of the 4th quarter .
Trends are crucial here as well , and these numbers are not easily attainable over time . Wilson 's 3rd down rating and red zone rating were below 50.0 after four games . He has been among the best quarterbacks in the game in those situations since that time .
These players have compiled these numbers against different schedules . Football Outsiders creates statistical rankings for teams that includes a strength of schedule component . They rate Seattle 's schedule as the 3rd toughest in the NFL so far , Indianapolis ' schedule as 26th , and the Redskins as 15th . To add a little more context , let 's take a look at how many times each of these players has faced a Top 10 NFL defense . We will look at the Top 10 defenses in terms of yards allowed , and also the Top 10 in opponent passer rating .
Not only has Wilson faced more Top 10 overall defenses , and Top 10 pass defenses , but his rating against them is higher than either Luck or Griffin . Again , performance relative to norm matters here . Griffin is significantly under his normal 104+ rating when going up against these types of defenses , which implies his numbers would be lower if he faced more of them , as Wilson has . Wilson 's numbers do dip , especially against the top pass defenses , but his cumulative 85.6 rating against these teams is not worlds away from his normal 95 rating . Luck has a similar relative performance drop to Wilson 's when going up against these teams .
This provides more detail about which top defenses each player faced , whether the game was on the road or at home , and the raw numbers against those teams . Again , Luck is being asked to carry his team in these games , and is still managing over 300 yards per game . His touchdown-to-interception ratio , however , is way off .
Another important way to compare and contrast these three terrific rookies is how they play against similar opponents . ESPN 's Mike Sando did a terrific comparison of Luck and Wilson 's performance against their seven shared opponents . Wilson 's rating was 115.6 against these teams versus Luck 's rating of 74.9 . ESPN has their own quarterback rating system , called QBR , and Wilson registered an 81.6 QBR versus Luck 's 68.2 . Wilson finished with a 5-2 record against these seven opponents . Luck finished 4-3 .
Wilson and Griffin have played four shared opponents : Carolina , Dallas , Minnesota , and St. Louis . The comparison is tougher here for Wilson , as he played his worst game of the year at St. Louis . Griffin has a 97 rating against these teams versus Wilson 's 81.2 . Wilson 's record is 3-1 against those opponents , and Griffin is 2-2 .
One last part to factor in is these players ability to run the football . Griffin may have passed for nearly 1000 fewer yards than Luck , but he has set the NFL rookie rushing mark for a quarterback with over 700 yards on the ground and six touchdowns . Wilson has close to 300 yards rushing , and has been picking up that part of his game considerably in the last month with his team doing more read-option . Luck checks in at just over 200 yards rushing .
An Impossible Choice
Griffin 's production in the running game , to go along with his sterling passer rating make him a logical front-runner for the rookie of the year award . His lack of deep throws , poor performance against great defenses , and poor strength of schedule give me pause . His tendency to under-perform , relative to his normal levels , in key situations also is a concern . Luck is being asked to shoulder the biggest load , and has led his team to the most wins , but he also has faced one of the the weakest schedules in all of the NFL . His efficiency is mediocre , with his interception rate being anything but special . It is hard to tell whether he is playing unbelievable football , or is just a strong rookie that is getting to throw the ball 40+ times each game . His strongest case may be his five game-winning drives . That is truly stunning .
Wilson has a little bit of everything to offer . He has put up sparkling numbers against one of the toughest schedules in football . He has faced a Top 10 defense in nearly half of his games , and still is the 7th rated passer in the game , and tops in the last half of the season . His situational play is strong , and he has led his team to three game-winning drives . He is starting to be a threat in the running game , in a similar way that Griffin does it . His performance against shared opponents with Luck says a lot .
The one thing that is certain is that anyone who says these three players are not all deserving of first-place votes for rookie of the year is wrong . How each finish the season will be paramount , as will the way their teams finish .
Shots all around ! `` Shameless '' kicks off Season 4 on Sunday night and the Gallagher gang — and the rest of their band of lovable misfits — will be pushing the envelope once again . ( Turkey baster , anyone ? )
Things will be different for Emmy Rossum 's dependable big sis , Fiona , as we learned over the summer that Jimmy ( or Steve , his sometimes alias ) essentially walked the plank when he climbed aboard that yacht with Brazilian drug lord Nando . All signs point to the end of Justin Chatwin 's run on the show … right ?
`` He 's gone , '' Rossum told Yahoo TV at the Origins Smarty Plants event benefiting charity : water in New York City .
Wait — disappeared gone or dead gone ? we pressed .
`` As far as I know , they 've told us that they do not intend to focus on [ that story ] , '' she clarified . `` Like , he 's dead and the audience should know he 's dead . And , you know , Fiona has no idea he 's dead . She just thinks that he 's abandoned her like he went off before [ with Estefania ] . ''
[ Related : Justin Chatwin Departs Shameless : The Story Behind Jimmy 's Death ]
View photos
So with Jimmy dead gone , what does that mean for Fiona 's love life ? Regular viewers should n't expect a dry spell because , while the Gallaghers do n't have a lot , Fi always does have an active sex life — and `` Greek '' alum Jake McDorman 's Mike Pratt will be back this year to fill the void . It seems the office romance will kick into high gear . When the season premiere kicks off , their office romance is in high gear . He actually visits the chaotic ( though slightly cleaner , thanks to Joan Cusack 's Sheila ) Gallagher house and then they go to a Chicago Bears game together .
`` She 's still working at Universal Cup , so we 'll see how her romance is gon na go with that guy , '' hinted Rossum , whose character will also be romantically linked to Mike 's brother Robbie ( played by `` Newsroom '' alum Nick Gehlfuss ) .
View photos
And that means more nude scenes for the 27-year-old New York City native , who shows a lot of skin on the show . So we asked her about her nudity rules for filming .
[ Related : Emmy Rossum 's Secret to Looking Good ( Even When Vomiting ) ]
`` We always have a closed set , and I only ever sign the waiver and do the scene if I feel like it 's really important to the story , '' she said . `` There have been times when I 've said , 'Nope , I do n't think that 's important to the story . I 'm not gon na do it . ' ''
While speaking at a panel in Germany , Ivanka Trump was booed when she made the absurd case that her father is a feminist hero because his hiring record shows his “ belief and solid conviction in the potential of women and their ability to do the job as well as any man. ” Even worse , CNN analyst Chris Cillizza jumped in with a singularly dimwitted column attempting to shield her from criticism .
Cillizza admitted Trump 's long history of contempt for women , ranging from boasting about grabbing female genitalia to his defunding of Planned Parenthood . Despite this , he said , criticizing Ivanka Trump is beyond the pale of decency . “ But , it 's important to remember that Ivanka is , first and foremost , her father 's daughter . As such , she is going to defend him—as would almost every daughter in any situation in which her dad is under attack . And , whatever you think of the Trumps , it 's beyond debate that they are a very close-knit family who always sticks together . ”
Cillizza 's advocacy on behalf of Ivanka easily shades into condescension . After all , Ivanka is not just Trump 's daughter , she is also a public figure : a White House adviser who has reportedly shaped policy on issues like Syria . Since she 's a public figure , her words deserve all the scrutiny and criticism that are normally given to politicians , cabinet officials , and other notables .
Moreover , it 's not at all true that the Trump clan is “ a very close-knit family who always sticks together. ” Trump 's first two marriages ended in bitter divorces and during an inheritance battle Trump notoriously cut off medical insurance for the ailing infant son of one his nephews .
Finally , Cillizza has defended treating Chelsea Clinton , who has never run for public office and does not hold any government position , as a public figure :
She is the daughter of a president and a Senator who ran for president twice .
And she 's made clear she is interested in elected office ! https : //t.co/MtB9mX5vrK — Chris Cillizza ( @ CillizzaCNN ) April 25 , 2017
There is no logical reason for Cillizza to champion Ivanka Trump in this matter , unless of course his goal is to curry favor with the administration and its supporters and to advance CNN 's strategy of parroting Trump talking points .
It 's new clean diesel engine should be good for 42 miles per gallon on the highway
Cristi Landy , small car marketing director for Chevrolet , introduces the 2014 Cruze with a 2.0 turbo diesel motor at the Chicago Auto Show today . ( Photo11 : Scott Olson Getty Images ) Story Highlights General Motors unveils its first diesel car since 1986
Chevrolet Cruze diesel is expected to be rated at 42 miles a gallon on the highway
GM is targeting owners of its diesel pickup trucks as prospective buyers
CHICAGO -- In another sign that diesel power is starting to make inroads with American drivers , General Motors today at the show here took the wraps off its first diesel-powered car for the U.S. since 1986 .
A high-mileage diesel model of the Chevrolet Cruze compact sedan will go on sale this summer .
On the outside it looks pretty much the same as any Cruze except for the 2.0 TD for Turbo Diesel . )
But under the hood is a 2.0-liter , 148-horsepower diesel engine that is expected to be rated 42 miles per gallon on the highway -- good for a 600-mile range on the 15-gallon tank .
The diesel , with a strong 248 lb.ft . of torque , also is expected to accelerate from 0 to 60 mph in 8.6 seconds .
That 's faster than its chief rival , GM says . What is that ? GM executives did n't hold back in saying the diesel Cruze is aimed squarely at the oil-burning version of the Volkswagen Jetta , one of several VW diesel models that are proving popular .
Cruze diesel with automatic will start at $ 25,695 including shipping -- and including a two-year maintenance plan . The Jetta diesel with automatic starts at $ 24,950 ( $ 23,850 with manual ) . The Jetta diesel is rated 30 mpg in the city , 42 mpg highway , 34 mpg in city/highway mix .
It 's the second high-mileage offering for Cruze , which also offers the special Eco model with mileage boosting tweaks also good for 42 mpg on the highway , but not as much performance as the diesel . The Eco with automatic starts at $ 21,685 .
Mazda 's also planning a diesel the second half this year for its redesigned Mazda6 midsize sedan . Honda and Nissan had said they 'd have U.S. diesels by now , but backed off several years ago and stuck with hybrids as their mileage champs .
GM , in the manner of other diesel sellers , emphasizes that the Cruze diesel will be clean and quiet , unlike those of the past .
`` Cruze turbo diesel is the cleanest operating diesel engine ever produced by General Motors , '' said Gary Altman , chief engineer for GM 's small cars , in a conference call with reporters this week . `` We leveraged our global engineering expertise to take a great diesel engine from Europe and improve it to meet the stringent U.S. standards ''
Even though GM sells 40 % of the Cruzes in Europe with diesels , it chose a larger diesel , from an Opel Astra , as the engine for the U.S .
In modifying it for the U.S. market , engineers tried to make it more fun : it holds the maximum turbo boost for 10 seconds to increase the torque during acceleration to about 280 foot-pounds of torque , more than a good-size gasoline V-6 .
GM has n't sold a diesel car in the U.S. since the subcompact 1986 Chevrolet Chevette . Yet GM has sold more than 500,000 diesel cars globally in the past year alone , including 33,000 Cruzes .
The car will be made in the U.S. , but the engine will come from Germany .
As good as it sounds , GM is n't expecting it to be a huge seller . Diesel fuel costs more than gasoline in the U.S. , eating into the fuel savings . Nationwide average price for diesel is $ 4 today , according to AAA , while regular gasoline averages $ 3.56 .
Cristi Landy , a GM marketing executive , says GM expects the car to be popular with families that already have a GM diesel-powered pickup truck in the house , those who know and appreciate the benefits of diesels .
`` We 're going to describe the vehicle as having great performance , '' Landy says . `` Once you test drive it , there is no question that there is a tremendous difference . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/YV1hKE
I love the sea , but panic in deep water , and so find a happy medium on shorelines , where I can walk in land and water all at once . I 'm drawn to threshold places , to landscapes in flux , to anywhere that captures two states in one space . Islands give me what I love of the ocean : a sense of magic , of otherness , of endless possibility . Islands are hemmed in by themselves , their own coasts marking their constraints , and yet they are boundless , everchanging , living landscapes . The air feels thicker on islands , dense enough to push aside and slip between , thick enough to fold . Surf rushes in your ears and salt gathers on your tongue . Anything can happen on an island . For me , at least , all islands are fantasies .
Snake Ropes by Jess Richards
A waking dream caught in the pages of a novel , this island fantasy entwines the lives of two strange girls as their worlds at first expand and then begin to fall apart . In the vein of the best magic realism , the island is a place where the extraordinary becomes ordinary , with waking houses , talking dolls and strangers from the sea . Jess Richards is an artist and Snake Ropes is a work of utter magic .
The Girl With Glass Feet by Ali Shaw
The wintry archipelago of St. Hauda 's Land is the setting for this magic realist coming-of-age tale . Ali Shaw captures both characters and landscapes caught in stasis , woodlands and frozen fens in hibernation . Magic flits between the branches , drifts of jellyfish light the icy waters , and Ida McLaird is slowly turning to glass . Ida 's search for a cure reopens old wounds but also brings the chance of redemption , her journey across the island taking her from heart-stopping danger to nothing less than true love .
The Wasp Factory by Iain Banks
A massive influence on me ( and most of my generation of Scottish writers ) this gruesome little novel is set on a tiny island off the coast of Scotland , exploring ideas of identity , isolation and release . Teen narrator Frank holds dominion over his own coastal kingdom , wreaking terror on the animals and children that cross his path . His array of violence , loathing and torture is cut through with startling , cloudburst moments of wonder . The fantasies here are in Frank 's head , showing themselves in dreams of power , destiny , salvation , control . This was one of the books that inspired me to write , more than a decade before I actually started .
The Gracekeepers by Kirsty Logan
Not one island , here , but scores of them—the scattered archipelago of Kirsty Logan 's dreamy debut is all that remains in a flooded world , where life is governed by boats and boundaries . Singing for their supper , a ragtag circus ship drifts between the last remaining islands , the crew simmering with passions and resentments . Logan 's novel explores not just the physical borders of these islands , but also the emotional space we cast about ourselves . The Gracekeepers is a sumptuous thing , braided with glitter , grit and wonder .
Link 's Awakening
This is not a book , but I ca n't think about fantasy islands without returning to Koholint . With hindsight , Link 's Awakening on the Game Boy has been as big an influence on me as Terry Pratchett or Anne Rice . The game is rooted in the extraordinary fabric of Koholint , an island of caves , dungeons , cliffs , tunnels , deserts and woodlands . The cast of characters includes befuddled fishermen , weeping mermaids and melancholy ghosts—while Link 's journey weaves the threads of sleeping legends , secret seashells and magic boomerangs . I think books are empathy engines—Link 's adventure on Koholint was one of my first lessons in truly caring about a character .
Simon Sylvester is a writer , teacher , and occasional filmmaker . After working as a camera assistant and journalist , he began writing fiction , and his short stories are published regularly in literary journals . He lives in Cumbria with his partner and their daughter . The Visitors are his debut novel .
How can you not love Cassini ? The latest treat NASA 's spacecraft has provided us is the first ever movie of Saturn 's incredible aruroras .
The high-resolution video was assembled from 472 still images , spaced over 81 hours in October , that show the phenomenon in three dimensions . The lights can be seen as a rippling , vertical sheet up to 750 miles high above Saturn 's northern hemisphere .
“ The auroras have put on a dazzling show , shape-shifting rapidly and exposing curtains that we suspected were there , but had n't seen on Saturn before , ” Cal Tech scientist Andrew Ingersoll , a member of the Cassini imaging team that processed the new video , said in a press release . “ Seeing these things on another planet helps us understand them a little better when we see them on Earth . ”
NASA 's Cassini spacecraft has returned many truly amazing images of Titan , Saturn and Enceladus , but the aurora video is one of the more spectacular views yet seen of another planet .
Each image has a 2 to 3 minute exposure time , and together they reveal that Saturn 's auroras are rapidly changing , as on Earth . But because of Saturn 's lighter , primarily hydrogen atmosphere , the lights reach much higher than in Earth 's heavier oxygen and nitrogen atmosphere .
Though Cassini has spied the alien auroras in ultraviolet and infrared light before , this time the phenomenon was captured in the visible spectrum . The imaging team added false color to the black and white images to highlight the aurora . Scientists are still trying to figure out what color the lights really are .
Video : NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @ betsymason and @ wiredscience , and on Facebook .
The next-generation 2017 Audi Q5 will be revealed at the Paris motor show on September 29 , the company has confirmed .
Scheduled to be unveiled at precisely 1:45pm CEST , the next-gen Q5 will replace the ageing current car that is now seven years old .
While the teaser image only shows a new tail-light design and the car 's badge , the above YouTube video suggests the new Q5 will offer Apple CarPlay and Android Auto compatibility , while also revealing the car 's new gear shifter and rotary dial – similar to those seen in the new Q7 and A4 .
Design-wise the Q5 will sport an evolutionary rather than revolutionary look , drawing upon the more angular designs of the larger Q7 and smaller Q2 , along with other new Audi models like the A4 and A5 .
The new Q5 is expected ride on the Volkswagen Group 's MLB platform for longitudinal engine , front- and all-wheel drive models .
With the new component set , the SUV should shed around 100 kilograms , which would help to improve performance , handling and efficiency .
Powertrains are expected to be similar to those offered in the A4 range , pointing to turbocharged four-cylinder petrols and diesels in core models .
This article is over 2 years old
Legal experts say case of African man , who was secretly deported from Melbourne last week , ‘ exposes the lie that the government 's policies are some sort of humanitarian crusade '
Refugee deported to Nauru had arrived in Australia on cruise thinking he had valid visa
A refugee who was secretively deported from Melbourne to Nauru in the middle of the night last week arrived in Australia by cruise ship almost two years ago believing he had a valid visa .
The fact he was sent to Nauru despite not arriving via an illegal people smuggling venture exposed government policy as a “ lie ” , a human rights lawyer said .
The man , who is from an African nation , was removed from the Melbourne immigration transit accommodation on Thursday night without warning and without being able to contact his lawyers .
Man secretly deported to Nauru from Melbourne detention centre , say lawyers Read more
He had arrived in Australia in early 2014 as a passenger on a cruise ship on the understanding that he had a valid visa .
He was detained as an unauthorised maritime arrival after stating he wished to claim asylum , and was sent to Villawood detention centre in Sydney . A few months later he was transferred to Nauru via Darwin , and has since been granted refugee status .
The government argues its offshore processing policy – which has seen a dramatic reduction in asylum seekers vessels reaching Australia – discourages people from making dangerous journeys , and undermines the business model of people smugglers .
“ It 's not an illegal boat , ” he told Guardian Australia from Nauru . “ You ca n't get on a cruise ship if you do n't have a visa . It is a legal boat .
“ I came here because I have a problem , ” he said .
He has since returned to Australia on three occasions for medical treatment , each time sent back without warning , but he said Friday 's deportation was the worst instance , as he was restrained and prevented from contacting his lawyer .
“ Punishing a man who arrived on a cruise ship exposes the lie that the government 's policies are some sort of humanitarian crusade , ” said Daniel Webb of the Human Rights Law Centre .
“ If this was really about safety , then the government would focus on developing safe and orderly paths to protection for people seeking asylum instead of needless punishing them . ”
The man said he was woken when officials came into his room at about 1am on Friday morning and restrained him , without allowing him to dress .
“ They said , ‘ come on ' , I said , ‘ Why ? I do n't understand . ' They said , ‘ you do n't ask us anything ' . They handcuffed me . ‘ You have to tell me why , ' I said . I am not a criminal .
“ They just come to handcuff you and carry you by force . I cry and cry and cry . ”
When he begged to speak to his lawyer , officials called their office switchboard , despite the hour , he said .
“ I said no , you can not call someone from one o'clock , ” he said .
“ [ I told them ] that 's the office number , not her mobile . I have her mobile number , it 's in my diary . I can go to my room and get my diary and call her . They said we are going to transfer you to Nauru . ”
Webb said the Australian government had a legal duty to facilitate a person 's access to legal assistance , and “ calling a switchboard at 3am before bundling a terrified man on to a chartered plane does n't cut it ” .
“ A government confident its actions are decent and lawful does n't secretively deport people on chartered jets in the middle of the night without any meaningful chance to speak to their lawyers ” .
The man told Guardian Australia he was confused and scared for his life during the deportation . No one told him why he was being deported and he said he remained restrained and shirtless for the whole journey from Melbourne to Nauru .
He and a number of guards were the only people on the charter flight , he said , estimating the plane could have seated more than 100 people .
Government to launch 'free speech ' inquiry into section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act Read more
The shadow immigration minister , Shayne Neumann , said he was not aware of the specifics of the case but the man 's claims were “ troubling and concerning ” .
“ What 's concerning is the manner in which he was treated , if that 's true . I 'm not across all the facts but I would certainly raise the issue with the minister , ” he said .
The Department of Immigration and the minister , Peter Dutton , were contacted with questions .
The department said while it did not comment on individual cases “ when an individual is transferred to Australia for medical treatment they are returned to Nauru once their medical treatment is complete and they have no medical reason to remain in Australia ” .
“ Individuals are informed of this process prior to their transfer , ” the spokesman said . When asked for clarification of how much notice they receive , the spokesman declined to answer and cited “ operational reasons ” .
The department did not respond to other questions .
On Tuesday , Stephen Harper talked to Finance Minister Jim Flaherty about the European debt crisis . Bank of Canada governor Mark Carney was there too . As Harper spokesman Andrew MacDougall explained later , this is “ standard practice. ” Yet the government went out of its way to publicize the meeting . And the mere fact that it occurred ( although not what was said in it ) topped television newscasts . What 's going on ? The answer seems to be that the Prime Minister is continuing to soften up the public — and his own Conservative party — for a shift in economic direction . Exactly what this shift will entail is murky , perhaps even to the government itself . But what does seem clear is that the deteriorating world economy has made untenable Harper 's election promise that he could balance the federal budget by 2014 without affecting significant programs like health care and without cutting transfers to the provinces .
Article Continued Below
That 's because the anemic U.S. economy and Europe 's debt crisis threaten Canadian exports , Canadian jobs and therefore Ottawa 's tax revenues . And this in turn means that Harper will either have to postpone his target for reaching a balanced budget or — if he sticks to his current timetable — make more draconian spending cuts . ( He could raise taxes too , but that 's most unlikely . ) So far , government signals have been decidedly mixed . In the Commons last week , Flaherty pledged to meet his deficit targets , saying , “ We are going to stay the course and go back to a balanced budget . ”
And then , a few minutes later , he promised to be “ practical and flexible ” if the crisis in Europe and America hits Canada . “ We would act as we have acted before , ” he said — an apparent reference to the government 's 2009 U-turn , when it decided to temporarily abandon balanced-budget orthodoxy and spend to stimulate the economy . The most logical path for the Prime Minister — and the one recommended by the International Monetary Fund — would be , at the very least , to put off deficit reduction . Last week , the influential multinational agency warned that if the world is to avoid another catastrophic recession , countries with manageable debts , such as Canada , should postpone plans to balance their budgets .
Article Continued Below
Canada 's government , the IMF noted , has “ policy room to pause ( in its deficit reduction strategy ) if downside risks to growth keep rising. ” In plain language , that means that Ottawa should be prepared to put its balanced budget fixation on hold until Canada 's economy and that of the world improve . Harper 's political problem , however , is that a good chunk of his party and caucus are adamant about eliminating the deficit . That was evident when British Prime Minister David Cameron spoke to Parliament last week . The official video of the occasion shows Conservative MPs and senators applauding wildly every time Cameron talked about his hard-nosed spending cuts . In 2008 , when Harper last strayed from the party 's balanced-budget mantra , many Conservatives were grumpy . Some senior party members even began muttering about a putsch . Given Harper 's election triumph in May , such talk is improbable now . Still he knows from the experience of Brian Mulroney 's Progressive Conservatives what can happen when a party 's leadership strays too far from its base . For the Prime Minister , November 's G20 summit promises to be critical . Last year , under Harper 's prodding , the world body urged member states to halve their deficits by 2013 . But the G20 has taken its cue from the IMF before . And if the group 's consensus this year is that solvent countries like Canada should slow their efforts at fiscal retrenchment , the Prime Minister will be granted political cover . Assuming , that is , that he wants to use it . Thomas Walkom 's column appears Wednesday , Thursday and Saturday .
Read more about :
The Clinton campaign considered Donna Brazile a “ friend ” and a “ surrogate ” last year , even though the Democratic party operative insisted at the time that she was neutral in the party primary race .
Brazile 's secret support for Clinton is revealed in an Oct. 29 , 2015 email entitled “ Bernie pushback update . ”
Clinton 's campaign staff was rallying the troops after a Bernie Sanders campaign official said that the Vermont senator would consider choosing Clinton as his vice president .
“ Donna Brazile – is super pissed about the VP comment and will raise it if possible tonight . Due to her contract she is on constantly and can push this tomorrow , ” reads the email , which was circulated by Adrienne Elrod and released on Wednesday by Wikileaks .
The email is not the first from the Wikileaks dump to show that Brazile secretly supported the Clinton campaign .
In March , when Brazile was still a paid CNN and ABC contributor , she shared a question with the Clinton campaign that was set to be asked at a town hall hosted by CNN and TV One in March . ( RELATED : Donna Brazile Shared CNN Town Hall Questions With Clinton Campaign )
The revelation sparked intense backlash against Brazile , who took over the DNC in July after emails released from another hack showed that then-chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz had a strong bias against Sanders .
Brazile told The Daily Caller that the allegation that she tipped the Clinton campaign off to the town hall question was “ a stretch. ” But it has since been revealed that Brazile appears to have received the question from TV One .
There is no evidence that she shared any town hall questions or other information with the Sanders campaign during the primaries .
Before taking over at the DNC , Brazile had repeatedly insisted in her many television appearances that she was neutral in the race . She did not endorse Clinton until June , when the former secretary of state essentially wrapped up the party 's nomination by defeating Sanders in the California primary .
But the latest release of Podesta emails show that the Clinton campaign did not view Brazile as neutral .
“ Here is where we are from the surrogate standpoint . Also note that we are encouraging our friends to book themselves for obvious reasons , ” Elrod wrote in the email which was addressed to several campaign officials , including campaign manager Robby Mook .
“ All of our friends going out tonight post debate , including Granholm , Donna Brazile and Bill Burton , are ready to call Bernie 's team out if it comes up tonight . ”
Follow Chuck on Twitter
It 's been a week since Your EDM premiered ‘ Shorty ' from Insan3Lik3 and we 're back again to give you another look at the track ‘ Stuff ' before The End is released tomorrow .
On the album , ‘ Stuff ' is the track directly following ‘ Shorty ' and if you listen to the two consecutively ( a little hard with just the SoundCloud streams , I know ) you 'll understand why I specifically wanted these tracks to premiere . Just as Miyoki 's vocals end , the whole melody in in ‘ Stuff ' serves as a direct contrast . While ‘ Shorty ' was a tad melancholy , ‘ Stuff ' is absolutely upbeat and happy . I do n't know if it 's a xylophone or what , but every little sound in ‘ Stuff ' just makes me smile . I was just listening to Depeche Mode earlier today and I 'm thinking now how amazing this track would sound backing up Dave Gahan 's vocals . The track does n't really get started until at just about 1:35 and then it 's an amazing ride all the way until the end .
‘ Stuff ' is a track off of Insan3Lik3 's forthcoming album The End , coming out tomorrow July 1st , courtesy of Section Z Records . You can pre-order the album now from Bandcamp and iTunes .
“ Modern science says : ‘ The sun is the past , the earth is the present , the moon is the future . ' From an incandescent mass we have originated , and into a frozen mass we shall turn . Merciless is the law of nature , and rapidly and irresistibly we are drawn to our doom. ” —Nikola Tesla
Under normal circumstances , in a normal time , on a normal planet , this would be an article about the cataclysmic self-inflicted demise of the Republican Party as a functioning political entity in the United States of America … and if we had ham , we could have ham and eggs , if we had eggs . These are not normal circumstances , this is not a normal time and gadzooks , this is not a normal planet .
Consider the facts in hand : The Republicans nominated and then elected a farcical caricature of a buffoon , a vulgarian oaf , a serial liar of Brobdingnagian proportions , a confessed misogynist and serial assaulter of women , a fact-free ignoramus too ego-blinded to recognize how much he does n't know , to the highest office in the land . To the surprise of virtually no one , he has bollixed up the job so comprehensively that his approval rating currently hovers somewhere below pig offal , and in five short months he has become the most despised world leader since Caligula .
For a moment let 's leave aside the deliberate deconstruction of the State Department and the Environmental Protection Agency . Set aside his recent assault on clean water and press freedom . Forget for the time being his incomprehensible disdain for climate science , even as he has walls built to protect his golf courses from the encroaching ocean . Temporarily ignore the distinct possibility that he sold our democracy down the Volga River because he owes money to a bunch of Russian oligarchs . Let 's talk Twitter , and “ What It All Means ” in the main .
Plenty of critics have rightly slagged the mainstream press for focusing too much on Trump 's tweets , but there is a Rorschach test aspect to his use of the medium that , on occasion , blows the lid off the reality that is the bowl of rancid pub cheese currently disgracing the White House . Thursday morning provided one such opportunity .
For reasons passing understanding , Trump decided to take to Twitter before 9:00 am DC time — presumably when he should have been getting a security report , reading briefing papers and generally preparing for the challenges inherent in maybe the hardest job in the world — to launch a barrage of insults at Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski , co-hosts of the MSNBC show “ Morning Joe. ” He called Scarborough “ psycho ” and Brzezinski “ crazy , ” even though the pair hauled a fair amount of water for him both during and after the election . Worse , he went on to say that Brzezinski was n't allowed into Mar-a-Lago because she was “ bleeding badly from a face-lift . ”
Full stop . Wait , what ? The president of the United States apparently has a real obsession with bleeding female television personalities . Why would he do this ? What is the goal ? Mr. Trump seems to believe in that old adage about no press being bad press , a thoroughly disproven idea that his doppelgänger , Richard Nixon , learned about the hard way .
This Mika/Joe tweet thing with Trump took a dark turn this morning . Brzezinski and Scarborough revealed on their show that the National Enquirer ( owned by a Trump loyalist ) was harassing Brzezinski 's daughters and friends , and staking out her house . Scarborough said he got calls from White House officials saying the Enquirer was going to run a hatchet job story on Brzezinski and him , but if he called Trump and apologized for his coverage , Trump would have the story spiked .
Scarborough correctly called it “ blackmail ” this morning , and Brzezinski stated flatly that the alleged Enquirer story did n't exist , and dared them to run it . After this was broadcast , Trump tweeted that Scarborough had called him and asked him to kill the story , and Trump refused . Scarborough tweeted back saying , essentially , you 're a liar , that did n't happen , and I have the phone records .
This indeed sounds like blackmail — blackmail directed from the highest office in the administration . The fact that Trump tweeted about Scarborough asking for the story to be killed and his refusal to do so is an open assertion that the story exists and that he had the power to stop it . This is actually a pretty big damn deal .
Twitter , for its part , ate Trump 's breakfast and lunch in less time than it takes to fart in an elevator :
“ Mr . President , your tweet was beneath the office and represents what is wrong with American politics , not the greatness of America. ” —GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham “ Please just stop . This is n't normal and it 's beneath the dignity of your office. ” —GOP Sen. Ben Sasse “ Seriously dude , SHUT UP. ” —Conservative political commentator Ben Shapiro
Such high dudgeon from the moral brigade of the GOP over Trump 's ghoulish lack of judgment is nice fodder for the TV people , but never forget the core truth of all this , summarized to lethal effect by Albert Burneko of The Concourse : “ Imagine fretting over what does or does not empower women while your own party conspires to strip prenatal care from mothers . Imagine wringing your hands over civility while plotting to bankrupt and ruin the families of sick children so that a few billionaires can bleed just a little more cash out of the society they 're destroying . ”
On the other side of the city , GOP Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is sitting in his office with an ice pack on his head because the Capitol dome fell on him this week . He put his status and leadership on the line to pass a health care reconciliation bill so thoroughly twisted that , according to Quinnipiac , it is supported by only 16 percent of the populace , with only 6 percent of Republicans strongly supporting it .
You have to get up bright and early to achieve numbers so astonishingly low , even in these strange days . If you read the thing , though , it should come as no surprise : The bill is so utterly repulsive , McConnell should have named it “ The Soylent Green Is People Reconciliation Act of 2017. ” For those who do n't get the reference , it 's from a movie about eating people . The shoe fits .
In doing this , particularly in the sneaky secretive manner he chose , McConnell has blown his own caucus to shreds and tatters . Hard-line Republicans like Rand Paul revolted because the proposed bill looks too much like the Affordable Care Act , while more moderate senators like Dean Heller of Nevada balked because of the massive attack on Medicaid the bill represents . In other words , McConnell managed to piss off pretty much everyone , and no one seemed eager to charge to the bill 's defense . In fact , a whole slew of fence-sitting Republican senators came out against it in a true profile in courage after McConnell yanked it from consideration on Tuesday .
The forecast has not improved . The last nose count had between 15 and 20 GOP senators defecting . There was chatter for a time that McConnell would try to stuff some new cobbled-together version of the bill through the Congressional Budget Office 's mail slot today for yet another scoring , but with GOP senators fleeing DC en masse for the July 4 recess , the prospect seems exceptionally dim . I 'm not sure why he 's so anxious ; the other two scores were torpedoes below the waterline for the GOP 's concept of “ health care reform. ” The idea that a new one will be made of sunbeams and flowers all of a sudden is quite the stretch .
Republicans and the White House can once again try to undermine the integrity of the Congressional Budget Office 's ( CBO ) work , but that argument remains a tough sell . The director of the CBO is a man named Keith Hall . He was George W. Bush 's Chief Economist for the Council of Economic Advisers before Bush tapped him to run the Budget Office . Painting him as some lily-livered liberal partisan is what they call “ a hard dollar . ”
So , yeah … how ? How does this groaning calamity of a political party continue to thrive ? These people control the White House , the House of Representatives , the Senate and the Supreme Court , along with state legislatures and governors ' offices from sea to shining sea , yet they ca n't seem to legislate themselves out of a wet paper sack . If the GOP were an animal in the wild , it would have been devoured by chickadees long ago . The fact that it still exists at all is the best parlor trick since “ Lazarus , come forth . ”
Oh , right . Citizens United . Brutally racist voter suppression across a variety of vital states , combined with outright election theft in a number of instances . Partisan gerrymandering . Decades of right-wing domination of the media . A Democratic Party “ opposition ” beholden to most of the same corporate interests as the Republicans . A system so deeply mired in wildly discredited economic mythologies that it refuses to recognize its own imminent collapse . A population so thoroughly disgusted and dispirited by it all that only half of them bother to show up at the polls on a good day .
I get it .
NEW DELHI : The Competition Commission of India ( CCI ) has fined Google Rs 1 crore “ for failure to comply with the directions given by the director general ( DG ) seeking information and documents ” . CCI is probing Google for anti-competitive and unfair practices. “ The order was passed on a reference made by the DG to CCI alleging inter alia non-cooperation by Google in the pending investigations , ” said a CCI spokesperson.Earlier BharatMatrimony and Consumer Unity & Trust Society had complained to CCI that Google abused its dominant position on the web and in the web advertising market to push its own services and unfairly promote the services of companies that were willing to pay more money to it.On Thursday , CCI also directed Google to cooperate with the investigation by providing information and documents that may be required by the DG.Google said that it was disappointed with the CCI order . `` We 're disappointed by this development . While we are confident that our products are compliant with competition law in India , we continue to cooperate fully with the CCI 's extensive and ongoing investigation . We 've not yet received this procedural order , but will review it fully once we have , '' said a Google spokesperson.Recently Medianama , a website that reports on web content and e-commerce business in India , revealed that CCI was asking Indian web companies their views on Google 's advertisement and business practices in the country . CCI has reportedly sent a questionnaire to various web entities , seeking their views on whether Google was unfairly promoting its own services or abusing its dominant position in the search and advertisement business to the detriment of other websites and portals in the country.Concerns over Google 's alleged anti-competitive practices are not new . In the US in 2013 , Federal Trade Commission , which was looking into Google 's business practices , closed its antitrust review after Google voluntarily agreed to make two changes to its search and Google Ads business.In February this year Google reached a preliminary settlement with European Commission , which was probing the company for unfair trade practices . The settlement includes Google agreeing to show results from at least three competitors each time it shows its own results for searches related to shopping and travel .
Maximum equality
In the first 45 minutes of the Basque derby both teams shared chances , although the result did not change . Possession shows that anyone could break the deadlock : Athletic 51 % for 49 % of the Real Sociedad .
Rulli , savior
Real Sociedad´s goalkeeper finished the match without conceding a goal , despite the clear chances created by the Athletic Club . The most crucial save was before Aduriz in the second half , which could have resulted the 0-1 .
Bruma´s entry
The player transformed the game with his entry into the field . He gave to Real the movement and the freshness that lacked in the previous minutes and managed to become the star of the match .
Real Sociedad´s final siege
The home side tried it until the last moment . Chances did not stop coming since the 30th minute , but it was not enough to take the three points .
Triple save by Gorka Iraizoz
If Rulli dressed of hero to face Aduriz , Gorka Iraizoz did the same , triply , in a similar play in the final minutes .
In my youth Irish history ended at 1916 . I had never been taught anything about the history of the Irish Civil War . Of course , over time I acquired a vague knowledge of it , like Michael Collins ' death and horrors like the killing of Republicans at Ballyseedy in Kerry . Over the past decade , I saw many photographs from the Civil War – some were strong , interesting images . That visual aspect sparked my interest .
I visit Spain quite a lot and have devoured books on that country 's civil war . Then , in the course of preparing a book some years ago on Irish railways , I became aware of the damage inflicted on the railways during the Irish Civil War . Having already produced books with a significant visual content , I decided to proceed with an accessible illustrated book that would tell the story of the events of 1922-23 .
So I set about my quest for high quality images : ideally well composed , interesting images of significant events . Luckily , I was able to unearth these by casting my net across a wide range of archives and other sources . There was photographic reportage at the time – press cameras were reasonably portable by 1922 ; the large contraptions on tripods used at the turn of the 20th century were not much in use .
There were photographs of set-piece occasions like the meetings of the Dáil or the London Treaty negotiations . When the fighting broke out in Dublin there were some shots of the action like shelling . Afterwards ( no more than after Easter 1916 ) there was a proliferation of photos of damage in the central city . During the course of the war , the Provisional Government , which had an efficient publicity department , had photographers embedded with the troops during , for example , the amphibious landings in Cork . By contrast , the Republicans led a peripatetic existence during the war , and did not have photographers . Consequently there are a few posed scenes of fighters in their localities but few photographs showing them in action .
One great source was Italian and French magazines and news supplements . Their artists produced highly coloured and hyper-realistic drawings of important actions , such as the killing of Michael Collins and the destruction of railway viaducts .
Click here to open the gallery
There are many primary sources : among contemporary government documents in the National Archives , it was thrilling to be able to examine , for example , actual correspondence between Churchill and Collins in 1922 . In the Military Archives ( one of our unsung national treasures ! ) at Cathal Brugha Barracks Dublin , one could see original letters and documents of the Free State Army , as well as captured Republican documents . The Capuchin Archives is a veritable treasury of collections of the Republican “ mosquito press ” of the time . The National Library images , like the Hogan Collection , were exceptional .
However , this was no mere desk-based endeavour : I travelled around Ireland , and photographed places where key events of the war took place . Many of these were in difficult-to-get-to locations – clumping through swampy fields and fording rivers to find the site of the Knocknagoshel explosion in Kerry ( where five pro-Treaty soldiers were killed by a trap-mine ) . One sunny morning I climbed high on Benbulben , Co Sligo , found the principal monument to the slain Republicans there – and then spent hours traversing the barren and boggy plateau on top , where I never found the second monument . At Clashmealcon , with kind local assistance , I saw the caves and cliffs where the extraordinary last stand of besieged Republican fugitives took place . It was poignant to visit these places . It also was a privilege to meet relatives of those involved in the war , and hear their dignified recollections .
On one of my visits to London , I went to Liverpool Street Station to see the plaque to Sir Henry Wilson , assassinated on June 22nd , 1922 , one of the triggers for the war . None of the station staff had any idea of what I was talking about . It took a second circumnavigation of the station to find the plaque .
As well as the big events , I also discovered interesting details , vignettes that were n't generally known , like the “ Republican ” postal stamps printed in Cork about July 1922 . Another concerned the story of the Russian Crown Jewels . During my research I found the relevant documents in the National Archives , such as the receipt for $ 20,000 issued by the USSR representative in New York for money received from Harry Boland – and the surprising aftermath up to the time of the return of the jewels in 1949 . '
I tried to be fair in terminology . The Provisional Government issued instructions to the press in July 1922 that the anti-Treaty forces must be called “ irregulars ” – which I did n't use . For the anti-Treaty side I use such terms as anti-Treaty forces , IRA or Republicans . ( In using the latter I do not mean to imply that those on the pro-Treaty side were not republican . ) For the pro-Treaty side , I used , variously , terms such as pro-Treaty forces ; the National Army ; and the army of the Provisional Government , which became the army of the Free State on December 6th , 1922 .
Many people nowadays harbour the idea that the designation “ Republican ” refers to the ending of partition . However , this concept featured little during the Civil War . The northern entity ( bearing the inaccurate title of Northern Ireland ) , with its parliament established in 1921 , was a fait accompli by the time of the Treaty negotiations . The sop of the Boundary Commission was included in the Treaty . Pogroms erupted in the newly-hatched northern entity and Collins planned attacks there , to kill it at birth , with a bonus of creating unity between the anti- and pro-Treaty sides . When the Civil War broke out , this plan was abandoned .
Currently the Civil War is remembered in two distinct ways : there is a vast amount of plaques and memorials to the anti-Treaty fallen , commemorated in the main by a particular strand of republicanism . On the pro-Treaty side , there are very few memorials , the principal being the cross to Michael Collins at Beal na Blath . Over the years the commemoration here was mainly organised by Fine Gael , but there has been more diversity recently .
Time has moved on and we are nearing the centenary . I make a modest proposal : to have a national memorial erected which specifically remembers the fallen of the Irish Civil War , from both sides . This is to remember the loss of these Irish people , not celebrate a civil war . Those who died fought for a cause that , in their respective eyes , represented the best solution for Ireland .
The Green Divide , an Illustrated History of the Irish Civil War , by Michael B Barry , is published by Andalus Press ( €25 , 192pp , over 400 images . ISBN 978-0-9560383-6-4 )
LAWYER Alexander Carter-Silk , 57 , probably thought nothing of it when he messaged 27-year-old human rights barrister Charlotte Proudman on LinkedIn and complimented her on her profile photo .
“ Charlotte , delighted to connect , ” he wrote . “ I appreciate that this is probably horrendously politically incorrect but that is a stunning picture ! ! !
“ You definitely win the prize for the best LinkedIn picture I have seen . Always interest ( sic ) to understant ( sic ) people 's skills and how we might work together . Alex ”
If he was expecting some flirtatious banter in response then he clearly messaged the wrong woman .
The Telegraph reports that Ms Proudman , who is studying for a PhD at the University of Cambridge researching female genital mutilation , told Mr Carter-Silk his message was “ offensive ” .
“ I am on linked-in for business purposes not to be approached about my physical appearance or to be objectified by sexist men , ” she wrote in a reply she posted online . “ The eroticisation of women 's physical appearance is a way of exercising power over women . It silences women 's professional attributes as their physical appearance becomes the subject .
“ Unacceptable and misogynistic behaviour . Think twice before sending another woman ( half your age ) such a sexist message , ” she wrote .
Ms Proudman told The Telegraph she initially was going to ignore the message , the sort of which she has received before .
“ I was just so infuriated after I read the message . Initially I thought ‘ Oh God another one , I 'll just delete it ' , ” she said . “ Then I thought , ‘ no I 'm not going to take this ' . This is from a senior partner who should know better . ”
Mr Carter-Silk has since apologised .
“ I sincerely regret my remarks have offended you and I offer you my apologies , ” he wrote ..
However Ms Proudman says the apology does not go far enough .
“ He has n't in my view accepted the fact that his actions were incredibly sexist and on the basis of objectifying my appearance . It 's absolutely bare minimum in terms of an apology . ”
Her reaction prompted a number of other women on Twitter to share their own experiences .
. @ CRProudman look at what my friend received from a 'fellow healthcare professional ' on @ LinkedIn - details redacted pic.twitter.com/btTyZqNOJ2 — Michelle Connolly ( @ michelllec ) September 9 , 2015
Well done for sharing your story @ CRProudman Proud to stand as a professional woman ! Here 's the latest creep .. pic.twitter.com/YXAHqFvNwN — Lucy Clarke ( @ lucyvenndigi ) September 9 , 2015
@ CRProudman I received this message this morning . It happens all the time . Thanks for standing up to it . pic.twitter.com/MceJNEaIOk — Rebecca New ( @ rebeccanew91 ) September 9 , 2015
Story highlights A CNN analysis of police estimates suggests more than a million people took part in marches not including the core Women 's March on Washington
Both Donald Trump and his press secretary mentioned inaugural crowd size on Saturday
( CNN ) More than a million Americans took to the streets of the United States to protest Donald Trump the day after his inauguration . And that does n't include the many thousands of people who took part in the main event -- The Women 's March on Washington -- for which there was no official crowd estimate .
CNN did not make its own crowd estimates , but compiled official estimates from law enforcement agencies for many of the `` sister marches '' around the country that drew large crowds . There were other marches in cities around the world .
Marchers planned events in many cities outside the nation 's capitol . CNN looked at media reports citing law enforcement figures in many of those cities .
Source : www.womensmarch.com
Crowd sizes became an issue in Washington Saturday when Trump visited the CIA and during remarks to employees there , accused an unnamed news organization of misrepresenting the attendance for his own inauguration .
`` We had a massive field of people , '' he told the US intelligence agency . `` You saw that . Packed . I get up this morning , I turn on one of the networks , and they show an empty field . I 'm like , wait a minute . I made a speech . I looked out , the field was , it looked like a million , a million and a half people . They showed a field where there were practically nobody standing there . And they said , 'Donald Trump did not draw well , ' `` the President said .
Read More
The Houston Police Department wants to make citizens aware of a scam gaining popularity in the Houston area , dubbed the `` wobbly wheel '' scam .
In this scam , conmen tell victims one of their vehicle 's wheels is loose or damaged , and then force the victim to pay for an unneeded repair .
Police say the scam begins when the suspects approach the victim in a parking lot or attempt to motion the citizen over while driving . In most cases , the suspects then represent themselves as AAA employees or mechanics and offer to address the issue for the victim .
One suspect then pretends to fix the victim 's tire while other suspects distract the victim ( s ) . The suspect typically does not receive approval from the victim prior to `` working '' on the vehicle and the services are not discussed until after the `` repair . '' When the victim protests payment , the suspects pressure the victim into payment by using a large number of suspects as a show of force . Additionally , victims report articles missing from their vehicle after the suspects leave the scene .
HPD officers caution anyone who is told there might be an issue with a vehicle to take it to a licensed mechanic to be examined or to contact AAA or another roadside service directly . Citizens are also cautioned not to pull over when motioned to by an unknown driver . If you feel there is a problem with your vehicle , police advise you to pull over in a well-lighted , populated area to examine the issue .
Recent reported cases include :
600 Southwest Freeway - August 28 at 3pm
1000 Studemont - August 21 at 1:20pm
2106 Swift - February 1 at 1pm
409 Tabor - May 20 at 10:30am
Anyone victimized in this scam is urged to report it to the HPD Major Offenders Division at 713-308-3100 .
My Santa informed me earlier that he would be late sending my gift because he was going to Comic Con and would be looking for stuff there to send . I was hopeful for the full-body , handmade Iron Man Costume signed by Robert Downey Jr. , but I suppose I can settle for this . = ) There are stickers , buttons , mini-comics , and even more stickers ! It 's like I was at Comic Con , but without the week of recovering from the Plague afterwards !
Apart from all the awesome SDCC swag , The main gift is the complete first season of Upright Citizen 's Brigade . I 'm a sucker for good comedy sketch shows . I 've known of UCB for a long time , but never really gotten into them . Well , that 's about to change .
Thank you Mallingong !
‘ Loutish ' soldier escapes prison sentence because he 's 'too important to the army ' despite string of convictions
Lashed out just five months after he had been in court over hitting a police officer
Wilkins was involved in a drunken altercation but avoided a jail sentence
A soldier who battered two men outside a pub escaped prison - because he was deemed 'too important ' to the Army .
Private Daryl Wilkins , 22 , lashed out at the men in a drunken rage just FIVE months after he walked free from court for hitting a police officer .
Wilkins , from Nuneaton , who has a string of previous convictions for violent assaults , admitted affray after he punched a man and tried to stamp on his head .
But he was let off again after a judge ruled he was 'too important ' as a gunner in the Army .
Judge Trevor Faber even admitted he was being 'far too lenient ' when he sentenced Wilkins to just 95 hours of unpaid work at Warwick Crown Court .
He also ordered him to pay £1,500 court costs .
Judge Faber told Wilkins : 'By rights , you ought to be going to prison . That is what you richly deserve .
'Not very long after being given a chance by the magistrates , you are behaving in an identical way .
'People are sick and tired when they go out at night and they are confronted by the sort of thing we have seen , you 're behaving in a loutish , thuggish way because you ca n't control your drinking .
' I am probably being far too lenient , but I am impressed by what you do in the Army and your importance to your unit . '
The court heard Wilkins launched an unprovoked attack on two men outside the Bilberries pub in Nuneaton , Warks. , on July 9 last year .
CCTV footage captured Wilkins having an argument with his pregnant girlfriend before she stormed back into the pub .
The judge at Warwick Crown Court let Wilkins off despite previous convictions including assaulting a police officer
Wilkins then crossed the road and approached two men before punching one of them in the face , knocking him to the ground .
Wilkins tried to stamp on the man 's head but was hauled back by the victim 's friend .
A fight broke out and the two men suffered cuts and bruises .
A police car arrived and when Wilkins was arrested he had blood on his hands and knuckles .
Warren Stanier , prosecuting , told the court Wilkins had a string of convictions for violent assaults .
He said : 'The defendant was given a caution in 2008 following a fight with fists and feet outside a Nuneaton nightclub , and in June 2010 he was given a community sentence for assaulting his partner and her mother .
'Then in February last year he was back in court on two occasions , once for assaulting a police officer and once for two assaults in Bilberries pub , for which magistrates gave him a community sentence with 95 hours of unpaid work . '
Judge Faber told Wilkins : ' I am just persuaded to take the only course I can , which is to punish you by making you do unpaid work . '
Daryl Wilkins had been a private in the First Battalion Royal Regiment of Fusiliers for six years .
Wilkins was due to go to Canada for pre-training before being deployed to Afghanistan next year .
RRF Sgt Philip Anderson told Tuesday 's hearing Wilkins was a 'considerable asset ' to his unit .
He told the court the loss of one gunner out of four vehicles would be a 'massive shortfall . '
This is a small update with important information for all Neptune Customers . View this email in your browser
Hi All
So we have a few updates that we would like to share , some of you may already have seen the updates in our shop so you will have to excuse us if itâ€™s old news . The newsletter contains updates on the following products :
Titan performance increase
Mini Titan & Neptune Launch
Neptune Third Batch
Upgrade cards
Jupiter 3TH update
Neptune power requirements Titan Performance increase As we get closer to tape out we are able to provide more of an update , and due to the demand of our product . We are now able to confirm it will indeed be a 28nm process we will be using . This means we are able to confirm that the minimum performance will be 300MH/s for around 800watts of power . This upgrade in performance will of course be given free to all customers . For more details click here
Mini Titan Launch We have been requested by many to launch a smaller range of products allowing more people to purchase our devices . Well we agree . More people should be able to take part in mining for crypto-currencies so we are again launching a mini version of our future miners . The mini Titans and Neptuneâ€™s will ship alongside the full size products and like our previous Saturn and Mercury miners will be based on the same size box as their respective full size models to allow future upgrade modules and flexibility . For more details click here for mini Titan and here for mini Neptune .
Neptune Third Batch Due to continued demand especially with the continued rising in the bitcoin economy , we have also launched a third batch of Neptuneâ€™s with our best ever dollar per hash rate The price for the new box is 5,995 USD , The boxes will ship round 4 weeks after batch two finishes . For more details click here
Upgrade cards . We have also released 400 upgrade cards for those of you who wish to still purchase them . They are being shipped from stock and the first boxes have already left with UPS yesterday . Each card is now only 350USD plus shipping . You can order upgrade cards here
Jupiter 3TH The window for conversions has now closed we have had over 400 conversions which means we are actively trying to fill all of the orders we have but we will contact customers individually if they are too far back in the queue to be converted . The good news is that the shipment for these orders will begin Tuesday next week after the Easter holidays and we expect it to take only a few days to have all boxes shipped out to customers .
Neptune Power Requirements While we will not release the maximum performance of the Neptune miner we can now release the required power supply to give people time to purchase them . The maximum power draw will be 2100w of power and we recommend this to be either two 1200w power supplies or three 850watt power supplies . This does include a bit of a safety margin on our side and of course underclocking will be possible to reduce the power requirements even more .
Thanks
KnCMiner Team
Christian missionaries under the banner of ‘ Elijah ' have launched massive campaigns across villages of Punjab to convert the poor Sikhs of the area . Generally , the Sikhs in scattered villages have little knowledge of the faith their born into and so are easy converts for Christians . The ‘ Elijah ' trust have openly stated that they were able to convert 170 of the 260 people that showed up to their ‘ healing ' and free food event at village Pandian of Nawanshar District .
Volunteers of the trust tell the vulnerable Sikhs that their pains will go away if they convert to Christianity . These Sikhs know little to nothing about Sikhi and go where ever it seems feasible .
After converting , the missionaries establish fellowships to encourage the converts to convert their friends and families in other villages .
As New York City 's one million public school students head back to class today 88,576 teachers have a new contract for the first time since 2009 . The United Federation of Teachers ( UFT ) avoided the bargaining table for several years , betting that former Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's ( I ) successor would be more amenable to their demands .
That bet paid off . In May , Mayor Bill de Blasio ( D ) and UFT chief Michael Mulgrew settled on a nine-year agreement that awards teachers pay increases totaling 18 percent . While Bloomberg steadfastly fought to whittle away union work rules with every new contract , this deal maintains the status quo with the exception of a few Potemkin reforms .
Our nation 's educators are treated like `` interchangeable blue-collar workers doing blue-collar work , '' writes Marc Tucker in a recent report titled , Fixing our National Accountability System , which was published last month and has been drawing attention in education reform circles . Tucker fingers our `` test based accountability system '' for reducing teachers ' contributions to a letter or number grade . `` Imagine what a good doctor would think , '' Tucker writes , if `` publicly branded with an A , B or C grade by some external authority . ''
There 's some merit to Tucker 's case , but there 's a far bigger culprit in the teaching profession 's diminished status that he ignores : Collective bargaining agreements , such as New York City 's new teachers contract , that treat educators like children .
Tucker would like to see teachers treated more like `` doctors , accountants , attorneys , architects and other high status professionals '' —but how many lawyers and physicians have labor contracts that sets their schedules ? The new contract stipulates that `` the school day shall be 6 hours and 20 minutes , '' but that an additional 30 minutes per day , which used to be spent on classroom instruction , be reallocated to `` professional development '' and `` parent engagement activities . ''
The new emphasis on `` parent engagement '' is a priority of New York City Schools Chancellor Carmen Fariña , who told an audience in April : `` When parents are engaged at the school and district level , children and schools benefit . '' It 's hard to quibble with common wisdom so blandly articulated , but blanket policies have no place in complex social institutions . Some schools undoubtedly could benefit from more parental involvement , while others already have engaged parent bodies and should devote more time to instruction . Professional teachers along with their principals should determine how their working hours are spent .
`` Teaching is every bit as difficult and intellectually challenging as being a lawyer surgeon , engineer , or architect , '' says The New Teachers Project 's Daniel Weisberg , who was the city 's chief negotiator with the UFT during the Bloomberg years , and thinks the latest contract was a missed opportunity . `` And yet we treat teachers like widgets . ''
Another reason teachers do n't garner the same respect afforded other professions is that they are n't paid enough , or so goes the common wisdom . In fact , teachers do quite well compared to other white-collar professions . The real drag on their professional status is that they do n't earn more when they work harder and show more talent .
The new teachers contract gradually raises teacher compensation—starting salaries will rise from $ 46,445 this year to $ 56,709 in 2018 . ( The city also gives teachers phenomenal pension benefits . ) But the contract maintains the lockstep pay structure that rewards educators based solely on two criteria : The number of school credits they 've accumulated ( even if they take courses only loosely related to their jobs ) , and the number of years they 've served in the classroom . Principals have no say over what their employees get paid .
The new contract creates one new mechanism for paying educators more—the position of `` master teacher '' —but the perk expires after one year and the UFT carved out a major role for itself in the selection process . Master teachers will earn a $ 20,000 bonus in exchange for taking on various school leadership roles , but even those worthy of such an honorific title are n't entrusted to figure out how to manage their own time . The contract says that they must work `` an additional three days during the summer '' and `` an additional four hours each month during the school year . ''
Who picks the master teachers ? Principals get final say , but only after qualified applicants are screened by a selection committee `` consisting of an equal number of members selected by the Chancellor and by the UFT President . '' The master teacher position `` seems a lot more like patronage than it does merit pay , '' noted Jenny Sedlis of StudentsFirstNY , at a recent forum on the new teachers contract hosted by The Manhattan Institute .
Among the biggest achievements of former New York City Chancellor Joel Klein , who served under Mayor Bloomberg from 2002 to 2011 , was convincing the UFT to give principals the authority to pick their own teachers . Prior to 2005 , senior teachers could transfer into schools whether principals liked it or not .
There was an unintended consequence : Tenured teachers who could n't find a principal to hire them ended up in what 's known as the Absent Teacher Reserve ( ATR ) pool , meaning they still collect a paycheck but do n't have to show up for work . Keeping ATR pool teachers on the payroll costs taxpayers about $ 100 million a year .
ATR pool members ( no doubt a demoralizing fate ) are in part victims of the union 's lockstep pay schedule . Teachers who 've been in the system for many years draw comparatively big salaries set by the contract , which makes principals—who manage their own budgets and need to make tradeoffs in staffing—more reluctant to hire them . If teachers in the ATR pool could freely negotiate their compensation , like professionals in every other industry , they 'd have a better shot at getting a job .
The new contract offers only weak measures aimed at cutting the size of the ATR pool , such as offering buyout packages and pushing principals to interview members for vacancy slots . ( Thankfully , it does n't obligate principals to hire them . )
New York City 's latest collective bargaining agreement may serve the UFT by reinforcing its relevance , but it 's damaging to teachers . The bottom line : Unconditional job protections and lockstep raises deny educators the dignity of earning their own success .
Perhaps the biggest condemnation of President Obama 's address last Friday announcing reforms to the NSA 's surveillance programs was his failure to mention any of the agency 's alleged involvement in subverting cryptography standards and the impact that has had on the trustworthiness of products built on those baselines .
A long list of the nation 's top cryptographers and security influencers took a stand today against the government 's surveillance activities and subversion of security technology via an open letter . The experts condemn the intelligence community 's practices and point out that tampering with crypto standards via the insertion of backdoors and the tapping of commercial links between data centers belonging to large Internet providers not only damages the privacy and civil liberties of Americans , but opens the door for malicious hackers—criminal and nation-state—to exploit the same holes used by the NSA .
“ Indiscriminate collection , storage , and processing of unprecedented amounts of personal information chill free speech and invite many types of abuse , ranging from mission creep to identity theft , ” the experts wrote in the letter . “ These are not hypothetical problems ; they have occurred many times in the past . ”
The co-signers of the letter include some security and computing legends such as Steve Bellovin , Niels Ferguson , Ed Felten , Ron Rivest , Bruce Schneier and dozens of others . The letter calls on the government to be transparent about its activities and “ resist the deployment of mass surveillance programs in advance of sound technical and social controls , ” the letter said . The experts also lent their endorsement to a movement called Reform Government Surveillance , which was unwrapped in December .
A group of eight technology giants , including Facebook , Apple and Google , make up the Reform Government Surveillance coalition , which proposed five principles in an open letter of its own to Obama .
Those principles start with limits on the government 's ability to compel service providers to disclose user data and stop bulk collection of Internet communication . It also calls for intelligence agencies to operate under a clear , transparent legal framework that includes independent reviewing courts , which is currently not the case with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court . The group asks the government to allow data to cross borders without having to worry about legal loopholes that enable government to access data stored outside the country . They also ask that governments work together to avoid conflicting laws and develop transparent legal frameworks under which governments agree to operate when it comes to requests for user data .
“ The choice is not whether to allow the NSA to spy . The choice is between a communications infrastructure that is vulnerable to attack at its core and one that , by default , is intrinsically secure for its users , ” the letter said . “ Every country , including our own , must give intelligence and law-enforcement authorities the means to pursue terrorists and criminals , but we can do so without fundamentally undermining the security that enables commerce , entertainment , personal communication , and other aspects of 21st-century life . ”
Obama 's speech last week called for immediate and longterm reforms to the NSA 's bulk collection of phone call metadata . The program would end as it exists today , but the president stopped short of ending the agency 's collection of data , which it says it uses to map connections between foreigners thought to be involved in terrorism . The dragnet , however , also sweeps up communications to and from Americans who are not terror suspects , something that has outraged privacy advocates .
A Lululemon yoga class .
When you think of the items that command a staggering online resale value , you 're more likely to imagine Céline luggage totes and Chanel 2.55s . Yoga pants would probably not be on the list . However , Racked reports that Lululemon is one of the hottest properties in the field . The items sell via private Facebook groups , which number over 100 , or on eBay , where the markup can reach 1,000 percent , with running shorts going for $ 800 . On Tradesy , a popular consignment site , the brand comes in fourth , after Chanel and Louis Vuitton , in terms of desirability . Said its CEO Tracy DiNunzio , “ We 'll sometimes see similar interest with middle-market brands , but this type of demand is unheard of for athleisure . ”
On the FAQ section of its site , Lululemon states , “ We completely recognize that once someone purchases our product they can do what they want with it . We do not , however , support those who acquire large volumes of our product to resell at an elevated price point. ” In the past , it has even gone so far as to ban customers who were also resellers , though it has since reneged on that practice .
Still , Lululemon superfans — like the anonymous blogger behind Lululemon Expert , who calls the clothes her “ wearable art collection ” — are proof that the company has built a fiercely loyal following . One key has been brand recognition : As athleisure becomes ever more chic , it 's closely associated itself with a certain kind of active , enlightened lifestyle . And , smartly , Lululemon keeps its product offerings intentionally scarce , so that “ It ” items often sell out . It 's a strategy that luxury houses could learn a lot from .
The volume of O'Hare jet noise complaints demands that aviation officials rethink the nearly $ 10 billion federal plan to modernize O'Hare airport , U.S. Rep. Mike Quigley said . View Full Caption Flickr/Ian Petchenik
O'HARE — An independent analysis of the approximately $ 10 billion expansion of O'Hare Airport is needed to determine whether the entire project was a `` mistake '' that has buried the Far Northwest Side under a blanket of jet noise , U.S. Rep. Mike Quigley said Wednesday .
Taxpayers have yet to see a return on the huge amount of money spent on the expansion , which has completely changed the way planes depart and arrive at the airport , Quigley said .
“ A lot of the O'Hare Modernization Plan may have been a mistake , '' Quigley said in an interview with DNAinfo Chicago . “ We need to put it all on the table . Billions of dollars are at stake . ”
Heather Cherone says Quigley questions how many taxpayers will benefit from the new runways :
U.S. Rep. Mike Quigley ( D-Chicago ) is asking city and federal officials to review the $ 10 billion O'Hare expansion plan before shutting down any more runways or opening new ones . View Full Caption DNAinfo/Alisa Hauser ( File )
The Federal Aviation Administration , the city 's Aviation Department and Mayor Rahm Emanuel should address the 180,000 jet noise complaints filed between October 2013 and September 2014 by completely rethinking the plan to expand O'Hare , Quigley said .
Quigley , whose district includes the airport , acknowledged that declaring the O'Hare Modernization Program a mistake would be a “ bitter pill ” for elected officials who have touted the expansion for nearly a decade as the best way to keep O'Hare among the busiest airports in the country , and boost Chicago 's economy with visits from tourists and business travelers .
“ It would be better to swallow it now than later , ” said Quigley , who has had his repeated requests for new environmental studies and hearings dismissed by federal officials . “ We 've got to rethink this . What does O'Hare need now to stay competitive ? We need to examine all of the airport 's shortcomings . ”
When questioned about jet noise , Emanuel and city officials frequently note that O'Hare `` drives the economic engine of the Chicago area ” and creates thousands of jobs .
That “ rigid approach ” has made it impossible to find solutions to the issue of jet noise , Quigley said .
The mayor , along with federal and local aviation officials , must do more to balance the airport 's considerable economic impact on the Chicago area with the harm jet noise and pollution is doing to neighborhoods — some more than 10 miles away from O'Hare — where residents had little to no jet noise before the new runway opened in 2013 , Quigley said .
“ I do n't think any of the three have addressed the issue so far , ” Quigley said . “ They can do so much more . ”
Spokesmen for the mayor and the Aviation Department did not respond Wednesday to the congressman 's remarks .
Federal aviation officials said flight patterns at O'Hare were designed to ensure the airport operates as efficiently and safely as possible .
FAA Administrator Michael Huerta said the three-year-long study of the environmental impact of the O'Hare Modernization Program `` was one of the most comprehensive environmental analyses we have ever conducted . ''
The expansion plan focused too much on building new runways rather than considering the entire airport , which also needed improvements to its terminals and grounds transportation to speed the flow of travelers , said Quigley .
With the next east-west runway scheduled to open in October , Quigley said he had asked FAA officials not to decommission any of O'Hare 's existing runways .
“ You need options , ” Quigley said . “ That 's the only way to spread out the noise . ”
It would be a “ monster oops ” to take runways out of service before examining whether the expansion plan meets the needs of O'Hare and the city , Quigley said .
“ It is a lot of money , and we deserve answers , ” Quigley said .
Another step toward addressing residents ' complaints would be to hire a “ nationally recognized expert with extraordinary credentials ” to replace Aviation Department Commissioner Rosemarie Andolino , who is expected to step down later this month , Quigley said .
Andolino 's “ sing-song ” response at a recent Chicago City Council budget hearing that nothing could be done to reduce the noise of jets flying to and from O'Hare without hurting the area 's economy was completely insufficient , Quigley said .
“ She does n't begin to understand the problem , ” Quigley said , referring to Andolino . `` And that is definitely part of the problem . ''
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here :
Many KDE 3 users depended on Krun , a simple yet effective application used to execute commands . Executed simply by pressing “ Alt-F2 ” , it was much easier to start applications using it , rather than navigating through a launch menu or opening a terminal window . The only catch with Krun was that you had to know the exact name of the command you intended to launch . With the advent of KDE 4 , that has all changed .
Krunner operates independently of the Plasma desktop system as a standalone application . It includes a ton of features that make it useful beyond simple command launching . It has retained many of the features present in KDE 3 and greatly expanded them . We would fail to do it justice if we did not give it a top ten list .
10 . Calculator
Do you need to figure out how much money you have left for groceries after subscribing to three MMORPGs ? Just press “ Alt-F2 ” or right-click on the desktop and press “ run command ” . To use Krunner as a calculator , type the = sign and then enter the equation . For example , type “ =890 * 12 ” , and it will output a calculator icon and the answer : “ 10680 ” . Simply select the answer to calculate the next equation with it . KDE 3 had a similar calculating feature that automatically opened Google 's calculator . With this you can calculate multiple times without leaving the Krunner window .
9 . Spellchecker
If you are anything like me , you are obsessed with spelling things correctly and yet could not spell to save your life . If you happen to be typing a blog post in OpenOffice.org or using Firefox 's spellcheck feature , you will be safe . But if you are in the middle of one of those MMORPGs and need to spell “ elemental ” correctly , hop into windowed mode and press “ Alt-F2 ” . Then type “ spell : ” followed by your best attempt at spelling the word you need . Krunner will offer suggestions .
8 . Unit converter
Are you planning to visit any country outside of the U.S. and can not understand why people “ do n't speak American ” ? KDE will rescue you again . Open Krunner and enter a number and any unit you can imagine . By default , it will convert that unit to meters . Add “ in ” or “ as ” followed by another unit , and it will immediately output the conversion . For example , type “ 5 miles in cm ” and it will output : “ 804672 centimeters ” .
7 . Contact finder
Whenever you need to shoot off a quick email , just type in the name of a person in your address book ( You must use Kaddressbook for this work ) . Krunner will pull up any names close to what you type and display : “ Mail to so-and-so ” .
6 . Website launcher
Krunner can launch any website you type in your default browser . It will also use konqueror shortcuts . For example , to search Google Images , enter : “ images : pandas ” . It will display its function before you press enter : “ Search Google Image Search for pandas ” . It can also launch bookmarks and browser history .
5 . Location launch
Are you tired of navigating through file folders ? Just type in the folder you want to reach in Krunner . If you want to open your Music folder , just type “ Music ” . It is really that simple .
4 . Desktop search
You know you typed a paper two years ago on tectonic plate shifting , but you just can not find it . If you are using Strigi , KDE 's desktop search system , Krunner can find it . Type in any search terms you want and let the desktop searching do the rest .
3 . Task manager
A slimmed down version of ksysguard , KDE 's task manager is available as a component within Krunner . Users can access it by clicking on the second icon from the left in the Krunner window or by pressing Ctrl-Esc anywhere within KDE . It is quick and easy , allowing you to monitor CPU and Memory usage . You can also kill applications at will . Use with care .
2 . Application search
Suppose you want to launch a card game but can not remember the name . Just type in “ card ” into Krunner , and your card game applications will appear . You can also begin typing the name of an application , and Krunner will display all the applications that start with those letters while you are typing .
1 . Command launcher
Even with all of the new features , nothing beats the original . Krunner is still a command launcher and still keeps a history of commands you have launched , which you can display either by beginning to retype them or opening the drop-down menu . Therefore , you only have to type “ kdesudo kate /etc/X11/xorg.conf ” once , and Krunner will remember it the next 20 times you want to tweak your X server .
Perhaps the greatest thing about Krunner is that it is extensible . Many of the plugins mentioned above were authored by users who were not on the original Krunner development team . Anyone can write a plugin , making the possibilities endless . Any plugins you do not like can be disabled , so KDE 3 purists can return it to command-launching-only status anytime they like . That is also useful on slower machines . With each release of KDE , however , Krunner will be even faster , with more awesome features to add the list .
* Note : These features are presented as they currently appear in KDE 4.3 , scheduled to be released at the end of July 2009 .
The government 's earthquake research committee said Sunday an unknown active fault may have caused a magnitude 6.3 earthquake that jolted western Japan early Saturday .
The active fault is believed to extend about 10 km from north to south , according to the committee .
“ There are many as-yet-unrecognized active faults , ” Yoshimori Honkura , the committee chief , told a press conference following its extraordinary meeting , warning that a magnitude 6-level quake could happen anywhere in Japan .
The committee members also shared a view that the quake on Saturday was associated somehow with the 1995 Great Hanshin Earthquake .
It also said 390 aftershocks were recorded in the 25 hours since the main tremor , and urged the public to stay alert to possible aftershocks for around one week .
The largest aftershock , with a magnitude of 3.8 , occurred at 5:41 a.m. Saturday , eight minutes after the main tremor , according to the committee .
The main quake on Saturday registered lower 6 on Japan 's seismic intensity scale of 7 on Awaji Island in Hyogo Prefecture , the highest intensity recorded in western Japan since the 1995 disaster .
Twenty-five people were injured , and around 1,930 houses were damaged , mainly on Awaji Island , by Saturday 's earthquake .
Welcome to Colwyn , Pennsylvania , where cops taser each other for giggles , and the mayor declares a state of emergency after county agents raid the police department in the course of an investigation into the torture of a local teen in a jail cell . Followed , of course , by a fistfight between residents and police at a borough council meeting .
The current trouble revolves around allegations that three Colwyn police officers tased 17-year-old Da'Qwan Jackson while he was handcuffed and locked in a holding cell . A witness to a fight , Jackson was being held on the usual standard-issue disorderly conduct charge after refusing to cooperate with investigating police and crumpling up a citation .
But , what started as an ... umm ... simple police brutality incident ? Well ... it then took on charged political overtones that may explain why local cops feel safe in using Tasers and prisoners for entertainment purposes .
Thursday 's raucous town meeting was held a day after Mayor Daniel Rutland , a white Republican , suspended a racially mixed group of three officers — including the borough 's acting chief — and declared a state of emergency hours after investigators from the Delaware County District Attorney 's Office raided the police station . The officers , Rutland said , were all suspected of participating in or trying to cover up the alleged repeated Tasing of 17-year-old Da'Qwan Jackson while he was purportedly handcuffed and confined in a holding cell April 24 . ... The suspended officers are Trevor Parham , who allegedly Tased Jackson ; Officer Michael Drucktor , who purportedly witnessed the Tasing and failed to report it ; and Wendell Reed , the department 's acting chief . The mayor accused Reed of failing to notify proper authorities about the alleged incident . None of the three would comment Thursday on the Tasing allegation . Hours after they turned in their badges and guns , Rutland and his political rival , Pray , the council president , seized on the investigation as a cudgel with which to beat each other politically . Pray had convened an emergency council meeting Wednesday night and had suspended another officer — Lt. Wesley Seitz , who first reported the Tasing allegations to Rutland . Rutland countered by declaring an emergency , reinstating his whistle-blower and promoting him to interim chief . “ They were trying to limit my authority over the Police Department , ” Rutland said in an interview . “ They are lying and putting this town in jeopardy. ” Then , at the council 's regularly scheduled meeting Thursday , the borough 's six-man force was upended again . After repealing the state of emergency , Pray and her allies voted to resuspend Seitz and reinstate Reed .
Did I say entertainment purposes ?
A YouTube video shows Colwyn Deputy Chief Wendell Reed Tasering a parking enforcement officer for laughs inside of the borough 's tiny police department . Reed was ousted from the department yesterday for the possible cover up of an incident involving a juvenile who was allegedly Tasered by Cpl . Trevor Parham while handcuffed in a holding cell April 24 . Parham was previously suspended by Lt. Wesley Seitz for the incident . The video , which was uploaded in January , shows the parking enforcement officer on his knees inside of the police station . Reed , who is in the white shirt , hands the prongs of the Taser to the man while a third officer stands behind and watches . All three laugh hysterically before and after Reed Tases the man .
Remember , kids , leave this sort of thing to the professional law-enforcement officers .
Right now , the tasing of Jackson is being turned over to an `` independent investigator '' to be hired by the borough council , while the mayor separately contacts the ( presumably Pennsylvania ) Attorney General .
No , really — that 's Colwyn , Pennsylvania , not Bolivia .
US Prez polls : Voter takes result updates in own hand , publish Google Doc amid Hawaiian delays
International
oi-Pallavi
Hawaii , March 28 : The ever buzzing mainstream media that did not stop voicing their analysis over the primary elections , went numb when Bernie Sanders swept a full round of Caucuses , defeating front-runner Hillary Clinton in all three of the day 's presidential contests .
Surprisingly , the news still flew in , thanks to the Internet . Unidentified voters took the electoral process in their own hands . A Google document- go-to source for the caucus results-was built by a few strangers . And the document projected the victory by Bernie Sanders , as the mainstream media waited on stalling , caucus organizers .
When the mainstream media was yet to gather details of the win , Alec Salisbury compiled his own set of stats from his computer in his Ithaca College dorm and posted the results . `` It 's been a very hectic 15 hours since the caucus results started coming in from WA , HI , and AK . I was ecstatic to see how incredibly close our projections came to the official results . It was amazing interacting and collaborating with like-minded voters from all across the country , '' said Salisbury after the final projections were broadcast by the media .
The party workers owe the delay to the sudden surge in the number of voters at various polling stations in the closing hours . It is said that some of the party followers were residents of internment camps or had migrated to Hawaii . But they joined in numbers to bolster the party 's chances of winning against Donald Trump .
[ Read : Trump effigy set ablaze in Mexico Easter ritual ]
Incidentally , the surge , if compared to the 2008 Caucus when then-senator Obama was running against Hillary Clinton for the presidential post , was much higher .
However , workers also owe the delay to party leadership 's decision not to release partial results .
A true Sanders supporter , Salisbury said that he had been treated unfairly , especially when he did not get as much coverage like that of Clinton and Republican front-runner Trump . Speaking of the results , he said , '' No one has really commented on the accuracy because no one really knows how accurate it is . Many are grateful online . They 're happy to have some idea of what might happen . ''
[ Read : US presidential polls 2016 : Hillary Clinton 's campaign looks nervous after Sanders 's big wins ? ]
He further added that gathering the results wa n't too difficult as he and his cohorts scrolled through Tweets with caucus-related hashtags .
[ Read : Bernie Sanders crushes Hillary Clinton in Alaska , Washington , Hawaii caucuses ]
OneIndia News
Review article
Abstract
Wild nine-banded armadillos ( Dasypus novemcinctus ) in the south central United States are highly endemic natural hosts of Mycobacterium leprae . Surveys conducted over the last 30 years on more than 5000 animals confirm that the infection is present among armadillos in Arkansas , Louisiana , Mississippi and Texas . Highest prevalence rates are found among the animals in low-lying alluvial and coastal areas , primarily in Louisiana and Texas . Both animal density and local factors may contribute to the detectability of armadillo leprosy in those regions . Little evidence for M. leprae infection is found among armadillos elsewhere in the US range , and only a few reports relate finding the infection among animals in Central or South America . However , the issue has received only scant attention in other countries . Armadillos only recently expanded their range into the US , and leprosy was present in Texas and Louisiana prior to the arrival of armadillos . The ecological relationship between humans and armadillos with M. leprae in this region remains unclear . However , infected armadillos constitute a large reservoir of M. leprae and they may be a source of infection for some humans in this country , and perhaps in other locations across the animal 's range .
Teenagers often complain about early starts but , according to a top lawyer , students could launch legal challenges against schools or exam boards for forcing them to take exams in the morning .
Employment law specialist Kate Hindmarch said male pupils may be able to claim they have been indirectly discriminated against by being made to sit morning exams , because they are not at their most alert .
Teenagers and their parents could use research that indicates youngsters become less alert in the morning when they enter adolescence , a trend that appears to be more pronounced in boys than girls , she said .
The suggestion comes after Dr Paul Kelley , a sleep expert at the University of Oxford , said more than 90 per cent of youngsters became less alert in the morning as they entered adolescence .
“ The body clock of 16-21-year-olds shifts dramatically by , on average , almost three hours , ” he said . “ So holding an exam at 9am is equivalent to a 6.30am exam for an adult . ”
Dr Kelley told a group of parents attending a talk at North Bridge House Senior School , an independent school in North London : “ Few adults would opt to sit a potentially life-changing test so early in the morning but that 's exactly what we expect of our young people .
“ It 's unjust and it 's unnecessary . Exams should be designed to get the best out of people and to be fair . For this age group morning exams are neither . ”
Ms Hindmarch , a senior partner in employment law at Langleys Solicitors , said that in order to make a claim against a school or exam board , a pupil or their parents would have to be able to demonstrate that they would have scored a higher result had the exam been taken at a different time of day .
“ The burden of proof would be on the pupil to establish if they sat , say , their maths exam in the afternoon they would have got a better grade . They would have to show that taking it in the morning had had a detrimental impact on them . ”
Schools do not decide on the timing of exams but Ms Hindmarch said a pupil or parent could challenge a school over its choice of exam boards if its papers were taken in the morning .
However , she suggested schools – or exam boards – should think twice before rushing to change exam times . “ If you started moving exams to 2pm you could get girls saying , 'We do better in the mornings , so a later start time affects us disproportionately ' , ” she said .
Jonathan Taylor , headteacher at North Bridge House , said : “ We have introduced a later start for sixth formers and we 'll consider starting the school day later still if teachers and students feel the benefit .
“ If all the research suggests that morning exams are having such a harmful effect on youngsters , then at the very least the exam boards should consider making A-levels afternoon-only exams . ”
Want to keep up with the latest education news and opinion ? Follow TES on Twitter and like TES on Facebook
WarDaddy `` RatRod ''
This design was inspired by the Mad Max vehicles and a Rat Rod . Wanted to make my own type of war machine type of vehicle .
Update 6/26
-Updated all images with minor improvements done to the design .
Features :
-Fully modified engine ( Used the rods )
-Sleek design
-8 Guns
-Fully cubed inside ( Maximum armor )
-Carbon Paintjob
-Very detailed
-Side armor 5 layers of cubes
-Front armor 15 layers of cubes
-Back armor 5 layers of cubes
-Top 4-5 layers of cubes
-Pilot is well protected
-Gun mounts with rods
Extra 's : ( Had extra cpu after filling the inside up with cubes ) .
-Seat added
-Steering wheel added
-Drive stick added
-Mirror added inside
-Engine
Pros :
-8 guns
-Very tanky ( structure is well designed inside )
-Fast
-Awesome design
Cons :
-Wheels are exposed
-Minor gun angle issues toward the back of vehicle ( not bad )
Duration 3-5 hrs
Property of PandaVengeance
Al Drago/CQ Roll Call via Getty Images Sen. Jeff Merkley ( D-Ore. ) , right , was the only sitting senator to endorse Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) for president .
WASHINGTON ― There 's no doubt that most Sen. Bernie Sanders ' ( I-Vt. ) supporters like Elizabeth Warren and Sherrod Brown . Both Democratic senators , often named as potential vice presidential picks for Hillary Clinton , are progressive and have a strong track record on the economic issues they hold dear .
But increasingly , another name is popping up : Sen. Jeff Merkley ( D-Ore. ) , the only sitting senator who endorsed Sanders for president .
“ Bernie supporters , they would love it . He 's qualified something up and down , ” said Larry Cohen , a senior adviser to Sanders who previously served as president of the Communications Workers of America .
“ I was out on the campaign with him in Oregon and elsewhere , and he was amazing , ” Cohen added . “ He works incredibly hard . Modest ― all of the things we 'd want in a vice president . ”
Merkley 's name has n't been floated much in media reports about Clinton 's shortlist , and her campaign did n't return a request for comment . Needless to say , he 's a long shot . But he 's still someone who Sanders supporters say would be a solid choice if Clinton wants to show she 's serious about bringing them into the fold for November .
“ By bringing in the only sitting senator who endorsed Bernie onto the ticket , I think that that 's a strong way to signal to the political revolution that the Clinton campaign and Hillary Clinton herself gets what the political revolution brings to the table , ” said Charles Chamberlain , executive director of the progressive group Democracy for America , which endorsed Sanders in the primary .
Robert Reich , who served as President Bill Clinton 's labor secretary , also floated Merkley in a Facebook post recently :
Merkley supporters argue that the senator has four main selling points . First , he 's strong on economic issues , on which Sanders supporters still view Clinton with some unease . He 's a vocal opponent of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal , and although Clinton is also against it , she touted it when serving as President Barack Obama 's secretary of state . Sanders supporters say they 'd be reassured if Merkley were on the ticket . Merkley has also been a leader on financial reform in Congress ― another area where Sanders supporters are skeptical of Clinton and her ties to Wall Street .
Second , choosing Merkley as opposed to Ohio 's Brown , for example , would n't necessarily cost Democrats a Senate seat . If Clinton chose Brown as her vice presidential running mate , Ohio Gov . John Kasich ( R ) would get to appoint his replacement to serve until the next election in 2018 . In Oregon , Merkley 's seat would remain vacant until there 's a special election .
The law in Warren 's state of Massachusetts allows the governor ― currently a Republican ― to name a replacement until a special election is held 145-160 days later . Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( D-Nev. ) , however , has already been looking for loopholes to shorten the amount of time a gubernatorial replacement would be able to be in office . Sen. Tim Kaine ( D-Va. ) , another vice presidential contender , would have his seat filled with an appointment by the state 's governor , who is also a Democrat .
Third , Merkley won re-election running on a strong economic populist message in 2014 , the year Republicans retook control of the Senate . He grew up in working-class Oregon and supporters say he could connect with voters who might be less enthusiastic about Clinton .
Merkley could also aid Clinton when she 's in office , argues Campaign for America 's Future co-founder Robert Borosage .
“ Not incidentally , Merkley would be a great vice president , ” Borosage wrote in a recent post . “ No one has Biden 's Senate years , but like Biden , Merkley is an experienced legislator with broad ties in the Senate . He knows how to build coalitions . As Speaker of the House in Oregon , he assembled and passed a remarkable reform agenda . ”
Merkley 's office did not return a request for comment for this article .
A few Sanders supporters are also still sore that Warren stayed neutral in the presidential primary , believing that if she had backed Sanders , he could have won more states , including Massachusetts .
“ I definitely think there is an extremely small sample of Bernie supporters that may never forgive Elizabeth Warren , ” Chamberlain said . “ But that is a tiny , tiny fraction of the 12 million votes that Bernie Sanders got across this country . ”
He added that at the end of the day , Sanders supporters would be thrilled with either Warren or Merkley .
“ The bottom line is that Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren both are fighting for a real economic vision for America that rebuilds the middle class , ” he added . “ Bernie Sanders supporters get that , and they fully support Elizabeth Warren . ”
LUXEMBOURG/LONDON ( Reuters ) - The European Union told Britain on Tuesday it must make more concessions in talks over its departure from the bloc , offering little hope of a breakthrough for Prime Minister Theresa May at a summit later this week .
Britain 's Prime Minister Theresa May is greeted by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker while leaving the European Commission headquarters after a meeting in Brussels , Belgium October 16 , 2017 . REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
May travelled to Brussels on Monday for dinner with senior EU officials , hoping to nudge the Brexit talks forward to look at future ties which she says will help London make advances on calculating a financial settlement .
But hours after the dinner , ministers from EU countries , even those such as the Netherlands that have much to lose if there is no Brexit deal , said May needed to go further on detailing how much Britain will pay when it leaves the bloc .
After losing her governing Conservatives ' majority in a June election and struggling through the party 's annual conference , May has little room for manoeuvre — unable to increase her offer on the Brexit bill for fear of angering her own party .
“ We , the 27 together , find it extremely important that substantial progress is made on all three areas , ” Dutch Foreign Minister Bert Koenders told reporters .
But he also said the EU would offer May an olive branch at their summit on Friday by saying they would start preparing among themselves for talks on a post-Brexit transition in order to be able to engage with Britain swiftly after London delivers .
“ I hope that in the UK the reality comes in that this is a possibility to come to the next stage in December , ” Koenders said in Luxembourg where ministers were preparing for the summit this Thursday and Friday .
After the Brussels dinner on Monday , May and European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker said the pace of Brexit negotiations should be stepped up after they stalled largely over the size of the divorce bill .
The EU 's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier struck a note of caution on Tuesday .
“ It takes two to accelerate , ” he told reporters as he arrived to brief EU ministers in Luxembourg . “ One step after another ... We are not finished with the first step . ”
Neither side signalled there would be much movement at the EU summit after five rounds of talks , and some EU ministers in Luxembourg on Tuesday said it was hard to negotiate with a prime minister under pressure from Brexit hardliners .
“ Sometimes it 's very difficult to see and understand what Britain really wants from these negotiations , ” said Finland 's deputy minister , Samuli Virtanen . “ It seems that at the moment EU 27 is more unanimous than UK 1 . ”
With only 17 months before Britain leaves , the lack of progress in the talks have prompted companies to get ready not only for London leaving without a deal but also for a prolonged lack of certainty which makes investment decisions difficult .
Britain 's Brexit minister David Davis said separately that London had no plans to walk away from the negotiations and that he hoped the looming EU summit would “ build on the momentum and spirit of cooperation we now have . ”
NOT ENOUGH PROGRESS
At the summit in Brussels on Thursday and Friday , May is due to set out Britain 's Brexit position and then leave the room as the other EU leaders discuss the progress of the talks to unravel more than 40 years of union .
According to a draft of the conclusions for the summit , the EU are unlikely to agree with May that it is time to move the talks forward , but will instead suggest starting a discussion on transition among themselves .
That comes after May also talked on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron in recent days , with sources saying both Paris and Berlin rebuffed her advances and stuck to the EU line .
Foreign minister Boris Johnson told the British parliament on Tuesday he hoped “ our friends and partners ” in the EU would discuss the transition period , saying “ if we 're going to get on to that kind of question , now is the time for them to do so ” .
British officials have increasingly accepted that Friday will not bring the breakthrough they had hoped for , but believe an improved tone may mean that might not be too far off .
“ The PM is pleased with how the dinner went , it was productive , it was a friendly discussion , ” a May spokesman said .
“ We have been absolutely clear that we can only resolve the financial implications of the UK 's withdrawal and other issues as part of the settlement of all the issues . ”
But members of her party have reduced May 's room for manoeuvre , with some Brexit campaigners saying if there was no progress on Friday , the prime minister should walk away .
“ It 's all about the money and if she ups the bid now , that is a really hard sell politically , ” a senior source in May 's governing Conservative Party told Reuters .
The search for a new Earth outside the solar system seems to be nearing its end . NASA 's Ames Research Center astronomer Thomas Barclay has found a planet nearly the size of Earth in the habitable zone of a star in the Milky Way .
Barclay 's announcement at the Search for Life Beyond the Solar System conference has n't been officially published yet , so the details are scarce . We know that :
1 . It 's an M1 red dwarf star ( maybe we should call it Krypton . )
2 . It 's a goldilocks planet , orbiting within the zone where liquid water ( and life ) can exist .
Advertisement
3 . It 's radius is only 1.1 times the size of Earth . Until now the minimum size for a new Earth candidate was 1.4 times—Kepler-62f , which orbits a star about 1,200 light years away from us .
4 . At least five other planets are orbiting this red dwarf .
I ca n't wait for that new telescope starshade that will let us take actual photos of these new worlds .
Advertisement
SPLOID is a new blog about awesome stuff . Join us on Facebook
If you think it 's okay for babies to be killed in the womb because they have a disability , then be honest : you support eugenics .
A recent CBS News article covered the consistently low rate of Down Syndrome births in Iceland , reporting that nearly 100 percent of women who receive a positive result for Down Syndrome from their prenatal tests “ choose ” ( and I use that term loosely ) to abort their unborn child .
Many have corrected the notion that Iceland is “ eradicating ” the chromosomal abnormality of DS , as the original CBS article put it , when it is instead facilitating the extermination of unborn babies who possess it . If we are to lower the abortion rate of Down Syndrome babies in the U.S. ( currently estimated at about 67 percent ) and across the globe , we must look earnestly at how exactly a 100 percent termination rate is being achieved in Iceland .
Why Mothers Abort Down Syndrome Babies
None of these terminations are coerced . There is no Nazi-like mandate in Iceland to exterminate the “ undesirables , ” or a denial of healthcare to women who choose life for their allegedly disabled children . Rather , the use of prenatal screening tests ( the Combination Test , not to be confused with the newer non-invasive prenatal testing , or NIPT ) is ubiquitous and inexpensive and has been available in the country since 2000 .
According to CBS News , “ While the tests are optional , the government states that all expectant mothers must be informed about the availability of screening tests , which reveal the likelihood of a child being born with Down syndrome. ” CBS reports that testing is about 85 percent accurate and about 85 percent of pregnant women in Iceland opt to have the testing done .
While geneticist Kari Stefansson told CBS the genetic counseling accompanying the test is “ heavy handed ” in their socialized healthcare system , no one is forced to take the test . Yet Iceland usually has only two Down Syndrome births out of roughly 4,000 Icelandic babies born each year . The instance of the trisomy 21 is about one in 800 babies born in the U.S. , which means that Iceland has a 60 percent lower DS birth rate than ours .
The impact of Iceland 's prenatal screening does n't sound all that dramatic , but it 's likely this is underestimating the impact of prenatal testing , because that 's just the rate of trisomy 21 in babies born . It does n't include the preborn . If the majority of Down Syndrome babies are destroyed before birth , the real rate of occurrence of DS is actually much higher , and Iceland is actually doing a thorough job of preventing the birth of babies with Down Syndrome .
If the U.S. birth rate for Down Syndrome is only 33 percent , then the real rate of DS here is 3 in 800 ( .00375 percent ) . Comparatively , Iceland 's rate is only one in 2,000 births ( .0005 percent ) , 7.5 times lower than ours , and their births are almost solely attributed to the 15 percent that opt not to take the test .
That is no small achievement . Denmark , which has similar non-coercive prenatal screening laws , has a near 98 percent Down Syndrome abortion rate , while the UK rate is about 90 percent .
David Harsanyi rightly pointed out that abortion for reasons of disability is eugenics . This is undeniable : eugenics is about eliminating undesirable characteristics from a population more so than actively promoting “ good breeding. ” The programs of the Nazis included state-mandated sterilization of the disabled and mentally ill ( a loose definition that included “ the feeble-minded ” and even alcoholics ) , soon followed by state-mandated extermination of those same types of individuals .
Yes , an ideal “ master race ” that went beyond simply the able-bodied was a goal , and yes , exterminating an entire ethnic group ( the Jews ) became a goal . But the core of eugenics was always a liberal dispensation of death to the undesirables .
The Nazis are the model for eugenics carried to its most evil extreme . But were the goals of the Nazis evil , or just the 100,000-plus murders of the disabled the state committed in the name of a healthy and ethnically ideal population ( bearing in mind especially that they started their eugenic exterminations with the most vulnerable , with children under three years old ) ? Is it any less evil for an individual to decide of her own volition to exterminate another “ undesirable ” human life than for the state to do the same ? Is it any less evil for a government to promote the eradication of the “ unfit ” because they are expensive to care for in their socialized healthcare systems , than for a mother to decide she just does n't want the burden of a special needs child ?
The Rise of ‘ Nudgenics '
The group of mothers interviewed by CBS News said for the most part that they did n't feel pressured to take the test , though one mother admitted that when she was told that most other women get the test , that influenced her decision “ a little bit. ” As Hulda Hjartardottir , head of the Prenatal Diagnosis Unit at the hospital where the vast majority of Icelandic babies are born , noted , “ We try to do as neutral counseling as possible , but some people would say that just offering the test is pointing you towards a certain direction. ” In other words , women are being nudged toward the test , but the counseling that comes after a positive result , if we are to believe Stefansson , applies more pressure . A 100 percent termination rate upon positive results certainly indicates that is the case .
Yes , it 's technically a choice to take the test . Even if the test were to be mandated , the choice to continue your pregnancy is entirely up to you . As a letter to the UN expressing concern over prenatal screening for Down Syndrome and other genetic markers of disability framed the problem , “ History repeats itself . The extermination of ‘ unwanted ' persons from society happens sooner and is slickly marketed as ‘ individual choice ' . The effect on society is the same . ”
That same letter to the UN expressed concern about the rapid adoption of NIPT ( non-invasive prenatal testing ) across Europe and the U.S. , which screens for the most common chromosomal anomalies , including Down Syndrome . A paper in the International Journal of Women 's Health echoed that concern :
“ There are concerns that NIPT could become “ routinized ” , or merged into the barrage of blood draws that accompany pregnancy visits . If patients are not given a clear choice about whether or not to undergo NIPT , they may not have an opportunity to think through whether they truly want the test results or how they would react to them…While NIPT as a primary screen could reduce health care costs , it would also allow only one point of contact between a pregnant woman and her physician in which to discuss the implications of undergoing prenatal testing . There is already evidence that both physicians and patients feel there is less need to obtain written consent for NIPT than for invasive testing . ”
The developed world is experiencing “ nudgenics ” : eugenics via nudge ( and beyond that , overt pressure from doctors and other individuals ) . But victims are victims regardless of whether the act was a product of coercion , persuasion , or merely “ choice architecture , ” as Cass Sunstein and Richard Thaler call it in “ Nudge . ”
‘ Life Unworthy of Life '
The problem with testing for Down Syndrome is n't the fact that you know your child has Trisomy 21 before birth . Testing is amoral . The problem with testing has always been in the presentation and exploitation by governments and individuals alike to eliminate those deemed “ unfit for life ” before the point at which it becomes legal murder for one to do so . In Iceland , abortion is legal up to 16 weeks , except in the case of an abnormal fetus . You can repeat that testing is totally optional and abortion is totally optional all you want .
The fact is that the Icelandic government and many others have codified the idea that Down Syndrome life is less valuable than non-Down Syndrome life . Such states have accepted the idea that some life is “ life unworthy of life ” or “ Lebensunwertes Leben. ” Instead of using their coercive power in pursuit of this perverse idea , they ensure that healthcare professionals nudge , persuade , even pressure parents toward that end . Doctors can paint the most dire picture of the life of their disabled child without offering resources or any evidence that their child might live a full and fulfilling life , and their expertise carries weight .
Culture , too , has already primed their minds to make the worst choice . “ The desire to be perfect and healthy is anchored in people 's minds through public discourse . Because of that , many expectant parents have a conflicted conscience , ” as doctor and historian Christiane Rothmaler told Deutsche Welle in a discussion of Nazi eugenics . If you are waiting for state coercion to trigger your concern about eugenics , you ignore the tragedy unfolding right now as institutions encourage individuals to eradicate the “ unfit . ”
The libertarians and the far left are largely in agreement that consent and volition are the highest values when it comes to personal decisions around sex and reproduction . Olafsdottir tells women who are wrestling with the decision or feelings of guilt , “ This is your life—you have the right to choose how your life will look like. ” As long as the state is n't forcing anybody to do anything , there 's really nothing wrong with a 100 percent termination rate for Down Syndrome babies . “ That 's not eugenics or genocide , ” they argue . “ There 's no targeting of a specific group for destruction . It 's all just individuals who happen to be making the same choice . ”
You Ca n't Argue For ‘ Choice ' And Life in the Same Breath
You could argue that this is n't genocide in the strict sense of the word . But you ca n't argue it 's not eugenics . If you think it 's okay for tiny , innocent preborn babies to be killed in the name of lebensunwerten lebens , if you call it a “ mercy death , ” then be honest : you support eugenics .
But if your highest ideal in the area of sex and reproduction is volition and consent , then you must concede that abortion violates this principle . The baby does n't get to choose whether he wants to die or not , does he ? You ca n't have it both ways . If you value “ healthy life ” over “ life , ” what 's wrong with the government enforcing your ideal anyway ? But if you value voluntary choice , then you have to abandon the idea that the “ unfit ” can be killed by either an individual or the state .
Olafsdottir told CBS News correspondent Elaine Quijano that seeing abortion of Down children as murder is “ so black and white. ” She insisted that , “ Life is n't black and white . Life is grey . ”
But there is no grey area , there 's only equivocation and cognitive dissonance . The left 's position on this is inherently contradictory . You ca n't call the eradication of Down Syndrome babies a tragedy and still support the right to eradicate them . You ca n't value consent and support that right , and you ca n't maintain an artificial distinction between the individual and the state when it comes to lethal application of eugenics .
The only consistent position is that life is intrinsically valuable . There is no middle ground .
SHARE
By
Following a national trend of brick-and-mortar campus bookstores falling to online competitors , the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee announced Tuesday it has signed a five-year contract with eCampus.com for a virtual bookstore that officials estimate will save students up to 60 % on textbooks .
College textbooks have skyrocketed in price — more than three times the average increase for all goods and services since the late 1970s , according to Mark J. Perry , a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and professor of economics and finance at the University of Michigan 's Flint campus .
Faced with rising college costs , students have turned to less expensive online sources such as eCampus.com and competitors Amazon and Chegg to buy used textbooks or rent them with the added perk of fast , free shipping .
With students turning elsewhere , UWM says textbook and course material sales at the UWM Bookstore have dropped $ 1.7 million , or 23.2 % , since fiscal 2010 .
UWM students spend an average of $ 800 per year on books , according to UWM 's financial aid office . That number may be low , as the College Board 's estimate for four-year public schools is about $ 1,200 .
Savings with eCampus.com are expected to be about $ 480 for the typical UWM student , the university estimates .
This fall , students will still buy textbooks through the UWM Bookstore in the student union , but they will return them to eCampus.com at the end of the semester .
Starting with the spring semester , students will be able to order , rent , sell and return books through eCampus.com with free , two-day shipping . Or , they can order in person at the bookstore , which will be renovated into a Panther Spirit Shop with a kiosk for eCampus.com Store @ UWM .
The deal , originally reported by The Digital Reader , will guarantee UWM at least $ 375,000 for the first year . That amount will go up each year , with a guarantee of at least $ 500,000 by the fifth year , according to the final contract .
ECampus.com has allocated $ 300,000 to build a storefront/kiosk in the student union , and $ 50,000 for equipment .
UWM joins about 150 universities around the country that contract with eCampus.com for textbooks and other course materials .
Brick-and-mortar bookstores have high overhead because they estimate the number of books students will buy for each course , and stock accordingly . When students do n't buy up the inventory , the remaining books have to be shipped back to publishers , explained Scott Peak , executive director of auxiliary services at UWM .
`` It 's difficult to predict demand , '' Peak said , especially with online competitors taking a big chunk of the business .
The UWM Bookstore has been losing about $ 300,000 a year in recent years , largely because of declining textbook sales , Peak said . The bookstore is not funded by tuition or tax dollars ; it is self-sustaining .
Students who rent textbooks from an online source pay 40 % to 50 % of the list price , and get free shipping , said Mark J. Carson , vice president of customer experience for eCampus.com .
They are allowed to highlight and underline in rental textbooks , but not take extensive notes .
Textbook rentals and used textbooks are equally popular , Carson said . The advantage of rentals is less money upfront . Resale value of used textbooks depends on the estimated future demand for the book , he said .
The new partnership will provide an exclusive rewards program for UWM students , faculty members , parents and alumni . ECampus.com has partnerships with more than 300 popular online retailers , giving UWM students credit toward their books for purchases they and their families make online , according to a UWM news release .
Purchases made by alumni and faculty members also earn credit , with that money going to help provide scholarships for current and future students . The company committed to providing UWM students with tens of thousands of dollars in textbook scholarships over the next five years , along with supporting general scholarships , event sponsorships and campus promotions .
VAN JONES : I 'm watching Twitter , I 'm watching social media , and I 'm looking at the difference between the way the Democrats are responding to this and the Republican base . Republican base loves this stuff , and still loves all this stuff . But I think this is actually a -- it 's accumulating , now , a sense of unease in the part of people who are watching this . That there seems to be so much vitriol , so much fearmongering . Really , it 's almost , they 've erased what they did with Melania , for the people who are watching the whole night . Melania , I actually was surprised . Democrats , there were some snarky things about , well , loyalty to the third wife . There was some snarky stuff , but in general you saw Democrats giving her a break . Now you 're seeing , the response this now is just so much fear mongering , I think that they 're actually doing themselves harm .
The notoriously reclusive band has n't released an album since 2006 's 10,000 Days , yet 15,000 fans packed into the sold-out arena , anxious to reconnect with the L.A.-based quartet who boldly redefined metal in the '90s with a thunderous combination of art-rock , prog , and alternative angst .
But the band sounded too comfortable with their success , delivering a safe , predictable , at times even listless performance that lacked the ferocity of their past local shows . Instead of learning to swim , as frontman Maynard James Keenan ferociously instructs on “ Ænima , ” the band seemed content to tread water for much of the 110-minute set .
Rather than providing any meaningful glimpses into material they have been working on over the past decade ( other than a meandering new instrumental “ Descending ” ) , Tool performed the roiling anthems of outrage from earlier in their career with a raw vehemence that has n't aged well , and without a fresh edge or any distinctive sparks .
Keenan may have been dressed for combat , donning what appeared to be SWAT team riot gear , but there was n't much fight in him . The quirky lead singer kept to the shadows toward the back of the stage , like he typically does , content to let guitarist Adam Jones , bassist Justin Chancellor , and drummer Danny Carey lead the way .
Self-satisfaction does n't suit this band . Tool can reemerge every few years from the creative netherworld ( or vineyard , in Keenan 's case ) to remind everyone that they still exist , trot out the same batch of songs that first captured everyone 's attention , and know that fans will flock to see them . But that routine has grown stale . The sinister unpredictability of the band 's sound , look , and stage set has been replaced by a show that resembles a conventional art-house film set to the music of Tool , and the musicians are like actors in a carefully choreographed song-and-dance routine .
The backdrops were filled with images we 've come to identify with the band over the years : animations of claustrophobic , dystopian nightmares , stained glass renderings from the gates of hell , and gruesome , torn anatomy . But for a band that has continuously offered their fans a modern twist on how metal can sound , look , and make you feel , a mere retread of past work – both musically and visually – comes off as a tepid disappointment , as though the band is frustratingly frozen in place . They even cut a song short from their standard encore , skipping a version of either “ Vicarious ” or `` The Pot , ” though there was still plenty of time before curfew .
Plenty of moments during the set reminded everyone of Tool 's untamed musical potency . The slow-burning , textured menace of “ Schism ” ignited the early portion of the show , and was followed by a combustible version of “ Ænima ” whose apocalyptic visions of the Pacific Ocean swallowing up California took on an added significance in the days following the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement .
To that end , Maynard did get philosophical during his only time speaking to the crowd ( other than thanking us ) during a breakdown in “ Opiate ” : “ The world is a fucking mess . But I see a way out . It 's going to take a lot of hard work , it 's going to take some introspection , and it 's going to take each one of you to get it done . Here 's where I start . I assume that I 'm wrong about everything . I get so much done questioning myself , assuming I 'm wrong ; I get more done than most people . So that 's what you have to do . Look inside , assume you 're wrong , and start from there . Good news for me though , I 'm usually fucking right . ”
Heady advice for a world grown so wrong , but “ I get more done than most people ” is a bit farcical when you consider Keenan 's band has n't released a new album in almost 11 years . Still , impatient demands for new material quickly faded when confronted with old songs that still hit as hard as “ Third Eye ” and “ Forty-Six & 2. ” That dynamic combination , closing out the main set , was the night 's clear high watermark .
Those heights were not to be reached again during a rushed encore , which came after a 10-minute break between sets and kicked off with an indulgent drum solo . Confetti cannons went off toward the end of “ Stinkfist. ” Confetti cannons . The old Tool would n't have had anything to do with fucking confetti , which made the event feel more like a circus than a hard-hitting metal show . Here 's to hoping that Tool rediscovers that old magic on their long-awaited new album , and bring back a live show that does justice to their raucous , volatile roots .
Setlist
The Grudge
Parabol
Parabola
Schism
Opiate
Ænima
Descending
Jambi
Third Eye
Forty-Six & 2
Encore
Drum Solo
Sweat
( - ) Ions
Stinkfist
Denverites know that there 's no better place to spend a summer night than in the fresh air , on a patio , with a drink in hand . The beer tastes a little colder and the wine more full-bodied . The only thing that can energize a bar patio more than titillating conversation is live music . Before summer 's over , drink and dance under the moonlight on one of these Denver rooftops and patios to the sounds of a live band or killer DJ .
Larimer Lounge
2721 Larimer Street
This RiNo venue is a staple for catching Denver 's best live acts and national artists before they strike it big . Glass Animals and Arcade Fire played at the Larimer Lounge long before they played Red Rocks . The club has a small front patio where you can watch the RiNo crowd wander up and down Larimer Street , and a back patio that 's a great hideaway . Check the bar 's website for a calendar of concerts .
Continue Reading
Interesting decor and even more interesting people adorn the Thin Man . Eric Gruneisen
The Thin Man
2015 East 17th Avenue
Funky decor and an equally funky crowd make the Thin Man a great bar in a neighborhood that 's usually pretty quiet . Bands play out back , where you can enjoy them under the stars — and while you 're doing that , you can sip on one of the bar 's many infused vodkas or tequilas .
Patio sofas wrap around fire pits at FIRE Lounge . Westword
FIRE Lounge ( Rooftop Patio of the ART Hotel )
1201 Broadway
FIRE Lounge was named Best Rooftop Patio in our 2017 Best of Denver edition . Take an elevator in the trendy ART to the spacious and comfortable patio located above Broadway for views of the Golden Triangle and Capitol Hill . The cocktail menu boasts artisan drinks and crafted cocktails named after the likes of Jackson Pollock and Vincent van Gogh . During social hour and later into the night , a DJ spins ambient and down-tempo beats on the FIRE terrace for maximum chilling .
The thirst is real at the Gin Mill . Westword
The Ginn Mill
2041 Larimer Street
The Ginn Mill has a patio and a live DJ nearly every night of the week . The soundtrack is your standard mix of top 40 , hip-hop and throwbacks . If you like a young crowd and can stomach the germ-infested free popcorn , this is definitely one of Denver 's best bars for watching drunken bros on the hunt for love – or at least a one-night stand .
The Gutter is the best way to keep your drinks cool while you dance at Local 46 . Westword
Local 46 Bar & Biergarten
4586 Tennyson Street
Local 46 is a great spot for keeping it local . The beer list boasts rotating local brews , and the outdoor grill fires up burgers with Aspen Ridge all-natural beef . But the real reason to come here is the great assortment of live music . The venue 's calendar is jam-packed with local bands four nights a week . There 's an open stage every Monday , and Thursdays are karaoke night .
EXPAND The front door and expansive patio at Maddie 's . Mark Antonation
Maddie 's Restaurant
2425 South Downing Street
Looking for food and bluegrass ? Try Maddie 's . Once the majority of college students have moved home for the summer , Maddie 's gears up its Maddie 's Pickin ' on the Patio concert series . Every Sunday through the end of July , patrons can enjoy brunch , drinks and live bluegrass on the patio from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. View the lineup of bluegrass artists on Maddie 's website .
Grab a beer at the Tavern before the next Rockies game . Westword
The Tavern
1949 Market Street
The Tavern has one of the best rooftop patios in central Denver . With views of LoDo , downtown and the outside of Coors Field , the Tavern Downtown is a great place to dance to DJs after the sun sets on LoDo . Fridays in the summer are when the Tavern really heats up : Every Friday from 5 to 7 p.m. , Alice 105.9 's Slacker & Steve go live from the rooftop with LIVE @ FIVE , a free happy-hour concert series of intimate performances from some of pop radio 's classic acts . This year 's lineup included John Rzeznik , LeAnn Rimes and Eve 6 . To view the full roster of LIVE @ FIVE artists , visit the Tavern 's event page . And be sure to get there early : These concerts are first come , first served , and the patio fills up fast .
The Meadowlark is n't big , but you 'll feel like part of the Denver scene . Ken Hamblin III
The Meadowlark
2701 Larimer Street
The Meadowlark is a great place to dance the night or morning away in the ever-trendy RiNo Art District . The bar has a full calendar of music events held on its intimate screened-in patio . Dance on Sundays from 3 to 10 p.m. for the perfect after-party to your boozy brunch . Mondays showcase jazz in the basement , and Tuesdays are open-mic nights . Find a full calendar of themed DJ and live-music events on the Meadowlark 's website .
EXPAND The small concrete patio basks in the glow of neon beer signs at Tooey 's Off Colfax . Westword
Tooey 's Off Colfax
1521 Marion Street
Tooey 's Off Colfax is a hidden gem not far from the Ogden and the Fillmore , making it a great spot for a pre- or post-show beer . Moreover , the bar offers specials before and after concerts when you present a same-day ticket stub , and live music that you can hear from the quaint patio .
There is plenty of room to dance or chill on the rooftop of Club Vinyl . Westword
Club Vinyl
1082 Broadway
Club Vinyl 's rooftop has incredible views of Denver and the mountains , as well as a head-thumping sound system that pumps out tunes by house and dance DJs . Weekly events include Hip-Hop Thursdays , Fiesta Fridays and Climax Sundays . The rooftop is open for touring DJs and events throughout the summer ; check the club 's website for details .
EXPAND Somebody got the best parking spot in town — on the rooftop at Linger . Mark Antonation
Linger
2030 West 30th Avenue
Linger offers a beautiful view of downtown Denver from its hip Lower Highland location . The former mortuary is hosting a new event this summer : Beats & Brunch . On Saturdays and Sundays from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. , millennials gather on the rooftop for `` rap music and wrap food . '' Take in the views , eat some of Denver 's best brunch food , order a Frosé , and enjoy what 's left of the Colorado summer . Reservations are recommended .
EXPAND A view of the stage inside Brik on York . Danielle Lirette
Brik on York
2223 East Colfax Avenue
Few restaurants combine the elements that Brik on York manages to mix so well . Patio ? Check . Great wine list ? Check . Great Italian menu ? Check . Great people-watching ? You betcha . All of this plus an eclectic mix of live events including DJs , comedy and jazz performances . When the weather is nice , the front windows open up to the patio on Colfax . To view the venue 's live-music schedule , visit the Brik on York website .
The wraparound rooftop patio at the ViewHouse offers views of downtown , the mountains and Coors Field . Danielle Lirette
The ViewHouse ( downtown location )
2015 Market Street
Right across the street from Coors Field is one of Denver 's most-visited kitchens and bars . The ViewHouse has both a large ground-level patio flanked by cabanas and an expansive rooftop patio . Open for lunch , dinner and late-night , the venue caters to patrons visiting from neighborhoods all over Denver . Weekend nights are packed with dancers ; a live DJ spins a mix of dance tunes , top 40 , hip-hop and mash-ups to please the masses . Multiple bars serve the ViewHouse patio and outdoor areas , so you 'll have many opportunities to order Fireball shots for you and your dance partner .
EXPAND There 's often music on the roof of the Museum of Contemporary Art . Ken Hamblin
Museum of Contemporary Art/Denver
1485 Delgany Street
Yes , you can drink and dance on the rooftop of the Museum of Contemporary Art . Head to the top floor and out the door for a terrace with views up and down 15th Street . If you purchase a membership for just $ 45 , you 'll also receive 10 percent off in the indoor cafe . But while the drinks and the rooftop are great , the events put on there are even better . B-Side Music Fridays showcase local artists and DJs throughout the summer , and the museum hosts other concerts , parties and pop-up dinners , as well . Check out the calendar for rooftop music events .
EXPAND Herb 's has it all . Photo by Justin Criado
Herb 's Hideout
2057 Larimer Street
Herb 's Hideout is appropriately named ; it 's a hideout from the typical downtown college crowd . A longtime staple for live music and a former haunt of Beat writer Jack Kerouac , Herb 's is a music lover 's dream . Fridays and Saturdays are wild nights for music , with reggae , jazz , rock and funk blaring from the speakers . There 's a small patio in the front for sitting , talking and smoking . Herb 's is always filled with great music and great people , so while you could check the calendar to see who 's playing , every night is a good night here .
A typical scene of the rooftop bar at Lodo 's before a Rockies game . Westword
Lodo 's Bar & Grill
1946 Market Street
The crowded area around Coors Field has many options for weekend DJs and drinks . Lodo 's Bar & Grill gets the party started at 10 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays with a DJ enticing people to dance and a rooftop patio decorated with lights that change color with the music . Lodo 's has a new location in Westminster , where suburbanites now have their own patio , replete with a live DJ .
Stem Ciders has ciders by the glass , bottle or growler . Westword
Stem Ciders
2811 Walnut Street
Denverites love their beer and wine , but it 's time to put cider in the spotlight : Stem Ciders brews eight varieties at its taproom . The front of the bar has a patio with picnic tables for cider-sippers . Thursday nights at 7 and 9:30 p.m. , the space hosts bluegrass artists for a free night of music . Drink up and wind down ; there are food trucks there , too !
Retro is always in at the Shag Lounge . Courtesy of Shag Lounge
The Shag Lounge
830 15th Street
Amid the office buildings along 15th Street is the one and only Shag Lounge . On Fridays , DJ Grim spins funk , hip-hop , R & B and soul music after 9 p.m . The dive-bar drink specials are pretty shag-a-delic , as is the patio that joins the bar when the door is rolled up . The only thing funkier than this spot is the crowd .
EXPAND Let 's be honest : Those benches are best for shaking it , not sitting . Westword
X Bar
629 East Colfax Avenue
X Bar is one of the most fun bars on Colfax – and there are a lot of bars on Colfax . A hub for the LGBTQ community , this spot , with a large patio and outdoor bar , has long been a place to let loose and dance . From Wayback Wednesday to DJ Taketwo 's Saturday night dance party , there 's almost always something happening . Check out X Bar 's website to find out what .
Bar Standard at a standstill before young dancers occupy the rooftop . Courtesy : 10Best
Bar Standard
1037 Broadway
Bar Standard is another Broadway club , just south of the Capitol , that offers a fabulous rooftop for dancing . The Wednesday night STEAM series transitioned to the rooftop bar for the summer , allowing local electronic DJs to showcase their talent . While the warm weather is still here , check Bar Standard 's event calendar or social-media pages to see what 's happening .
Looking for more to do ? Visit the Westword calendar .
OAKLAND — They are n't much to look at with their bare plywood or plastic frames , exposed wires and electronic innards on display .
But do n't be fooled by these vehicles ' rough exteriors . With cameras that let them see , and sophisticated software telling them where to go , these mini self-driving cars could help democratize the burgeoning autonomous car industry — and may just revolutionize it in the process .
Each month , anywhere from a few dozen to 100 people gather at a vacant West Oakland warehouse . There 's no electricity and no flush toilets , just a handful of folding tables and a race course hastily etched in white and yellow paint on the concrete floor , where teams of hackers go head-to-head in a battle to see whose car is fastest , or at least , which one can complete the course .
The informal event is spearheaded by Chris Anderson , a former editor-in-chief of Wired magazine . Ten years ago , he created the website DIYdrones.com to help people build their own drones at a time when the airborne gadgets were mostly used by the military and in the aerospace industry but were out of reach to everyday consumers . The hobbyist site grew into a massive community for open-source robotics development , and later , into 3D Robotics , a drone company Anderson founded with a business partner he met through the site .
“ Ten years later , there was just this sense that we could do it again in cars , ” Anderson said .
On a recent Saturday , dozens of people lined up against the racetrack inside the old Pacific Pipe Company warehouse in West Oakland to watch the mini cars — about one-16th to one-10th the size of a full-sized vehicle — attempt to complete the course . Some were defeated early by a sloping curve , with the car shooting off in the wrong direction and crashing . Others plodded along diligently , completing the lap , albeit a bit more slowly . And still a few others seemed to accomplish both tasks — speed and accuracy — to the delight of the cheering crowd .
These pint-sized vehicles are n't as sophisticated as the self-driving cars engineered by Tesla or Google but , at under $ 300 to make and often assembled on site , they 're ideal for testing the technology because they 're cheap , do n't require human safety drivers and can crash without anybody getting hurt or killed , Anderson said .
And that ability to crash and learn from mistakes has already produced major gains , said William Roscoe , a programmer and early participant in the monthly meetup . It took three months before one car could complete the track , he said , but since then , they 've watched as the race times have dropped by a factor of three . In just a few more months , Roscoe 's teammate , Adam Conway , thinks the cars could approach the speed of a vehicle with a human driver behind the wheel , and one day , even surpass them .
As one of the early participants in the monthly meetup , Roscoe was one of several people who wrote software to control the cars , which has been since uploaded onto the web for anyone to download and use . He 's an advocate for one version of autonomous vehicle technology called neural networks , or “ deep learning , ” which essentially teaches the car the course and how to complete it . The other is computer vision , a technique that uses a camera to , in this case , follow the lines on the track .
It 's a similar battle to the one being waged in the autonomous vehicle industry today , Anderson said . And while it might be a stretch to think a bunch of hobbyists could influence an established and well-funded industry , the software does n't care about the size of the car , he said .
“ If you take exactly that same software and exactly the same hardware , it will be an autonomous car , ” he said , before cautioning , “ I would n't do that , though , because I ca n't guarantee it would be safe . But , the idea is that this is on a continuum . ”
In fact , there 's a long history of the racing industry spurring changes in cars and motorcycles . The first automotive races of the late 1870s used vehicles built in tinkerers ' garages , said David Vodden , the president and CEO of Thunderhill Raceway , a racetrack in Willows , Glenn County , which last year hosted the first full-sized autonomous vehicle track day .
He credits the insatiable desire to win as the driving force behind the introduction of rear-view mirrors , air-filled tires and seat belts , which are now all industry standards .
“ ( The track ) becomes a laboratory , ” he said . “ One of these Oakland people will find a solution that is not on the big boys ' table , and that is how the history of the automobile industry has always been . ”
Anderson agrees .
“ We 're not smarter , we 're not better funded , and we 're not more experienced , ” he said . “ What we do have is the technique of wheel-to-wheel combat . ”
For more information on the monthly meetup , visit Meetup.com/DIYRobotCars .
Oh , Stargate , why hast thou forsaken us ? Despite the fact that that 1994 film from director Roland Emmerich and writer/producer Dean Devlin gave us three live action and one animated television series , plus a wide variety of novels and comic books that fans happily consumed , the franchise now seems to feel too above us to give any more . This despite the fact we 'd been teased with rumblings of MGM and Warner Bros partnering with Emmerich and Devlin for a brand-new trilogy . But now , in an exclusive interview with Empire , Devlin reveals that plans for a remake have fallen through .
“ It looked good for a couple of months , but now it 's not looking so good , ” offers Devlin , guiding force of The Librarians television series , returning for its third season next week . “ There are just a lot of things that have to fire at the same time , and there was a moment where I thought it was all firing at the same time , and then it all kind of fell apart . ”
He attributes much of the blame to the current system of moviemaking , where everything is driven by numbers and a desire for the idea of a franchise without the same sort of attention being paid to the product itself . “ It 's one of the reasons I prefer to work independently , ” he says . “ Listen , I think if we did Stargate right , the fans would like it and we could do something really good . But if we screw it up , they 'll reject it . As they should . But I kind of do n't want to do it if I think that we 'll screw it up , and that 's one of the things that 's holding us back . ”
The original Stargate was actually produced independently without the backing of a major studio , which granted the filmmakers an extraordinary amount of freedom . Today , Devlin notes , the situation would be very different : “ You 'd have several studios involved and a lot of voices and , you know , you may make something great , but you also may have something that does n't resemble what you wanted to do . That kind of ‘ collaboration ' is a terrifying aspect of the whole thing . ”
Considerably less terrifying is Countdown , the film that Devlin will be producing and writing once he completes his collaboration with David Tennant , Bad Samaritan . Written by Steven Altiere , the plot centers on a teen obsessed with NASA and space travel , who learns that his father is dying . Turning to a former NASA engineer and his best friends , he comes up with a plan to save the man 's life .
“ It 's a very beautiful story told in a style reminiscent of the old Amblin movies of the 1980s , ” he details . “ Following a pre-cellphone world of children on an adventure is incredibly appealing for me . These are the kinds of movies I fell in love with and made me want to be a filmmaker in the first place . So once I read it , I knew I had to make this picture , because it lives in that world/tone . I 've missed those films and have been longing for them to return . To have a chance to tackle a project that pays tribute to the films of my youth is both exciting and terrifying . ”
He believes Countdown will fit in well with the body of work he 's created so far in his career , particularly the emphasis on father/son relationships . “ My own father had a profound impact on me and I 'm always drawn to those types of stories , ” he says . “ The themes of redemption , dreaming big and appreciating loved ones resonate in this script , and I hope for the audience when they see the film . ”
Dean Devlin on The Librarians : exclusive interview
DECLAN KIDNEY 'S FUTURE as Ireland manager is in doubt tonight after the Corkman admitted he has plenty to consider in the wake of Ireland 's 6 Nations campaign .
The Irish slumped to a 22-15 defeat to Italy in Rome — the first time they 've lost to the Azzurri in the tournament — capping a miserable spring .
The IRFU will soon decide whether or not the former Munster chief is the man to rebuild the team in the coming years . But Kidney says he may not want the job anyway .
“ I said all along that I 'd concentrate on each game as it came and that 's all I 've done today , ” Kidney said earlier . “ I was n't thinking that this could be my last match as coach . All I was concentrating on was just getting the win . I wanted to get a result today ; we did n't manage to do that and we 'll reflect on it over the coming days and weeks .
“ I 'd have to sit down and think about whether I want a new contract , ” he added . “ These guys are a pleasure to work with , but beyond that I 'd have to sit back and think about it . ”
He added on RTÉ that negotiations with the IRFU happen in the weeks after a championship and we 'll reflect in the coming days .
What do you think ?
`` We are planning a number of pilots to explore the best way to diverting such people from terrorism and extremist activity , '' a Whitehall source said ( Shutterstock/File )
Operation Constrain could allow fanatics to jump council house waiting lists
If they have mental health problems they will be referred to appropriate charities or the NHS
Up to 20,000 extremists previously investigated by MI5 will be targeted
The highly contentious nationwide program is due to start next year
Terror suspects including jihadis returning from fighting in Syria are to be offered taxpayer-funded homes , counseling and help to find jobs to stop them carrying out attacks in Britain .
The top-secret Government strategy , codenamed Operation Constrain , could even allow fanatics to jump to the top of council house waiting lists .
Official documents reveal that up to 20,000 extremists previously investigated by MI5 will be targeted with what critics last night described as ‘ bribes ' aimed at turning them away from extremism .
The highly contentious nationwide program is due to start next year , with police and cash-strapped councils hoping the Home Office will pay for it out of its £900 ( $ 1181 ) million counter-terrorism budget .
`` You ca n't bribe people not to be terrorists , '' terrorism expert Professor Anthony Glees , of Buckingham University , said last night .
`` This sounds like a reward for being on a list of potential terrorists . You ca n't buy people 's loyalty to this country , '' Tory MP Andrew Bridgen added .
The move comes amid growing concern at the huge number of radical Islamists living in Britain who the security services are unable to track effectively .
Fanatics who had been under surveillance by MI5 in the past were among the perpetrators of the two terror attacks in London and one in Manchester this year that left 35 people dead .
The intelligence agencies fear as many as 20,000 former ‘ subjects of interest ' – people who had been monitored but later dropped off the radar – could be plotting fresh atrocities . It is this group that will be targeted by the new scheme .
A fierce debate has also raged about how to deal with the estimated 360 battle-hardened jihadis who have returned to Britain after fighting with ISIS in Syria and Iraq and the ones who may come back now after the fall of the so-called caliphate .
Terror law watchdog Max Hill QC caused a storm earlier this month when he said ‘ naïve ' teenagers should be allowed to reintegrate into society , while Foreign Office Minister Rory Stewart said most followers of ISIS 's ‘ hateful doctrine ' posed a ‘ serious danger ' to the U.K. and should be killed .
But the MoS can reveal that the Home Office , police and local authorities have been secretly drawing up plans for a massive increase in attempts to turn vulnerable individuals away from terrorism .
Under the existing deradicalization program Prevent , teachers , doctors , and social workers can refer people they fear may turn to extremism . The new Operation Constrain scheme , however , will involve police and social workers contacting people already on MI5 's databases to assess what danger they pose and what it would take to integrate them into society .
`` We are planning a number of pilots to explore the best way to diverting such people from terrorism and extremist activity , '' a Whitehall source said .
In hotspots for terror suspects such as Birmingham , Manchester , and London , local police will be handed details of potential terrorists by counter-terrorism police and MI5 and will visit them in person . A local panel will then decide what interventions could work .
If the extremists do not have suitable accommodation , the council 's housing department will try to put them in social housing and may pay their rent if they are poor . They could also be given priority on waiting lists .
If the terror suspect is unemployed or lacks qualifications , they could be helped into education or training , then found a job with public bodies or charities .
And if they have mental health problems they will be referred to appropriate charities or the NHS .
Sources said the interventions will mean police and Prevent officers being able to send back assessments about the risk the extremists pose .
But critics are likely to question the value of Operation Constrain , given that many known terrorists already enjoyed generous benefits or came from comfortable backgrounds , even using state welfare payments to fund their plots .
`` We are reviewing our counter-terrorism strategy to make sure we respond to the evolving threat in the most effective way we can , '' the Home Office said .
This article has been adapted from its original source .
Google grabs HP webOS Enyo HTML5 team
Google has quietly snatched up the HP team responsible for the webOS Enyo HTML5 project , it 's been revealed , with the search giant expected to use their expertise in Android , ChromeOS and other products . Initially believed to be the bulk of the team , according to The Verge , then narrowed down to roughly half a dozen by AllThingsD – including project chief Matt McNulty – the ship-jumping was not apparently done all at once , but after a series of individual hires . However , HP says its open-source webOS plans are still on track .
“ We 're pleased with the traction Enyo has gained to date and plan to continue its development along with the open source community ” HP said in a statement . “ The Open webOS project is on schedule and we remain committed to the roadmap announced in January . ”
That project has seen HP take the OS it acquired from Palm and attempt to repackage it for the open-source community , with Open WebOS heavily dependent on Enyo for its app and browser rendering . Downloads of Enyo had already numbered 40,000 just three weeks after its release earlier in the year , but the shift of much of the team responsible had left concerns that HP would not be able to continue its progress .
Still , you ca n't fault the Enyo team for looking beyond HP ; the company had already laid off 275 webOS employees back in February . According to insiders , Google individually negotiated each new hire over the course of several months , and the team is expected to regroup within the search giant in June .
Linux enthusiasts rejoice : Super-thin `` Project Sputnik '' XPS 13 laptops from Dell with Ubuntu and Intel Skylake chips should be just around the corner .
Dell 's Project Sputnik laptops have attained something of a cult status with a segment of Linux users since their introduction in 2012 . The XPS 13 Developer Edition will be the only dedicated , thin-and-light Linux laptop with Skylake from the top-five PC makers .
The next XPS 13 Developer Edition is `` closer '' to shipping and so discounts are being offered on older models , George Barton , a senior technologist at Dell , said in a Google+ post . Older models are powered by Broadwell chips , which preceded Skylake .
Dell still is n't giving an expected delivery date , nor a price or hardware specs . A Windows 10 version of the XPS 13 with a Core i3 chip starts at $ 799 .
The XPS 13 looks a bit like Apple 's MacBook Air and has been praised for its slender design and edge-to-edge touch screen .
The most recent version of Ubuntu is 15.10 , code-named Wily Werewolf . Recent Ubuntu editions have a user interface focused on touch . Ubuntu is used mostly in servers and PCs , though Canonical has been adapting the OS for mobile devices and TVs .
Dell introduced its first Project Sputnik laptop as an experiment to bring Linux to `` ultrabook '' -style laptops with touchscreens , which were relatively new in 2012 . The project has evolved into a broader effort for the open-source community to develop tools , drivers and software for such laptops .
An Intel spokesman said all Skylake chips that power Windows laptops can also run with Linux . The company does n't optimize operating systems specific to chips , and Intel 's team has contributed drivers to the Linux kernel .
Microsoft recently changed its support policy for Windows PCs with Skylake , but that does n't affect Linux , the Intel spokesman said . Linux will work with Skylake and future chips .
It 's still unclear if Linux laptops like the XPS 13 Developer Edition will have features like Windows Hello , which lets users log in using fingerprints , face-tracking and other biometric features . A lot of those features originate at the chip level and through accessories like Intel 's RealSense 3D camera .
Linux and Windows may run on the same Skylake chips , but the availability of specific features depends on contributions made by the open-source community to the Linux kernel , the Intel spokesman said .
There 's an old saying by Dr. Maya Angelou summarized as such : “ When people show you who they really are , believe them . ”
And just like that , the ghost of Roller Husseris no more . Rolling up into Nail Artisans of Manatee County looking no worse for wear , Roller scares Desna and company half to death . For Desna and Virginia , Roller being alive and well brings a level of stress neither one of them is prepared to deal with . For Jenn , Polly and Quiet Ann , the dangers are less prescient but still there .
With Bryce taking innovation to a new level and upping his game at the clinic , Uncle Daddy has seen his worth ( and the clinic 's receipts ) increase significantly . While the Hussers are all excited to see Roller at first , there is tension between the brothers due to Bruce 's Dixie Mafia successes . Roller is frustrated and lashes out at Bryce and Uncle Daddy in typical spoiled brat fashion . It 's only with Desna that he hides his true ( reclaimed ) personality .
After a night of uncharacteristically gentle passion , Des is confused over the change in Roller . Dr. Ken 's theory that it is a form of amnesia does n't satisfy her curiosity and she delves deeper into Roller 's business dealings when she sees an ominous text from the Russian mob .
During an awkward morning goodbye with Roller , Bryce and Jenn and their girls , Desna 's ( man ) friend Dr. Ruval senses the history ( Ha ! They had sexy times the night before ! ) between Des and Roller . She reassures Gregory that Roller is the past and he is the present . Dr. Ruval looks skeptical but goes with the flow .
At a return to life celebration for Roller , some interesting happenings go down . Polly and Dr. Ken hook up . Roller yells at and threatens Bryce . Roller gives the most dramatic recounting of his near death experience…and LIES . OH . THE LIES . He tells how he was strangled ( by Desna ) and shot ( Virginia ) but says he does n't remember who did what . The girls are safe . For now .
Recall : when people show you how they really are , believe them . With Polly and Quiet Ann discovering Roller owes copious amounts of money to Riva and the Russian mob ( a nail shop client ) , Desna knows she must strike first . Setting up a meeting with Roller , she determines that he goes his way , she goes hers and it 's all good . Roller instead pulls a gun ( gold plated ) on Des and pushes her into her car . True colors indeed .
“ Claws ” airs Sundays on TNT at 9PM/8C
Advertisements
Like this : Like Loading ...
( CNN ) -- Carly Fiorina , the former Hewlett-Packard CEO turned top John McCain aide , said she does n't think Sarah Palin is qualified to run a major corporation . For that matter , Fiorina said , McCain , Obama and Biden are n't capable of that kind of job either .
Ex-Hewlett-Packard CEO and McCain adviser Carly Fiorina said Sarah Palin could not run a major company .
The Republican presidential candidate has been trying to portray himself as someone who can fix the country 's economic woes . But that is a far different task than running a Fortune 500 corporation , Fiorina told MSNBC Tuesday .
Democratic candidate Barack Obama 's camp immediately circulated copies of her words -- which did n't exactly paint their candidate in a soft light , either .
`` Well , I do n't think John McCain could run a major corporation , I do n't think Barack Obama could run a major corporation , I do n't think Joe Biden could run a major corporation , '' Fiorina said .
`` It is a fallacy to suggest that the country is like a company . So , of course , to run a business , you have to have a lifetime of experience in business , but that 's not what Sarah Palin , John McCain , Joe Biden or Barack Obama are doing . ''
Fiorina was president of Hewlett-Packard until her high-profile ousting in 2006 after the company 's unfavorable performance .
`` If John McCain 's top economic adviser does n't think he can run a corporation , how on Earth can he run the largest economy in the world in the midst of a financial crisis ? '' said Obama spokesman Tommy Vietor . `` Apparently , even the people who run his campaign agree that the economy is an issue John McCain does n't understand as well as he should . '' Watch Fiorina says Palin is n't ready for big business »
Fiorina made similar comments earlier Thursday to a St. Louis , Missouri , radio station . She was asked if she thinks Palin is qualified to run a company like Hewlett-Packard .
`` No , I do n't , '' Fiorina answered . `` But that 's not what she 's running for . Running a corporation is a different set of things . ''
All About U.S. Presidential Election • Carly Fiorina
One of two men charged with beating up and stabbing a Cook County prosecutor who had come to the defense of a gay couple being harassed on the lakefront was sentenced today to four years in prison , according to prosecutors and court records .
Luis Cotto , 24 , had previously pled guilty to aggravated battery in the attack on the off-duty prosecutor in the 200 block of West Diversey Parkway about 7 p.m. Sept. 14 , 2012 . Skokie Branch Judge William O'Brien sentenced him today .
The prosecutor was headed to meet a friend for fishing when he saw two men walk past along the edge of Diversey Harbor , holding hands , and then saw Cotto and his co-defendant , Edgar Diaz , go up to the couple , punch one of them and shout at them , prosecutors said . The prosecutor yelled at Cotto and Diaz to stop , and they then turned on him .
The prosecutor tried to run , but tripped , and Cotto and Diaz started punching and kicking him , and Cotto broke a beer bottle over the man 's back , then stabbed him with it , prosecutors said .
The prosecutor was cut near his left eye , on his side and under his right arm , and he needed 40 stitches , officials said at the time .
The man had joined the state 's attorney 's office in 1998 but has since left , prosecutors said today .
Diaz , whose next court date is scheduled for March 7 in Skokie Branch Court , is in Cook County Jail awaiting trial .
lford @ tribune.com | Twitter : @ ltaford
Daniel Goodman / Business Insider
LONDON — `` We were wrong . ''
That is HSBC 's blunt , unusually contrite assessment of its call earlier this year that the pound would fall as low as 1.20 against the dollar in 2017 , driven down by Brexit uncertainties and the prospect of the UK failing to negotiate a good Brexit deal — or in fact , any Brexit deal .
`` We expected 2017 to be a difficult year for GBP , one in which the currency would succumb to the uncertainties that the Brexit vote had unleashed and where politics would remain the dominant driver , '' HSBC 's David Bloom and Daragh Maher wrote in a note circulated to clients on Monday .
`` It was the year when a lack of progress in Brexit negotiations would cause a fretful GBP to ponder a 'no deal ' cliff-edge conclusion to the Article 50 machinations . Heightened political uncertainty would in turn highlight the UK 's structural frailties . The current account deficit would remain stubbornly wide , encouraging additional GBP downside . ''
In short , none of that has happened . The pound is now trading at its highest level since the referendum , climbing above $ 1.35 last week , and gaining more than 10 % on the greenback since the beginning of the year , as the chart below illustrates :
Markets Insider
Rather than trading on Brexit developments — as it did in second half of 2016 after the vote — the pound has behaved like a normal , cyclical currency , moving after things like data events and Bank of England announcements that have the ability to influence the next interest rate move from the central bank .
`` This year GBP has slavishly and exclusively followed only cyclical drivers not the political ones , '' Bloom and Maher argue , citing the chart below :
HSBC
Here 's the bank 's analysis ( emphasis ours ) :
`` Chart 1 shows GBP-USD plotted against expectations for 1Y rates a year ahead in the UK compared to those in the US . Prior to the Brexit vote in June 2016 , the relationship was neat . During H2 16 , the power of political drivers to disrupt this relationship is evident . Yet in 2017 , GBP reverted to being a cyclical slave , once again tracking those rate expectations . It 's as though the market has a set and stable idea of the Brexit negotiations . ''
A perfect example of the pound 's cyclical shift came on Friday last week when it gained more than 1 % on the dollar after the Bank of England 's Gertjan Vlieghe— probably its most dovish policymaker — said a rate hike could come in `` months . ''
Speaking at the annual conference of the Society of Business Economists , Vlieghe said that if the current `` data trends of reducing slack , rising pay pressure , strengthening household spending and robust global growth '' continue as they are , the bank could raise rates in the short term .
Vlieghe 's words were probably his most hawkish since he joined the bank 's Monetary Policy Committee , and reinforced the bank 's words from the previous day , in which it strongly signalled that markets are underestimating the potential for an increase in interest rates in the coming months .
The bank 's Monetary Policy Committee said that `` some withdrawal of monetary stimulus is likely to be appropriate over the coming months in order to return inflation sustainably to target . '' In central bank-ese , that was as clear of a hint as it gets .
Among the commandments of life under the Obama administration : thou shalt not speak ill of Obamacare . Papa John 's CEO John Schnatter was hammered with Twitter abuse after informing shareholders and franchisees in August that implementing Obamacare would necessarily increase costs of running the business . Applebee 's is under the gun today after Zane Tankel , a franchisee whose company runs 40 New York-area restaurants , told Fox Business Network that a hiring freeze might be in the works .
WHAT a JACKASS-Applebee 's CEO Threatens To Fire Emps / Freeze Hiring Because Of Obamacare http : //t.co/fE3Ry3Jt via @ thinkprogress — Rusty Bader ( @ TheRedNightBird ) November 10 , 2012
More fools…Zane Tankel , Applebee 's Franchisee , Says He Wo n't Hire Because Of Obamacare ( VIDEO ) http : //t.co/cahdSPQO via @ HuffPostSmBiz — Pamela Brockman ( @ PamelafBrockman ) November 10 , 2012
MT : BOYCOTT APPLEBEES NOW.Zane Tankel , Applebee 's Franchisee , Says He Wo n't Hire Because Of Obamacare ( VID ) http : //t.co/QcjjDZvo — FloridaJewel ( @ floridajewel ) November 10 , 2012
https : //twitter.com/lindakaybruce/status/267058731131498496
https : //twitter.com/iam_seanbond/status/267041554282201088
https : //twitter.com/Politicolnews/status/267052108942024704
https : //twitter.com/BetsyStover/status/267084759841267712
Note that in his TV appearance Tankel did not say he was laying off any employees ; rather , he speculated that “ if it 's possible to do without cutting people back , I am delighted to do it , but that also rolls back expansion , it rolls back hiring more people , and in a best-case scenario , we only shrink the labor force minimally . Best case. ” What a monster , huh ?
Douchebag , your food sucks anyway – Zane Tankel , Applebee 's Franchisee , Says He Wo n't Hire Because Of Obamacare ( VIDEO ) http : //t.co/nzfVP3bq — Keith Andreen ( @ keithandreen ) November 9 , 2012
https : //twitter.com/msrehreh/status/266954459354116096
last thing before i get out of here….these people….disgust me http : //t.co/fKfHkJtL — Darth Kriss ( @ insanityreport ) November 9 , 2012
Add @ Applebees to the list of unpatriotic businesses who are firing people because @ BarackObama won http : //t.co/j5yHgweC # fb — John V Moore ( @ johnvmoore ) November 9 , 2012
Rather than treat their employees like people deserving of healthcare , they 've decided to fire them http : //t.co/W4PrFJ2u # BoycottAppleMetro — Cassandra Duffy ( @ SapphicPixie ) November 9 , 2012
Um , no . Again , Tankel said only that , faced with paying annual Obamacare penalties of $ 80,000 to $ 100,000 per restaurant , he was evaluating his options and would most likely halt expansion . It seems reading comprehension is tough , so we wonder how these people accusing Applebee 's of firing employees made it through all 2,700 pages of the Obamacare bill ( like Nancy Pelosi did ) to find out what was in it and how much it would cost other people 's businesses .
For its part , the Applebee 's corporate office was anxious to distance itself from the Obamacare controversy and point out that franchisees speak for themselves .
@ thinkprogress It 's not Applebee 's place to engage in political commentary . Our franchisees ' views as private citizens are their own . ~ARL — Applebee 's ( @ Applebees ) November 9 , 2012
Related :
Papa John 's becomes the latest boycott target after opposing Obamacare ; class warfare ensues
Dan Savage speaks for Jesus in ‘ Twitter play ' defending Obamacare price hikes
STARRING Miles Teller , Kate Mara , Michael B. Jordan , Jamie Bell DIRECTED BY Josh Trank NOT YET RATED RELEASE DATE August 7
Turns out levitating hurts . On this humid day on the Baton Rouge , La. , set of Fantastic Four , the psychically gifted Sue Storm ( Kate Mara ) is about to catch some major air . After a cosmic accident has rendered Sue and her three pals superpowerful ( more on that later ) , the group is quarantined in a secret government facility . For this scene , in which Sue struggles to master her ability to float ( she can also turn invisible and project force fields ) , Mara stands on a crane and makes faces usually reserved for squats or dead lifts . “ Move your knees around , ” yells director Josh Trank from below . “ It 's painful ! It 's painful ! ” In most comic-book adaptations , superpowers are mainly just supercool . In the new Four , they feel more like a disability . “ It 's not easy at all , ” Mara says . “ It 's exhausting . ”
Fans of the franchise may be feeling a little fatigued too . Both the 2005 original , Fantastic Four , and the 2007 sequel , Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer , performed well at the box office , but critics ( and moviegoers ) pretty much hated them . So Twentieth Century Fox went on the hunt for a fresh vision . Trank had delivered a 2012 sleeper hit for the studio with his found-footage superpowers flick , Chronicle . His immediate take on the Four was how terrifying it would be to have your arms suddenly turn into rubber , or your skin burst into flame . “ I just kinda jumped to ‘ body horror ' in my head , ” he says . “ Chronicle is about the evolution and strengthening of unique powers . This movie is really viewing them as a curse . ”
In this origin-story reboot , the Four—Reed Richards ( Miles Teller ) , Johnny Storm ( Michael B. Jordan ) , Ben Grimm ( Jamie Bell ) , and Sue ( Mara ) —are “ infected ” during an interdimensional-travel experiment . The event turns Reed into the elastic Mr . Fantastic , Johnny into the Human Torch , Ben into the Thing , and Sue into the Invisible Woman . “ It 's as if you got into a car accident , ” Mara says , “ and a part of you is different for the rest of your life . ”
Making matters worse , the fifth member of their crew , Victor ( Toby Kebbell ) , has transformed as well , into an updated version of Dr. Doom , and the gang must grapple with their new skills—and the loss of their old selves—while finding a way to defeat him .
Trank describes the tone of the film as a cross between Steven Spielberg and Tim Burton—what he calls “ Dark Amblin. ” To help him achieve that , the studio paired him with writer-producer Simon Kinberg ( X-Men : Days of Future Past ) . Trank told Kinberg he had two ambitions . First , the film had to feel scary and very real , more like a horror movie than a superhero flick . And second , it ultimately had to be a coming-of-age story . “ Part of defining yourself , ” Kinberg explains , “ is that moment when you go from being dependent to being in control of your destiny . ”
Or the destiny of a franchise . Based on footage shown to EW , Trank may have succeeded in rescuing the Four from obscurity . “ We have all the ingredients to make something special , ” Jordan says . “ Now we have to just wait and see how that cake turns out. ” Dark and not too sweet .
CHENNAI : There is a sense of profound loss at the quaint little house in Besant Nagar 's Customs Colony where Viswanathan Anand grew up to become the best chess player in the world . Sushila Viswanathan was not just mother to the country 's most celebrated chess player , she shaped the very contours of the five-time world champion 's monumental success.Aged 79 , she passed away in her sleep on Tuesday night and is survived by her husband and three children , Anand being the youngest . While the champion himself stayed away from the media , trying to come to terms with the shock , his wife Aruna told TOI : `` The demise has been sudden and the family is together in this time of bereavement . '' The last rites will be performed on Thursday.Anand made inroads in a sport dominated by Europeans , quite early in his life . The credit , to a large extent , goes to Sushila who taught Vishy his first moves on the chess board.He was all of 13 when he beat India 's first International Master Manuel Aaron at the National Team Chess Championship at IIT Mumbai in 1983.Recalling the match Grandmaster Pravin Thipsay says : `` It was a May afternoon and I was told by some players that a teen from Madras Colts was about to cause an upset . I rushed to the board to find a young boy wrapped in woolens making lightning quick moves , his mother sitting beside him . He won the game soon enough and I learnt later that he was running high fever then but insisted on playing . Sushila ensured that Vishy would only have to think of his match , she would take care of everything else . She soon grew very popular in the chess circuit . `` Watching his mother engage in her pastime of playing chess at home enkindled Vishy 's interest as a five-year-old.Sushila was with Anand on the day when he became a Grandmaster at the age of 18 in Coimbatore . The other boys ran out and bought a small present for him with the message , 'Congratulations , Grand Master Anand ! ' `` That gift is one of my most prized possessions , '' Sushila once said . And her biggest gift to the world of chess was Vishy Anand himself !
Sure , his TV credits also include some Shakespeare as well as a few quality Hallmark Hall of Fames , but we 'll make you a deal : every time one of those comes on the air we 'll send you a dollar , and every time Bewitched or Dr. Zaius appears , you send us one . Hell , we 'll even throw in his appearances in Terror in the Wax Museum and The Canterbury Ghost and see who comes out ahead .
3 F. Scott Fitzgerald Was to Movie Scripts What Babe Ruth was to Movie Scripts
Considering that he 's been dead for 70 years , F. Scott Fitzgerald 's career is going pretty well . His short story was the inspiration for Best Picture nominee The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , Baz Luhrmann is currently preparing a big-budget version of his most famous work , The Great Gatsby and Keira Knightley will star as his wife Zelda in an upcoming biopic of the couple . Throw in Martin Scorsese 's upcoming Gatsby remake starring Vincent Chase , and the movie career of this great writer has never been hotter .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
`` I 've committed myself to the following of a grail , E . ''
Which is a problem , since there was one time when it should have been : 1937-1940 , when he was trying to earn a living as a Hollywood scriptwriter . There had been a early stint in 1927 , when United Artists paid him a $ 3500 advance ( about $ 65,000,000 in 2009 money ) to write an ultimately unproduced flapper comedy , but this was when he and Zelda were still the Jazz Age darlings who made bathtub gin and sat on flagpoles with Charles Lindbergh . A 1931 stay led to nothing but more arguments and rejected scripts .
When he returned to Hollywood in 1937 , he really needed the work . Zelda was in the mental ward and Fitzgerald ( or `` F '' as we like to call him ) had suffered a series of `` Crack-Ups , '' highlighted in a 1936 Joaquin Phoenixesque New York Post interview that includes the line , `` His face twitched . 'Successful authors ! ' he cried . 'Oh , my God , successful authors ! ' He stumbled over to the highboy and poured himself another drink . ''
Seen here , in a rare moment of not-being-crazy .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Had TMZ been around in 1936 , they would have been staking out his home Britney-style . Meanwhile , his record in Hollywood reads a bit like Michael Jordan 's baseball stats . His IMDb credits for this period include eight `` Uncredited '' listings , compared with one actual screen credit for a 1938 adaptation of the novel Three Comrades ( for which his dialogue was heavily rewritten ) . Uncredited sounds okay , but in Fitzgerald 's case it 's essentially a euphemism for `` His script sucked , but he sure is famous . '' The IMDb page also does n't list his piles of unproduced screenplays , or rejected dialogue for numerous movies , including Gone With the Wind .
The really sad part of all this ? Fitzgerald was apparently working his ass off . In 2004 , two thousand pages of Fitzgerald 's previously unknown Hollywood notes were sold , detailing just how much effort utter failure takes . In retrospect , he could have just hung around the house and waited for somebody to invent some really convincing old-man makeup to slap on a midget .
Originally published Friday , November 23 , 2012 at 4:00 PM
Ruth Marcus wants to talk about Paula Broadwell 's halter top — again . Marcus still maintains David Petraeus ' paramour was asking for sexist treatment by dressing like a sex object .
WASHINGTON – Let 's talk about the halter top .
If you 've been following the David Petraeus-Paula Broadwell story , you may have seen this shirt : black and silky and flouncy and very , very arm-baring . Also shoulder-baring .
Not what your mother would advise you to wear on national television . Not what my mother would advise , anyway . Even if the national television is “ The Daily Show ” and you have a push-up contest planned with Jon Stewart .
Why am I bringing this up , again ? I referred to the halter top in a recent column about Petraeus , noting , “ Beware the woman who goes on ‘ The Daily Show ' wearing a black-silk halter top and flaunting her toned triceps . ”
Some readers — some female readers , to be precise — chided me for sexism . “ Why is it OK to imply that a woman who wears a halter top to show off her guns on ‘ The Daily Show ' must be a seductress ? ” asked one emailer . “ That is dangerously close to the mindset that suggests women who are raped are somehow responsible because of the way they dress . Shame on you . ”
Another reader , in a letter to the editor , wondered , “ Are black-silk halter tops the mark of some sort of vindictive , national security-threatening evildoer ? Or was Marcus resorting to stereotypes ? ” Her conclusion : “ Dumping on Broadwell because of how she dresses does a disservice to all women . ”
These are reasonable points , reasonably made . So let me explain why my response is to double down on the halter comments .
Women , especially women who are in public life , have it a lot harder than men when it comes to clothes . Men have uniforms — literally , in the case of the military , figuratively in the business world . These are comforting in their mindlessness and automaticity ; they are reliable signifiers of status .
It is no accident that Petraeus is reported to have shown up to speak at a Washington dinner wearing military medals on his suit-jacket lapel . “ In public , he seemed to miss the comfort and confidence that his uniform provided , ” The Washington Post 's Greg Jaffe wrote .
Testify before Congress , wear your navy suit , or maybe your charcoal one . Go to the Aspen Institute for a security panel , bring a navy blazer and chinos . When President Obama wakes up weekday mornings , he picks between the gray suits and the navy ones .
The effective absence of fashion choice is stifling for a few men — I have a lobbyist friend with a fondness for red Prada loafers — but welcome , I think , for most . Which tie is not a high-wire fashion choice .
For women in the public eye , all fashion choices are high wire . Just ask Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton .
Appear on the Senate floor with a shirt just a few centimeters off and you get a fashion critic writing about your public display of cleavage . Turn up at a presidential-campaign debate wearing a bright pink jacket and you get John Edwards commenting on it . Walk off the plane without your hair done and your makeup on , and you get people talking about how tired you look .
So when Broadwell shows up — repeatedly — in skimpy , form-fitting , attention-grabbing outfits , she is making a fashion statement : Look at me ! Pay attention to my body !
The halter was not a one-off , it was a theme . In Afghanistan , the Post reported , Broadwell 's “ form-fitting clothes made a lasting impression on longtime Afghan hands , and Petraeus once admonished her , through a staffer , to ‘ dress down . ' ”
Of course Petraeus is responsible for his misconduct ; my point was that he should have looked at her and known better . But she should have known better , too .
No woman is responsible for being raped , no matter what she 's wearing . We are responsible , however , for the way in which we present ourselves publicly . We are asking for sexist treatment when we dress like sex objects .
If you want to be taken seriously , dress the part . That does n't mean frumpy or mannish , it just means appropriately for the occasion . If people are talking about what you 're wearing — other than to say , “ Nice jacket , Hillary ” — you 're probably wearing the wrong thing , or too little of it .
In other words , it 's not that “ dumping on Broadwell because of how she dresses does a disservice to all women. ” If there was any disservice to women , it was how Broadwell dressed .
©2012 , Washington Post Writers Group
Ruth Marcus ' email address is ruthmarcus @ washpost.com
The journalists on CBS This Morning , Monday , goaded John Kasich to attack Donald Trump , lauding the moderate Republican governor . Democratic donor Gayle King , who vacations with Barack Obama , lobbed this softball : “ You believe that historians will scratch their heads and look at this election as a tipping point . What will they see ? ”
Charlie Rose encouraged , “ You believe we took the wrong path in 2016 ? And do you believe — are you reinforced in that by that in the first 100 days of the Trump administration ? ''
Norah O'Donnell pushed Kasich to lobby against repealing ObamaCare .
NORAH O'DONNELL : The repeal of ObamaCare , specifically Medicaid expansion , you 've taken and put that into place in Ohio . If they repeal that , what would happen ? KASICH : It would devastate people in my state .
King ended the interview by pleading , “ Governor , will you run again ? ” In 2015 , when it was actually theoretically possible Kasich would be elected President , the hosts of CBS grilled the governor on whether the Republican Party should “ evolve ” on certain issues .
A transcript of the questions is below :
< < < Please support MRC 's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today . > > >
“ No other social or economic policy solution today would be of sufficient scale to eradicate the profound and systematic economic inequities affecting black communities . ”
The latest backer of the “ universal basic income ” concept is the Black Lives Matter movement .
A strong endorsement is included in a wide-ranging policy platform released this week by more than 50 organizations affiliated with the movement , in a section about reparations for “ past and continuing harms . ”
“ No other social or economic policy solution today would be of sufficient scale to eradicate the profound and systematic economic inequities affecting black communities , ” the platform states .
The groups endorse a basic income for everyone , noting that patterns and norms of “ work ” ( quotations are in the document ) are changing .
The Movement for Black Lives points out , correctly , that people of color and other disadvantaged populations will “ bear the brunt of whatever economic insecurity and volatility results ” from a new economy powered by automation . This is already happening . Black people already work disproportionately in low-paid and minimum-wage fields like retail and service work , and these are some of the professions that are at greatest risk for automation .
The platform gets concrete about how to fund such a massive program for all Americans , suggesting tax increases on the wealthy , taxes on CO2 emissions or particular industries , and a program modeled on the Alaska Permanent Oil Fund , which distributes revenues from state-owned oil resources to all Alaska residents . And the extra funds that would go to black people as reparations could come from money saved by divesting from criminal justice institutions , another one of their suggestions .
Oct 4 , 2014 ; Champaign , IL , USA ; Illinois Fighting Illini head coach Tim Beckman watches a replay against the Purdue Boilermakers at Memorial Stadium . ( Mike Granse-USA TODAY Sports )
We all have days where we wish we were Tim Beckman .
No , not Illinois coach Tim Beckman , he 's 10-24 and probably going to lose his job , but eternal optimist Tim Beckman . A man who can take even the most dismal situation , spin it a few times and have himself convinced that there 's always a rainbow waiting on the other side .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
That optimistic Tim Beckman used part of his weekly press conference to claim that his 4-6 team could still win seven games this season . Yep , beat Penn State , Northwestern , become bowl eligible and then win the bowl game .
“ If we take care of business in the next two football games or three football games , that 's a seven-win season , ” he said . “ You 've got to win one at a time , and we have n't won five yet . ''
Beckman went on to say that if he and his staff were allowed another season — yes , the campaign to not be fired has begun — he could see his program winning eight games next year .
Yes , eight .
To put that into perspective , Illinois has n't won eight games since winning nine in 2007 , the year USC manhandled it in the Rose Bowl . And that 's the only time the program has won more than seven games since 2001 . Beckman has n't won more than four games as Illinois ' coach since he took the job in 2012 .
So moving from four wins , to winning out this year to eight wins in 2015 sounds , well , optimistic .
But that 's the picture Beckman has tried to paint as he 's put lipstick on the pig of a season Illinois has had this year .
After getting blown out 44-19 at Washington on Sept. 13 , Beckman said : “ You take out 21 points on three plays and we 're in this football game . If you look at the second half , we won . ”
After losing 38-27 to Purdue , Beckman told media , “ If we take out ten plays in that football game , it 's a different game . ”
Story continues
Fans always want their coach to stay positive , but not to a fault .
In Beckman 's defense , he did take a 3-9 Toledo team and turn it into a division title winner , a feat that got him the Illinois job in the first place . He thought he could perform a similar transformation with the Illini .
And he has shown some improvement going from 2-10 his first season to winning four games last year and winning at least four games this season . But it 's also hard to ignore that Beckman is 2-20 in Big Ten games during that stint , which is downright terrible no matter how many times you try to spin it .
There have been many examples of schools sticking with coaches through rough starts only to be rewarded for their patience , but the opposite trend is more often the likely outcome .
If Beckman 's team can somehow figure out a way to win — or even make a bowl game — he probably gets another year . If not , he 'll need to use his strong PR spin skills to find another job .
For more Illinois news , visit OrangeandBlueNews.com .
- - - - - - -
Graham Watson is the editor of Dr. Saturday on Yahoo Sports . Have a tip ? Email her at dr.saturday @ ymail.com or follow her on Twitter !
And do n't forget to keep up with all of Graham 's thoughts , witty comments and college football discussions on Facebook
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Putin is angry about being put in makeup – so Stephen Colbert did just that .
The Kremlin leader is so annoyed with the concept that earlier this week , his government added an image of him in drag to the country 's registry of prohibited “ extremist ” content .
The much-distributed picture has circulated widely on the internet and at LGBT rights protests , seeking to resist the country 's ‘ gay propaganda ' law by lampooning Putin 's macho image .
So how will he feel about images of him in cut off jean shorts , makeup and little else , while sitting on a purple unicorn and being fondled by a happy Donald Trump ?
We 're guessing he wo n't be rushing to view the video – but you should . Because it 's hilarious .
Stephen Colbert , a long-time supporter of LGBT rights – who , lest we forget , became the second-most famous man to kiss Andrew Garfield this year – has created the reality we all wish for .
And last night on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert , he revealed that world .
“ Because this is America – for now , ” Colbert said , “ and we can do anything we want , The Late Show has put together our own artistic interpretation of Vladimir Putin : Gay Icon . ”
The video reveals a world in which national leaders can encourage you to “ work it , girl ” and be comfortable getting into same-sex relationships with each other .
“ I like boys , ” Putin tells the camera , leaving nothing to interpretation before instructing viewers to “ wet your lips and make love to camera . ”
The video ends on an ominous note , though , with Putin facing the camera down and telling the audience , straight-faced : “ Seriously , you must work , or I will have you killed . ”
Watch the full video here :
We salute you , Stephen .
Homophobia has surged in Russia since the passage of 2013 's so-called ‘ gay propaganda ' law , which has been exploited by anti-LGBT forces in law enforcement and government in order to clamp down on the LGBT community .
Yesterday , the British government called for an urgent investigation into the “ abhorrent ” gay purge in Chechnya , which is part of Russia but has substantial autonomy .
Three people are reported to have died , while more than 100 gay men have been detained in the attacks , which have drawn condemnation and calls for an investigation from US and EU leaders too .
Novaya Gazeta , an independent Russian newspaper , reported detainees saying they were tortured and electrocuted in prison , while others described seeing prisoners beaten to death .
In a chilling response , a spokesperson for Chechnya 's leader Ramzan Kadyrov denied that there were any gay people to detain , insisting that “ you ca n't detain and harass someone who does n't exist in the republic ” .
The Kremlin has denied any knowledge of a purge .
And some reports have suggested that vigilante attacks and hate crimes against LGBT people are on the rise in Russia in general .
The Russian government recently warned citizens to refrain from homophobic attacks while on holiday in other countries .
The Florida Tropics have added another veteran forward for the 2017-18 season signing Tyrone Hall for the team 's second season in the Major Arena Soccer League .
Hall has played for the past two years with the MASL Tacoma Stars , and also played arena soccer for the Ontario Fury , Harrisburg Heat and Pennsylvania Roar . The deal is pending final league approval .
In 32 career games , he has notched eight goals . His best season came for Tacoma in 2015-16 with five goals and four assists in 16 games .
He played college soccer for Limestone College and Radford University , where he played winger and forward . In addition to years of professional indoor experience , Hall has competed internationally for Sporting Kristina in Finland during 2014 , and as a member of the USL 's Charlotte Eagles in 2014 where he appeared in 14 games .
“ Improving our attack was a goal in the off-season , and Tyrone is a young veteran who will improve our scoring depth which becomes so critical over the span of a 22-game season , ” Coach Clay Roberts said .
The Tropics will have their home opener on Nov. 18 at the RP Funding Center in Lakeland , looking to improve on last year 's mark of 8-12 . A full 22-game schedule will be released later this summer . The regular season runs from November to March .
The movie is the rare Marvel-branded superhero offering to be rated R .
Proving that wit and originality can pay off , Ryan Reynolds ' Deadpool shattered numerous records in its global debut as the daring , R-rated superhero movie transformed into a must-see curiosity .
In North America , Deadpool earned $ 135 million for the three-day Valentine 's Day/Presidents Day weekend on its way to a massive four-day holiday gross of $ 150 million or more . Overseas , it launched to a rousing $ 125 million .
The Fox movie , an X-Men spinoff , launches a new superhero franchise and redeems the studio after last summer 's Fantastic Four debacle . And it more than redeems Reynolds after his previous superhero movie , Green Lantern , fell flat . Deadpool is easily the actor 's top opening of all time .
Reynolds spent more than a decade convincing Fox to make Deadpool his way , meaning with a `` hard '' R rating . The decision to say ' '' yes '' paid off , with Deadpool securing the No . 7 opening of all time for a comic book adaptation behind the two The Avengers movies , Iron Man 3 , the final two Dark Knight films and Spider-Man 3 , not accounting for inflation .
Here 's a breakdown of the movie 's record ride so far :
Biggest opening for an R-rated film — North America
The Matrix Reloaded claimed this record for almost 13 years after debuting to $ 91.8 million in May 2003 .
Biggest Fox Opening — North America
The studio 's previous biggest opening was $ 108.4 million , and that belonged to Star Wars : Episode III — Revenge of the Sith ( 2005 ) .
Biggest Feature Directorial Debut — North America
Deadpool helmer Tim Miller , a second unit director on Thor : The Dark World and a creative supervisor on Kick-Ass , takes bragging rights from Elizabeth Banks , who held the record for Pitch Perfect 2 ( $ 69.2 million ) .
Biggest Valentine 's Day/Presidents Day — North America
Deadpool wrested the crown from last year 's Fifty Shades of Grey , which earned $ 85.2 million for the three-day holiday and $ 93 million for the four days .
Biggest January/February Opening — North America
American Sniper was the previous January champ with a three-day debut of $ 89.3 million , while Fifty Shades was the February record-holder .
Biggest Thursday night for an R-rated film — North America
Deadpool scored $ 12.7 million in Thursday-night previews , beating the $ 10.4 million earned by The Hangover : Part II on the eve of Memorial Day in 2011 .
Biggest Friday for an R-rated film
The film took in $ 47.5 million , well ahead of the previous record-holder , American Sniper ( $ 30.3 million ) .
Biggest Russian Debut — International
Deadpool nabbed $ 12.4 million , besting Star Wars : The Force Awakens to nab the top opening ever in Russia . Also overseas , the movie marked Fox 's top opening in 13 markets , including Australia ( $ 10 million ) and Taiwan ( $ 8.3 million ) . And Deadpool scored the biggest opening for a film with the equivalent of an R rating in 11 territories , including the Philippines ( $ 2.8 million ) , known to be a conservative marketplace .
Biggest Imax 2D and R-rated Opening — Global
Imax theaters contributed an estimated $ 28 million of the film 's worldwide opening to score the biggest start ever for an R-rated title . It 's also the biggest 2D opening of all time for Imax , eclipsing The Dark Knight Rises ( $ 23.8 million ) . Imax theaters in North America contributed $ 19 million .
Biggest PLF R-rated Opening — North America
Premium large format screens took in $ 17.6 million for the three-day weekend , the top showing ever for an R-rated title . American Sniper was the previous record holder ( $ 8.7 million ) .
Ryan Lochte has taken a financial hit with the loss of four sponsors
Four firms have announced they are ending their sponsorship of US swimmer Ryan Lochte after he claimed he was robbed at gunpoint while competing in Rio .
The contracts are worth an estimated total of $ 1m ( £758,000 ) , Fox News Sports reports .
Global swimwear brand Speedo USA , clothing giant Ralph Lauren and skincare firm Syneron-Candela dumped the sportsman from their books in statements issued less than three hours apart on Tuesday .
Speedo also said it would be donating $ 50,000 ( £38,400 ) that would have gone to the Olympic medallist to Save The Children - to benefit youngsters in need in Brazil .
Swimmers Confronted At Rio Petrol Station
It said in a statement that while it had `` a winning relationship with Ryan for over a decade and he has been an important member of the Speedo team '' , it could not condone behaviour that was counter to its values .
It added : `` We appreciate his many achievements and hope he moves forward and learns from this experience . ''
Mattress company Airweave LLC also ended its endorsement of Lochte , who has admitted he `` over-exaggerated '' his story where he claimed to have been mugged by robbers pretending to be police after a night out .
: : Ryan Lochte - The Swimmer With The 'Rockstar Personality '
The official response regarding our sponsorship of Ryan Lochte . pic.twitter.com/0DdP2RyceD — Speedo USA ( @ SpeedoUSA ) August 22 , 2016
The 32-year-old had initially said he and three teammates had been pulled over in their taxi by gunmen posing as police who then robbed them .
However , the group faced an angry backlash after police accused Lochte of fabricating the story to cover up vandalising a petrol station toilet .
Lochte has since apologised to Olympics host Brazil , saying he was `` 110 % '' sorry and blaming his immaturity for causing `` all this ruckus '' .
Lochte 'Over-Exaggerated ' Gunpoint Robbery
`` I was n't lying to a certain extent , '' he said , in an interview with Brazilian broadcaster , Globo TV .
`` I over-exaggerated what was happening to me . ''
Last week , the International Olympic Committee said it would start a disciplinary inquiry into Lochte and other US swimmers James Feigen , Gunnar Bentz and Jack Conger .
The story is said to have embarrassed the IOC and the US Olympics Committee ( USOC ) , which has described the behaviour of the sportsmen as `` not acceptable '' .
Not to be confused with Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico , February 2018
Puerto Rico de Gran Canaria is a holiday resort situated on the south-west coast of the Spanish island of Gran Canaria . The island 's latitude and proximity to the African west coast ensures an even and comfortable climate . Temperatures in the winter remain around 20-25 °C while there is an average of less than three days per month of precipitation .
The volcanic origin of Gran Canaria provides for the island 's coastal ruggedness and contrasting verdant interior . Many of the rocky ravines that lead down to the coastline on the southern side of the island have been developed with holiday installations similar to that of Puerto Rico de Gran Canaria . Apartment complexes and hotels crowd the sides of the otherwise barren cliffs leading down to long , natural beaches .
Puerto Rico has a sandy beach and two small harbours . Inside Puerto Rico de Gran Canaria the majority of shops and restaurants are situated in small commercial shopping centers . the Pasarela center is located closest to the beach , while the main commercial shopping center is at the center of Puerto Rico de Gran Canaria , and the more exclusive Europa Shopping Center is located further uptown .
Panorama [ edit ]
Gallery [ edit ]
Puerto Rico 2011
Puerto Rico 2016
Puerto Rico , February 2018
Puerto Rico , February 2018
References [ edit ]
Coordinates :
The Movie ( 3.5/5 )
It 's hard to believe that it 's only been 70 years or so since the Nazis surrendered to Allied forces in Europe during World War 2 . Western society feels like it has , in some ways , come so far from those horrid years , in which Hitler and his regime marched across Europe , decimating pre-existing society and committing genocide against the Jewish people who lived on the continent , that it 's easy to forget the work that was done by people far greater and determined than I to make it that way . Luckily , every now and then a talented and dedicated filmmaker and his crew will step up to the plate , in order to immortalize their work through the power of cinema . The People Vs. Fritz Bauer is one of those productions .
The People Vs. Fritz Bauer follows the work of then District Attorney in Hessen , Fritz Bauer , during the late 1950s to pursuit and acquire justice for the SS members who had fled from Germany during the end of World War 2 in order escape persecution for their war crimes , specifically Adolf Eichmann , who orchestrated the movement of millions of Jews across Europe into death camps . It details his investigative work , as he pushes back against those who wish to cover up and repress the dark deeds that Germans committed during the war , as well as the restraints that he and his partner , State Attorney Karl Angermann faced from all sides as they sacrificed everything to see that Eichmann was captured . Together , they must push back against a regime that refuses to shed its last traces of Nazism , one that continues to condemn and intimidate those who do n't serve their interests , such as the Jewish community , and the Homosexual community .
This film is structured into essentially an A and a B plot , with the A grappling with the massive task of uniting multiple parties together under the most dire of circumstances to acquire Adolf Eichmann , and a B plot which really only hints at the persecution faced by the homosexual community under the new democratic government in West Germany at the time . I want to bring this up early , so that I can address the drastic shift in quality between these two plots , which I feel is the film 's main weakness .
The film 's main plot deals with the hunt for a dangerous war criminal , whose capture would be used by Fritz and his team to force West Germany to come to terms with its horrific past under Hitler 's control . It 's tightly scripted , engaging , and has this incredible weight to it that makes it feel incredibly important . It 's B plot , which is arguably just as important for a large group of people who were , at the time , heavily repressed by a backwards government , is shoved into 10 minutes of screen time It feels incredibly contrived and compressed to illustrate the issue of the absurdly oppressive laws set against the homosexual community in Germany , only to toss it aside in order to serve Fritz 's quest to hunt down and persecute the former SS members that were still large . It 's bizarre to me that a film that tackles a story of such historical significance would trivialize the plight of an entire people , and ultimately I would have preferred that it 's climax could have been produced in a different , more effective way .
Beyond that , if one is to only focus on the main plot , you 'll see a wealth of brilliance before you , as Fritz Bauer , played by German actor Burghart Klaußner is forced in desperation to turn away from the legal system in order to pursuit his version of justice . As a Jewish man placed into a position of authority , he is subjected to intimidation and push back from all sides as his own law enforcement peers attempt to do everything they can to keep Eichmann out of a German court . This part of the movie is expertly paced , well scripted , and rather exciting . It depicts Bauer and Angermann , played by Ronald Zehrfeld as heroes , willing to lay down their careers and even become criminals themselves in order to force Germany to face itself , a most noble of causes . The film keeps you on the edge of your seat as they play by their own rules to ensure that Eichmann is taken in , with the weight of the movie rested entirely on strong performances from both of these lead actors .
When the credits rolled , I was fairly impressed with just how entertaining , interesting , and effective director Lars Kraume was able to make the story of one District Attorney 's almost vengeful quest for justice against those who had committed unspeakable acts . The tightness of that story line just makes it even harder to accept the film as a whole , as it 's B plot just gets wasted and trivialized , tainting the production 's otherwise rock solid construction . That being said , I still feel The People Vs. Fritz Bauer is worth your time , as the historical significance of the events it depicts are without question .
The Video ( 5/5 )
The People Vs. Fritz Bauer was mostly likely produced via a digital shoot , but there is little in the way of information regarding which camera system was used for capture , or what resolution it was mastered in . The film is presented in 1080p , in the 2.35:1 aspect ratio . For the record , subtitles for the film typically hang at the bottom of the frame .
As is typical with digital shoots , The People Vs. Fritz Bauer looks very sharp , very clean , and very cold in terms of its color scheme . The film has a rather subdued style to it , one in which color is muted in favor of a more realistic depiction of the world , one in which the world is fairly overcast almost all of the time . Color aside , the digital image features excellent black levels , especially during the darker nighttime exposures , and excellent detail , especially in close ups . Watching this on my OLED LG 4K television , I found the image to upscale incredibly well , something that I can not say about many Blu-rays in my collection . Overall , I was very impressed .
The Audio ( 3/5 )
The People Vs. Fritz Bauer is presented on home video using a 5.1 DTS-Master Audio soundtrack in the original German language . English subtitles are provided .
In terms of sound design , the film is mostly driven by conversations in small rooms by a small number of people . There is often very little deviation from that , other than the occasional car trip , or rain storm sequence . Surround activity is minimal at best , and other than the occasional sound effect that pans to the stereo channels or some of the film 's score , this is a soundtrack guided almost exclusively by your center channel .
Special Features/Packaging ( 4/5 )
The People Vs. Fritz Bauer has been released to home video by Cohen Media Group as part of it 's Contemporary Classics collection in a standard Blu-ray keepcase . The front features the release poster designed for the film 's theatrical release by Cohen , which has Fritz feature at the bottom of the frame smoking a cigar , with a number of the film 's supporting characters appearing out of the smoke from his cigar , laid against a Nazi symbol next to the film 's title . The back features a paragraph about the film , 3 character headshots , a list of features , technical information , and credits for the release . These are both surrounded by the typical red and black Cohen Media Group borders . Inside the case , there is a lovely shot from the film printed on the reverse of the case artwork , and a full color booklet featuring a cast list , chapters , and several photos from the film . As usual , Cohen does an amazing job packaging their releases , this one is no different .
Onto the features , of which there are three :
Making of The People Vs. Fritz Bauer – a 13 minute making of featurette in which the cast and crew discusses Fritz Bauer as a man , and how they went about depicting him on screen with all of the supporting characters surrounding him .
Deleted Scenes – 5 scenes excised from the film , mostly character development scenes for Bauer as a character , to help establish why he left Germany in the 30s , and how paranoid he 's become since death threats against him have increased .
Theatrical Trailer – the film 's theatrical release trailer , as prepared by Cohen for their domestic release .
Cohen always kills it in the packaging department , but the extras for this release are fairly less than satisfying unfortunately . I could have used a commentary , or some interviews , but such is life .
Technical Specs ( click for technical FAQs )
Video
Codec : AVC
Resolution : 1080p
Aspect Ratio : 2.35:1
Audio
DTS-Master Audio 5.1 ( German )
Subtitles
English
Runtime : 105 minutes
Overall ( 4/5 )
I want to tell you to drop everything and settle in for a gripping , intense tale about one man 's drive to make Germany face it 's dark past through the eventual prosecution of SS leader Adolf Eichmann . To that however , I 'd have to sidestep a really contrived and shoehorned implementation of a homosexual persecution story that forces me to do a double take . If you can look past this however , The People Vs. Fritz Bauer is a well crafted film , one that mostly does justice to bring the spotlight to the incredible achievements accomplished by Fritz Bauer as District Attorney . Cohen Media Group brings the film to home video with a picture-perfect video transfer , adequate audio , and phenomenal packaging . Could I have asked for a few more extras ? Sure . Overall , I was satisfied with this release .
You know how it is : You 've got a massively powerful new bike like a Kawasaki Ninja H2R , and there 's an open test-and-tune day at the local dragstrip . Heck , why not run down there to see what kind of times you can do on it ? This H2R owner down under at Sydney Dragway in Australia had the same ambitions and decided to give it a go . What harm could it do ? Outside of looping the bike ( which the H2R 's traction control will do a lot to prevent ) , there 's little chance of doing some damage to the bike ... not like taking it to a track day at the local racing circuit .
Unfortunately , this dragstrip run went decidedly pear-shaped about 100 feet into the run , as the bike got a little out of shape and the front tire came down slightly leaned over . For some reason ( the bike can be seen gushing out coolant after it crashed , but there 's no sign of the front tire being wet in the second viewpoint video as the bike excruciatingly spins down the track , ruling that out as the cause ) the front tire completely loses traction , and the H2R and rider unceremoniously lowside onto the tarmac . Embarrassing ? Sure . But at least the bike only suffered damage to one side ( one YouTube commenter sagely pointed out , `` Good thing you pulled the wings off ... saved yourself almost $ 3600 right there ... '' ) instead of cartwheeling into oblivion like it could at a roadrace circuit . Still , click on the play button and cringe like the rest of us at the thought as the video plays ...
Once Upon A Time 's Sheriff Graham is the Storybrooke alternate of The Huntsman . The character is played by the handsome Jamie Dornan .
Sheriff Graham 's character was easy to love . Not only because of his undeniably good looks but also because of his good heart and genuine affection for Emma . However , it 's so frustrating how he ca n't cut lose on Regina 's grip which ended up with the evil queen crushing his heart to pieces . Yeah , his role was quite short but he 's definitely one of the deceased characters that we 're hoping they 'd bring back to life . Although , resurrection could be long delayed… Who knows what might happen in a magical place .
A few more tidbits about Jamie Dornan :
He 'll play the role of Christian Grey in the most anticipated fiction film , Fifty Shades of Grey .
He 's also a musician previously part of the folk band Sons of Jim as a singer .
He 's the most notable works are Marie Antoinette , Shadows in the Sun and Beyond the Rave .
He was a Calvin Klein model .
He was a Rugby player in Ireland .
He is a big Manchester United fan .
He is Keira Knightly 's ex boyfriend . They were together for two years .
He hated being “ cute ” when he was a kid .
As I kept digging for info about him , I just found more and more reasons to admire him . An actor , model , musician , athlete and incredibly gorgeous ? What can be more perfect than that ?
These photos will surely make your day .
Till Next Time ,
Fiction Fangirl
Advertisements
The type of bacteria in your gut may help diagnose colorectal cancer . Researchers at Baylor College of Medicine and other institutions have identified specific types of bacteria that seem to be abundant in individuals with colorectal cancer . Using a combination of markers specific for these fecal microbes , scientists anticipate that a noninvasive , sensitive clinical diagnostic test potentially can be developed . The study is published in Gut .
Colorectal cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer-associated death in the United States . Individuals diagnosed early have a 90 percent chance of survival ; however , more than 30 percent of individuals 50 years old or older , the high-risk group , indicate never having been screened for the disease . Currently , recommended screening methods include an invasive procedure - colonoscopy - and noninvasive tests , such as home-based fecal occult blood tests , and Cologuard for detecting colorectal cancer DNA markers and blood in stools . Each of these methods has its shortcomings , so to meet the need for a sensitive , noninvasive diagnostic test for colorectal cancer , the team of researchers looked at gut microbes as indicators of the disease .
`` A number of studies have shown an association between fecal microbes and colorectal cancer ; however , there is limited agreement in the types of microbes reported , '' said first author Dr. Manasi Shah , who was a graduate student at the University of Texas School of Public Health during the course of this project . `` I was interested in finding a microbial marker for the disease . One way to do this is by carrying out a single-institution study , but this takes a long time for sample collection , involves sequencing the microbes ' DNA and is expensive . I noticed that some of the published studies provided the means for accessing the raw microbial DNA sequencing data of the samples . How great it would be , I thought , if I could leverage existing raw data across multiple cohorts and come up with a generalizable marker for the disease . '' Shah realized that to take this approach , in addition to her biostatistical training , she would need to learn the bioinformatics tools necessary for analyzing next generation sequencing data . She approached senior author Dr. Emily Hollister , assistant professor of pathology at Baylor and Texas Children 's Hospital and director of microbial ecology for the Texas Children 's Microbiome Center , proposed her idea and expressed interest in learning the tools required to reprocess microbial sequence data from its original format .
`` Manasi had the interest , and we had the expertise , '' Hollister said . `` In our center , we had been planning to compare a series of different statistical tools to analyze large amounts of microbiome data . Manasi 's proposal fit very well with our goals . ''
Researchers reanalyzed raw bacterial DNA sequence data from several studies and confirmed previously reported types of bacteria associated with colorectal cancer and identified other bacteria not previously associated with the disease .
Easier said than done
`` In our experience , collecting the raw data from the published studies was an uphill task , '' Shah said . `` Some studies shared all the sample-associated microbial DNA sequences and clinical data , others only shared partial data or did not share any data at all . After much effort , I was able to gather data from nine of 12 published studies . This highlights the need for an initiative to encourage investigators to share their data upon publication , which will help wider dissemination and reproducibility in the field . ''
The researchers also had to overcome the difficulties posed by the diversity of technological approaches used by different laboratories analyzing the samples .
`` This was an incredibly large , complex multinational study , '' said co-author Todd DeSantis , co-founder and vice president of informatics at Second Genome Inc. `` We saw many differences between medical centers in the way each collected and stored stool samples and in the methods used to process the bacterial DNA in stools . These differences can be problematic for identifying the bacterial strains that proliferate in cancer patients , but our Second Genome KnowlegeBase Team , led by co-author Thomas Weinmaier , found ways to enhance our software platform to address these differences along the way . The findings that emerged from this challenging data set helped validate our platform , and in the process we were able to deliver high-quality insights to advance our collaboration with Dr . Hollister . ''
After reanalyzing large amounts of raw bacterial DNA sequence data from several studies uniformly using a variety of statistical tools , the scientists confirmed previously reported types of bacteria associated with colorectal cancer and identified other bacteria not previously associated with the disease .
`` The fact that even when we combined several different studies we could correctly classify a sample as a colorectal cancer case or control with 80 percent accuracy solely based on microbial abundances was very encouraging , '' Shah said . `` This is a promising first step to develop a noninvasive test that might be used in the detection of colorectal cancer , supplementing colonoscopy or fecal occult blood tests , '' Hollister said .
`` The same strategy could be applied for developing diagnostic tests or therapeutics for other diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease , nonalcoholic steatohepatitis ( a form of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease ) , type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer 's disease , among others for which the microbiome is currently being investigated , '' Shah said .
# # #
Other contributors to this work include Paul J McMurdie , Julia L Cope , Adam Altrichter and José-Miguel Yamal . The authors are affiliated with one or more of the following institutions : Baylor College of Medicine , the University of Texas School of Public Health , Texas Children 's Hospital , Second Genome Inc , Whole Biome Inc and Diversigen Inc .
Community Rating :
Community Rating : 5 / 5 ( 0 votes ) Click here to view ratings and comments . Oracle Printed Card Name : Mathas , Fiend Seeker Mana Cost : Converted Mana Cost : 3 Types : Legendary Creature — Vampire Card Text : Menace At the beginning of your end step , put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls . For as long as that creature has a bounty counter on it , it has `` When this creature dies , each opponent draws a card and gains 2 life . '' Flavor Text : `` All will know of your crimes . '' P/T : 3 / 3 Expansion : Commander 2017 Rarity : Mythic Rare Card Number : 42 Artist : Joe Slucher Rulings The target creature that gets a bounty counter still has the triggered ability it gains even if Mathas leaves the battlefield . Creatures that receive a bounty counter other than from Mathas 's ability resolving wo n't gain the triggered ability . Creatures that receive more than one bounty counter as Mathas 's ability resolves ( most likely due to Doubling Season ) wo n't have the ability multiple times . If Mathas 's ability resolves two separate times targeting the same creature , that creature will have two instances of the triggered ability . Each triggers separately when that creature dies . The opponents who each draw a card and gain 2 life are the opponents of the player who controlled the creature as it died . This may not be the player who controlled the creature when it received a bounty counter .
eye Title Creator
To read the manual for this game , click here . GALACTIC INVASION 2011 . Alien ships come at your missile launcher from every direction . They peel off from their formation singly or in groups of twos or threes . The more aliens you destroy , the more of their reinforcements attack . Each ship is piloted by a highly skilled captain capable of maneuvering with incredible agility . Realistic sounds add to the intensity . Up to 4 players . Aim your missiles at the alien ships and score points for each one ...
favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
To read the manual for this game , click here . Challenge the Incredible Wizard and his creatures in their own environment : treacherous dungeons ! Slip through the magic door to the other end of the dungeon , but prevent the super monster from escaping through it . Shoot the Incredible Wizard and experience the tremor of the entire dungeon as his magic wavers . Become a Worlord and play Worlord Dungeons - even go all the way to the PIT . Fantastic sounds and bonus plays make the Incredible Wizard ...
favorite favorite favorite ( 2 reviews )
Click here to read the manual for this game .
favorite favorite ( 2 reviews )
ARCHIVE.ORG Console Library : Bally Astrocade 932 932 Artillery Duels by Bally software eye 932 favorite 1 comment 0
To read the manual for this game , click here . Square off for an exciting duel of skill and cunning as you plan and carry out the destruction of your opponent . Check the wind , make critical adjustments to barrel angle and powder charge , and fire . The final explosion leaves no doubt as to the winner . Random terrains ensure that every game is different ! A fantastic party game that 's absolutely addictive for 2 players or teams . After a random terrain is drawn and the soldiers install the gun ...
ARCHIVE.ORG Console Library : Bally Astrocade 918 918 Muncher ( 19xx ) ( Esoterica ) software eye 918 favorite 2 comment 2
Virtually a Pac-Man clone , Muncher incorporates a little of everything from its seed of inspiration , from the layout of the original maze , to the power-pellets , to the ghostly enemies , all found in the original Pac-Man .
favorite favorite favorite ( 2 reviews )
Click here to view the manual to this game . Four challenging courses in race car driving excitement ! Jockey for position at Le Mans or go for broke on a dangerous rally track ! There 's a constant trade-off between speed and maneuverability ! Varying skill levels upgrade the challenge and the fun . Here is all the excitement of formula-style racing ! The competition gets hotter as players improve their skills ! 1 or 2 players .
favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
ARCHIVE.ORG Console Library : Bally Astrocade 604 604 Football ( 19xx ) ( Bally ) software eye 604 favorite 0 comment 0
Click here to view the manual to this game . Football is a sports game for 2 or 4 ( 2 vs. 2 ) players . The offensive team can choose between different plays , and can use the controller to adjust the quarterback 's arm to change the angle at which the ball is thrown .
ARCHIVE.ORG Console Library : Bally Astrocade 588 588 Cosmic Raiders by Astrovision software eye 588 favorite 0 comment 0
Click here to view the manual to this game . COSMIC RAIDERS 2019 In deep space lies the alien sector Larkin . You are there on a mission to obtain energy sources that have been seized by the evil Larkins . Radar and a superior guidance system help you avoid attacking fighters and Kamikaze ships . The energy stars are near the Larkin command ship : you must retrieve them before you can leave the enemy sector . COSMIC RAIDERS ( 1-4 players ) An evil force , LARKIN , is attacking your base planet . In every ...
ARCHIVE.ORG Console Library : Bally Astrocade 575 575 280 Zzzap + Dodgem by Bally software eye 575 favorite 0 comment 0
To read the manual for this game , click here . 280 ZZZAP/DODGEM 2001 : Two different high-speed car races demand quick response and raw courage . Enter your racing time into the computer - floor the accelerator - and go for speed and distance . 280 Zzzzap challenges you to hold a road filled with dangerous hairpin turns ! Dodgem puts you up against other cars driven by the computer . The sharper your driving skills , the more mileage you 'll get .
Click here to view the manual to this game . This dual-game cartridge includes two varieties of Breakout : Brickyard , an almost pixel for pixel translation of the game , and Clowns , a game involving the use of a see-saw and two clowns jumping on either end , collecting items in midair .
Click here to view the manual to this game . Panzer Attack is a tank battle game for two to four players . Each player controls a single tank maneuvering through an arena filled with walls that obstruct movement and fire . The arena is viewed from an overhead perspective like that used in Combat on the Atari 2600 . Red Baron is a two player game of air combat between two World War One biplane . The object of the game is to see how many times you can shoot down the other player before time runs out ....
ARCHIVE.ORG Console Library : Bally Astrocade 407 407 Blast Droids by Esoterica software eye 407 favorite 1 comment 0
To read the manual for this game , click here . From : Chief of Operations , Spectrecade School for Intergalactic Space Pilots , Inc. To : All Future Star Pilots Dear Prospective Intergalatic Space Pilots : The Spectrecade School for Intergalactic Space Pilots is pleased to announce that you have passed our entrance exam with flying ( ha , ha ) colors and have been accepted for our Home Study Course I . This program consists of : 1 . Four lessons in 'Ship Maneuvering V after which you will ... 2 . Solo in ...
Click here to view the manual to this game . Amazing Maze is a randomly-generated maze game with three difficulties , Easy , Medium , and Hard , where one player races to complete the maze faster than another human player , or against the CPU . Tic-Tac-Toe is an electronic version of the classic game .
ARCHIVE.ORG Console Library : Bally Astrocade 259 259 Dog Patches by Bally software eye 259 favorite 1 comment 0
To read the manual for this game , click here . Dog Patch is a two-player Skeet-Shoot type game in which players accumulate points by bouncing the target can between each player .
Click here to view the manual to this game . Three all-time card game favorites ! The computer stakes you to a thousand dollars and then it 's either `` get rich quick '' or `` down the tubes . '' Authentic 52 card action ! For example , in Blackjack you can double down or split , and five cards under 21 is an automatic winner . The computer does the dealing and keeps track of the money . Up to 4 players .
Click here to view the manual to this game . A version of BASIC for the Balley Astrocade . Write BASIC programs that run on the console !
favorite favorite ( 4 reviews )
Click here to view the manual to this game . A combination of four different sports games , the four-in-one cartridge involves largely Pong -style Hockey , Tennis , and Handball , as well as uniquely organized Baseball game , for two players .
Click here to read the manual for this game . Congratulations ! You have just stepped into the world of Machine Language . No longer are the secrets of fast graphics and infinite program control held out of your grasp . But let 's not be hasty ! For along with this new found flexibility comes additional responsibilities and tedious frustrations you may not have experienced before . So , before we get too far along let me say a few words about whom this new cartridge is aimed at . You may have been aware ...
( 1 reviews )
Click here to view the manual to this game . Bingo Math + Speed Math ( 19xx ) ( Bally )
Nintendo wants you to know that The Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword will be worth the wait , promising that the game will be the company 's biggest project to date . Yes , even bigger than Ice Climber !
`` This is the biggest project that Nintendo has ever done , videogame wise , '' said Nintendo of America PR man , David Young . `` A gigantic team of people have been creating this game for months , having put tons of hours into it .
`` The great thing about Legend Of Zelda : Skyward Sword is that it 's filled with content so as you 're going through exploring dungeons from place to place you 're going to find tons of different things to explore , see and collect . ''
Skyward Sword has taken roughly 100,000 years to develop , so I should hope it 's been a huge undertaking ! The focus on Wii U and NoA 's almost total abandonment of the Wii this year has dampened my focus on the game , but my excitement to finally play it is recovering . I imagine I 'll be rabid for the thing as we approach its launch .
Tools and Combat Walkthrough [ Gametrailers ]
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
Winner 's thread ! [ url ] http : //www.bungie.net/en/Groups/Post ? id=64139737 & groupId=39813 [ /url ] Spring is here ! That means the nature that has overtaken the ruins of humanity will begin to blossom and grow . So ladies and gents , I announce yet another Destiny Art Contest ! [ b ] The theme : [ /b ] Anything in the Universe of Destiny , with spring being channeled in some way or another . So anything from a Vex stepping on flowers to a massive Cabal Excavator rusting underneath vines is acceptable . [ b ] Acceptable mediums : [ /b ] Any visual art-form is acceptable , please keep it SFW and abide by all forum rules . If you use photomanipulation , you [ u ] must [ /u ] credit the source of the photo . [ b ] Deadline : [ /b ] [ u ] Sunday , March 23rd , 11:59 PM Pacific Time ( GMT-8 ) [ /u ] The winner will probably be chosen on Monday ( it depends on how many judges have the free time to do their job ) . [ b ] The Prize : [ /b ] I will treat [ u ] the 1st place winner [ /u ] to $ 20 worth of Bungie SWAG from the Bungie Store . If you win , but live outside of the US , I will do my best to get you a gaming gift card code of equivalent value . ( Because shipping internationally would cost more than the item being shipped lol ) [ u ] Second place [ /u ] gets a Sticker of their choice from the Bungiestore , a $ 4.99 value . [ u ] Third place [ /u ] also gets a sticker of their choice from the Bungiestore ! [ b ] IMPORTANT : [ /b ] Please link your image in a comment on this thread , [ u ] submissions by private message will be disqualified [ /u ] , it 's hard to keep track of who submitted what when I need to go way back into my PM history . [ b ] The Panel of Judges : [ /b ] Charlemagne DE4THINC4RN4TE MiloOmega PermeableProgo USplendid And some of the senior crew in Art & Stuff ( [ i ] really [ /i ] cool people ) Cheers ! - [ i ] The Members of Art & Stuff [ /i ]
Post History Loading , please wait . This may take some time ... Revision Date Edited Edited By Subject Link Category Flags Subject Body
Pandagon is daily opinion blog covering feminism , politics , and pop culture . Come for the politics , stay for the complete lack of patience for the B.S . and bad faith coming from conservative leaders and pundits .
Conservatives have figured out that the way to win any debate is to drown your opponent in lies .
Updated to add : A commenter reminded me that this phenomenon was first chronicled with creationists and deemed the “ Gish Gallop ” by skeptics . You can read about that here .
The rollout of manufactured conservative outrage about insurance plans being required to cover contraception—something , may I remind you , most already did—has been a demonstration that the right wing noise machine has perfected the art of bullshit , after decades of honing their craft . Conservative leaders have learned they can train their followers to believe anything , with One Simple Trick : Lie faster than the debunkers can debunk . With the contraception mandate , there 's been a dizzying amount of lies that have been pouring out of the right , and this is no accident . Conservative leaders have learned that if you drown your opposition in lies , they are doomed . Even if they debunk one lie , audiences who are eager to buy into the anti-contraception line will simply cling to another . If you debunk that lie , conservatives just switch to another or switch back . So discourse goes like this :
Conservative : I do n't want to pay for your abortifacients !
Liberal : Look , there are two lies in there . One , you are not “ paying for ” my contraception . That 's just how health care plans work , where everyone pays into a pool and we draw out what we need—
Conservative : But this is abortion and abortion is evil evil evil !
Liberal : The contraception mandate does not cover abortion . It covers contraception , which prevents pregnancy—
Conservative : But contraception works by killing fertilized eggs ! That is abortion !
Liberal : Look , that 's two lies again . One , there is no evidence that most hormonal contraception has any effect on fertilized eggs and even if it did , that is not abortion , because pregnancy begins at implantation , not fertilization .
Conservative : ( COMPLETELY AND AGGRESSIVELY IGNORING THE FIRST POINT , LIKE A COMPLETE ASSHOLE ) But killing fertilized eggs is abortion ! I believe life begins at conception !
At this point , Liberal has to make an impossible choice . Do they confront the fact that Conservative is completely ignoring the science about how contraception works , or do they try to point out that just because you “ believe ” that “ fertilization ” is the start point of a pregnancy does n't mean it 's true ? Either way , you will continue to be screwed by moving goalposts .
Option # 1 : Confront Conservative on lie about how contraception prevents pregnancy .
Liberal : You completely ignored the fact that “ belief ” is utterly irrelevant . Hormonal contraception works by suppressing ovulation . It 's a myth based on a deliberately false reading of an outdated FDA label . The overwhelming evidence shows that if you do n't want fertilized eggs to die , the best thing you can do is be on the pill , as it prevents fertilization in the first place .
Conservative : But there were probably some women at some point in history who had a fertilized egg die in her system after she took the pill , and that 's good enough to say that my religion forbids it , and religious liberty means your boss should be able to impose his religion on you by manipulating your benefits package .
Option # 2 : Confront Conservative on the “ when does pregnancy begin ” lie .
Liberal : Look , just because you “ believe ” pregnancy starts at fertilization does n't mean that it does ! Since so many fertilized eggs fail to attach , regardless of what a woman is doing , scientists pinpoint the start of pregnancy at implantation , not fertilization . Also , this fact shows that you are completely bananas to think a fertilized egg is the same thing as a baby .
Conservative : But I believe that 's “ killing ” and my belief is enough to trump your rights !
And so on and so forth . If you correct one lie , they jump to another . It 's like falling down a rabbit hole . Even if you put together a list of the lies so that they are neatly debunked in one place , it wo n't change any minds . Part of the problem is motivated reasoning . Motivated reasoning is when you have a predetermined conclusion , and you just look for evidence to support it . ( AS opposed to calmly looking over the evidence with an open mind , and going where it takes you . ) Everyone does this , so it 's not like liberals should get too cocky . But motivated reasoning is a much easier to stick with when you have a handful of reasons to believe what you want to believe , instead of just one .
Not only does this strategy mean that while a liberal is debunking one lie , they 're stuck letting another one stand—which is very frustrating ! —but it also creates a larger no-win situation , which is how to deal with the fact that your opponent is lying altogether . Your choices are to ignore the lies or to debunk them . Either way , you lose . Letting lies stand reads as complicity and acceptance . However , there 's a fuck ton of research that shows that , when people read a factual debunking of their beliefs , they actually double down and believe even harder . Being corrected , it seems , makes people petulant and more insistent on their lies .
The right has figured out , beyond a shadow of a doubt , that lying is a more effective political strategy than telling the truth . When the right first started to put out feelers to see if they could convince a substantial subset of Americans that there was something sleazy and evil about insurance coverage of contraception—something that had literally been non-controversial for decades—I had my doubts that they would be able to pull it off . And let 's be clear , they did n't convince most Americans . But they convinced enough Americans that they were able to take it to the Supreme Court , where they very likely convinced five judges ( who were , to be fair , already hard-baked misogynists , so did n't need much convincing ) . All with one simple formula : Lie , a lot . Drown your opponents in lies . It works so well it 's kind of amazing .
Armed with this knowledge , there 's no telling what they 're going to be able to do . It 's not like liberals can fight back with lies of our own . The media tends to hold liberals to a higher standard , for one thing . More importantly , while some liberals are happy to lie , the liberal value system tends to be more pro-honesty than the conservative one , and that means most liberals are just not going to be as eager to lie with a straight face as conservatives .
A man who may have been the world 's oldest cyclist , described in 2011 as the “ poster boy ” of cycling in Long Beach , California , has died at the age of 106 .
Retired aerospace mechanic Octavio Orduno was a local celebrity in Long Beach , where he cycled daily along Ocean Boulevard until a couple of years ago , reports the Los Angeles Times .
He only gave those excursions up because he could no longer make it up the slope back to the parking garage of the home he shared with his wife of 60 years , Alicia – although he would continue to pedal loops inside it .
A colourful character and by all accounts something of a ladies ' man , he began riding a tricycle at the age of 100 on his wife 's insistence , having previously preferred two wheels .
Charles Gandy , formerly cycling co-ordinator for the Long Beach municipality , recruited him to act as the symbol of cycling there .
`` He was the embodiment of health , vitality and longevity , '' he said . `` He was also full of mischief . ''
Orduno said the secret to his longevity was to `` Keep moving and eat healthy . ''
His daughter Angelina said : `` He just loved life , and he was n't going to go down without a fight . ''
When he finally gave up cycling , it was n't for health reasons , but because someone had stolen the front wheel of his trike .
His son Eddie said : `` He was upset . But I think , by then , he was too old to keep going . ''
According to the Los Angeles Times , Orduno would pass his days looking out of the window and with his health deteriorating , was put in a home by his family .
Earlier this month , he decided to head outside but fell and broke his hip and died several days later as a result of complications .
`` If he could , he would have been riding still , '' his son said . `` He would have made it to 107 . ''
The world 's best known centenarian cyclist is without doubt Frenchman Robert Marchand , aged 103 .
A year ago today , and almost nine decades after he first entered a race , he smashed his own age group Hour record – a category specially created for him by the UCI .
Mark Hemmings died just 30 minutes after he eventually arrived at hospital - two days after he first dialled 999 .
The 41-year-old had been struck with painful gallstones , which could have been cured with a routine operation .
His increasingly desperate pleas for an ambulance on March 29 were met with little response despite him calling 999 and speaking to an out-of-hours GP on the same night .
He was finally rushed to University Hospital of North Staffordshire on April 1 where he suffered a fatal heart attack triggered by gallstones blocking his pancreatic duct .
His 60-year-old mother Sylvia passed away at the hospital on the same day .
Mr Hemmings , from Stoke-on-Trent , Staffordshire , begged a 999 operator three times for an ambulance during the seven-and-a-half minute call but was refused each time .
At one stage the dispatcher even told him to call back if he fell unconscious before dismissing his moans as stomach ache .
Eventually the operator said : `` From what you 've told me you do n't need an ambulance . ''
Mr Hemmings replied : `` But I 'm in agony '' , but was then advised to take a warm bath to ease the pain and the case was passed on to an out-of-hours GP .
He waited 90-minutes before the doctor called him back and in three-and-a-half minute conversation he told the doctor he was in agony and was about to pass out .
The doctor refused to come and see him , ordering Mr Hemmings , who lived alone and could not drive , to get to a surgery instead ,
When Mr Hemmings , who suffered mental and physical problems , failed to turn up for the appointment his records were marked 'did not attend ' and no further checks were made on his condition .
He was not seen until a care worker found him lying in agony on the floor of his home on April 1 and called 999 .
Close friend Dean Rowley , 40 , who had been visiting Mr Hemmings ' mother in hospital on the day when he arrived in A & E , said : `` I was really close to Mark when we were boys and even though we drifted apart , I stood over his body and vowed for old times ' sake to find answers to what had gone wrong as there is no-one else around to do it .
`` What should have been a simple operation was never allowed to happen because he could not get an ambulance .
`` His great distress and pain is clear from the calls . He even mentions gallstones on both calls but even that did n't bring an ambulance .
`` Because he does n't give the right answers there are catastrophic failings in the emergency system .
`` He was trying to do the decent thing and answer the questions honestly - but that did not pay .
`` Astonishingly no-one even asks if he is on his own or vulnerable . I had a real battle getting the transcripts and wo n't give up now to make sure no-one suffers in the same way . ''
A post-mortem discovered that Mr Hemmings died after his pancreatic duct was blocked by gallstones .
West Midlands Ambulance Service yesterday defended their handling of the case , saying they followed `` national guidelines . ''
A spokesman said : `` The call was assessed using national guidelines based on the information provided by the caller .
`` As a result the patient 's condition was judged not to be immediately life-threatening .
`` To try to assist the patient , the call-handler made the necessary arrangements for an out-of-hours GP to contact the patient .
`` We had no further contact until two days later when a further 999 call was received .
`` On this occasion an ambulance and a rapid response vehicle were dispatched , arriving within six minutes .
`` Unfortunately , despite the best efforts , the man died shortly after arrival at hospital .
`` The trust has carried out a full investigation which determined that the calls were handled correctly .
`` As part of the process , we have organised a multi-agency meeting with senior clinicians and the family to further discuss the circumstances and establish if any lessons can be learnt . ''
Transcript of Mr Hemmings ' call to West Midlands Ambulance Service at 11.09pm on Friday , March 29
Mark Hemmings : `` My stomach is in agony , duck . I 've got lumps in my stomach . ''
Call minder : `` Have you got any other symptoms ? ''
MH : `` I 'm in agony , sweating a lot , feeling weak . Going on mostly all day . ''
C-M : `` Have you had any diarrhoea or vomiting ? ''
MH : `` My stomach 's in agony . Yes I 've been sick a few times . It is a sharp pain . ''
C-M : `` Have you ever been diagnosed with an aortic aneurysm or Marfan 's syndome ? ''
MH : `` No . I 've got gallstones in my stomach , duck . Pain in my stomach . ''
C-M : `` Have you got any crushing or aching pain in your upper abdomen ? ''
MH : `` Sort of . Think so . ''
C-M : `` Any pain to your arms , neck , jaw or shoulder ? ''
MH : `` No , duck . Can I have an ambulance , duck ? ''
C-M : `` Have you passed a bowel motion that looks black or tarry or red or maroon ? ''
MH : `` No . I 'm just in agony , duck . ''
C-M : `` Any new pain on your eye ? Have you got any lumps or swellings in your testicles or scrotum ? ''
MH : `` No . Tummy pains . Am light headed . ''
C-M : `` From what you 've told me you do n't require an emergency ambulance but we will get somebody to call you back . ''
MH : `` Ca n't I have an ambulance - I 'm in agony . ''
C-M : `` OK I appreciate that but from the answers you 've given me you do n't need an ambulance but you need to speak to the local GP in the next two hours . ''
MH : `` Do I need to go to the hospital ? ''
C-M : `` No , you need to stay on the phone for a moment . You could try a warm bath but if you collapse , become unconscious , unresponsive , faint , cold or clammy it 's 999 . Keep this line free and if you have n't heard back from them in 90 minutes you need to call us back again . ''
Transcript of a call from a GP at North Staffordshire Urgent Care to Mr Hemmings at 12.40am on March 30
GP : `` What can I do for you tonight ? ''
MH : `` Have got pains in my stomach . I 've been sick a lot . Pain is all over my abdomen - I 've got gallstones see . ''
GP : `` OK. You are known to have gallstones ? ''
MH : `` I 'm in agony . I 've been sweating . ''
GP : `` Do you have any major medical problems other than having gallstones ? ''
( Discussion about what medication he takes ) .
MH : `` I 'm in agony . Can I have an ambulance ? I 'm going to pass out . ''
GP : `` If you need an ambulance you need to directly call 999 you see . Tell them you 've spoken to us and you have gallstones and developing severe pains . They will come along and see you OK ? ''
MH : `` Can you get somebody come see me ? ''
GP : `` If you need an ambulance call 999 but if you need us to help you you need to come up to Basford . ''
MH : `` I 've already rung 999 and she wo n't send an ambulance . ''
GP : `` As I 've told you we will see you here . That 's no problem . But you need to come up to Basford . We can definitely see you straightaway . ( GP gives him directions ) . ''
MH : `` Thank you . ''
GP : `` I will book an appointment for you here . Just come straight down . Take some paracetamols , that will help you slightly . ''
OTTAWA—The Conservative government is shuttering a scientific “ jewel ” in northern Ontario that has put Canada at the forefront of global freshwater lake research . The federal fisheries department announced Thursday that it intends to close down the Experimental Lakes Area , a collection of 58 lakes near Kenora . Unions said this was a fragment of the more than 1,000 notices sent Thursday to Fisheries and Canadian Coast Guard employees about imminent layoffs . Separately , a spokesperson for the department said more than $ 79 million is expected to be saved through cuts to internal operations and administration . The open-air research facility nestled in the Precambrian Shield is but the highest profile of those cuts . From acid rain to mercury levels to climate change and the effects of household phosphates on freshwater ecosystems , the chain of lakes has seen them all , and often been the site of world-leading breakthroughs in science . “ In our scientific community it 's an international jewel , ” said Yves Prairie , a professor in the biology department at L'Université du Québec à Montréal . “ This is where some of the most significant advances in our science have occurred in the last 40 years .
Article Continued Below
“ For us , it 's completely incredible that the government would shut it down given the international stature that it has and the importance for the field. ” The word comes as federal lawmakers debate a controversial budget billthat eases rules on environmental assessments , removes protection for fish and wildlife and scraps agencies like the National Roundtable on the Environment and the Economy , an independent panel struck to help Ottawa balance environmental protection with economic growth . Before the Experimental Lakes Area was created , biologists studying freshwater lakes and ecosystems were forced to collect water in containers and truck it back to the lab for tests and experiments with less than reliable results .
After the Ontario government deeded the area to the federal government in the late 1960s , scientists were able to manipulate whole lakes to study some of the most pressing water issues of the day . Since then , it has drawn some of the top scientists into freshwater ecosystems from Canada , the United States and around the world . In announcing the closure , the government said such work is now better carried out by universities and non-governmental organizations . Fisheries spokesperson Mélanie Carkner said : “ Every attempt will be made to transfer the ownership of the facility to universities or provinces . ”
Article Continued Below
David Schindler , a University of Alberta ecology professor who helped to set up the Experimental Lakes Area , said : “ Their assertion that universities can do this sort of stuff is just absurd . They simply do not give , via any of their mechanisms , the kind of money needed to run a facility like that. ” Schindler said he was saddened but not surprised to hear of the decision . “ It 's not a surprise given the total lack of appreciation for science in this government , ” he said . “ It 's pretty tragic and it 's indicative of what we face for the next four years with this bunch of glib soothsayers for politicians. ” A 2004 audit of the Experimental Lakes Area by the federal fisheries department found some management problems , including an annual deficit of $ 77,000 , a poorly documented cost recovery system , an informal and inefficient system of charging and collecting per diems from visiting scientists , and research that was inconsistent with departmental activities and priorities . A follow-up audit in 2008 found that “ the most critical ” shortcomings had been addressed . But scientists say that the work completed at the chain of lakes in northern Ontario has always been timely and critical to the issues of the day . Prairie , who is vice-president of the Society of Canadian Limnologists , recalled that freshwater scientists were studying the effects of acid rain in the 1980s — the same time that Prime Minister Brian Mulroney was negotiating his famous Acid Rain Treaty with U.S. Presidents Ronald Reagan and his successor , George H.W . Bush . In another landmark experiment in the 1970s , researchers divided up a lake into two parts to study the effects of phosphates on the water , assuming that they were behind the phenomenon of oxygen-depriving blue-green algae . Companies who made and sold household detergents and shampoos rigorously denied that phosphates were the reason that lakes were becoming green and murky rather than remaining crystal clear . The experiment involved adding carbon , nitrogen and phosphorus into one half of the lake and leaving the phosphorous out of the other half .
We 're a little more than a month away from the MLB playoffs , when fans of eliminated teams will have to hop on a contending team 's bandwagon and take shelter from the onslaught of October ED ads . The Cubs and Indians , who have n't won titles since 1908 and 1948 , respectively , are the leaders in the lovable losers department , but they are n't the only presumptive playoff teams whose legacies elicit sympathy points . The Rangers , who came into existence in 1961 as the Washington Senators before moving to Texas for the 1972 season , are the longest-lived franchise without a World Series title . And if they win one this year , it will be in part because of two veteran players whose Cooperstown-quality résumés are also conspicuously lacking in rings .
Third baseman Adrián Beltré and DH Carlos Beltrán , who debuted in 1998 and were united in Texas last month after Beltrán 's deadline trade to the team , are the most accomplished active players who have n't won a World Series . Now they 're batting back to back for a team that 's jockeying with Cleveland for the best record in the American League . And thanks to their similar surnames , they have a readymade , tag-team-quality nickname , which made it onto a T-shirt not long into their time as teammates .
Beltré , who debuted with the Dodgers at age 19 , took a low-profile route to having the highest career WAR of any active , non-Pujols player . Between ballparks that hurt his surface stats , undervalued defense , and some genuinely lackluster offensive seasons in his early to mid-20s , including a big drop-off from his 2004 career year after he signed with Seattle , Beltré made it through the typical player 's prime years without generating much serious consideration as a future Hall of Famer .
That changed after he signed the “ pillow contract ” that brought him to Boston in 2010 , his first All-Star season . Finally free of Safeco Field , which suppressed the stats of right-handed hitters , the 31-year-old Beltré led the majors with 49 doubles and began to transform into one of baseball 's best contact hitters , even as the game 's average strikeout rate rose , and even as he often swung from one knee .
Beltré 's refusal to get worse with age has yielded an unlikely career arc . He ranks 72nd on the list of the highest career WAR totals through age 29 ; by the end of this season , he 'll probably place 14th on the list of the highest WAR totals from ages 30 through 37 . Not only is he still a better hitter than he was for most of the first half of his career , but his defense has n't slipped : Only Brooks Robinson and Roberto Clemente accrued more combined fielding runs from ages 36–37 , and if Beltré keeps coming in on bunts and going back on pop-ups as easily as ever , he could blow by them both .
Beltrán , meanwhile , began his big league life as a tooled-up star toiling in Kansas City obscurity ; in his first full season , he went 20–20–20 ( home runs , stolen bases , fielding runs ) . As his speed ebbed , he became a better home run hitter , but he remained one of the best percentage base stealers until injuries and a thickening frame turned him into a station-to-station ( albeit still productive ) DH . At 39 , he 's having his best power season in several years , although he 's scuffled since the trade to Texas .
Both of the Belt Bros. have already cleared or come close to clearing the historical Hall of Fame standard at their positions , as measured by JAWS , a statistical system that compares candidates to baselines established by blending the peak and career Wins Above Replacement totals posted by previously inducted players . Beltré is way over the threshold at third base , a position that 's long been neglected by the Cooperstown gatekeepers . To say the same in center field , Beltrán needs to tack on only 1.3 WAR before he retires .
Beltré 's ability to play through perpetual pain has been more durable , which partially explains why Beltrán 's regular-season record looks lighter ; according to Baseball Injury Consultants , Beltrán has lost 180 more days to injury over the course of his career , roughly a full season 's worth of work . Beltré , who 's two years younger , has more major league life ahead of him , and a better shot at some sexy milestones ; if healthy , he 'll record his 3,000th hit next season , with an outside shot at 500 homers if he plays into his 40s . Beltrán compensates for that missing production with a crazy postseason record ; after compiling a .332/.441/.674 playoff slash line over 52 games , he ranks seventh on the all-time leaderboard for postseason Series Win Probability Added , behind a bunch of names that are also synonymous with playoff success ( including Rivera , Smoltz , Schilling , and Freese ) .
Beltré , at least , may have moved beyond the point at which his Hall of Fame qualifications are still subject to dispute . But both players ' cases could benefit from a late-career title . As Bill James noted in The New Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract , it 's easier for a player 's talent to be overlooked when it 's “ harder to form a whole image of what he has done. ” And both Beltré and Beltrán have skill sets that resist easy encapsulation .
“ Anything which ‘ breaks up ' a player 's career tends to cause him to be underrated , ” James wrote . “ A player who has a good career will be thought of more highly than a player who does the same things , but with three different teams. ” Neither Beltré nor Beltrán has spent more than seven seasons with one team , although Beltré will reach eight if he remains with the Rangers for the rest of his contract , which expires after 2018 . Beltrán , who 'll be a free agent this winter , might suit up for his eighth team in 2017 .
Nor does it help that neither player has stood out in any one area that 's easily quantified or summed up with traditional back-of-the-baseball-card stats . “ Specialists and players who do two or three things well are overrated ; players who do several things well are underrated , ” James wrote . Beltrán 's Baseball-Reference page has shockingly little black ink ; apart from playing all 162 games in 2002 , he never led his league in any notable category . Beltré 's black ink is only a little bit better ; he led the majors with 48 homers in 2004 , an outlier year for a hitter who 's averaged only 26 per 162 games , and in later campaigns finished first in hits and doubles . Compare that to the page of occasional Beltré antagonist Miguel Cabrera , who 's amassed almost as many WARS as Beltrán in a more compressed period , leading the majors in all three slash stats , winning a Triple Crown , and picking up a pair of MVP awards . Cabrera has never failed to earn MVP votes in any full season , and regardless of how his decline phase unfolds , his Hall case will be easy to make : He 's been the best hitter in baseball , both in individual seasons and for a full decade .
Beltré and Beltrán should beat Cabrera to induction , even though they flunk the Black Ink and Gray Ink tests for Hall of Famers . But their supporters will have to make more nuanced cases , calling on park factors , postseason performance , and defensive stats that may have fallen out of favor by the time they 're eligible for induction . Today , the two players get points for leadership , but such soft factors , James asserts , “ tend to be forgotten over time . Everything else deteriorates faster than the numbers . ”
In other words , winning the World Series would n't hurt . As James added : “ Players who play for championship teams are often overrated ; players who get stuck with bad teams are often underrated. ” Both of the Belt Bros. have been underrated for long enough that being overrated for once would be a refreshing correction ; maybe that 's all it would take for a second English speaker to join Jon Miller in stressing their names ' accented syllables . Beltré 's teams have n't been bad — they 've gone 1,400–1,285 with him on the field — but Beltrán 's have been about 30 games under .500 . And despite Beltrán 's playoff heroics , he plays the victim in what might be the most memorable moment of his career , a looking , Game 7 strikeout that sent an inferior team to a World Series it wound up winning . A 2016 title would overwrite that image , replacing the close calls with a career-crowning pat on the head that even Beltré might not mind .
Iraqi Kurdish security forces have opened a road to Sinjar Mountain in northwestern Iraq , rescuing more than 5,000 Yazidis trapped there after running away from fighters from the Islamic State ( IS ) group , a Kurdish army spokesman has told Al Jazeera .
`` I can confirm that we succeeded in reaching the mountains and opening a road for the refugees , '' said Halgord Hikmet , a spokesman for the Peshmergas , the Kurdish security forces .
Hikmet said that recent air strikes on IS targets by US warplanes had allowed the Peshmergas to open a route to the mountain .
The IS , which has captured large areas of Syria and Iraq , see Shia Muslims and minorities such as Christians and Yazidis , a Kurdish ethno-religious community , as infidels .
The Yazidis , a minority that follow a 4,000-year-old faith , had taken cover in Sinjar Mountain for the past five days in searing heat , and with no supplies , after fleeing advancing IS fighters .
Two Kurdish officials , Ekrem Hasso and Juan Mohammad , told the AP news agency that the Yazidis fled across the border from Iraq to seek refuge with the Kurds of northeastern Syria .
Rami Abdel-Rahman , who heads the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , also said thousands of people have fled from Iraq into Syria but had no exact number .
US warplanes have launched several waves of air strikes against IS fighters in northern Iraq since Friday .
Aerial drones and F-18 jets have attacked fighter positions close to the Kurdish capital of Erbil .
The air strikes seek to allow the federal and Kurdish governments to claw back areas lost in two months of conflict .
On Friday and Saturday , the US also dropped food and water for the Yazidis hiding on Sinjar Mountain . The UK is also delivering aid and has announced it is sending medics to northern Iraq .
'US troops will not fight in Iraq '
Barack Obama , the US president , said at a news conference on Saturday that Washington was proud to be acting alongside friends and allies in Iraq during the air strikes and was in the process of reaching Iraqi civilians trapped on Sinjar Mountain .
Obama repeatedly called on the Iraqis to come together to form a legitimate Iraqi government and overcome a political crisis that has been going on for months .
He also said that there was no particular timetable regarding the air strikes , adding that they would take place as long as it was necessary to protect Iraqi civilians and US citizens , diplomats and military advisers in Iraq .
Separately , in his weekly address earlier on Saturday , he said he would not allow the US to be dragged into another war in Iraq , making it clear that American combat troops will not return to fight there .
The air strikes are the first in the embattled country since Obama put an end to the US occupation in 2011 and come after the IS group made massive gains on the ground , seizing a major dam and forcing a mass exodus of religious minorities .
“ It is paradoxical , yet true , to say , that the more we know , the more ignorant we become in the absolute sense , for it is only through enlightenment that we become conscious of our limitations . Precisely one of the most gratifying results of intellectual evolution is the continuous opening up of new and greater prospects. ” Nikola Tesla
PostgreSQL is an awesome project and it evolves at an amazing rate . We 'll focus on evolution of fault tolerance capabilities in PostgreSQL throughout its versions with a series of blog posts .
PostgreSQL in a nutshell
PostgreSQL is fault-tolerant by its nature . First , it 's an advanced open source database management system and will celebrate its 20th birthday this year . Hence it is a proven technology and has an active community , thanks to which it has a fast development progress .
PostgreSQL is SQL-compliant ( SQL:2011 ) and fully ACID-compliant ( atomicity , consistency , isolation , durability ) .
Note : A ( tomicity ) C ( onsistency ) I ( solation ) D ( urability ) in PostgreSQL Atomicity ensures that results of a transaction are seen entirely or not at all within other transactions but a transaction need not appear atomic to itself . PostgreSQL is consistent and system-defined consistency constraints are enforced on the results of transactions . Transactions are not affected by the behaviour of concurrently-running transactions which shows isolation ( we 'll have a discussion about transaction isolation levels later in the post ) . Once a transaction commits , its results will not be lost regardless of subsequent failures and this makes PostgreSQL durable .
PostgreSQL allows physical and logical replication and has built-in physical and logical replication solutions . We 'll talk about replication methods ( on the next blog posts ) in PostgreSQL regarding fault tolerance .
PostgreSQL allows synchronous and asynchronous transactions , PITR ( Point-in-time Recovery ) and MVCC ( Multiversion concurrency control ) . All of these concepts are related to fault tolerance at some level and I 'll try to explain their effects while explaining necessary terms and their applications in PostgreSQL .
PostgreSQL is robust !
All actions on the database are performed within transactions , protected by a transaction log that will perform automatic crash recovery in case of software failure .
Databases may be optionally created with data block checksums to help diagnose hardware faults . Multiple backup mechanisms exist , with full and detailed PITR , in case of the need for detailed recovery . A variety of diagnostic tools are available .
Database replication is supported natively . Synchronous Replication can provide greater than “ 5 Nines ” ( 99.999 percent ) availability and data protection , if properly configured and managed .
Considering the facts above we can easily claim that PostgreSQL is robust !
PostgreSQL Fault Tolerance : WAL
Write ahead logging is the main fault tolerance system for PostgreSQL .
The WAL consists of a series of binary files written to the pg_xlog subdirectory of the PostgreSQL data directory . Each change made to the database is recorded first in WAL , hence the name “ write-ahead ” log , as a synonym of “ transaction log ” . When a transaction commits , the default—and safe—behaviour is to force the WAL records to disk .
Should PostgreSQL crash , the WAL will be replayed , which returns the database to the point of the last committed transaction , and thus ensures the durability of any database changes .
Transaction ? Commit ?
Database changes themselves are n't written to disk at transaction commit . Those changes are written to disk sometime later by the background writer or checkpointer on a well-tuned server . ( Check the WAL description above . )
Transactions are a fundamental concept of all database systems . The essential point of a transaction is that it bundles multiple steps into a single , all-or-nothing operation .
Note : Transactions in PostgreSQL PostgreSQL actually treats every SQL statement as being executed within a transaction . If you do not issue a Beginning command , then each individual statement has an implicit Beginning and ( if successful ) COMMIT wrapped around it . A group of statements surrounded by BEGIN and COMMIT is sometimes called a transaction block .
The intermediate states between the steps are not visible to other concurrent transactions , and if some failure occurs that prevents the transaction from completing , then none of the steps affect the database at all . PostgreSQL does not support dirty-reads ( transaction reads data written by a concurrent uncommitted transaction ) .
Note : Transaction Isolation The SQL standard defines 4 levels of transaction isolation : Read uncommitted , read committed , repeatable read , serializable . Table 1 : Standard SQL Transaction Isolation Levels The most strict is Serializable , which is defined by the standard in a paragraph which says that any concurrent execution of a set of Serializable transactions is guaranteed to produce the same effect as running them one at a time in some order . For more info about topic check the Postgres documentation about transaction isolation .
Checkpoint
Crash recovery replays the WAL , but from what point does it start to recover ?
Recovery starts from points in the WAL known as checkpoints . The duration of crash recovery depends on the number of changes in the transaction log since the last checkpoint . A checkpoint is a known safe starting point for recovery , since it guarantees that all the previous changes to the database have already been written to disk .
A checkpoint can be either immediate or scheduled . Immediate checkpoints are triggered by some action of a superuser , such as the CHECKPOINT command or other ; scheduled checkpoints are decided automatically by PostgreSQL .
Conclusion
In this blog post we listed important features of PostgreSQL that are related with fault tolerance in PostgreSQL . We mentioned write-ahead logging , transaction , commit , isolation levels , checkpoints and crash recovery . We 'll continue with PostgreSQL replication at the next blog post .
References :
PostgreSQL documentation
PostgreSQL 9 Administration Cookbook – Second Edition
Despite concerns over the cost of the project , all but one Elmhurst alderman on Tuesday approved the city moving ahead with an intergovernmental agreement with the Elmhurst Park District to buy the west side of Golden Meadows Park for flood remediation .
Officials say the land will hold about 12 acre-feet of temporary stormwater storage , enough to provide protection from a 100-year storm event for 20 homes on Pine Street , Avon Road and East Court .
The agreement , which will come back to the City Council for final approval , calls for the city to buy the site , near the south end of Caroline Avenue , for up to 1.5 times its appraised value . Several aldermen objected to both the buying and the multiplier .
`` I find it distasteful that we have to pay for taxpayer land , '' said Ald . Chris Healy . `` But I will support it . ''
Ald . Bob Dunn , the only alderman to vote against the plan , said the twists and turns of the project and the steadily rising cost caused him to oppose the project .
Under terms of the proposed agreement , three appraisers will value the land . The lowest and highest appraisals will be discarded , so the middle appraisal will set the fair market value of the land .
`` We will pay up to 1.5 times the value of the land to the Park District based on what they eventually find for replacement land , '' Ald . Jim Kennedy said Tuesday . Kennedy chairs the Public Works Committee and was joined by committee members Ald . Michael Bram , Marti Deuter and Patrick Wagner in recommending the agreement .
Ald . Kevin York said he was `` sad '' at the prospect of paying a multiple for land taxpayers already own , but would support the project for the benefit of the homeowners who have suffered repeated flooding .
`` For the people on Pine and Avon , this is huge , '' he said .
Before the city and Park District can complete the deal , it will require approval from the Illinois Department of Natural Resources , which provided grants for the original acquisition of the property . The National Park Service was also involved with the property , so both agencies must sign off on any plan to sell or repurpose the land .
With Ald . Noel Talluto absent , the final vote was 12 in favor and only Dunn opposed .
Graydon Megan is a freelance reporter for Pioneer Press .
IDEAS Paul is the junior U.S . Senator for Kentucky .
This president has now been at war longer than any other in history . That must end .
“ President Obama came into office seven years ago pledging to end the wars of his predecessor , George W. Bush , ” the New York Times reported this month . “ On May 6 , with eight months left before he vacates the White House , Mr. Obama passed a somber , little-noticed milestone : He has now been at war longer than Mr. Bush , or any other American president . ”
In his last months in office , you would think President Obama might be trying to wind down these seemingly never ending and growing series of wars . You would be wrong .
President Obama said he was ending the War in Afghanistan , but he had to expand it before he could end it ; and yet it has not ended . Together Bush and Obama have now spent more than $ 100 billion on nation-building in Afghanistan , and still many doubt the ability of the Afghan government to stand on its own two feet .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
While our bridges crumble here at home , President Obama continues the cycle of bombing and then replacing their infrastructure .
He brags of ending the Iraq war , but the war there has n't ended . The enemy has just changed names . Combat troops have slowly grown .
Air wars and “ advisors ” are now in Syria and Iraq . Last month the President declared he was sending 250 Special Operations Forces to Syria . Who goes to war with 250 soldiers ?
President Obama spent $ 500 million to train 250 Syrian “ moderates. ” He proceeded to send ten of them into battle and they were captured within ten minutes and stripped of millions of dollars in weapons . Who sends ten soldiers to war ?
“ Mr . Obama , who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 and spent his years in the White House trying to fulfill the promises he made as an antiwar candidate , ” the New York Times continued , will “ have a longer tour of duty as a wartime president than Franklin D. Roosevelt , Lyndon B. Johnson , Richard M. Nixon or his hero Abraham Lincoln . ”
Remember “ change ? ” Remember a candidate who said , “ Yes we can ? ”
Well , no , Mr. President , you did n't .
Then candidate Obama 's stated views on both war and the constitutional separation of war powers were among the few things I liked and admired about his policies .
But he has abandoned every shred of them in becoming an unconstitutional war starter .
There 's no question that President Obama has been presented with a difficult task in fighting ISIS . But key tenets of his administration 's foreign policy have only strengthened the Islamic State . James Baker , former Secretary of State under President George H.W . Bush , recently told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that it was U.S. interventions in Iraq , Libya and Syria that helped create the instability that has benefited Islamic extremists . “ Look where we are now in all three of those places : Syria , Iraq , Libya , ” Baker said .
Even Obama now admits the U.S. 's 2011 intervention in Libya was the “ worst mistake ” of his presidency—but he does n't seem to learn from such mistakes as he continues to pursue similar goal-less and mindless interventions in Iraq and Syria .
And with what authority ?
The Constitution explicitly gives the power to declare war to Congress . But this administration still continues to use Authorization for Use of Military Force ( AUMF ) , which was passed way back in 2001 and 2003 , and originally intended to give President George W. Bush the green light for the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq after 9/11 , as justification for continuing military actions abroad today .
I will be introducing an amendment to the upcoming defense bill that will state in no uncertain terms that the President can not use vague , out-of-date authorities to send our troops to war .
My amendment will state that it is the sense of the Senate that the 2001 9/11 AUMF and the 2002 Iraq war AUMF do not apply to today 's war in Iraq and Syria and that if war is to continue there must be a new declaration of war by Congress .
One generation can not bind another generation to perpetual war . Our Constitution mandates that war be authorized by Congress . Period .
My colleagues who have taken an oath to uphold the Constitution should support my amendment or at least have the decency to debate it .
Think about it for a moment . These original authorizations were passed back when some of the men and women fighting in our current conflicts were still small children . No president—including this president—deserves this kind of extra-constitutional power .
The sacrifice we ask of our soldiers also deserves more respect .
Re-examining the proper legal relationship over congressional vs. executive authority is long overdue . Since 9/11 , America has been in a perpetual war mode and largely without precedent in our history . The costs , in lives and dollars , of the last 15 years of our foreign policy have been staggering and the benefits are somewhere between questionable and negligible .
As James Madison wrote , “ No nation can preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare. ” Which is one reason why , again , the Constitution clearly puts war-making powers overwhelming in the hands of the legislature .
But do n't just take my word for it .
President Obama ran calling for a repeal of the very AUMF he now hides behind for unconstitutional warfare . In 2014 , a reporter confronted White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest about the “ irony in using as your legal justification for these airstrikes an authorization for military force that the President himself has called for repeal of . ”
It is an irony . It 's also dangerous .
Whether our next President is the hawkish Hillary Clinton or a more unknown in Donald Trump , the next Presidents should have their constitutional bindings restored . All presidents should . The limits imposed by the Constitution were meant to be bipartisan . The Founders were very careful not to vest something as important as the decision to go to war to the whims of one person .
In 2013 , President Obama said he wanted to get the U.S. “ off a perpetual wartime footing ” and that he looked “ forward to engaging Congress and the American people in efforts to refine , and ultimately repeal , the AUMF 's mandate . ”
I agree . So let 's have a debate about the current AUMF . We should end them . And we certainly should at least stand up and say if you want new wars , you need new congressional authority .
My amendment gives everyone that opportunity .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
DUBLIN/ATHENS ( Reuters ) - Ireland may have to ask for another loan from the European Union and International Monetary Fund because it will struggle to return to debt markets to raise funds next year , a government minister said on Sunday .
A sculpture showing the euro currency sign is seen in front of the European Central Bank ( ECB ) headquarters in Frankfurt , August 18 , 2010 . REUTERS/Alex Domanski
In comments to The Sunday Times newspaper , Transport Minister Leo Varadkar became the first cabinet member to cast doubt in public on Ireland 's ability to raise cash on the bond market because of punishing yields demanded by investors .
“ I think it 's very unlikely we 'll be able to go back next year . I think it might take a bit longer ... 2013 might be possible but who knows ? ” Varadkar was quoted as saying .
“ It would mean a second program ( of loans from the EU/IMF ) , ” he said . “ Either an extension of the existing program or a second program . I think that would generally be most people 's view . ”
Deputy Prime Minister Eamon Gilmore told broadcaster RTE that fears of a domino effect from Greece 's problems were overblown . The possibility of a Greek default has sent bond yields rocketing for indebted Ireland , Portugal and Spain .
“ It 's not a situation that if Greece defaults then there are immediately implications for Ireland , ” Gilmore said .
“ If Greece defaults there are implications for the wider euro zone and obviously we are part of that . ”
“ It is wrong to put Ireland in the same basket as Greece . ”
PRIVATISATION AMBITIONS
Greece 's hopes of averting default dimmed over the weekend amid fears the country , whose debt burden stands at around 330 billion euros , may have missed fiscal targets set by its creditors .
The IMF has dismissed reports that an international inspection team had found that Greece had missed all its fiscal targets . But the current mission to Athens has stayed far longer than on previous occasions and is locked in talks with the government to get economic reforms on track .
Athens ' creditors are increasingly focused on the possibility of raising more funds from privatizations and a poll on Sunday showed that an overwhelming majority of Greeks are in favor of selling and developing state assets to raise 50 billion euros .
The European Central Bank and the IMF , however , do n't believe the privatization program is ambitious enough . ECB board member Juergen Stark said Greece could raise six times more than the 50 billion euros planned from asset sales , echoing earlier views from the IMF .
A Greek paper reported on Sunday that the government was considering setting up a Spanish-style “ bad bank ” to clean up its lenders ' accounts from “ toxic ” Greek bonds and make them more attractive to potential buyers .
Athens is in a race against time to secure political consensus on fiscal reforms before the EU and the IMF will free up more cash to plug funding gaps in the next two years .
Ireland , meanwhile , wants to tap investors for funding in 2012 before its 85 billion euros EU-IMF bailout runs out the following year .
But investors believe Ireland will be unable to return to the market and instead will have to tap the European Union 's permanent rescue fund in 2013 , which might require some restructuring of privately held sovereign debt .
Reflecting this medium-term risk , Ireland 's two-year and five-year paper are yielding close to 12 percent , more than its 10-year bonds on the secondary market .
A member of the communist 's labour union ( PAME ) walks beside graffiti outside of Greece 's industrialists union ( SEV ) offices during a rally against a new austerity package in Athens May 28 , 2011 . The graffiti reads , `` Hands off our contracts '' . REUTERS/John Kolesidis
Some 50 billion euros of the existing EU-IMF bailout has been earmarked for sovereign funding requirements with the remainder set aside to prop up the country 's ailing banks .
Earlier this month , the IMF said whatever was left over after recapitalizing the banks could be channeled to the sovereign if there was a delay in returning to markets .
At the end of March , the Irish government said the banks needed 24 billion euros to bulletproof their balance sheets but Dublin hopes some five billion euros can be raised from imposing losses on junior bondholders and asset sales , meaning that 19 billion euros of the 35 billion would be tapped .
This week , the regular guys go at it over the best team of the modern era , which , for the purposes of this argument , is defined as after the NHL absorbed four WHA teams . May no mullet go unrecognized .
DAVID WALTON : How to choose the best single-season team in the post-WHA era ? Easy , you just look at win-loss records , do some quick math and , voila ! Clearly , the 1992-93 San Jose Sharks are the best . Or was it the 1993-94 Ottawa Senators ? I ca n't remember . But I do know my calculations were solid .
On a serious note , I narrowed it down to three teams :
1983-84 Edmonton Oilers
1992-93 Pittsburgh Penguins
1995-96 Detroit Red Wings
Tough choice . Speaking from personal experience as a St. Louis Blues fan , the 1995-96 Red Wings broke my heart . More specifically , Steve Yzerman , Game 7 , double OT . I guarantee that if you mention that phrase to any Blues fan , you will get a pained groan in response . And , of course , this is the one highlight they always show on NHL commercials : Yzerman 's unreal slap shot from just inside the blue line , the puck somehow eluding Al MacInnis and Murray Baron and , most obnoxious of all , Jon Casey 's shoulder . And then his euphoric ( and gag-inducing ) sissy-leap down the wall . Ugh .
Fun fact : After Jon Casey 's playing days , he took classes at my alma mater , but I could never ask about that night and that goal . Instead , I just elected to stare and wonder about what could have been .
Now then , where was I ? Oh right , best single-season team . Well , since neither the Wings nor the Penguins won the Cup in the seasons mentioned above , they are eliminated from contention . It 's a shame too . Both were great teams . Detroit 's top six forwards and defense unit were unmatched ( well , except by the Avalanche ! ) and the Penguins had four guys score 90-plus points in their season , including Mario Lemieux 's amazing 160 points in just 60 games . That 's hard to beat . But no Stanley Cup , no trophy from me .
So we are left with the 1983-84 Oilers , which took domination to a whole new level . Five players scored 90 or more points , including 40 goals from Paul Coffey . Even Grant Fuhr had 14 assists that season . Overall , the team scored 446 goals .
The one downside to this team was defense , or lack thereof . The goalies had two shutouts between them for the entire season . Overall , the team allowed 314 goals , which was tied for 10th-best in the league . On their playoff march to the Cup , they lost just four games . Three were to the Flames ( two in OT ) , and each game was decided by one goal . They had a minor hiccup against the Islanders in Game 2 of the finals , losing 6-1 .
I believe Paul will tell us more about the Islanders later : He is going to pick one the fish-stick jersey teams .
But before we get to that , we 'll have Tim tell us an enchanting and probably incoherent story about how some random Hartford Whalers team lost in the first round to the Bruins . Or Canadiens .
TIM BOUGHTON : Dave , hearing you weave through the tale of the 1995-96 playoffs while no doubt rocking in your rocking chair , smoking your corn-cob pipe and feeding the small birds nested in your long gray beard really painted a vivid picture that took me to another place and time . That is , until you got to the point where you stared at Jon Casey in class , which made the story suddenly feloniously creepy ( cue sound of needle ripping off vinyl LP ) . I 'm sure you 'll be telling that story to a parole board someday , so good luck .
Down to business . Picking the best team since 1979 is as difficult as agreeing on the best Beatles song or , in Dave 's case , which pair of Zubaz to wear to work today . Sure , some duds that have won the Cup are easy to eliminate -- ahem , cough , 2011-12 Kings -- but there were a fair share of teams that we could sit and argue about .
OK , before everyone unloads on me , I weighted heavily against teams that won during the Interference and Obstruction Are Legal era , which lasted from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s . And I 'm eliminating the Oilers , although they were an offensive juggernaut , because compared to the teams I considered , they gave up too many goals -- it was fast-broken city on both sides of the ice for the Oilers ; Grant Fuhr did n't have any support .
So , I chose the 1988-89 Calgary Flames as the best all-around team of the last 33 years . There are going to be arguments , but let 's roll down the things that can not be debated .
• 117 points : Presidents ' Trophy Winner
• 354 goals for , 226 goals against ( both second in the league ) : OK , they paled in comparison in goals scored to the Oilers but were far better in goals against . So , they were a complete team . This is also better than the 1992-93 Penguins .
• They were seven-deep at forward . Although they did not all have career years , they had talent that was more ridiculous than the Yardbirds ' lineup of Jeff Beck , Eric Clapton and Jimmy Page .
1 . Joe Mullen ( HOF ) : 51 goals
2 . Joe Nieuwendyk ( HOF ) : 51 goals
3 . Hakan Loob : 27 goals
4 . Doug “ Killer ” Gilmour ( HOF ) : 26 goals
5 . Gary Roberts : 22 goals
OK , I said seven-deep at forward . This is kind of a stretch and I figured everyone had fallen asleep by this point in the dissertation , but you have two significant guys who did n't play the whole season , but who were prolific goal scorers .
6 . Lanny McDonald : 11 goals in 51 games
7 . Theo Fleury : 14 goals in 36 games
• They were solid on the defensive end of the ice . Mike Vernon was second in the NHL in GAA and fourth in save percentage . They were anchored on the blue line by Al MacInnis and Gary Suter , although it can be debated that MacInnis was given a lot of credit because of his wicked slapper , nonetheless he was better than Paul Coffey and Larry Murphy combined in his own zone , which should settle a Penguins , Oilers or Red Wings argument . Although after ( or some would say at ) Jamie Macoun , it starts to get thin on the blue line , they still had good numbers as a team .
• They had a solid goon . Tim Hunter led the league in penalty minutes with 375 and was one of the greats of his era .
Paul , please take us back to 1982 ( your prime ) or thereabouts and regale us with tales of the world before the invention of Skittles , when the Mullet Party ruled Canadian parliament and a hockey team known as the New York Islanders dominated the league .
PAUL GRANT : OK clown shoes , how is it that the two Americans pick two Canadian teams and the Canadian picks an American team ? This mutual-admiration stuff makes me want to purge .
This debate is not even close . Pick any of the Islander teams of the early-1980s glory days and they will school your respective choices . Battling Billy Smith between the pipes , Denis Potvin carrying the puck up the ice like an egomaniacal Bobby Orr , Bryan Trottier winning faceoffs and crushing namby-pambies with hits , Mike Bossy scoring from all over the ice and Clark Gillies looking mean at everyone while making room for his linemates and , oh , scoring as many as 38 goals in that stretch . And that was just the first unit .
But since I ca n't pick all four teams of the last truly great dynasty ( the playoffs were seeded 1-16 in those days , so you could n't build your team based on the strengths and weaknesses of your division rivals ) , I will go with the 1981-82 team that went 54-16-10 , scoring 385 goals and allowing 250 . Bossy was 24 and scored 64 goals ; Trottier was 25 and scored 50 . They were unstoppable : Starting Jan. 21 , 1982 , they went on a record 15-0 streak ; they lost just three games and tied four the rest of the season . After a first-round scare against the Penguins , the Isles crushed the playoffs , sweeping the last two series , including the finals against the Canucks . Heck , Bossy scored 17 goals in 19 games , people . Al Arbour was at his peak behind the bench , Bill Torrey was still robbing other GMs to sustain his winner ... man , those were fun times . Such a travesty to see the franchise in the sad state it 's in these days .
And that 's the final word on this topic . I ca n't remember having a more memorable time .
Ninjas in Pyjamas have announced that they will use Marcus `` Delpan '' Larsson as a stand-in in Sunday 's StarSeries matches against HellRaisers and EnVyUs .
The Swedish giants are currently trialing potential replacements for Mikail `` Maikelele '' Bill , who , according to the team , still lacks the experience to thrive on an international level despite being named the MVP of ASUS ROG Winter last month .
With Maikelele attending the Nordic Masters with Orbit as a stand-in , NiP had to find a new fifth player for Sunday 's double StarSeries header against HellRaisers and EnVyUs .
Delpan will act as stand-in for NiP
Marcus `` Delpan '' Larsson has been out of action since the disbandment of his Property team in the aftermath of Joel `` emilio '' Mako 's VAC ban halfway through a fragbite Masters match .
In NiP , the Swedish AWPer will reunite with former SK Gaming team-mates Patrik `` f0rest '' Lindberg and Christopher `` GeT_RiGhT '' Alesund , as well as with ex-fnatic team-mate Richard `` Xizt '' Landström .
NiP will feature the following line-up in Sunday 's matches :
Related videos :
Steve Jurvetson is widely recognized as among the smartest people in Silicon Valley , which is saying something . He graduated from Stanford at the top of his class in two-and-a-half years . He hangs out with people like Google cofounder Larry Page ( and keeps up with them ) . As a venture capitalist , he may also have more billion-dollar bets to his name than anyone else , including Kana Communications , Tesla Motors , and SpaceX .
Put another way , when Jurvetson has something to say , it 's typically worth listening . And Jurvetson had plenty to say at a recent San Francisco event organized by this editor . Some of what we discussed there follows , edited for length .
On whether Jurvetson is still “ rolling up his sleeves ” 20 years into an already highly lucrative career :
“ I love what I do . I love to learn , ” he offered . Jurvetson went on to say that he 's as busy as he 's ever been and sits on 10 boards , though he “ pulled back ” for a month or two this past summer to “ get my head around the sheer number of things I 'm involved with . ”
On whether Jurvetson might strike out on his own after all these years , a la Jim Breyer of Accel and others :
“ To what end ? One reason to do that would be that you 're frustrated with your partners and you ca n't stand going to work . That 'd be a good reason to leave . The other would be if you think you can do better on your own than with a group . That 's where I think the most profound personal growth and learning for me has occurred . Through much of my career , I just thought of [ anyone with a different thinking style ] as deviant . Just not good for the world . It was like , Why are you here ? And it did n't occur to me that that was an unusual point of view . If I fast-forward today . . . I 've actually come to respect the most irritatingly challenging people I 've worked with as really valuable in improving group decision-making and what to do and what to invest in . Bottom line is : I would n't want to leave and do my own thing , because I would n't attract those kinds of people as easily , and what 's the point ? If I 'm going to just recreate the diverse team I have already , why would I do that ? ”
On what Elon Musk – who Jurvetson has known for more than 15 years — is like ( and whether he listens to his investors ) :
“ I also worked for Steve Jobs [ at his computer company , NeXT ] and I see some similarities . Yes , he listens . Unlike Jobs , he 's more engineering-centric than marketing centric , though both are very detailed product architects who have this visceral agitation with imperfection . They just need a product to be perfect .
Elon has a reputation for having strong opinions and sometimes insisting on things . . . and yet , he really respects and needs a team that can execute . So he does n't suffer fools . So there are a number of folks who are no longer with these companies and face this cognitive dissonance [ of ] ‘ If I [ was with ] this A-plus organization and I 'm no longer there , there must be something wrong with me . ' And so there are some detractors . There 's a perception that he 's hard . But in board meetings and such , he listens , he 's fascinating , he has incredible insights . . . and he will change his point of view in the face of evidence . He also loves to and just seems to get almost visceral enjoyment in veering off topic and brainstorming about things like : do we live in a simulation .
On Larry Page and artificial intelligence ( Musk has said he worries Page could unleash intelligence-enhanced robots that could , through no design of Page 's , eventually commit evil deeds ) :
“ I recently spent [ time ] with [ Page ] in a small group and . . . Larry was very upset that people at the height of the AI community were debating questions like the role of AI . He thinks it 's absurd that we would try to exert [ control over them ] and thinks that instead : Might our laws and constitutional democracy evolve in a way to be more embracing of sentient beings like our own [ human ] beings ? [ As we ] think of rights and privileges as we birth or grandparent greater generations that follow us , why would n't we extend the [ robots the ] same rights and privileges as we have for ourselves and thereby [ co-evolve ] with our technologies in a more harmonious way instead of trying to control [ this ] minority group – the AIs . And if we can live with them in harmony , why would n't that just be better on all fronts ? ”
At this point , Jurvetson looked out at the somewhat horrified audience , and , with comic timing , added , “ This is Larry [ talking ] . Personally , I also sort of subscribe to that point of view , but I also think there 's a lot of reckless abandon sprinkled about as well . ”
On reports that Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has said he 'd buy all of Tesla 's autonomous cars in the future , should the company develop them :
“ Travis told me [ that ] privately at a Goldman Sachs event and I feel so bad that I forgot that and let it slip at some Churchill Club Q & A session after the talk was over . Then a few weeks later it came up as a sound bite on Twitter and now comes up over and over . What he said was , If Tesla would give them access to the autonomous driving control system — so it 's not completely autonomous and they can build some products and features on top of it — that they 'd buy all the Tesla cars starting in 2020 .
It 's kind of a braggadocio claim . That 's 500,000 cars based on current estimates , so that 's like , ‘ I want to buy them all . ' Go Travis . . . And I have to commend him for sticking to conviction and honesty . Eventually , all cars are going to be autonomous . C'mon . It 's true . The average driver may not believe that , though , and that 's a tough place to be . It 's a little awkward . It 's a little early to be talking about it . And that 's why I regret that it keeps coming up as a question . I 'm like , Let 's talk about that later . I 'm not sensitive about it but I 'm guessing Uber is sensitive about it . ”
On the valuation of one of Jurvetson 's newer bets , the satellite imagine company Planet Labs , which another of the startup 's backers described back in January as worth “ materially above ” the $ 500 million that Google paid for competitor Skybox :
“ So , yeah , it 's north of Skybox , and it feels unicorny … I 'm not saying it is [ a unicorn ] or it 's not . But they 've certainly had offers . ”
On erasing the digital divide , which Jurvetson believes will accelerate the rich-poor gap :
“ There are two possible futures . The first is the path of abundance that [ serial tech entrepreneur ] Peter Diamandis paints , where you basically do n't have to work . You can imagine that for much of human history , nobody had jobs . No one used the word ‘ job ' when you had slaves and serfs .
I 'm not going to advocate a return to that , because humans wo n't be cost-effective as slaves or serfs because the robots will be much better . So in the future , the robots are the slaves [ in Diamandis 's imagining ] . We 're all the indentured rich and can do philanthropy or the sciences or the arts or just debauchery or whatever .
But how do we get from here to there ? I do n't see a path . . .
I think entrepreneurship will feel like winning the lottery . That 's what the American Dream will feel like when it becomes globalized and everyone has access to it , writ large [ because everyone has come online ] . There will be winners , but it 's a winner-take-all dynamic in information businesses [ owing to their ] network effects . So , yeah , there will be a Google ; there will be a Facebook . But there wo n't be thousands of companies , and they wo n't be in every single small town .
So if you 're not into doing that kind of stuff — if you 're not a Googler or a Facebooker or you do n't want to program for a living — what the hell are you going to do ? [ That 's why ] I think that power law of income inequality will only accelerate . Philanthropy takes some of that pressure valve off , but that 's about the only thing I can think of right now . . .
Entrepreneurs love to solve problems and this is a big problem . This will kill us long before climate change if we do n't do it right . ”
Photo by Brittany Powell .
Baltimore Ravens defensive lineman Brandon Williams is looking to cash in this offseason . Either through the franchise tag or a long-term deal , Williams should get the first large contract of his career , and he knows that takes hard work .
NSFW :
It 's always the joke that the big boys in the trenches like to eat . The hard work they put in during camp is to work off that excess weight from the offseason . Williams makes a great play on that with his “ coach ” during a cone drill while being reprimanded for eating so much .
It 's a cute take on what life as a lineman can be like and in Williams ' patented humor to boot . Hopefully the Ravens can re-sign him this offseason , and we 'll get to see more of these little skits .
Here is a small sampling of beneficiaries of Marvel 's Cinematic Universe ( which , with 15 films since 2008 , has earned over $ 11 billion globally ) : movie theaters interested in selling tickets ; the good people at Disney ; the dozens of actors who have been made intergalactic movie stars ; people who enjoy comic books ; people who enjoy origin stories ; people who enjoy watching things explode .
But the biggest winner of all would have to be James Gunn . As of Sunday morning , the second “ Guardians ” movie — which Gunn wrote and directed — earned $ 145 million domestically , or 54 % more than the original did during its opening weekend in 2014 . Combined with a 13-day international total , the film has already made over $ 427 million globally , and could be on its way to becoming the MCU 's fifth billion-dollar movie .
Those big numbers represent quite a transition for Gunn , who , before signing on to direct the first “ Guardians , ” was mostly known as a B-movie director . The most that one of Gunn 's movies had made at the box office before “ Guardians ” was 2002 's live-action “ Scooby Doo ” ( $ 153 million ) and its sequel ( both of which , it should be noted , this writer unabashedly enjoyed , despite critical lashings ) . But Gunn 's story at Marvel is important for more reasons than dollars and cents .
Related Why Wakanda Forever Is Bigger Than 'Black Panther ' 'Captain Marvel ' Eyes Heroic $ 100 Million-Plus Opening Weekend
When “ Guardians ” launched in 2014 , it was an unknown property . Gunn likes to joke in interviews about the ridiculousness of a talking raccoon . ( “ I was like , ‘ O.K. , a talking raccoon – that 's a stupid idea , ' ” he recalled thinking about the initial pitch in a recent interview with the New York Times . ) But the voice of that talking raccoon , Bradley Cooper , along with Vin Diesel 's tree-like creator who only spoke one phrase , “ I am Groot , ” would be the biggest movie stars attached to the 2014 original .
Gunn infused the first “ Guardians ” with enthusiasm , wit , and a singular — and starkly different — vision , that stood apart from other Marvel films . And critics responded . Variety 's review partially knocked it for being “ overlong , overstuffed and sometimes too eager to please , ” but called it “ prankish and playful ” and a “ gently subversive superhero sendup . ”
Then came the audiences . The August release smashed box office records for the month , and went on to make $ 773 million globally . With that critical and commercial success came something increasingly rare — the birth of a fresh franchise ( even if it existed within the confines of a massively recognizable label in Marvel ) .
And that music ! With both “ Guardians ” movies , Gunn put a twist on the traditional action scene rife with grunts and crackling bones by scoring them with nostalgia-triggering hits from the ‘ 70s and ‘ 80s , weaved into the plot through a mixtape that Chris Pratt 's character plays on a Walkman . ( Who could forget the use of the Runaways ' “ Cherry Bomb ” in “ Guardians 1 ” ? )
Enter Kevin Feige , the president of Marvel studios who is commonly thought of as the cinematic universe 's brilliant puppeteer . There 's this idea that is regularly floated ( which Feige has called “ blown out of proportion ” ) that each Marvel movie is a sausage , the recipe of which is handed to a director , then the parts are churned through a machine of studio notes , fattened up with threads that connect each film in the universe to each other , and sanded down to ensure global appeal .
Joss Whedon , whose joke-dense “ Marvel 's The Avengers ” and its sequel “ Avengers : Age of Ultron ” defined in part what is commonly considered to be the Marvel movie tone , talked about his creative struggle making the latter in a 2015 BuzzFeed interview . “ I made the idiotic mistake of trying to make a great movie , ” he said . “ I was like , ‘ I want this movie to be great . I 'm just going to go ahead and say it , even though I 'm a WASP . ' And then I feel like I 've been punished for that for the last two years . I put a level of pressure on myself that I 've never done before . I 've been a sketch artist , and now I 'm painting . ”
Whedon parted ways with the MCU after “ Ultron ” and recently signed on to direct a “ Batgirl ” movie for D.C . It sounds like there are no hard feelings . “ [ Whedon ] did call a couple months ago to tell me about it , ” Feige said during a press preview in April . “ He did n't have to call but I appreciated that he did . I think a Joss Whedon ‘ Batgirl ' would be awesome . ”
But Whedon is n't the only directorial voice Marvel has lost . Irreverent Brit Edgar Wright was signed on to direct “ Ant-Man ” but cut ties with the project . While an official account has yet to be released , Whedon ( “ Whatever dissonance that came , whatever it was , I do n't understand why it was bigger than a marriage that seemed so right . But I 'm not going to say it was definitely all Marvel , or Edgar 's gone mad ! ” ) and Gunn ( “ not everyone belongs in a relationship together . It does n't mean they 're not wonderful people ” ) have both commented on the split .
Gunn has been adamant that “ Guardians 2 ” was made with little or no interference . When asked by the New York Times if Marvel dictated any of the plot elements , Gunn replied , “ None . Zero . ”
And Marvel and Disney insist that unique directorial visions are vital to keeping the universe fresh . “ The feat of the MCU is that while all of these films have their own voice and perspective , they all feel connected , and that would n't happen without the collaboration between the Marvel Studios team and our filmmakers , ” Disney 's distribution head Dave Hollis commented . “ Whether it 's James Gunn , Joss Whedon , Ryan Coogler or Taika Waititi — everyone comes to the table with a unique point of view and they all share the same pursuit of excellence which shows up on screen . ”
With two blockbusters released into the universe that have charmed both critics and audiences while maintaining a unique directorial vision , Gunn will take on a third “ Guardians ” movie . Then , the lingering question : What 's next ?
For now , Gunn is keeping a busy on Twitter , answering fan questions and being generally affable . On Saturday , he took a step back to reflect on his current situation . One consistency among directors who get involved in the MCU seems to be the feeling of immense pressure to succeed . “ I would be lying if I said I do n't get distracted by the numbers , ” Gunn wrote in a Facebook post . “ The first thing I do in the morning is roll over in bed and check my phone for the morning box office reports. ” But then the director took his platform a step further , opening up about his own suicidal thoughts when he was young , and extending his hand to misfits . “ They are me , ” he wrote . “ They are you . We are Groot . ”
In Nebraska , there 's a father thinking about his children 's health and education . In Oregon there 's a mother thinking about the pressures of her job . In Virginia there 's a couple thinking about the bills they will struggle to pay . And when asked if they think global warming or climate change is happening , none of them think it is .
They are not alone . Whether you use “ global warming ” or “ climate change ” , 40 percent of Americans do n't think it 's happening . That 's the finding in the recent Yale report that campaigners , scientists , and politicians ( advocates ) should be paying attention to .
Instead , commentators and advocates alike , have focused on one aspect of the report : global warming sounds worse than climate change . What followed was meteorologists , reporters , and campaigners suggesting we stop using ‘ climate change ' .
It 's as if those two words alone will shift one of the most divisive issues from our time to “ job done ” . The logic follows that Washington jumps into line and temperatures drop .
If only changing two words would do it . It wo n't . Why ? Because no matter how you ask the question , the father in Nebraska , the mother in Oregon , and the couple in Virginia do not think it 's happening . “ Global warming ” is not going to convince an unbeliever in the absence of relevance .
This is something journalist Brentin Mock intuitively understands when he writes on the issue :
I feel an extra responsibility to relay this in ways [ the community ] understand . This means linking it to things that touch their lives regularly : asthma , transportation , racism , hip hop , religion .
We link these issues through plain language . Words like “ pollution ” , “ health ” , “ creating jobs ” , and “ extreme weather ” work . They 're relevant . A person does not have to believe in or understand global warming to care about these things .
Smoke stacks pumping out pollution Photo : Kim Seng
People understand pollution . They do n't like it , they think there should be less of it , and they understand it 's bad for their health .
Therein lies the key to making global warming relevant to people : using plain , simple language that centers on things that directly affect them .
When we say “ emissions ” and “ greenhouse gases ” , and “ carbon ” we really mean pollution . When we talk about the “ impact on the climate ” we really mean impact on people . And instead of talking about rising temperatures and sea levels , we should be talking about more floods , wildfires , and hurricanes .
People do n't want a “ safe climate ” or a “ healthy climate ” . They want to be safe and healthy .
New Jersey Coast post Hurricane Sandy Photo : U.S. Air Force photo by Master Sgt . Mark C. Olsen
Ask people on the New Jersey coastline if they are concerned about global warming , or another hurricane .
Wildfire in Montana Photo : John McColgan
Ask people in California if they are concerned about the climate , or another massive wildfire .
Ask people living near a coal mine if they are concerned about climate change or pollution . They might say , “ I care about my job at the coal mine ” . There 's a simple response : creating jobs that do n't destroy their lungs . Relevance .
Advocates should avoid reacting to the Yale research by using global warming as a crutch . It 's not persuasive . When people in 49 states saw snow on the ground and the polar vortex gripped the country , it did n't feel much like global warming . It wo n't feel like global warming if we get a cold snap this summer .
Advocates need to build a narrative based on relevant , simple , and uncontroversial language . Something not just to fight against , but to fight for : clean air and water , better food , new jobs , and less life-threatening weather events .
“ Pollution ” , “ health ” , “ creating jobs ” , and “ extreme weather ” are words that have been tested by Drew Westen and in various research projects I 've been involved in with Alex Frankel & Associates . They beat global warming and climate change every time .
People 's scepticism of global warming or climate change is not what 's stopping us fixing this problem . It 's the absence of relevance .
Download : How to talk about the climate — a one-page guide to the language of global warming and climate change . This article originally appeared on jrmyprtr.com .
If you liked this post , it would be great if you 'd hit the Recommend button below , which will mean more people see it .
Disgruntled schoolboy clubs have unleashed their first salvo at the FAI over the decision to allow St Kevin 's Boys compete in the inaugural U-15 National League .
Disgruntled schoolboy clubs have unleashed their first salvo at the FAI over the decision to allow St Kevin 's Boys compete in the inaugural U-15 National League .
Solicitor Maurice Lyons , acting on behalf of six leading Dublin underage clubs , yesterday sent a letter to FAI chief executive John Delaney requesting clarity on a number of issues surrounding the selection process for the new league , which is due to kick off next month , with St Kevin 's the only schoolboy club among the 28 teams invited to compete .
The inclusion of St Kevin 's caused bemusement and annoyance in equal measure to League of Ireland clubs and the rest of schoolboy football , with unease growing throughout the country .
Their grievance is that they were told by leading FAI officials that no schoolboy outfits would be allowed to play in the league ; instead they were urged to form alliances with League of Ireland clubs .
Several did just that - including Home Farm , who teamed up with Drogheda United . Malahide United partnered with Dundalk , while Belvedere , Crumlin United and Cherry Orchard have entered into an understanding with St Patrick 's Athletic .
The letter sent to the FAI was on their behalf , as well as Stella Maris .
However , the outcry is not confined to these six clubs and several other nurseries inside and outside of Dublin are of the view that double standards were applied when it came to deciding who should play in the U-15 National League .
While St Kevin 's had talks with several League of Ireland clubs , they failed to reach agreement with any of them .
The FAI have stated that St Kevin 's were included on the basis of ongoing discussions with Bohemians but high performance director Ruud Dokter refused to rule out them remaining in situ for the inaugural season .
League of Ireland clubs have also been in contact with the FAI , with some of them saying that they are prepared to boycott fixtures against St Kevin 's .
Indo Sport
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Gay marriage is suddenly popular . A majority of senators now support gay marriage . The president supports gay marriage . A majority of Americans support gay marriage . Voters approved gay marriage in Washington and Maine last November , the first time it 's been approved -- not taken away -- at the ballot box . In oral arguments last month , the Supreme Court looked ready to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act .
But what our map GIF shows is that this wave of support for gay rights follows two large anti-gay rights wave , first under President Bill Clinton and then under President George W. Bush .
Dark gray above shows when states banned gay marriage statutorily . Black shows when states extra-banned it by constitutional amendment . Light red shows when a state adopted domestic partnerships or civil unions . Red shows states with gay marriage .
The most recent entry on the map is Delaware , where legislation allowing gay marriage was introduced in the General Assembly on Thursday With Gov . Jack Markell , a Democrat , supporting the bill and Democrats in control of the state legislature , the only thing keeping the First State from being the 10th state to have marriage equality will be if Illinois , Rhode Island , or Minnesota get there first .
House Republicans like to talk about the need to find common ground with President Obama to make progress on important national issues , especially after the election . Yet within days , they were setting an agenda to eliminate an important element of his signature domestic achievement , the Affordable Care Act .
Representative Eric Cantor of Virginia , the majority leader , recently proposed that House Republicans set their sights on repealing the part of the law that creates an independent board that is supposed to help limit growth in Medicare spending . Increases in Medicare spending have already slowed substantially , but the board will be needed to make sure that they stay low after 2014 , when most of the law takes effect .
The board , known as the Independent Payment Advisory Board , has been the subject of false attacks over the past few years by Republicans who claim that it will ration care , disrupt doctor-patient relationships , and tell patients what treatments they can receive . That is an outlandish way to describe a board that is prohibited by law from making any recommendations to ration care , raise premiums , increase cost-sharing , restrict benefits or limit eligibility .
The board will consist of 12 experts , including doctors , patient advocates , employers and financial analysts , who will be appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate , and three nonvoting government officials . Its sole duty is to monitor and , if necessary , reduce Medicare spending , which needs to be reined in to control deficits .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
If the projected growth rate in per capita Medicare spending exceeds specified targets pegged initially to an average of general and medical inflation and later to gross domestic product , the board must recommend changes ( most likely cuts in payments to health care providers ) to bring the growth rate back in line . Congress can override the board 's recommendations , but it must still find equivalent savings .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that repealing the board might drive up federal spending on Medicare by $ 3.1 billion over a decade . Without pressure from such a board , Congress is apt to be weak in resisting demands by powerful health care groups and industries for higher Medicare reimbursements .
Mr. Cantor apparently believes that throwing around the false charge that the board will harm patient care will persuade enough members of the Democrat-led Senate to follow the House , which has voted twice to repeal the board . In a recent letter to House Republicans , Mr. Cantor said that “ one of our most successful critiques ” of the president 's health care reforms was that “ Obamacare put the government between doctors and patients . ”
Antarctica 's Larsen B ice-shelf is on course to disintegrate completely within the next five years , according to a new study by Nasa , the US space agency .
The 10,000-year-old ice shelf , which partially collapsed in 2002 , is “ quickly weakening ” and likely to “ disintegrate completely ” before the end of the decade , researchers predicted , after observing warning signs including large developing cracks and faster-flowing tributary glaciers .
“ These are warning signs that the remnant is disintegrating , ” said Ala Khazendar of Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in Pasadena , California .
“ Although it 's fascinating scientifically to have a front-row seat to watch the ice shelf becoming unstable and breaking up , it 's bad news for our planet . This ice shelf has existed for at least 10,000 years , and soon it will be gone . ”
The data for the study was collected by aircraft measuring ice surface elevations and bedrock depths and space-based “ synthetic aperture radars ” that have been operating since 1997 . The Larsen B ice shelf is currently 625 square miles in area and 1,640ft at its thickest point .
The studies have shown that two of the three glaciers feeding Larsen B have sped up markedly since the shelf split in 2002 , with scientists now predicting that a major crack is likely to move all the way across the shelf , splintering the remnants into icebergs that will float away .
• Antarctica reveals secrets as sea ice vanishes
The scientists fear that the cracking of the shelf could see the three glaciers – named Leppard , Flask and Starbuck – accelerate rapidly towards the ocean .
“ After the 2002 Larsen B collapse , the glaciers behind the collapsed part of the shelf accelerated as much as eightfold – comparable to a car accelerating from 55 to 440mph , ” said a Nasa release on the study published online in the journal Earth and Planetary Science Letters .
Pigeons became a source of concern after one in Shanghai was found infected with the new H7N9 strain , according to reports .
At least 31 people have been infected with the killer strain while 9 of them have died in the outbreak .
Among the new cases , several from Shanghai , Jiangsu and Zhejiang provinces , with at least one of whom is dangerously ill , Chinese news agencies have said .
The Hangzhou Carrier Pigeon Association said this week that it will use a different flu vaccine in the vaccination drive since none exists for H7N9 .
State media has quoted authorities as saying a vaccine could take months to produce .
Many Chinese are skeptical of the government 's pronouncements about the H7N9 virus given a history of public health scandals and cover-ups , according to reports .
The government initially tried to conceal an outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) , which emerged in China in 2002 and killed about one in 10 of the 8,000 people it infected worldwide .
Often , they are used as anecdotes for the darker and more serious parts of the LGBTQIA+ community 's history . Films such as this play on the ‘ gay ' and ‘ camp ' stereotypical personalities , which were developed as a way for the community to battle the oppression and non-acceptance they faced . 2016 's addition to this hilarious genre came from director Matt Kugelman and his film Hurricane Bianca . The film starred RuPaul 's Drag Race Winner ( Season 6 ) Bianca Del Rio ( Roy Haylock ) . It 's a story of not belonging that 's perfectly hilarious and lots of fun , and will teach you that there 's no reason to fear what you do not first understand . Nerd Richard ( Roy Haylock ) is a struggling science teacher , in New York City , with nothing to show for his hard work over the past eleven years of his career . After being offered a job in a small town in Texas , Richard decides to take up the offer and give it everything , despite it being a less than welcoming area.Within days of starting his new job , Richard is exposed as being gay by the school 's staff and promptly fired . In a state of desperation , he befriends a woman named Karma who welcomes him into a community that accepts him fully and teaches him that there will always be an accepting community if you look hard enough . As one of the most popular winners of RuPaul 's Drag Race , it 's no surprise that her big personality translates into film so spectacularly . Filled to the brim with Del Rio 's trademark sarcastic humour , the film is at its best when she is able to throw shade at the other characters in the story . Fans of the comedy queen have come to expect this of her and will not find themselves disappointed as the rolodex of hate starts spinning . Certain parts of the film are n't quite as successful though . The introduction of Richard and his New York life felt rushed and incomplete , lacking the development needed to truly sympathise with Richard and put yourself in his shoes . However , these flaws are less than important as the film is intended to focus on Bianca and reflect her personality ; it 's simply just a hilarious couple of hours ; it does n't take itself seriously and the audience should n't either . The film , although silly and sarcastic , does teach us some very motivating and important lessons too . It aims to teach us that just because we may not understand something , it does not mean that we should fear or isolate it . We tend to become afraid of things that are outside our comfort zone . Hurricane Bianca shows you that when you find yourself and are true to who you really are , you can become an inspiration to those around you and change the lives of people surrounding you . It 's a truly important lesson we should all try to remember . With appearances from some of your favourite drag personalities and a hilarious ending Hurricane Bianca definitely takes its place as one of Netflix 's brightest new releases .
Vancouver shop owner Boris Chenkis , exasperated by cross-border shopping , has begun fighting fire with fire . He 's cross-border retailing .
Six months ago , the owner of After Five Fashion stores opened his first retail outlet in Blaine 's Birch Bay Square . The mall is owned by Canadian investors and is just 10 minutes from the Pacific Border Crossing .
Now , 70 per cent of business at that outlet is from Canadian customers .
The phenomenon may come to be known as “ Blaine drain . ”
“ Now we do n't look like the bad guy-retailer in Canada , charging more than a store in the U.S. , ” says Chenkis , who is planning a shopping website . “ We explain [ to customers ] , for example , why a prom dress costs more in Canada ... and if they want to save money they can go to our Blaine store .
“ Though most customers still do buy with us in Canada , some will make the trip to save a few dollars , while getting gas , milk and eggs . ”
The Vancouver store , at Oakridge Centre mall , offers alteration services to the Blaine outlet 's customers .
The retailer says his prices in Canada are higher because he must pay an 18-per-cent duty on the clothing he brings in to stock his Canadian stores .
He tried reducing his Vancouver prices to compete with the cross-border trend — as well as with a newer trend of show rooming , where customers try on a dress in the store but subsequently order it online .
“ But we were told by some Canadian distributors that we could not drop our prices ... or the designer line would be taken away from us , ” a frustrated Chenkis says . “ I am not happy we had to open a store in the U.S. Our federal government , in their lack of understanding of the real world of retail and the effect of the Internet on business , has forced us to open in the U.S . ”
Cross-border retailing , if it should catch on , would not be a positive development , as it would lead to fewer retail and manufacturer 's representative jobs in Canada and less retail tax revenue .
Chenkis , who presides over the 54-year old fancy dress business established by his parents , is critical of the Harper government for opting to ease cross-border shopping exemption limits .
As June 1 , returning travellers outside Canada for 24 hours to 48 hours can bring back $ 200 worth of tax-exempt goods , up from $ 50 previously . For those gone more than 48 hours , the exemption was raised to $ 800 , from $ 400 .
Chenkis also is concerned about competition Vancouver stores will soon face as American retail giants Nordstrom and Saks Fifth Avenue prepare to open outlets in the city . Stores like Target , Eileen Fisher , Banana Republic , Gap and Anthropologie already have invaded .
“ They say the best defence is an offence , ” says Chenkis . “ With all the retailers coming into Canada , we made a decision to open in the U.S . This is not something I ever dreamed I would have to do , to stay in business , as a Canadian retailer . ”
Chenkis has found the rent for his shop in Blaine is “ very reasonable. ” His operating costs are a tenth of what he pays in Vancouver .
Canadian customers recognize his brand “ and , with a Nexus pass , are happy to shop there , usually paying less than they would in our Oakridge [ mall ] store . … We leave it to [ the shoppers ] to take care of any duty owed to Canada customs . ”
The discovery of an exquisite geometric structure is forcing a radical rethink of reality , and could clear the way to a quantum theory of gravity
Skizzomat
FOR years after the physicist Richard Feynman died , his 1970s yellow-and-tan Dodge minivan lay rusting in a garage near Pasadena , California . When it was restored in 2012 , special effort was made to repaint the giant doodles that adorned its bodywork . They do n't look like much – simple combinations of straight lines , loops and squiggles . But it is no exaggeration to say these Feynman diagrams revolutionised particle physics . Without them , we might never have built the standard model of particles and forces , or discovered the Higgs boson .
Now we could be on the cusp of a second , even more far-reaching transformation . Because even as Feynman 's revolution seems to be fizzling out , physicists are discovering hints of deeper geometric truths . If glimpses of exquisite mathematical structures that exist in dimensions beyond the familiar few can be substantiated , they would seem to point the way to a better understanding not just of how particles interact , but of the nature of reality itself .
Advertisement
It was a hard road that led to the standard model , this monumental theoretical construct that describes all the particles of the quantum world and the forces that act on them , except for gravity . The starting point came in the 1930s and early 1940s , when physicists investigating quantum electrodynamics , the theory of how charged particles and electromagnetic fields interact , embarked on calculations of “ scattering amplitudes ” – the probabilities of different outcomes in a given particle interaction . But the calculations proved maddeningly difficult . For a while they seemed impossible .
Then along came Feynman . In 1949 , he showed an intuitive …
“ No Blood , No Fowl ! ”
The End of Chicken Farming in Maine By Aimée N. Lanteigne
Photos courtesy of The Belfast Historical Society & Museum
MccLeod Poultry was the first to open on Front Street in 1945 .
Maplewood Poultry opened in 1946 . There was a time not so long ago when the crystalline waves of Penobscot Bay were stained with chicken blood . Chicken bones , feathers , offal , and fat bobbed in the otherwise pristine waters off the coast of Belfast , earning the town the embarrassing moniker of “ Schmaltzville ” , German for chicken fat . Belfast may have reeked of rotting chicken guts . Tourists may have steered clear of her grease-lined shores . Cars may have struck a stray bird more than once , but those were small prices to pay for a thriving economy . Anyone who wanted a job could get one at one of the two poultry processing plants in town , Maplewood Poultry Company and Penobscot Poultry . Today , Belfast is no longer known as “ The Broiler Capital of the World , ” and the last of the commercial chicken farmers is hanging up his muck boots for good . According to the book , History of Belfast in the Twentieth Century , Belfast first jumped on the poultry bandwagon when a Massachusetts family started transporting Waldo County chickens to markets in Boston and New York during the Great Depression . Red meat was rationed during World War II and poultry meat became more popular . In fact , soldiers returning home from the European and Pacific theaters were eligible for GI loans for poultry farming . With a cheap and willing labor force , convenient rail access to receive grain shipped from the Midwest , and a vast ocean at its doorstep wide open for dumping industrial waste , Belfast was poised for success . The day-to-day drudgery of working on a chicken farm in Maine in the 1950 's is lovingly detailed by Mitch Littlefield 's sister , Debbie , in his blog , Memories of Shucking Peas . Debbie recalls working on her grandfather 's chicken farm as a child on Littlefield Road in Belfast . The work was dusty , dirty , and stinky . Over 7,000 chickens inhabited each of three floors of the chicken house . Every day , cracked corn was spread by hand to fatten up the broilers , and crushed stone was scattered on the chicken house floor to help the chickens digest their grain . This process was repeated several times a day , up the stairs and back down again , over and over and over . The glass water tanks had to be refilled daily , and the stoves loaded with coal twice a day to keep the chicken house toasty . This monotony continued for nine to fourteen weeks , depending on the size of the pullets or roasters . Then a crew of men from the chicken factory would come to de-beak the chicks to prevent them from pecking each other to death . About two months later , Debbie recollects , the crew would return to load up the pullets and truck them off . A few weeks later they returned to haul away the roasters . Then the long clean-up process began in which all hands on deck were a necessity . Starting on the top floor , the dirty sawdust riddled with chicken feces was scraped and shoveled down holes to the next lower level . The sawdust and fecal matter would be loaded into dump trucks to spread on a farmer 's field nearby . While the men folk continued to clean and scrub the barn , the women and girls would gather in the grain room with large metal tubs filled with soapy hot water to clean the water tanks and feeders .
Page 2
Workers at Penobscot Poultry . Richard Norton photo .
MacLeod Poultry Co. , 1945. two shoe factories , a pants factory , a potato processing plant , two window treatment factories , a shrimp processing plant , several marinas , four hardware stores , four banks , two five & dimes , several pubs , diners , and restaurants , men 's clothing stores , ladies apparel shops , beauty salons , and five bakeries , according to Littlefield 's blog . No need to commute to Bangor for work , groceries , business or pleasure . Everything you needed was right downtown . Capitalizing on the booming chicken industry , the city of Belfast held an annual “ Broiler Festival '' , a weeklong affair in mid-July complete with carnival rides , a parade , a huge chicken barbeque , music , 4H events , and of course , the beauty pageant . To be crowned “ The Pick of the Chicks ” was an honor and the dream of every farmer 's daughter in Waldo County .
1968 Maine Broiler Festival . Once cleaned , the sawdust trucks would return . A long chute attached to the back of the truck blew clean , fresh sawdust six inches deep over each of the floors in the chicken house . Corrugated cardboard was set into rings around the coal stoves and laid with newspapers to prevent the new baby chicks from eating the sawdust . The waterers and feeders were refilled in anticipation of the next generation of fowl to inhabit the barn . The peepers would arrive on a covered trailer , their fluffy , soft , little yellow heads poking out of the holes in their crates . And the day-to-day drudgery of raising chickens would begin again . In the heyday of chicken farming , nearly every farmer within fifty miles of Belfast supplemented their agricultural income by raising chickens . In the early twentieth century Belfast processed on average 250,000 chickens a day . Unemployment was unheard of.There were two poultry processing plants on the waterfront ,
Page 3 Merle Grass began his decades-long career in chicken farming when he returned home from the Korean War . He started out as a feed delivery truck driver in 1955 and worked his way up to raising broilers for Penobscot Poultry . In the last half century , 77-year old Grass has raised close to 25 million chickens . But Maine 's chicken industry has gasped its last breath . In 1980 , Maplewood Poultry closed followed by Penobscot Poultry . Grass began working for Maine Contract Farming in Turner , part of the DeCoster egg empire . Grass raises day-old chicks until they are old enough to lay their own eggs , at about five months , after which they 're shipped to Quality Egg of New England , according to state veterinarian Dr. Don Hoenig . Recently , however , Quality Egg of New England has moved its main bird hatchery to Ohio . Grass was forced out of business and , like dominos , the other Maine chicken farmers closed their doors , the last being McNear Farms in North Leeds . With the closing of the two major poultry processing plants in Belfast in the 80 's , unemployment in Waldo County skyrocketed to twenty percent , making it , statistically , the poorest county in New
Broiler Queen , 1964 . England according to Will Bleakley 's article “ Moonbat Kingdom ” in the December 2012 issue of Down East magazine . “ It was devastating to Belfast , ” City Manager Joseph Slocum said . “ There was no money…and people who had lived here all their lives had to migrate to find work. ” Only a decade earlier , Waldo County saw a 17.9 percent population growth as the “ back-to-the-landers ” moved in attracted by the relatively affordable cost of living . With jobs literally floating away on the tides of chicken guts , Belfast residents harnessed their creative outlets and opened up art galleries , an expanded co-op , an alternative newspaper , and eclectic clothing stores . In the 1990 's , the credit card conglomerate MBNA moved into Belfast practically transforming the city overnight . MBNA razed the abandoned Penobscot Poultry processing plant on the waterfront and paid to have the site revitalized into a beautiful community park . The Chicken Capital of America was now one of USA Today 's “ 100 most culturally cool communities ” in the country . Belfast has reinvented itself . You no longer have to roll up your car window to avoid the stench of chicken guts when you drive through town . No blood , no fowl means the end of an economically prosperous era in Belfast 's history , but the future is equally bright , and this time there are no chicken feathers lofting in the breeze .
HAMILTON , ON -- ( Marketwired - September 11 , 2017 ) -
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION INTO THE UNITED STATES OR TO UNITED STATES WIRE SERVICES
The Green Organic Dutchman Holdings Ltd. ( the `` Company '' or `` TGODH '' ) is pleased to announce that it has entered into an agreement with a syndicate ( the `` Syndicate '' ) led by PI Financial Corp. ( `` PI '' ) to complete a private placement offering of units ( the `` Units '' ) . The Syndicate will offer on a commercially reasonable effort basis 4,242,500 Units of the Company ( the `` Unit Offering '' ) at a price of C $ 1.65 per Unit ( the `` Issue Price '' ) for aggregate gross proceeds of C $ 7,000,125 or such other amount as mutually agreed upon by the Company and PI .
Concurrent with the Unit Offering , the Company will engage in a non-brokered offering of 7,879,000 Units ( the `` Non-Brokered Offering '' ) with each Unit being offered at C $ 1.65 for aggregate gross proceeds of $ 13,000,350 . The Units offered pursuant to the Non-Brokered Offering will have the same terms as the Units offered pursuant to the Unit Offering .
Each Unit will consist of one common share of the Company ( a `` Common Share '' ) and one-half common share purchase warrant of the Company ( a `` Warrant '' ) . Each whole Warrant is exercisable into one Common Share ( the `` Warrant Share '' ) at the exercise price of $ 3.00 per share and has an expiry date that is the earliest of ( a ) 36 months from the date the Common Shares commence trading on a recognized stock exchange ( the `` Listing Date '' ) , and ( b ) February 28 , 2021 . The Company will make all reasonable efforts to ensure the Warrants are listed on the same exchange on which the Common Shares are listed .
The Common Shares comprising part of the Units will be subject to a six ( 6 ) month contractual escrow period from the Listing Date . The Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants will be subject to a twelve ( 12 ) month contractual escrow period from the Listing Date .
The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Unit Offering and the Non-Brokered Offering to advance the Company 's cannabis facilities in Ontario and Quebec , and for general working capital purposes .
Investors looking to learn more about TGOD may visit the Company 's Investor Centre at https : //tgod.ca/investor-centre/ or contact the Company at invest @ tgod.ca ; and patients may now register for the Company 's beta patient program at https : //tgod.ca/patients/
ABOUT THE GREEN ORGANIC DUTCHMAN LTD .
The Green Organic Dutchman Ltd. grows high quality , organically grown , pesticide-free medical cannabis in small batches using craft growing , all-natural principles . TGOD 's . products are laboratory tested to ensure patients have access to a standardized , safe and consistent product .
The Green Organic Dutchman Ltd. has a funded capacity of 14,000KG 's . Situated on 100 acres of land , this gives TGOD one of the largest licensed land parcels in Canada . To date , the Company has raised $ 41.5 million dollars and has over 2,400 shareholders .
The Green Organic Dutchman Ltd. is licensed under the Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations ( `` ACMPR '' ) to cultivate medical cannabis . The Green Organic Dutchman Ltd. carries out its principal activities producing cannabis from its facilities in Hamilton , Ontario , pursuant to the provisions of the ACMPR and the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act ( Canada ) and its regulations .
CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS
This news release contains forward-looking information , which involves known and unknown risks , uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual events to differ materially from current expectation . Important factors -- including the availability of funds , the results of financing efforts and the parties ' due diligence reviews , and general market conditions -- that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company 's expectations . Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements , which speak only as of the date of this press release . The company disclaims any intention or obligation , except to the extent required by law , to update or revise any forward-looking statements , whether as a result of new information , future events or otherwise .
This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities in the United States . The securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 , as amended ( the `` U.S. Securities Act '' ) or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S . Persons unless registered under the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or an exemption from such registration is available .
May 10 , 2014 ; Chicago , IL , USA ; A general shot of pink balloons being released to commemorate breast cancer awareness prior to a game between the Chicago White Sox and the Arizona Diamondbacks at U.S Cellular Field . Mandatory Credit : Dennis Wierzbicki-USA TODAY Sports
The Rivals series continues with the Chicago White Sox Fansided sister site Southside Showdown , as editor Stephen Forshea joins the conversation to expound on Jose Abreu and his new batting order-mates . Will he and Adam LaRoche combine to hit 60 homers ? What about that outfield , can it be the best in the league ? And of course , the addition of a shark to any rotation must be discussed .
Thanks for listening to our Cleveland Indians podcast , we 'd love to hear from you ! Send questions , comments , considerations and curses to [ email protected ] , @ wahoosonfirst , @ merrittrohlfing , or any other of our editors ! Stephen can be reached at @ southsideshowdown .
Wahoo 's on the MicEpisode 79 – The Rivals – Chicago White Sox
An X-Men # 1 CGC 9.6 has recently changed hands in a private sale for $ 200,000 , a new record for this issue . The 1963 comic by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby introduced concepts which in the coming decades would become one of the most successful comic book franchises in the world . The original issue featured Professor Xavier and a team of Angel , Iceman , Beast , Cyclops , and Marvel Girl taking on Magneto .
This copy was sold by Metropolis Comics of NY , whose Comicconnect.com auction arm has set the pace for high-end sales in recent times , such as with the $ 1.1 million sale of an Amazing Fantasy # 15 earlier this year . Indeed , it 's been an incredible year for high grade copies of vintage key Marvel comics with books such as Tales of Suspense # 39 , Avengers # 4 , and Incredible Hulk # 181 all setting new records .
This particular X-Men # 1 is widely known as the Mound City copy , having surfaced as part of an extensive original owner collection in the St. Louis area in 2009 and brought to market by Mound City Auctions .
Interestingly , this copy is not the highest graded example known — there are two copies graded higher at CGC 9.8 . It 's difficult to estimate what one of the 9.8 's would bring if it were sold at this point , but with the way the market is going now , high six figures might not be out of the question .
About Mark Seifert Co-founder and Creative director of Bleeding Cool parent company Avatar Press . Bleeding Cool Managing Editor , tech and data wrangler . Machine Learning hobbyist . Vintage paper addict .
( Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Bayern achieved a brilliant comeback in one of the best Champions League knockout games for many years .
Pep Guardiola was without Arjen Robben , so Douglas Costa switched to the right flank with Franck Ribery playing on the left . Xabi Alonso started in the holding role rather than Thiago , while Mehdi Benatia was at centre-back , with David Alaba on the left and Juan Bernat on the bench .
Max Allegri had major injury problems , without Claudio Marchisio and Paulo Dybala from the XI which started the first leg , and Giorgio Chiellini still out too . Alvaro Morata played upfront instead of Dybala , and Hernanes started in place of Marchisio – but the real point of interest was Juve 's overall system .
Juve 4-4-1-1…
Juventus shifted between two completely different formations throughout the first half , and the two systems had entirely different purposes .
In the opening stages , Juve pressed Bavaria high up the pitch . When the Italian champions were doing this , their system was 4-4-1-1 , with Paul Pogba in the number ten role pushing forward to press the centre-backs alongside Morata , the wide players pressing the Bayern full-backs , and Hernanes and Sami Khedira pressuring Alonso and Arturo Vidal . It almost felt like 4-4-2 against 4-4-2 at times , every player having a particular opponent to close down .
Through this pressure , Juventus caused serious problems . Manuel Neuer had an unusually poor game and made two mistakes in the opening half hour , committing an error when sweeping which allowed Paul Pogba an open goal for 0-1 , then ( and more significantly in terms of the tactical battle ) , playing a dreadful pass when under pressure which resulted in Morata lofting the ball into the net , a ‘ goal ' which was disallowed for an extremely tight offside decision . The Bavaria centre-backs looked nervous throughout and Alonso , never the most comfortable when pressed heavily , was unable to put Bavaria in control .
Immediately after going 0-1 ahead , Juve stood off Bavaria for the first time . And now it was clear they were using a different system entirely – a 5-4-1 . Patrice Evra tucked inside , Alex Sandro dropped back to become a wing-back , and Paul Pogba defended the left flank . The positions of his tackles and chances created shows Pogba was playing mainly on the left .
…or 5-4-1
This was n't a permanent shift , it was simply how Juventus were playing without the ball . If , when they pressed high up , Bayern played around the press and entered the opposition half , Juve 's system would evolve from the 4-4-1-1 to the 5-4-1 . The ‘ movement ' usually happened to the left , although they were capable of doing something similar on the right , because Cuadrado has experience of playing as a wing-back . He and Stephan Lichtsteiner acted as a great duo , with the former making forward runs ( often in very narrow positions for a full-back ) including the run that caused Bavaria problems for the opener . In general , Juve built play down the left , then spread the ball right to runners in space .
The 5-4-1 meant Juve had a spare man at the back against ( essentially ) two forwards , Robert Lewandowski and Thomas Muller . The only thing that caused them real problems in the first half was when Vidal made storming runs in advance of Bavaria 's two forwards – he got in behind once from a good Costa pass , and then nearly did something similar later on . It was basically a simple numbers game : 3 v 2 and Juve looked fine , but 3 v 3 and they had problems . Because Vidal was almost playing like a half-forward , though , it meant Bayern lacked control of the midfield zone , and were also prone to counter-attacking runs through the centre of the pitch .
It 's tough to explain quite how impressive Juve 's system was throughout the first half . They were simultaneously perfecting a high-pressing approach ( winning the ball high and shooting immediately ) and a deep block ( winning the ball deep and breaking swiftly on the counter-attack ) .
This counter-attacking threat became more obvious as the first half continued , and the second goal owed much to brilliant work from Morata , who collected the ball deep , beat three players and then played a pass right to Cuadrado , completely unmarked , who converted coolly . Interestingly , this was the first time Alaba had drifted inside into a central position from his left-back slot ( movement he makes more regularly in other Bayern games ) , and Bayern were immediately punished , with Cuadrado left free .
Second half
Guardiola 's half-time team talk was the most important of his career . He has n't won the European Cup with Bayern – despite taking charge of the reigning champions in 2013 – and falling at the second round stage in his final season would have been regarded as a serious failure .
First , Guardiola returned to the back four he used in the first half – the hapless Benatia sacrificed , Alaba moving inside into central defence , and Bernat on down the left flank . The Spaniard made a series of very good runs at the start of the second period , and Alaba theoretically had the speed to cope with Morata .
“ Theoretically ” is key here , because Morata continued to cause problems with some fantastic solo runs . He beat Alaba easily in the inside-left channel before running out of steam as he attempted a shot , and then a clever Pogba through-ball released him again in that channel . Juve were now concentrating on defence , but Morata 's ability to contain Alonso , before storming forward to attack the two centre-backs , was absolutely crucial to their gameplan .
Subs change the game
Bayern had n't really improved since half-time , and needed two goals , so Guardiola made an extremely attacking shift after an hour . Alonso was sacrificed and Kingley Coman – who recorded three assists in the weekend win over Werder Bremen – was introduced . Vidal now dropped into the holding role , Coman was deployed on the right , and Costa moved inside into a roaming central role , from where he was Bayern 's best player .
The decisive change , however , was from Allegri . He clearly judged Morata to be exhausted after 72 minutes , and replaced him with former Bavaria forward Mario Mandzukic . The Croatian striker is an entirely different beast , someone who plays well with his back to goal , but entirely unable to make bursts into the channels like Morata . Now , Juve had absolutely no counter-attacking threat from upfront , while Pogba , Khedira and Cuadrado all tired . It was notable that Allegri replaced Khedira and Cuadrado with Stefano Sturaro and Roberto Pereyra , two simple , up-and-down runners who could burst forward into attack when needed , presumably hoping they would combine with Mandzukic 's hold-up play . It did n't work , however , and Juve were simply defending for the final 20 minutes .
Meanwhile , a minute after Mandzukic 's introduction , Bayern got back in the game . Costa , drifting right from a central area , created a 2 v 1 with Coman down the right , and fired in a brilliant cross which Lewandowski headed home at the far post . Bavaria were suddenly dominant down that right flank , with Juve now permanently 5-4-1 , because they were always defending . Evra tucked inside , Pogba was n't able to assist Sandro closely , and now the Brazilian wing-back was overrun . Having been unable to get the ball into the final 20 yards of the pitch in the first half , Bayern made inroads down the right flank .
Bavaria take command
Bavaria continued to threaten down this flank . Costa played another brilliant cross which Lewandowski nodded onto the far post – although he was offside . Then , as the clock ticked into stoppage time , it was Coman 's turn to fire in a deep cross from the right , converted by Muller . It 's difficult to know which was more surprising : Guardiola depending on a crossing-based approach , or this fine Juventus defence undone by such an approach . Either way , it was 2-2 , and extra-time .
In a tie of incredible swings , Muller 's goal felt like more than just an equaliser . Juve were minutes away from progressing , but from the outset in extra-time there was only one side who seemed likely to win : Bayern had the momentum , they looked fresher , and now Juve were extremely nervous defending deep and unable to get out . Guardiola 's final substitution proved crucial . Thiago was introduced in place of Ribery , with Costa going left , and this added invention from between the lines proved crucial .
It was slightly surprising Thiago was n't summoned earlier , as Bavaria lacked any kind of creativity in central midfield for long periods . Nevertheless , his renewed energy was vital : he scored the crucial goal , to make it 3-2 , because he reacted first to a loose ball on the edge of the box , played a one-two with Muller , and converted excellently . It was the type of rapid passing football in tight positions Bayern had previously been lacking .
Coman was the man to finish it all , storming down the right before curling the ball past Gigi Buffon . That was fitting , considering Bavaria had made inroads down the right after his introduction – and also somehow inevitable , considering he 's currently on loan at Bavaria from Juventus .
Conclusion
This was a simply outstanding tie which featured ludicrous aggregate swings ( Bayern 2-0 Juve , Bayern 2-4 Juve , Bayern 6-4 Juve ) , but was also a fascinating game tactically , between two managers who create extremely well-organised teams , but are also unafraid to try new things . There was so much interesting in a tactical sense here : ‘ tactics ' gets a bad reputation because tight , cagey matches are charitably described as ‘ tactical ' by commentators – but this was the most interesting tactical game you 'll see all season , and possibly the best game of the season too .
Both managers deserve great credit . Juve 's system for the opening hour was absolutely brilliant : two systems , two different approaches for stopping Bavaria , both completely effective . They clearly ran out of steam , though – if Allegri had a proper Morata replacement , they probably would have won this tie .
Guardiola did n't do anything particularly wrong in the first half – it was more Allegri and Juve 's brilliance . But he nevertheless got Bayern back into the tie steadily , and the two attacking substitutes , Coman and Thiago , both proved crucial as Bayern ran away with the game .
“ During half-time I told the players that they could not afford to concede another goal , but that if we could score one ourselves , anything could happen , especially with the German mentality , ” said Guardiola . “ I asked them to play more down the wings , with Ribery and Costa . Then at the start of the second half Juve had some chances , but after that we took control of the game . This is football : one minute you play badly , the next you are really good . ”
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
Transport Infrastructure Ireland ( TII ) is recruiting an architect for a new £2 billion tram line in north Dublin
The winner of the estimated £420,000 contract will draw up conceptual designs for the 17km route , dubbed New Metro North ( NMN ) , connecting Dublin 's city centre to the airport and the estuary in Swords .
The £2 billion project will deliver 14 stations , including six underground stops . The chosen team will create an architectural identity and ‘ distinct character ' for the route along with concept designs for its stations and a strategy for bridges , tunnels , landscaping and public realm .
In its brief , TII says it is looking for ‘ a scheme concept architect who will develop an architectural vision and strategy for NMN . The vision will shape an architectural strategy that will provide a distinct character and form for NMN .
‘ The scheme concept architect will be expected to work within strict budgetary constraints to deliver a project which combines the very best in architectural vision , without losing sight of the overarching need to ensure value for money for public funds . '
The tram line was first proposed in 2001 and originally scheduled to open in 2014 , but was put on hold following the financial crash which froze many projects in the country .
Revived in a revised form last year , the line will link Dublin 's northern suburbs to the city centre via the international airport , with several raised and subterranean sections . It is scheduled to start on site in 2021 and open to passengers in 2026 , with an expected 30 million passengers a year ,
The journey time from O'Connell Street in central Dublin to the airport will be just 19 minutes . The route will feature 60m-long trams – 50 per cent longer than those used on the city 's existing LUAS line ( pictured ) .
The winning team will develop an architectural strategy demonstrating how NMN 's infrastructure will integrate into Dublin 's surroundings . Architectural concepts for the city-centre and suburban stations will also be required along with conceptual studies for key at-grade and elevated sections of the proposed route .
The deadline for applications is noon , 15 May .
How to apply
View the contract notice for more information
Contact details
Paula Lillis
Transport Infrastructure Ireland
Parkgate Business Centre
Parkgate Street
Dublin
D08 DK10
Ireland
Tel : +353 16463400
Email : paula.lillis @ tii.ie
Clever Girl T-Shirt , Unisex Dinosaur T-ShirtFor any high achieving Jurassic Park ( or Jurassic World ) fan.Every tee is a one-of-a-kind product made with love just for you . This cute t-shirt would make a great birthday gift , gift for her , gift for him , or just a treat for yourself.Hand illustrated design printed and pressed onto 100 % pre-shrunk jersey cotton.T-Shirt Size Guide : Shirt Size | Width ( cm ) | Length ( cm ) | Sleeve ( cm ) | Chest Size ( in ) | Ladies Size EquivalentSmall | 45 | 68 | 40 | 34/36 | 8/10Medium | 51 | 71 | 43 | 38/40 | 12/14Large | 56 | 74 | 46 | 42/44 | 16/18XL | 61 | 76 | 49 | 46/48 | 20/222XL | 66 | 79 | 53 | 50/52 | 24/26Designed and handprinted from our little home in Dunstable , UK.- Raptor T-Shirt , Cute Illustrated T-Shirt , Gift For Him , Jurassic Park , Dinosaur Birthday , Jurassic Park T-Shirt , Nerd T-Shirt , Geek T-Shirt - ......................................................................................................................... One t-shirt not enough ? Buy three and get a fourth FREE using this listing : ......................................................................................................................... All orders are processed within 1-3 working days , but are generally processed same or next day.Please contact us if you require rush processing and if possible we 'll be happy to oblige.If you have any questions or custom requests do get in touch . We try to respond to all messages within 24 hours .......................................................................................................................... If you like this you 'll probably like our other designs too ! Take a look at them here : ......................................................................................................................... Facebook : www.facebook.com/kerrisganesonPinterest : www.pinterest.com/kerrisganeson/Instagram : @ kerrisganesonDo n't be a stranger !
If the Cubs finally end their World Series title drought , the amount of excitement that will wash over the city will be staggering .
And that will be slightly more overwhelming than how fans are projected to celebrate .
Home Run Inn Pizza and marketing company Digital Third Coast ran the numbers on just how big the party would be .
As soon as the Cubs clinch that last win , 5 million people will immediately descend upon Wrigleyville , they project . Based on data from the Red Sox 's 86-year-drought-breaking World Series win in 2004 , that figure comes from the Red Sox victory parade crowd of 3.2 million , multiplied by how much longer the Cubs ' drought has been than Boston 's was at the time of their win ( 126 percent longer , or a 26 percent increase , to be exact ) . Adjust for population , as Chicago 's is about four times larger than Boston 's , and you end up at a whopping 5 million people and change .
On a normal day at Wrigley , beer flows freely , but on a day that would see the end of a 108-year World Series drought ? Let 's just say it 's going to get rowdy . Famous Cubs broadcaster Harry Caray used to put away 12.6 drinks per day , according to a `` drinking diary '' he kept . If 80 percent of the 5-million-person crowd is throwin ' them down at that rate—sorry , kids and DDs—we 're looking at 100.8 million beers over a two-day period . As if we 'll stop drinking at any point between the win and the inevitable city-sanctioned parade .
If there 's any room left in our stomachs with all that beer floating around in there , the city will pound a whopping 280,800 hot dogs . Where will it all go ? Probably all over the pavement down Clark Street . Sorry , city sanitation .
Once you 're full of beer and hot dogs , you might want to start thinking about ways to commemorate the win . According to the Home Run Inn data , the winning game ball could be yours for around $ 3.3 million , based on data from the purchase of Mark McGwire 's 70th home run ball in 1998 . Chump change to put away a piece of history , right ? If you 're not able to throw away a few million , some used infield dirt from the game will run you only about $ 124,500 .
Trying to get home safely after all that commotion will also cost you a pretty penny , with Uber surge prices skyrocketing as high as 25 times the normal fare , based on the 50-times surge rate once seen in Stockholm , Sweden , and New Year 's Eve 8- or 9-times surges . Better to Uber than to try to drive after those upward of 100 million beers , right ?
@ shelbielbostedt | sbostedt @ redeyechicago.com
It 's not just the green shoots of spring that are appearing , for the green shirts of Ireland have arrived too for their biennial attempt to gatecrash England 's Twickenham housewarming party .
Over the years England have had a good record at home against Ireland but the visitors arrive in London having won three of their past five matches at HQ and as the unbeaten Championship leaders .
They gave champions Wales a good kicking last time out and , in Brian O'Driscoll , they have one of the all-time greats .
He will equal the record for Test caps on Saturday but he knows his rugby story is well into its final chapter and England 's youthful chargers will be keen to make him wonder if he should not have called it a day already .
Stuart Lancaster 's team have impressed in their first two games in the Six Nations and will be looking to take another step forward in their development by ending Ireland 's unbeaten start .
Two caps v 138 caps
Stat attack No player has scored more tries for Ireland against England than Brian O'Driscoll , although all three of his efforts have come on home soil
We know all there is to know about O'Driscoll , who will win his 139th cap and draw level with former Australia scrum-half and captain George Gregan .
The flaring acceleration may have gone and he is no longer the carefree youngster who played purely on instinct , but he 's a shrewder player now . The 35-year-old still has all the old skills and his defence - especially his work at the breakdown , where he 's like an extra back rower - is top notch .
He is a talismanic figure who , like captain and long-time compadre Paul O'Connell , can lift the team with his presence alone .
Against him is a man winning only his third cap .
Apprentice v master Burrell Facts O'Driscoll 26 Age 35 2 Caps 130 ( plus 8 for Lions ) 2 Tries 46 ( plus 1 for Lions ) 6ft 3in ( 1.91m ) Height 5ft 10in ( 1.78m ) 17st 2lb ( 109 kg ) Weight 14st 9lb ( 93kg )
Luther Burrell , the 26-year-old Northampton centre , has said all the right things going into the game . He will have the utmost respect for O'Driscoll but if he can run through him , over him , go inside him or outside him , he will .
Burrell stands 6ft 3in and weighs over 17st , he 's got good pace and nice footwork , and he 'll stick to what he 's done so far - take good hard lines , cut back well and support enthusiastically .
His relationships with fly-half Owen Farrell and inside centre Billy Twelvetrees are getting stronger but this is the ultimate test - he 's up against the most experienced midfield in the Test game .
The ring masters
Rugby is the ultimate team game but if your fly-half is n't playing well then you 're in trouble .
Ireland 's Jonathan Sexton has been around for a while now and the 28-year-old is the number one fly-half in the northern hemisphere .
He missed a crucial penalty in the gut-wrenching defeat by the All Blacks in November but has bounced back from that really well ; in the win against Wales a fortnight ago he delivered the complete performance .
The men who run the show Farrell Facts Sexton 22 Age 28 22 Caps 40 ( 3 for Lions ) 210 Points 333 6ft 2in ( 1.88m ) Height 6ft 2in ( 1.88m ) 15st 2lb ( 96 kg ) Weight 14st 5lb ( 92 kg )
Sexton has a better running game than opposite number Farrell but against the Welsh it was his kicking that stood out - he seemed to have total control of the ball , possibly helped by the fact that his club side Racing Metro 's gameplan requires a lot of kicking .
Although it might not appear to be the case , both he and Farrell have kicked similar amounts in this year 's Championship , but there 's no doubt Sexton has been low risk .
He 's been very efficient , with high levels of accuracy , and has been playing very good no-frills rugby .
Farrell is still a young man at 22 and although he 's only kicking at 60 % in these Six Nations - Sexton is at 83 % - the Englishman is rightly renowned for his mental toughness when it comes to going for the sticks .
He came out and attacked against France in the first game , making two or three line breaks , and I thought `` wow , he 's clearly developing his game '' .
England can not win this match unless Farrell plays incredibly well - it 's more important for him to play well than it is recalled tight-head prop David Wilson ( more on him later ) .
England 's worry over the scrum
There has been concern expressed about how England will cope with the loss of tight-head prop Dan Cole , who is out for at least three months with a neck injury .
Bath prop Wilson , who will start in his place , has only just come back from injury and is still searching for match fitness , while replacement Henry Thomas is only 22 and some observers have raised questions about whether his scrummaging is up to Test standard .
Wilson is a big guy with lots of experience but he wo n't be 80-minutes fit and did n't look terribly confident against Exeter last weekend .
He 's got to last as long as he can though because he 's against a good loose-head in Cian Healy .
If anyone wants to know how significant the loss of a decent tight-head can be , they only need to look back to this fixture two years ago , when Ireland 's Mike Ross was forced off early on and England 's scrum dominance set up a thumping 30-9 victory .
What I would say is that there ca n't be that much concern about Wilson 's fitness because it would be a big negative to take that risk if they do n't believe he 's ready to return at this level .
Similarly , if Sale prop Thomas is not up to playing Test rugby , he should n't be there . I 'd be lost for words if there is n't confidence that any player in the 23 would be able to deliver if they came on in the first minute .
Blossoming youth versus the gnarled icon
Courtney Lawes and Joe Launchbury have really matured in the past few games - a bit like the whole team actually - as players suddenly realise they are made to play in these matches .
I believe - win or lose - this England team are a strong enough unit to continue to improve and that it 's nowhere near its potential .
Youth v experience Lawes Facts O'Connell 24 Age 34 26 Caps 89 ( plus 7 for Lions ) 0 Tries 6 tries 6ft 7in ( 2.01m ) Height 6ft 6in ( 1.98m ) 18st 8lb ( 118 kg ) Weight 17st 4lb ( 110 kg )
The way they 're playing shows how much they 've moved on and the second rows have been as big a part of that as anybody .
Paul O'Connell is viewed in the same way as O'Driscoll in Ireland . They are talismen and can carry a team .
Can Peter O'Mahony put in another performance like the one he managed against Wales ? He was superb at the breakdown but he does n't always hit those heights and it will be interesting to see if he is as influential again .
The blind-side flanker is a grafter , a real unsung hero , but one of the first names on the team sheet .
He has that unrelenting Munster ferocity , but he can only get in position to jackal [ ( steal the ball at a ruck ] if you let him . That means England must go as a group rather than individuals ; that way O'Mahony wo n't get a look-in .
Stat attack Ireland blind-side Peter O'Mahony won a tournament-high five turnovers in the opening two weekends of the Six Nations
Ireland are leading the stats in the number of turnovers these Six Nations so England ca n't say they have n't been given fair warning .
England 's line-out - which is being called by Lawes - has been watertight when hooker Dylan Hartley has been on the pitch so they 'll be pretty confident and it 's hard to see Ireland getting much change out of them .
About Schmidt
In my day , Ireland were all kick and rush , elbows and knees . There was n't the level of detail they have now .
Rugby comes incredibly naturally to George Ford - he just gets the game in its entirety
New boss Joe Schmidt turned Leinster into one of the sharpest attacking outfits in the game but his Ireland side have played it safe so far , and that 's smart thinking by the Kiwi coach .
You 've got to start somewhere and build on it . Schmidt 's having a look at his capabilities and analysing the rest of his team - why take a risk to begin with ?
He 's said , `` we 've got three home games these Six Nations , let 's make sure we get the job done in Dublin before we try to open things up '' .
At the moment Ireland are playing more of what would traditionally be viewed as the Munster style - be ferocious at the breakdown , kick for position and defend like dervishes - than the more fluent `` Leinstertainment '' of his former charges .
You could imagine retired Ireland 10 Ronan O'Gara slotting in perfectly a fortnight ago with his kicking game , and it will be fascinating to see what approach Schmidt 's charges take on Saturday .
The new kid on the block
Many Englishmen will be keeping one eye on the activity on the bench , where uncapped 20-year-old George Ford will be perched for the first time .
Ford will always play rugby in an intuitive and instinctive fashion , it all comes incredibly naturally to him . He just gets the game in its entirety , that 's how good an all-round footballer he is .
The one issue that will always dog him is his size - he 's only 5ft 9in and 13st 3lb - and that 's tiny by modern standards . If anyone runs over him , it 's going to be pinned on his stature .
Should he miss any crucial penalties he will be scrutinised as well but if he can get past that he will go on to be an unbelievable player .
Stat attack George Ford has provided a competition-joint-high six try assists in the Premiership this season , as well as making the most metres by a 10 ( 511 ) .
England outside centre Burrell says Ford sees things other players do n't . He 's like my former Bath and England colleague Stuart Barnes in that he makes the right decision at the right time .
So who 's going to win then ?
Provided David Wilson does n't run out of steam , England will win by three to six points .
Jerry was talking to BBC Sport 's James Standley .
1974 studio album by Leonard Cohen
New Skin for the Old Ceremony is the fourth studio album by Leonard Cohen . On this album he began to move away from the minimal instrumentation of his earlier work , with the use of violas , mandolins , banjos , guitars , percussion and other instruments producing a more orchestrated ( but nevertheless spare ) sound . The album has been certified silver in the UK , but never entered the Billboard Top 200 .
Background [ edit ]
For his fourth album , Cohen chose to work with John Lissauer , a recent college graduate and rising producer whose jazz background contrasted sharply with Bob Johnston , the Nashville-based producer who had been at the helm of Cohen 's two previous releases , 1969 's Songs From a Room and 1971 's Songs of Love and Hate . According to the Anthony Reynolds 2010 book Leonard Cohen : A Remarkable Life , Cohen sat on Lissauer 's couch and played him his new songs on his guitar at the producer 's loft on 18th Street in New York City , and eventually cut a handful of demos at a CBS studio before moving to Sound Ideas studio in February . Reynolds reports that Lissauer had the impression that the whole Nashville experience , including the 1972 European tour with `` The Army '' ( the touring band that Johnson assembled ) had been a bit overwhelming for Cohen : `` It was like a big wave picking him up , and while he had fun it did n't quite have the artistic sensibility that Leonard needed . The focus then had been on this Nashville energy thing . ''
Recording and composition [ edit ]
Lissauer assembled a new group of musicians to join Cohen in the studio , including double bass player John Miller , as well as engineers Rip Lowell and Leanne Ungar . Lissauer brought a European tinge to many of the songs , adding a depth and richness by employing woodwinds , viola , and strings . The album is notable for its very dry mix , with reverb and echo used very sparingly . The album features several popular Cohen compositions , most notably `` Chelsea Hotel # 2 '' ( `` Chelsea Hotel '' , the precursor to `` Chelsea Hotel # 2 '' , was only performed live and co-written by Cohen and his guitarist Ron Cornelius ) . `` Chelsea Hotel # 2 '' refers to a sexual encounter in the Chelsea Hotel , probably New York City 's most famous Bohemian hostelry . For some years , when performing this song live , Cohen would tell a story that made it clear that the person about whom he was singing was Janis Joplin . Cohen would eventually come to regret his choice to make people aware that the song was about Joplin , and the graphic detail in which the song describes their brief relationship . In a 1994 broadcast on the BBC , Cohen said it was `` an indiscretion for which I 'm very sorry , and if there is some way of apologising to the ghost , I want to apologise now , for having committed that indiscretion . `` [ 1 ]
According to Ira Nadel 's 1996 Cohen memoir Various Positions , the singer finished writing Chelsea Hotel # 2 '' at the Imperial Hotel in Asmara , Ethiopia and reworked an early song called `` The Bells '' into `` Take This Longing '' . Nadel also notes that several songs , such as `` Field Commander Cohen '' —about a surrealistic spy known for parachuting `` acid into diplomatic cocktail parties '' —were influenced by his recent stay in a turbulent Israel , and that the melody for `` Who By Fire '' ( sung as a duet with Janis Ian on the album ) is based on the Hebrew melody for the prayer `` Unetanneh Tokef '' sung at the Mussaf ( or noontime service ) of the High Holy Days . In an interview with John McKenna of RTÉ in 1988 , Cohen discussed the idea behind `` A Singer Must Die '' : `` There 's something I listen for in a singer 's voice and that 's some kind of truth . It may even be truth of deception , it may even be the truth of the scam , the truth of the hustle in the singer 's own presentation , but something is coming across that is true , and if that is n't there the song dies . And the singer deserves to die too , and will , in time , die . '' Cohen 's vocals on `` Is This What You Wanted '' and `` Leaving Green Sleeves '' are some of his most aggressive and confrontational , although for the most part his singing on the LP is quiet to the point of being almost conversational . The latter is a reworking of the 15th-century folk song `` Greensleeves '' ; Cohen retains the chord progression , but changes the melody and takes the latter verses in a different direction than the original . The song , and in turn the album , ends with Cohen violently screaming the chorus as the track fades out . Cohen would express satisfaction with the album in an interview with Melody Maker 's Harvey Kubernik in March 1975 :
For a while , I did n't think there was going to be another album . I pretty well felt that I was washed up as a songwriter because it was n't coming anymore . Actually , I should have known better , it takes me a long time to compose a song ... However , last summer I went to Ethiopia looking for a suntan . It rained , including in the Sinai desert , but through this whole period I had my little guitar with me , and it was then I felt the songs emerging – at least , the conclusions that I had been carrying in manuscript form for the last four or five years , from hotel room to hotel room ... I must say I 'm pleased with the album . It 's good . I 'm not ashamed of it and am ready to stand by it . Rather than think of it as a masterpiece , I prefer to look at it as a little gem .
Cohen would tour in support of the LP , beginning a thirty-three date European trek ( his third ) in the fall of 1974 followed by his first North American tour in November .
Artwork [ edit ]
The original cover art for New Skin for the Old Ceremony was an image from the alchemical text Rosarium philosophorum . The image originally came to public attention in C.G . Jung 's essay The Psychology of The Transference ( 2nd ed.1966 ) , where it is held by Jung to depict the union of psychic opposites in the consciousness of the enlightened saint .
Songs for Rebecca [ edit ]
Shortly after this album , co-producers Lissauer and Cohen proceeded to work on its follow-up , Songs For Rebecca , which was abandoned . Five songs are known from their live performances during the North American tour of November 1975 ; these were reworked and recorded a few years later , two of them with Phil Spector for Death of a Ladies ' Man in 1977 , and the other three on Recent Songs in 1979 . In the 2010 book Leonard Cohen : A Remarkable Life , Lissauer speculates that his differences with Cohen 's manager Marty Marchat may have been the cause for the aborted session :
We started getting more groove oriented ... things were going swimmingly actually , so well in fact that we were saying , 'Wow , this could really be successful , this could break through . ' This could be an American record as opposed to European or Canadian ... and then ... then the plug got pulled ... Marty Machat and I did not have a great relationship . I had no respect for him because he was quite the well dressed thug . And Leonard was his boy and he was protecting him but also wanted to possess the diamond ... We were taking a break and were on a high about the possibilities of this ... when suddenly Marty announced that he wanted Leonard to work with Phil Spector ! 'What this kid needs is a star producer ! ' ''
Critical reception [ edit ]
In his original review of the album , Paul Nelson of Rolling Stone deemed New Skin For the Old Ceremony `` not one of [ Cohen 's ] best '' , disparaging Lissauer 's `` generally insensitive , melodramatic , obtrusive arrangements '' , and observes : `` Cohen is concerned with the inevitability of tragedy . He is awesomely open to mythic heroism , to the mystique of love , but in the end he believes , as did Ernest Hemingway , that there are no happy endings between men and women , that the only glory is in the attempt . '' Vik Iyengar of AllMusic calls Cohen 's fourth LP `` one of his best albums '' , adding , `` The lyrics are filled with abstract yet vivid images , and the album primarily uses the metaphor of love and relationships as battlegrounds . ''
Cover versions [ edit ]
`` Chelsea Hotel # 2 '' has been performed many times by other musicians . Lloyd Cole covered it on the Cohen tribute album I 'm Your Fan , and Rufus Wainwright performed the song at the 2006 live tribute , Leonard Cohen : I 'm Your Man . Regina Spektor has also covered the song in live performances , as has Lambchop and the song features on their tour-only album Rainer on my Parade . Marissa Nadler covered `` Chelsea Hotel # 2 '' on her Australian Tour CD and has been known to cover it in her live performances . It was covered by Brand New , sung by band leader Jesse Lacey . Kevin Devine has also covered it on his She Stayed as Steam EP . Meshell Ndegeocello covered it during a concert in Paris , France , 30 January 2011 and included it on her album Weather ( album ) . A cover version by American singer Lana Del Rey was posted to her own YouTube page in 2013 . In 2017 , Woodpigeon added a cover version of the song to the Devastating EP as a bonus track . It is also referenced in both the title and lyrics of Jeffrey Lewis 's song `` The Chelsea Hotel Oral Sex Song '' . `` A Singer Must Die '' was covered by the Irish art rock group The Fatima Mansions on I 'm Your Fan , by Jennifer Warnes on her 1986 album Famous Blue Raincoat , and by the Art Of Time Ensemble featuring ( former Barenaked Ladies singer ) Steven Page ( a Gavin Bryars arrangement ) on their 2010 album A Singer Must Die . `` Who by Fire '' was covered by Spanish singer Enrique Bunbury on his `` El Viento a Favor '' CD Maxi , The House of Love on I 'm Your Fan , by industrial band Coil on their 1986 album Horse Rotorvator , and by Buck 65 and Jenn Grant on Buck 65 's 2011 album 20 Odd Years . It also appears on the fifth solo album released by the Canadian singer Patricia O'Callaghan in 2011 , Matador : The Songs of Leonard Cohen . `` Lover Lover Lover '' was covered by Ian McCulloch of Echo and the Bunnymen , scoring him a minor hit in the British charts in 1992 . `` I Tried To Leave You '' was covered by Lera Lynn on Have You Met Lera Lynn ? in 2014 . The Menzingers released `` Sun Hotel # 2 '' which is based heavily on the original track on On The Possible Past , a collection of demos recorded for their 2012 album On the Impossible Past which in turn featured a reworking called `` Sun Hotel '' . The band Phish performed a cover of `` Who by Fire '' at their concert on April 23 , 1994 . Phish also covered `` Is This What You Wanted '' at their concert on October 31 , 2014 as an encore . The Last Shadow Puppets also covered the song in The Dream Synopsis EP . Spanish folk singer Joaquín Sabina covered `` There is a War '' ( Spanish title : `` Pie de Guerra '' ) in his 2005 album Alivio de Luto , [ 5 ] with translated lyrics . [ 6 ]
On December 16 , 2010 , the Hammer Museum in Los Angeles showcased a series of eleven commissioned art videos inspired by songs from New Skin for the Old Ceremony . The project was curated by Lorca Cohen and Darin Klein . [ 7 ] The artists participating in the project were Brent Green , Alex da Corte , Wenston Currie , Theo Angell , Christian Holstad , Sylvan and Lily Lanken , Lucky Dragons , Kelly Sears , Brett Milspaw , Peter Coffin and Tina Tyrell . [ 8 ] On April 14 , 2011 , the program was screened at the Museum of Modern Art in New York .
Track listing [ edit ]
All songs written by Leonard Cohen .
Side one
`` Is This What You Wanted '' – 4:13 `` Chelsea Hotel # 2 '' – 3:06 `` Lover Lover Lover '' – 3:19 `` Field Commander Cohen '' – 3:59 `` Why Do n't You Try '' – 3:50
Side two
`` There Is a War '' – 2:59 `` A Singer Must Die '' – 3:17 `` I Tried to Leave You '' – 2:40 `` Who by Fire '' – 2:33 `` Take This Longing '' – 4:06 `` Leaving Green Sleeves '' – 2:38
Personnel [ edit ]
Leonard Cohen – guitar , vocals , Jew 's harp on `` Is This What You Wanted , '' producer
John Lissauer – woodwinds , keyboards , backup vocals , producer , arranger
Emily Bindiger – backing vocals
Gerald Chamberlain – trombones
Erin Dickins – backup vocals
Lewis Furey – viola
Ralph Gibson – guitar
Armen Halburian – percussion
Janis Ian – backing vocals
Gail Kantor – backing vocals
Jeff Layton – banjo , mandolin , guitar , trumpet
Barry Lazarowitz – drums , percussion
Roy Markowitz – drums
John Miller – bass
Don Payne – bass
Technical
Rick Rowe – engineer , mixing
Frank Laico – engineer
Leanne Ungar – assistant engineer
Teresa Alfieri – cover design
Charts [ edit ]
As of 1974 European sales have reached 250,000 units . [ 14 ]
References [ edit ]
New Zealand 's iconic kiwi birds need a boost . The five species of these flightless birds ( all from the genus Apteryx ) have been on the decline for the past century and—despite intense conservation efforts—continue to lose about 2 percent of their total populations per year . Today only about 70,000 kiwis remain on Earth .
Can that decline be turned around ? A nonprofit called The Kiwi Trust ( which goes by the name Kiwis for kiwi ) thinks so . A new report commissioned by the organization finds that an investment of less than $ 850,000 per year on top of what the New Zealand government already contributes to kiwi conservation could yield an annual 2 percent population growth rate through 2030 .
New Zealand recently increased its kiwi conservation budget , pledging about $ 7.3 million over the next four years , a figure that includes $ 4.4 million in the fourth year . After that the government will continue to contribute an additional $ 4.4 million per year . That 's not quite enough , according to the new report , which says a little bit of extra money will push efforts over the top . Kiwis for kiwi says it will be able to raise the rest through public donations , philanthropy and corporate sponsorships .
Collecting that money may be the easiest part of the process . Kiwi conservation , you see , is hard work . The kiwis facing the worst declines inhabit remote , rugged parts of New Zealand where few people live , so the implementation of protective measures at such sites will be expensive . Controlling invasive species such as European stoats ( Mustela erminea ) and feral cats and dogs—the main causes of the kiwis ' decline—is a labor-intensive process that involves either trapping or poisoning the predators every few years to keep their populations low . According to Kiwis for kiwi , chicks born in areas without such control have less than a 5 percent survival rate .
On the flip side , ongoing work shows that kiwi population growth is possible . The rarest—and most protected—kiwi species and populations are already increasing 2 percent or more per year on average . Some of those , such as the little spotted kiwi ( A. owenii ) live in sanctuaries on predator-free islands that are part of the New Zealand archipelago , after being wiped out on the mainland . Others depend on a program called Operation Nest Egg , in which biologists remove eggs from nests and raise chicks in captivity until they are large enough to defend themselves from most predators .
There 's still a long way to go to bring that 2 percent growth rate to all of the birds . Only 24 percent of all kiwis benefit from either antipredator or egg-protective management programs . The least protected is a subspecies called the Stewart Island southern brown kiwi ( A. australis lawryi ) —only about 2 percent of its population is managed . That leaves a lot of room for growth .
The conservation plan has some flexibility . The report presents multiple scenarios involving changing predator-control methodologies depending on when and how much funding is available and how much effort is put in by volunteers . Obviously some of that money and manpower may never materialize , as is always the case with conservation . Even under the worst-case options , though , Kiwis for kiwi says it 's possible to at least stabilize all kiwi populations . After a century of decline that 's good news indeed and cause for hope .
Photo by David Craig . Used under Creative Commons license
Previously in Extinction Countdown :
Also by me :
NEW YORK – Quietly , as the looming possibility of a U.S. military attack on Syria dominated news internationally , the government of Poland announced a decision to confiscate half of the nation 's pension funds in an attempt to delay an impending government debt crisis .
While details remain hazy , Reuters reported Sept. 4 that Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk announced a government decision to transfer to ZUS , the government pension system , all bond investments in privately owned pension funds within the state-guaranteed system .
For now , private pensions in Poland will be allowed to keep equity investments that in the Polish state-guaranteed pension system tend to be approximately half of all private pension investments .
Polish Finance Minister Jacek Rostowski said the change will reduce Polish national debt about 8 percent of Polish Gross Domestic Product , or GDP , a move that allows the Polish government to resume another round of aggressive debt creation by borrowing in international markets , as reported by ZeroHedge.com .
By confiscating , or otherwise “ nationalizing ” the bonds held private retirement accounts of Polish citizens , the government – with public debt currently standing at approximately 52.7 percent of GDP – circumvents two threshold restrictions that deter the government from allowing debt to rise to over 50 percent of GDP , followed by a second deterrence that kicks in when national debt hits 55 percent of GDP .
Reuters reported that by shifting bonds held in private retirement accounts into ZUS , the government can book those assets on the state balance sheet to offset public debt , giving the government more scope to borrow and spend .
As is the case with other nations in the European Union , Poland , faced with slowing economic growth , a grim job situation and declining tax revenues , has been forced to borrow to maintain the nation 's large social welfare system without imposing austerity measures .
International private investment advisers reacted with shock and dismay .
The reform is “ a decimation of the [ private pension fund ] system to open up fiscal space for an easier life now for the government , ” Peter Attard Montalto of Nomura Securities told Reuters . “ The government has an odd definition of private property given its claims this is not nationalization . ”
Private retirement accounts in Poland hold assets worth about 20 percent of Polish economic output and are among the biggest investors on the Warsaw bourse .
How the move will affect many international investment firms remains uncertain , but the Polish private pension market includes many well known firms such as ING , Aviva , Axa , Generali and Allianz .
Reuters further reported Polish government officials have tried to reinsure private retirement investors , saying the overhaul avoids the more radical options of taking both bond and equity assets away from the private retirement founds outright , in a more comprehensive government confiscation .
Poland 's private pension until now has been a hybrid system in which mandatory contributions that are made into both the state pension vehicle , ZUS , and the private funds that are collectively known by the Polish acronym OFE .
Although Poland is in the EU , it continues to utilize the zloty as the national currency , not the Euro .
Poland 's move follows a similar move by the Mediterranean island-nation of Cyprus in March when the government confiscated 10 percent of all bank accounts . Cyprus sought to raise 6 billion euros to meet a condition set by international bankers , including the International Monetary Fund , or IMF , as a condition of finalizing a proposed Eurozone bail-out .
In November 2012 , WND reported the Obama administration was exploring a creative way to finance continuing trillion-dollar annual federal budget deficits by forcing private citizens holding IRA and 401 ( k ) accounts to buy Treasury bonds .
WND report two years earlier that the U.S. Department of Labor and the Treasury Department held joint hearings on whether government lifetime annuity options funded by U.S. Treasury debt should be required for private retirement accounts , including IRAs and 401 ( k ) plans .
Marcin Przybylowicz had no idea when he started writing the music for The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt that he 'd be creating one of the most beloved soundtracks of all time ! He collaborated with Mikolai Stroinski and brought in the folk band Percival to add what Marcin describes as the `` secret ingredient '' to the music that captures the world of The Witcher . We also talked about Marcin 's new project , Seven : The Days Long Gone .
Kate 's conversation with Marcin
Marcin has spent seven years writing music for The Witcher and all its expansions . For his latest project , music for the game Seven : The Days Long Gone , he also created some homemade rustic instruments to create a really rustic sound .
Episode Tracklist : All tracks by Marcin Przybylowicz , performed by Percival and the Brandenburg State Orchestra
The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt : Hunt or be Hunted ; Witcher 3 Hearts of Stone , Main Theme ; Witcher 3 Wild Hunt : Drink Up , There 's More ! ; Silver for Monsters ; Steel for Humans ; The Big Four ; Gwent , The Witcher Card Game : The Mighty Jarl of Skellige ; Witcher 3 : Blood and Wine : The Beast of Beauclair
Seven : the Days Long Gone : Dancing in the Shadows
Follow Marcin on Twitter
Follow Kate on Twitter
Subscribe to Music Respawn in Apple Podcasts !
Thanks to Agnieszka Szóstak , PR Outreach
Beer is delicious , and many brews are packed with vitamins and nutrients that our ancestors have used to bolster their meals since ancient times , but did you know that beer can work wonders on your hair as well ? It 's true , but before you head to the shower with a cold bottle of beer to dump over your head , there 's a little more to the story . Here 's what you need to know .
First of all , beer alone is n't going to go ahead and replace shampoo or whatever else you may already use on your head . Over at Truth In Aging , there are specific recipes for a beer-based shampoo , beer-based conditioner , and even a beer and cider vinegar rinse , none of which will leave your head smelling like a hobo after you get out of the shower , promise . Do n't just take our word for it :
Although it is debatable whether the corn , rice , or wheat protein in beer can actually deposit on your hair to form a strengthening film , there is no question that it makes hair seem thicker . This effect may be attributed to the proteins left on the hair fiber , though beer also seems to slightly swell the hair shaft . Ideal for fine hair , an at-home beer solution is an economical alternative to the $ 20-40 thickening tonics on the market , since it kills two birds with one stone- adding extra volume while at the same time coating the cuticles with shine . When experimenting with beer as a hair product , it is recommended to use traditional brewed beer made from hops to maximize nutrients and minimize chemicals ( since most commercial beers are loaded with stuff you probably should n't be putting in your body , let alone your hair ) .
Advertisement
For example , the beer shampoo uses boiled beer and some of your favorite shampoo mixed together to get your hair and scalp good and clean , and the beer conditioner uses room temperature beer and jojoba oil add a little shine to your locks . Now the only thing you have to decide is which beer you 'll use . Willing to give this a shot , or is it over the top for you ? Share your thoughts in the comments .
How Can Beer Help your Hair ? | Truth in Aging via Greatist
Photo by k.ivoutin .
Eurozone economic recovery : Humming along just fine
Refet Gürkaynak , Philippe Weil
This column presents the first bi-annual report from CEPR 's Euro Area Business Cycle Dating Committee on the state of the Eurozone business cycle . The main findings are that the Eurozone expansion is continuing slowly , but is creating employment at a rapid pace ; the recovery is commensurate with the US recovery once the Eurozone 's double-dip sovereign debt recession is factored in ; and the heterogeneity in the pace of recovery of individual member countries is driven by the heterogeneity in their recessions .
The CEPR Euro Area Business Cycle Dating Committee published on 7 August the first of its bi-annual regular reports on state of the Eurozone business cycle.1 It made three important points . First , the Eurozone expansion is continuing , admittedly slowly but creating employment at a rapid pace . Second , although lacklustre , the Eurozone recovery from the Great Recession is commensurate with that of the US once the Eurozone double-dip sovereign debt recession is factored in . Finally , the heterogeneity in the pace of recovery of individual Eurozone member countries is driven by the heterogeneity in their recessions .
A lacklustre expansion that creates jobs fast
The Eurozone expansion is continuing , albeit at a lacklustre rate , but it is creating employment at a quite rapid pace . It is now 17 quarters into the expansion , which began with the trough in 2013Q1 . The previous , pre-crisis 2008Q1 GDP peak was finally surpassed after more than seven years on 2015Q3 . Figure 1 shows Eurozone GDP with shaded bars for recessions .
Figure 1 Eurozone GDP from 1995Q1 to 2017Q1
Note : The red line is GDP index ( 2013Q1 = 100 ) and the shaded areas represent the recession periods as dated by the Committee . Changing Eurozone composition , that is , EZ11 from 1995 , EZ12 from 2006 , EZ13 from 2007 , EZ15 from 2008 , EZ16 from 2010 , EZ17 from 2010 , EZ18 from 2014 , and EZ19 since 2015 .
Data source : Eurostat and Committee computation .
Figure 2 shows post-trough trajectories of previous Eurozone expansions . The current expansion ( in red ) is obviously the slowest the Eurozone has witnessed . However , the timid recovery speed from recessions induced by a financial crisis is a well-known phenomenon ( e.g . IMF 2009 , Chapter 3 ) which is neither specific to the Eurozone , nor to the latest financial crisis .
Figure 2 Eurozone GDP : Recoveries comparison
Note : The figure shows a comparison of GDP in all the expansion periods dated by the Committee in the Eurozone . The solid lines are real GDP computed as an index , with reference period the quarter of the different troughs . On the x-axis , the number of quarters after the troughs are shown . The first two series ( red and dark blue lines ) refer to changing Eurozone composition , while the other ones refer to EZ19 fixed composition .
Data sources : Eurostat , AWM Database and Committee computation .
Although Eurozone GDP is recovering slowly , it is remarkable that employment is being created at a rapid clip that surpasses both the current rate of growth in GDP and the rate of employment creation in previous expansions ( see Figure 3 for the latter comparison ) . This means that the steep employment losses from the double-dip recessions are being reversed at long last . However , the counterpart to the outpacing of GDP growth by employment growth is that productivity is so far sagging during this recovery .
Figure 3 Eurozone employment ( in persons ) : recoveries comparison
Note : The figure shows a comparison of employment in all the expansion periods dated by the Committee in the Eurozone . The solid lines are employment ( in persons ) computed as an index , with reference period as the quarter of the different troughs . The number of quarters after the troughs are shown on the horizontal axis . The first two series ( red and dark blue lines ) refer to changing Eurozone composition , while the other ones refer to fixed EZ19 composition .
Data sources : Eurostat , AWM Database and Committee computation .
The Eurozone and US recoveries are commensurate
The second , and not widely appreciated point noted by the Committee is that , although the current Eurozone expansion is lacklustre , it is commensurate with the US expansion that followed the financial crisis .
It is important to remember that the US only had a financial crisis-induced recession , while the Eurozone experienced shortly thereafter a second ‘ double-dip ' recession ( see previous Committee findings ) due to the Eurozone sovereign debt crisis . Hence , the US and Eurozone cycles are out of synch , and one should take that desynchronisation into account when comparing the strength of recoveries .
Figure 4 does precisely that by comparing the US and Eurozone GDP trajectories since their latest trough ( instead of calendar dates ) . The US expansion has been going on for longer ( as there is no counterpart to the euro sovereign crisis in the US ) , so only the first 18 quarters of the expansions can be compared . And that comparison shows that the Eurozone expansion in this cycle has been very close to US one so far . Hence , the lacklustre recovery from the financial crisis and the ensuing slump is not unique to the Eurozone or its economic policies .
Figure 4 US versus Eurozone GDP
Note : The figure shows a comparison between the two latest expansion periods for the US and the Eurozone . The red line is the EZ real GDP computed as an index ( 2013Q1=100 ) for the period 2013Q1-2017Q1 ; the blue line is US real GDP computed as an index ( 2009Q2=100 ) for the period 2009Q2-2017Q1 . The number of quarters after the troughs are shown on the horizontal axis ..
Data sources : Eurostat , Fred Database and Committee computation .
Different recessions , different expansions within the Eurozone
Although the Committee does not study individual cyclical behaviour across Eurozone countries , it did take a quick look at country experiences to understand where the Eurozone is doing better . Figure 5 shows the behaviour of GDP for the Eurozone and its five largest constituent countries around the cyclical trough .
The current heterogeneity of expansions is striking , but it reflects the past heterogeneity of recession : some countries experienced deeper troughs than others . For instance , Spain , which had a much worse recession than Germany and began to recover much later , is now growing faster . This can be interpreted either as meaning that countries simply revert back to their original GDP trajectory , and thus grow faster if they contracted faster , or it could be the result of policies adopted in the worst-hit countries to counter the recession . The raw data do not discriminate between these two possibilities , which each bear very different policy implications .
Figure 5 Eurozone countries ' GDP
Note : The figure shows real GDP series for the Eurozone ( red line ) and the five largest member countries ( Germany , France , Italy , Spain , Netherlands ) computed as indices ( 2013Q1 = 100 ) , for the period 2010Q3-2017Q1 . Country weights are based on 2011 GDP .
Data source : Eurostat and Committee computation .
Figure 6 shows that a similar cross-country heterogeneity is evident in employment as well . While Spain is increasing its employment much faster than other countries , its unemployment rate remains higher because it is closing a much larger employment gap .
Figure 6 Country employment ( in persons )
Note : The figure shows employment ( in persons ) for the Eurozone ( red line ) and the five largest member countries ( Germany , France , Italy , Spain , Netherlands ) computed as indices ( 2013Q1 = 100 ) , for the period 2010Q3-2017Q1 . The time series are seasonal and calendar adjusted , except the employment for France is seasonal but not calendar adjusted . Country weights are based on 2011 GDP .
Data source : Eurostat and Committee computation .
To sum up
The Eurozone is experiencing a slow ( but sustained ) recovery , but this sluggishness is not atypical after financial crisis-led recessions . The speed of recovery since the last trough matches that of the US . Thus , the sluggish expansion so far does not seem to be a euro-specific disease .
Authors ' note : The authors are member and chair of the CEPR Euro Area Business Cycle Dating Committee , but the views expressed here do not necessary represent the views of the Committee .
References
IMF ( 2009 ) , IMF World Economic Outlook 2009 .
Endnotes
[ 1 ] The Euro Area Business Cycle Dating Committee 's primary remit is to establish an authoritative chronology of Eurozone recessions and expansions . At its March 2017 meeting in London , the Committee decided to also begin reporting twice a year on the current state of the Eurozone business cycle .
Documentation work begins
State-of-the-art technology is being used to document the Esna Temple south of Luxor and the Tanis archaeological site in the Delta
In a step towards scientifically documenting all archaeological sites and monuments in Egypt , the Antiquities Documentation Centre ( ADC ) of the Ministry of Antiquities has started to document the Esna Temple south of Luxor and the Tanis archaeological site in the Sharqiya governorate in the Delta .
Director of the ADC Hisham Al-Leithi told Al-Ahram Weekly that the documentation of the Esna Temple had started in 1993 but had stopped due to the high level of subterranean water that had leaked inside the temple and the beginnings of the restoration work .
Different scenes depicted on the walls of Esna Temple
The whole project to document all the archaeological sites in Egypt was also stopped in the aftermath of the 25 January Revolution due to budgetary problems . Al-Leithi said that the ministry had resumed the documentation project earlier this year and had started with the Esna Temple and the Tanis site .
The documentation project , he explained , aims to register every inch of every monument in Egypt according to the most up-to-date scientific and archaeological techniques .
“ The actual documentation methods will consist of computer-data sets , plans and sections , as well as photographs , drawings and illustrations , recording forms , logbooks , site notebooks , diaries and dive logs , ” Al-Leithi said . He added that GIS systems , 3D reconstructions , applications that support on-site recording processes , modern measuring techniques and data-processing software used in geophysical research would also be used .
Different scenes depicted on the walls of Esna Temple
The Esna Temple is located in the town of Esna roughly 50km south of Luxor . Its history goes back to prehistoric times , although Esna was first mentioned in the Pharaoh Thutmose III 's annals when it was part of the Upper Egyptian region extending from Al-Kab in the north to Armant south of Luxor .
During the ancient Egyptian Middle Kingdom , Esna was an important centre for trade , as it was the focal point of trading convoys from Sudan going to Thebes . During the Graeco-Roman period , Esna was called Latopolis in honour of the Nile perch that was worshipped there . In 1971 , a necropolis dedicated to the Nile perch was uncovered west of the town .
The Esna Temple is one of the most important archaeological sites in Esna , Al-Leithi said , adding that the temple goes back to the reign of the 18th-Dynasty Pharaoh Thutmose III and was built on top of the remains of a Saite temple .
Different scenes depicted on the walls of Esna Temple
The present temple , he continued , was built during the Ptolemaic era , although most of its engravings and decorations go back to the Roman period .
The temple is dedicated to the god of the Nile , as well as other deities such as the ancient goddess of war and weaving Neith , god of magic Heka , goddess of the Nile Satet , and the lion goddess Menhet .
The temple was built almost nine metres below ground level and was completely uncovered in 1843 during the reign of the khedive Mohamed Ali . Earlier the area had hosted French soldiers during the French expedition to Egypt in 1799 . “ The names of some of the soldiers are engraved on the upper surface of the Temple , ” Al-Leithi said .
Different scenes depicted on the walls of Esna Temple
Some masonry blocks attesting to the construction during the reign of Thutmose III were reused at the site , and the oldest complete part of the temple is the back wall of the hypostyle hall , built during the Ptolemaic period and showing scenes depicting Ptolemy VI Philometer and Ptolemy VIII Euergetes .
The rest of the temple was built by a series of Roman emperors , including Claudius , and Decius .
The hypostyle hall is decorated with 24 pillars beautifully carved and painted with different floral designs . Texts describing the religious festival that once took place at the temple and depicting Roman emperors standing before ancient Egyptian deities are also inscribed on the pillars .
On the northern wall of the hall , the pharaoh is depicted catching wild birds or conquering evil spirits . The decorations also include a number of calendars , while the ceiling is decorated with Egyptian astronomical figures on the northern side and Roman zodiacal signs on the southern side .
Different scenes depicted on the walls of Esna Temple
THE TANIS SITE : Tanis , or San Al-Hagar , was the capital of ancient Egypt during the Late Period . Many historians and archeologists believe that Tanis may even be the richest historical site in Egypt today . It is located about 150km to the north-east of Cairo and was once the capital of the 19th province of Lower Egypt .
Al-Leithi said that the city of Tanis first took the name “ Janet ” during the ancient Egyptian period , meaning “ the city built in a void. ” It is mentioned in the biblical Old Testament under the name Soan , and its Coptic name is San . When the Arabs conquered Egypt in the seventh century CE , Tanis was called San . Because it had many rocks and stones , hagar in Arabic , they called the site San Al-Hagar .
When Napoleon invaded Egypt in 1799 , remains were taken from Tanis to Europe , including to the cities of Paris , Berlin and St Petersburg . The first Western archaeologist to excavate in Tanis was the Frenchman Auguste Mariette , followed by the English Egyptologist Sir Flinders Petrie and French Egyptologist Pierre Montet .
Montet began to excavate at the site in 1929 , following interest in the connections between ancient Egypt and the Near East . Mariette had already explored the area in 1859 , finding a series of sculptures mistakenly assigned to the Hyksos era and causing Tanis to be originally thought to be the ancient capital of the Hyksos called Avaris .
The city is divided into two sections containing the temples and the necropolis . Tanis boasts many ruined columns , obelisks , colossi , and stelae engraved with hieroglyphic texts that date from the Old Kingdom , go through the Middle Kingdom , and end with the New Kingdom .
The most important and largest structure in Tanis is the Temple of Amun constructed by the Pharaoh Ramses II . Inside the temple , there are two wells that were once used as a Nilometer . Beside the temple there is the royal necropolis that dates to the 21st and 22nd dynasties , and from which many golden and silver items have been unearthed and are now on display in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo where they are called “ the Treasures of Tanis ” .
“ There are also the ruins of a sacred lake that the Amun Temple priests used for their rituals , ” Al-Leithi said , adding that this lake is considered the second-largest sacred lake that has survived , with the other one being in the Karnak Temples in Luxor .
The geographical location of Tanis and its port situated on the Manzala Lake made the city an important destination until the establishment of Alexandria and its port in the Ptolemaic period .
Some historical records say that Tanis dates back to the Old Kingdom , as some stone blocks found in Tanis have the names of Khufu , Pepi I , and other Old Kingdom pharaohs inscribed on them .
MLS talent better than ever
[ Associated Press ]
A rising American teen-age star decided to come home . A veteran Bulgarian superstar decided to stay in Chicago . A Los Angeles team won the right to compete against the best clubs in the world .
When Major League Soccer begins its sixth season on Saturday , the talent on the field will be better than ever . If attendance and TV ratings could show the same kind of improvement , the league would be an unqualified success . As it is , the numbers have decreased slightly for four consecutive years after a promising debut in 1996 . At some point , that trend has to stop -- the league has lost $ 250 million -- and commissioner Don Garber has decreed that this is the year it happens . `` We 've been relatively flat , '' Garber said . `` Our goal is to grow it . We 've got to go up this year . '' Early indications are favorable . Garber said leaguewide season ticket sales have set a record . Soccer purists reacted favorably to last year 's rule changes , so the only tinkering this year is a reduction in the schedule from 32 to 28 games , which eliminates many poor-drawing midweek dates . If the fans come , they 'll see a Chicago Fire team rich in talent and expected to take the MLS Cup title after losing the championship game 1-0 to Kansas City last fall . The experience inspired the Fire 's flamboyant Bulgarian star , Hristo Stoitchkov , to sign up for two more years . `` I enjoyed my first year with the Fire , '' Stoitchkov said . `` It would have been better if we had won MLS Cup , but I strongly believe we can accomplish that . That 's part of the reason why I decided to stay here a while longer . '' The fans can also enjoy the talents of 19-year-old Landon Donovan , something the crowds in Germany never got a chance to do . A U.S. national team forward , Donovan left MLS two years ago to improve his game in the talent-rich German league with Bayer Leverkusen , but he never got on the field . Now he 's back and playing with the San Jose Earthquakes , a much-needed boost to a team that won just seven games last season . `` We do n't want to place undue expectations on Donovan , '' Earthquakes general manager Tom Neale said . `` That said , Landon symbolizes a lot for American soccer and for youth soccer in this country . '' Perhaps the most important games played by an MLS team this season will take place in Spain . The Los Angeles Galaxy will compete in the World Club Championship from July 29-Aug. 12 , having qualified by winning the CONCACAF Champions Cup in January . The trip will give MLS a measuring stick against world powers such as Real Madrid and Galatasaray . Fans of all 12 MLS teams can be heartened by last year 's worst-to-first performances by Kansas City and the New York-New Jersey MetroStars . This will be the first season that three-time champion D.C. United , hit hard by salary cap cuts , wo n't be an overwhelming favorite to make the title game . Parity has struck , just in time for some franchises that had been struggling . `` This is my sixth season with the MetroStars . And this is the first time we have a set roster and system , '' midfielder Tab Ramos said . `` The other clubs respect our team now . We are no longer a doormat . We know we have as good a chance as anybody in this league . '' While the league still gets mileage out of older players such as Stoitchkov , Carlos Valderrama and Alexi Lalas -- who came out of retirement to join the Galaxy -- it will benefit more if future U.S. World Cup players such as Donovan , United 's Bobby Convey and Santino Quaranta , and Chicago 's DaMarcus Beasley continue to choose MLS over Europe . `` Perhaps our greatest achievement is the improvement of quality of play on the field , '' Garber said , `` the number of players who believe in this league -- and want to make it their own . '' Garber hopes more fans will do the same .
At long last , light appears at the end of the tunnel for MyFigueroa .
Last week , the Los Angeles Department of Transportation announced that construction will start in October for the long-awaited makeover of the Figueroa Corridor . The $ 20-million project will provide a variety of streetscape improvements between Downtown Los Angeles and Exposition Park , including protected bike lanes , new bus platforms and landscaping .
Segments of Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard and 11th Street will also see upgrades under the plan .
Completion of the project is expected in 2017 , at which point it will coincide with similar improvements slated for 7th Street .
Although MyFigueroa enjoys widespread support from area residents and elected officials , progress has not occurred controversy-free . An appeal of project in 2013 by the owner several Downtown car dealerships questions its potential impacts on local businesses .
You like or love GOLD , right ? ? So , why not come here ! ! ! You can see super awesome kinkakuji temple.If it is a sunny day the golden temple reflect to lake and you can see double kinkakuji temples. ? ? ? I hope the weather is nice when you come here ! ! This time , I am going to introduce great foods you can eat near the golden temple. ? ? ? ? ? ?
1.KINKAKUSOFT ( 金閣そふと ) : Wow ! ! Amazing golden ice cream
Have you ever eaten GOLD ? ? ? If not , why not try to eat golden soft serve ice cream ? ? In this restaurant , you can eat it ! ! This shop became famous after opening immediately . The gold melts in your mouth . The soft cream flavor is matcha and with rice cake ball . Once in your lifetime , you should try it ? ? ?
Budget : ￥880
Open time : 11:00~17:00 ( Mon.～Fri . ) 11:00~17:30 ( Sat . Sun . )
Web : http : //kinkakusoft.com/english/
Credit Card : NO
2.GONTARO ( 権太呂 ) : Enjoy Soba & Tempura watching beautiful garden
This is a very famous restaurant near the golden temple . There are many things I can recommend here . First one is an atmosphere . It 's like Japanese traditional style ; traditional building , beautiful garden . Second one is the taste . You can eat soba , tempura , pot dishes and so on . Everything is awesome . The third one is there are many seats . Even if this restaurant is very famous , you do n't have to wait a long time , you will wait though if it 's weekends . Anyway , It 's worth coming here ! ! ? ? ?
Budget : around ￥2000
Open time : 11:00~21:30 ( last call 21:00 )
Regular Holiday : Wednesday
Credit Card : YES
Web : http : //gontaro.co.jp/english/kyoto/kinkakuji.html
TEL:075-463-1039
3.SHIZOU ( 紫蔵 ) : You will get addicted to pork broth soy sauce ramen
This is a very famous ramen restaurant in Kyoto . It 's pork broth soy sauce ramen and on the ramen there are a grilled pork slice and spinach and liver . If you like pork broth ramen , absolutely you will be satisfied with eating this ramen . And you will be surprised that spinach is good with ramen ? ? ?
Budget : less than ￥1000
Open time : 11:00~15:00 18:00～22:00 ( Wed. is off )
Credit Card : NO
TEL:075-462-3737
4.MAMESEU ( 豆政 ) inside of the KINKAKU TEMPLE area : Take a break with Japanese sweet
If you are too lazy to go anywhere to eat or not so hungry , why not come here ! ! You can enjoy Japanese sweets , like the rice cake ball as shown a picture above . We call “ MITARASHIDANGO ” . The sauce is made from mainly sugar and soy sauce . So , it is so sweet . And the rice cake ball is soft . Since this is very typical Japanese sweet , TRY IT ! !
Budget : ￥150
Open time : KINKAKUJI temple open time
Credit Card : NO
5.KURAZUSHI ( くら寿司 ) : Very cheap and enjoyable sushi restaurant
If your one of the reasons to come to Japan is eating SUSHI , you want to eat sushi many times , right ? ? If you go to sushi restaurants which are not rotating , you will be bankrupt if you are not rich . In Japan , rotating sushi is very famous . Because it is enjoyable and CHEAP ! ! Just 100yen for one plate ( 2 sushi ) . And , KURAZUSHI is a very interesting sushi rotating restaurant . This is because , you can do capsule toys for 5 plates ! !
Budget￥100 for one plate
Open time : 11:00~23:00
Credit Card : NO
TEL:075-466-6101
Look for other KYOTO foods
Look for near prefectures ' foods
The town bulletin of the pretty Quebec community of Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts contains the kind of information you 'd find in thousands of places across Canada : Library hours , civic awards , updates on parking rules . The latest edition , however , offered an extra little tidbit .
It announced it would be the last bulletin to feature English . The city , complying with directives from the Office québécois de la langue française , advised residents that English news would have to go .
In many ways , the news was unexceptional . Anglophones make up about 5 per cent of the overwhelmingly French-speaking Laurentians town , far below the 50 per cent required to give a Quebec town bilingual status ( weekend cottagers drawn to the area 's lakes and ski hills push the percentage to about 10 per cent ) . From a legal standpoint , the Office was right and Sainte-Agathe city hall , in its initial struggle against the rule , was wrong .
Story continues below advertisement
Yet the change has some citizens in the lakeside town shaking their heads – not just anglophones but the mayor and other francophones as well , united in wondering whether the page of English in the eight-page bulletin was a threat to the cause of French .
`` It saddens me a bit , '' Mayor Denis Chalifoux said in an interview . `` We francophones and the anglophone community have cohabitated in Sainte-Agathe for years , and still cohabitate . It 's a love story . The city was built as much by them as by us . They 've never asked anything from us . ''
Mr. Chalifoux said he felt he had no choice but to comply with the changes , which were initiated after a visit from a language inspector in 2011 . During the inspection , the official also told the city it would have to replace 15 English-language computer keyboards and remove public signs such as `` Do n't feed the ducks '' by the town lake , Mr. Chalifoux said .
As for the newsletter , the city broke the news to its 10,000 residents in its December bulletin .
`` Beginning in 2013 , '' it said , `` the city will have to comply with the requirements of the Office québécois de la langue française , and adopt a francization plan which requires the abandonment of the anglophone portion contained in this bulletin . ''
Language spats are part of life in Quebec , and the province 's English community , already anxious over the election of a Parti Québécois government , is not going to go to the barricades over a town bulletin . And anglophones in Sainte-Agathe will continue to get their civic news – separately . The city is redirecting the English portion of the bulletin into a local English-language newspaper , and will continue offering English information on its website .
Still , some see the change as a needless intrusion into their relationship with their local government .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
`` For an organization like the Quebec government to be interfering with how a community works locally is not productive or constructive , '' said Joseph Graham , co-founder of the Sainte-Agathe Heritage Committee . `` It 's a sign of pettiness . ''
Michel Cholette , who was leaving the Sainte-Agathe post office on the old-fashioned main street this week , saw the inclusion of English in the newsletter as a gesture toward his fellow citizens .
`` I spend time with anglophones every day – they 're my customers – and they are extremely nice . We have a harmonious relationship , '' he said . `` Having an English section in the newsletter says that we get along . ''
Retiree Ed Wagner , who grew up in Sainte-Agathe , did n't like it . `` I find it sad that they 're focusing on this . My children are bilingual , my grandchildren are trilingual – why is the government pushing unilingualism ? We 're facing globalization . ''
Even if they wo n't see their language in the town bulletin , anglophones have their place in the history of Saint-Agathe , 100 kilometres north of Montreal . The town was founded by pioneering francophones but soon greeted newcomers drawn to its sparkling air and pristine lakes . The minorities are recognized with two plaques at the snow-edged shores of Lac des Sables , one honouring the town 's anglophones ( Montreal 's moneyed anglo establishment summered here ) , the other its longstanding Jewish community ; the presence of both date to early years of the last century . The plaques stand just across from the local Anglican church and not far from the House of Israel Synagogue .
Sainte-Agathe is n't the first Quebec town to be told to cease communicating bilingually . Huntingdon , where 40 per cent of the population is English , was ordered to do the same last March and refused . After the high-profile Huntingdon case , the Office sent letters to 400 municipalities telling them they were not allowed , under the law , to have bilingual communications ; some got visits from language inspectors and were forced to drop English .
Story continues below advertisement
`` If you do everything bilingually , it does n't reflect the fact that French is the official language of Quebec , '' said Martin Bergeron , a spokesman for the Office québécois de la langue française . He said municipalities have an `` exemplary role '' to play . `` The law exists and it 's our role to ensure it 's applied . ''
To the mayor , however , saying au revoir to the English portion of his bulletin is something he 's doing with regret . `` I love the French language and want it to be protected , '' Mr. Chalifoux said in his office at city hall . `` But I do n't see how this bulletin posed a danger to my language . ''
The Army will issue an advisory to servicemen from Kashmir about precautions they need to take while on leave , especially in South Kashmir , where dozens of local youths have joined militant ranks since the killing of Hizbul Mujahideen militant Burhan Wani . This is being done following the killing of Lt Ummer Fayaz in South Kashmir 's Batapora village , where he had gone to attend a wedding .
Advertising
Army officials said that hundreds of local youths are serving in the Army in the Valley and in other parts of the country . The majority of the soldiers deployed at J & K Light Infantry 's centre near Srinagar are from the state . The local youths are part of territorial battalions deployed across the Valley as well .
Watch video :
Sources said that top commanders have asked battalion and company commanders to guide local soldiers about precautions required . An Army officer told The Indian Express that there is a standard operating procedure for local soldiers that they need to follow once they are out of their units . “ After the killing of young Army officer in South Kashmir , there is a need that native soldiers and officers should be counseled and guided about the procedure for their safety…. , '' he said . “ The situation has changed… so the local boys should be briefed . ''
Advertising
Another officer said that the Army is taking extra care after Fayaz 's killing . “ We have lost one young officer… So the top brass has taken this issue seriously . ''
A genetically-engineered virus tested in 30 terminally-ill liver cancer patients significantly prolonged their lives , killing tumours and inhibiting the growth of new ones , scientists reported on Sunday .
Sixteen patients given a high dose of the therapy survived for 14.1 months on average , compared to 6.7 months for the 14 who got the low dose .
“ For the first time in medical history we have shown that a genetically-engineered virus can improve survival of cancer patients , ” study co-author David Kirn told AFP .
The four-week trial with the vaccine Pexa-Vec or JX-594 , reported in the journal Nature Medicine , may hold promise for the treatment of advanced solid tumours .
“ Despite advances in cancer treatment over the past 30 years with chemotherapy and biologics , the majority of solid tumours remain incurable once they are metastatic ( have spread to other organs ) , ” the authors wrote .
There was a need for the development of “ more potent active immunotherapies ” , they noted .
Pexa-Vec “ is designed to multiply in and subsequently destroy cancer cells , while at the same time making the patients ' own immune defence system attack cancer cells also , ” said Kirn from California-based biotherapy company Jennerex .
“ The results demonstrated that Pexa-Vec treatment at both doses resulted in a reduction of tumour size and decreased blood flow to tumours , ” said a Jennerex statement .
“ The data further demonstrates that Pexa-Vec treatment induced an immune response against the tumour . ”
Pexa-Vec has been engineered from the vaccinia virus , which has been used as a vaccine for decades , including in the eradication of smallpox .
The trial showed Pexa-Vec to be well tolerated both at high and low doses , with flu-like symptoms lasting a day or two in all patients and severe nausea and vomiting in one .
The authors said a larger trial has to confirm the results . A follow-up phase with about 120 patients is already underway .
Pexa-Vec is also being tested in other types of cancer tumours .
Image : Gage Skidmore/Flickr
For months on Reddit , the unofficial campaign subreddit for Donald Trump , /r/the_donald has produced many of the site 's most popular posts , and Reddit 's most curious theorists are tired of trying to explain why .
/r/the_donald is a weird bastion of memes , news , and thinly-veiled racism and misogyny , and over the last couple months , posts there have dominated /r/all , the page where Reddit 's most popular posts from across the site show up . Much like the popularity of the candidate himself , people have been looking for an answer to the subreddit 's popularity .
Posters at /r/TheoryOfReddit , a kind of meta subreddit where amateur data analysts try to explain what makes Reddit work , have spent a great deal of time over the last couple months trying to explain the inner workings of /r/the_donald and its popularity . With Trump essentially wrapping up the Republican presidential nomination , moderators of /r/TheoryOfReddit decided they 've had enough , and announced posts about /r/the_donald would be banned .
`` We 're leaving up the existing [ It 's not worth the drama or political sniping for us as moderatorsposts about Trump ] but any new ones will be removed . It 's not worth the drama or political sniping for us as mods , '' agentlame , the Theory of Reddit moderator wrote .
/r/the_donald has dominated /r/all 's `` rising category '' for months .
In April , /r/the_donald received over forty-five million page views , down from fifty-one million the month before . Even though the number of page views has taken a dive this month , they 're still insanely high compared to where the subreddit was only at the beginning of the year . In January , the page did n't even make it to a million and a half views .
The Trump page 's sudden rise has baffled Theory Of Reddit posters for months , and the subreddit 's moderators are sick of it . `` It 's not a political stance , it 's just we have like four active mods and do n't have the resources to deal with the comment wars , '' agentlame told me over direct message .
So what makes the /r/the_donald machine tick ? One theory as to why posts from there end up on top of /r/all is is that the moderators of the pro-Trump page have disabled Reddit 's down arrow , meaning that they 've gotten rid of any sort of negative feedback mechanism ( It 's worth noting that the pro-Hillary Clinton subreddit does n't have downvotes enabled either . )
Another theory is that the subreddit is incredibly well run and closely moderated . Oftentimes moderators will `` sticky '' a post—meaning they temporarily pin it to the top of the page —until it garners enough attention , and then it 's quickly interchanged for a new post .
Stickied posts are usually reserved for messages intended to stay up for a long time , but on at least several instances , the Trump subreddit moderators have left posts stickies for less than an hour .
While there were plenty who supported the change , not everyone on Theory of Reddit is happy about the ban . `` I see a lot of agreement with this decision , but I think a blanket ban is stupid , '' Reddit user qevlarr wrote .
A normalized map of e-mail density between countries , where closer proximity indicates more e-mail . The colors correspond to Huntington 's `` civilizations . '' ( Bogdan State et al )
The Internet was supposed to let us bridge continents and cultures like never before . But after analyzing more than 10 million e-mails from Yahoo ! mail , a team of computer researchers noticed an interesting phenomenon : E-mails tend to flow much more frequently between countries with certain economic and cultural similarities .
Among the factors that matter are GDP , trade , language , non-Commonwealth colonial relations , and a couple of academic-sounding cultural metrics , like power-distance , individualism , masculinity and uncertainty . ( More on those later . )
The findings were released in a paper titled `` The Mesh of Civilizations and International Email Flows , '' written by researchers at Stanford , Cornell , Yahoo ! and Qatar 's Computational Research Institute .
Predictably , countries with measurable real-life ties -- like a border , a number of international flights or a serious trade relationship -- tend to e-mail more . But there are discrepancies , as well : Countries in the European Economic Area , for instance , e-mail far less than the research model predicted , and countries with colonial ties to the U.K. do n't e-mail any more as a result .
Some of those anomalies could be attributed to cultural differences . The researchers analyzed culture using the `` Hofstede measures , '' a set of attributes devised during a study of international IBM employees in the 1980s . Countries with similar levels of masculinity ( distinct gender roles ) and uncertainty avoidance ( society-wide intolerance to uncertain situations ) e-mailed more , the study found . Oddly , countries with similar levels of individualism e-mailed less .
If you zoom in , you 'll notice the United States , for instance , falls closest to Israel , Switzerland and Italy . China logically falls closer to Japan and Thailand .
To this point , of course , the study amounts to little more than very interesting trivia . The real conclusion comes toward the end , when the researchers posit it as possible evidence for Samuel Huntington 's controversial `` Clash of Civilizations '' theory . From the paper :
In this respect we cautiously assign a level of validity to Huntington 's contentions , with a few caveats . The ﬁrst issue was already mentioned - overlap between civilizations and other factors contributing to countries ' level of association . Huntington 's thesis is clearly reﬂected in the graph presented in Figure 3 , but some of these civilizational clusters are found to be explained by other factors in Table 5 . The second limitation concerns the fact that we investigated a communication network . There is no necessary “ clash ” between countries that do not communicate , and Huntington 's thesis was concerned primarily with ethnic conﬂict . Indeed , the validity of Huntington 's ideas with respect to ethnic conﬂict has come into controversy , and we limit ourselves to showing the validity – at least partial – of this division for communication networks .
`` Come into controversy '' seems like an understatement for Huntington 's thesis , which argued that future global conflicts would be fought along cultural and religious lines between a set of eight civilizations he defined . A Post writer once called it `` the most dangerous idea of our time '' ; elsewhere , scholars like Edward Said and Noam Chomsky have gone to lengths to shoot it down .
Do n't jump to any conclusions , though -- even the authors are n't willing to assign their findings more significance quite yet .
`` We consider these ﬁndings interesting puzzles , '' the paper says , for which `` the advancement of an explanation is premature . ''
CLOSE Khaled Al-Samakeh and Abeer Karkoutly fled Syria 's civil war with four of their children for a new life in Paterson . But now the family , struggling to make ends meet , must repay the U.S. government nearly $ 5,000 in airfare costs . Amy Newman/Northjersey.com
New Jersey advocates say the president 's executive order will lead only to prolonged suffering .
Seth Kaper-Dale , a pastor at the Reformed Church of Highland Park and the Green Party of New Jersey 's 2017 gubernatorial candidate , talks with Yvonne Mukayisenga , a refugee from the Democratic Republic of Congo . ( Photo : Michael Karas/NorthJersey.com )
The Trump administration 's latest executive order to toughen vetting procedures for refugees drew criticism Wednesday from representatives of resettlement agencies in New Jersey who say the enhanced measures are not needed and only serve to prolong the suffering of those fleeing dangerous situations in their homelands .
“ They are not in need of an ounce more of vetting , and to even suggest that we have n't been doing a solid job is a misnomer , '' said the Rev . Seth Kaper-Dale , who founded Interfaith Refugee and Immigrant Services and Empowerment , which has helped resettle more than 40 refugees near Highland Park this year . “ We do n't have a history of letting dangerous people in who are missed through a vetting process . The president is creating an issue when there is n't an issue . ”
The new directives , announced by the White House on Tuesday , allow the United States to resume its refugee admissions program with `` special measures '' to screen refugees `` whose entry continues to pose potential threats to the security and welfare of the United States . ''
He ordered nationals from 11 countries believed to pose a higher risk to U.S. security to face even tougher screenings . Officials refused to identify the countries , according to The Associated Press , but said refugee applications from those nations will be judged on a case-by-case basis .
Farrin Anello , an attorney with the New Jersey Chapter of the ACLU , said it is most important that the refugee screening process proceed in a normal way . She said the ACLU will be watching to see how the executive order will be implemented .
“ As more details come out about the program , and if it turns out that the administration does try again to implement a Muslim ban , I 'm sure that there will be more litigation in response to that , '' she said .
READ MORE : For refugees , escape to U.S. comes with a cost
ARCHIVE : Refugees find a haven in North Jersey
READ MORE : Picnic gives Syrian refugees some fun and connections
The new procedures for all refugees include collecting additional biographical information to better determine whether they are being truthful about their status ; improving information-sharing among agencies ; stationing fraud detection officers at certain locations overseas ; and using biometric information to check against various federal watch lists and databases .
Refugees already wait years for their background screenings to be completed and their applications to be approved .
“ Refugees are in situations of extreme duress oftentimes , and the last thing we need to be suggesting from our country is that folks experiencing extreme duress need to wait longer than they already do , '' said Kaper-Dale , who is running for governor of New Jersey as a Green Party candidate ,
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Get breaking news from all around North Jersey delivered to your inbox as soon as it happens . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-888-282-3422 . Delivery : Varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Courtney Madsen , office director for Church World Service in Jersey City , said the White House announcement was another effort by the administration to dismantle the country 's refugee program . She said the new orders will make it difficult for refugees who are already here to reunite with family members who are still living abroad . A program that enables some resettled refugees to reunite with family members in the United States is also on hold. , she said .
“ It is separating people that live here in New Jersey that we were hoping would be reunited with their spouses and children , '' she said . “ We do n't know when we will be able to see them again . It could be never . ”
When Trump was on the campaign trail , he made curbing immigration a central point of his agenda . Since he took office , he has signed executive orders and announced policy changes to that end , ordering a wall to be built on the U.S.-Mexico border to prevent illegal crossings , terminating an Obama-era policy that protected from deportation undocumented immigrants who were brought to the country as minors , and banning visitors from Muslim-majority countries .
Last month , the Trump administration announced that it would cap refugee admissions to 45,000 over the next year , a historic low .
In the last year that President Barack Obama was in office , he increased the number of refugees to be resettled to 110,000 , a 29 percent increase from fiscal year 2016 .
The Trump administration 's tough stance on immigration , and his four-month ban on refugee admissions , which expired Tuesday , has affected local agencies and the work they do .
Madsen said her the agency resettled 88 refugees in the fiscal year that ended on Sept. 30 , a decline from the nearly 150 it resettled the previous year .
“ It 's hard to see how this would not impact us , '' ' said Madsen , whose agency has four full-time employees . “ We are trying to find other sources and we welcome donations from the community . We are trying to find a way to stay at our current lean staffing , because we feel that this is a program that the community here values a lot . ”
Email : alvarado @ northjersey.com
Read or Share this story : https : //njersy.co/2h9tavY
A cobbled-together Christchurch pipe band made it into the WikiLeaks `` cablegate '' documents after playing a concert for Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi .
WikiLeaks this morning published 250,000 State Department cables . Among them are 1490 cables from American staff at the US Embassy in Wellington and 14 cables from the US Consul in Auckland .
Cables sent by US diplomats in Wellington also reveal American concern around the activities of New Zealand shell companies in North Korean arms trading .
WikiLeaks has published 1.6 gigabytes of text files according to the Guardian website .
Some of the cables provide an inside peek at US diplomatic views and actions in North Korea , Iran , Pakistan and elsewhere .
Revelations in the cables include :
- Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah pressed the US to invade Iran and destroy its nuclear programme ;
- China had hacked computers of the US government and other western allies ;
- The US and South Korean officials discussed the prospects for a unified Korea should the North 's economic troubles and political transition lead the state to implode .
Websites carrying the data have crashed under heavy traffic this morning .
PIPERS FOR GADDAFI : 'IT WAS A MUSICAL EVENT , NOT A POLITICAL ONE '
Members of the `` Pipes and Drums of Christchurch City '' travelled to the north African country last year at the ruler 's request , to became part of the three-day spectacle held to mark his 40th anniversary in power .
According to the US Ambassador in Tripoli , Gene Cretz , the party provided `` rare insights into Gaddafi 's inner circle and personal proclivities . ''
Gaddafi , who took over Libya 's leadership in a coup in 1969 , is a controversial figure world wide , as much for his choice of an all-female bodyguard as for his political activities .
Cretz 's `` Not for Foreign Eyes '' cable sent back to Washington said the 40th anniversary `` included performances by dance troupes from Ukraine , Tunisia , Algeria , Egypt , and Morocco , as well as musical performances by bands from Mexico , Russia , New Zealand , and a number of other nations . ''
A check of news archives showed the band was a group of 60 pipers and drummers `` cobbled together '' from around the South Island , who were flown , all-expenses paid , to perform a military tattoo .
Band member Alan Carlyle , who plays the side drum , said he could n't believe their trip had been reported on .
`` It was a musical event , not a political one . Although there was a lot of political capital made out of it . ''
Carlyle said the political interested stemmed from the release of the Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset Ali al-Megrahi just a `` week or so '' before they left for Libya .
`` There was suggestion that then , because we were going to perform , Scotland and our pipe band supported the Libyan government . We were just there to play music , '' Carlyle said .
While in Libya , the band gave three performances . Because the traditional Scottish outfits were heavy woollen affairs , their tattoo was scheduled for midnight , the coolest part of the day in a country that averaged about 40 degrees Celsius in late summer .
The band 's performance did n't make a second mention in the Ambassador 's dispatch , however , unlike the flamenco dancers .
Cretz reported : `` [ Gaddafi ] appeared particularly enthralled by Tuareg horse racing during two of the events , clapping and smiling throughout the races . The flamenco dancers that participated in his celebratory events appeared to spark a similar interest , as [ Gaddafi ] decided to stop in Seville ( for a `` personal trip '' according to the Spanish Ambassador here ) on his way back to Libya from Venezuela specifically to attend a flamenco dance performance. ``
He also reported that Gaddafi `` appears to have an intense dislike or fear of staying on upper floors , reportedly prefers not to fly over water ... His recent travel may also suggest a diminished dependence on his legendary female guard force , as only one woman bodyguard accompanied him to New York . ''
WikiLeaks has published 1.6 gigabytes of text files according to the Guardian website .
Among them are 1490 cables from American staff at the US Embassy in Wellington and 14 cables from the US Consul in Auckland . The full text of diplomatic cables sent between the United States and Wellington are still unpublished .
NZ CABLES
Diplomats in Washington and Wellington exchanged 69 cables on the subject of terrorists and terrorism and 169 on security over six years of exchanges released today .
The full text of diplomatic cables sent between the United States and Wellington are still unpublished , but an analysis suggests discussion about other countries and travel details are common themes .
The headline details show the most leaked cables between Wellington and Washington in 2006 ( 448 cables ) and 2007 ( 384 cables ) . There are only 119 cables from 2009 and just 10 from the first two months of this year .
Codes on the New Zealand cable titles show 574 mentions of `` PREL '' , which means external political relations . Across all of the leaked cables , there are more than 145,000 with this tag .
There are 446 tagged on travel ( OTRA ) ; 409 on internal government affairs ( PGOV ) and 211 on foreign trade ( ETRD ) . Security ( ASEC ) gets 169 tags and terrorists and terrorism 69 . Arms control and disarmament ( PARM ) is tagged in 67 cables .
On February 25 this year , the US Embassy in Wellington sent four cables to Washington .
Among the coded headings out of Wellington are cables directed to `` Military and Defense Arrangement '' and `` Military Nuclear Applications ''
NORTH KOREA REFERENCE
One of the codes in the cables on that day refers to North Korea .
In December last year SP Trading of Queen Street charted a Russian jet to fly arms from North Korea to Iran . It was seized in Bangkok .
The day before the US Embassy cabled Washington , Stuff reported that the creator of the shell companies , including SP Trading , had moved into a hotel in Auckland .
Another cable , sent on February 2 , dealt with a visit of an important person . In January US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton cancelled her visit to Auckland so that she could visit earthquake devastated Haiti .
Of the 1490 cables sent from the Wellington embassy , 12 were coded `` Secret - not for foreigners '' - the highest security classification possible .
The 12 messages were sent between 2000 and 2008 , according to the data released by the German publication Der Spiegel .
Der Spiegel said there were also 20 messages coded with the second-highest security classification `` secret '' , and 53 coded `` confidential - not for foreigners '' , the third-highest classification .
Wellington 's US Embassy sent a similar number of the secret cables to the Consulate in Lagos , the Embassy in Pretoria and the Embassy in Berlin . It sent about half the number of cables as the Embassies of Beijing , Tel Aviv and Jakarta .
Those messages peaked in 2006 .
Prime Minister John Key said he had been given an indication of the contents of some of the cables relating to New Zealand and sent from the US embassy in Wellington , but he declined to reveal what they said .
However , he said some were sure to contain some material that would cause red faces .
`` We do n't know all of the details in them , but there 's bound to be one or two comments in there that might lead to embarrassment at most , but nothing more serious than that .
`` I think it 's important to understand that every embassy and every high commission around the world plays a role in gathering information ... as they understand it or perceive it and then reporting back to the mothership , if you like . There 's always a bit of colour and artistic license about that so , certainly , I 'm sure that some of those cables will cause agitation in some of the centres they 've been sent from and a little bit of embarrassment , but take it all with a grain of salt . ''
He acknowledged that some of the cables from Wellington were from the time he was elected prime minister , but said he was n't worried about what they might say about him .
`` I 'm sure I 'd be glowing . ''
PENTAGON CONDEMNS 'RECKLESS ' DUMP
The Pentagon immediately condemned WikiLeaks ' `` reckless '' dump of classified documents and said it was taking steps to bolster security of US military networks .
`` The ( Defence ) Department has undertaken a series of actions to prevent such incidents from occurring in the future , '' Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said .
The White House said the leak of the diplomatic cables could compromise private discussions with foreign governments and opposition leaders and may put at risk the lives of named individuals living `` under oppressive regimes . ''
The US Government , which was informed in advance of the contents , has contacted governments around the world , including in Russia , Europe and the Middle East , to try to limit any damage .
WikiLeaks had reported earlier on Sunday ( Monday NZT ) that its website was under attack , but said later that media outlets would publish some of the classified documents it had released even if the group 's website crashed .
MAJOR REVELATIONS ( * reported by the The New York Times )
Here is a look at some of the main substantive revelations in the cables :
- China 's Politburo directed the intrusion into Google 's computer systems in that country , a Chinese contact told the US Embassy in January , as part of a computer sabotage campaign carried out by government operatives , private experts and internet outlaws recruited by the Chinese government . They have broken into US government computers and those of Western allies , the Dalai Lama and American businesses since 2002 , cables said .
- King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia has repeatedly urged the United States to attack Iran to destroy its nuclear programme and is reported to have advised Washington to `` cut off the head of the snake '' while there was still time .
- US and South Korean officials discussed the prospects for a unified Korea should the North 's economic troubles and political transition lead the state to implode . The South Koreans considered commercial inducements to China to `` help salve '' Chinese concerns about living with a reunified Korea that is in a `` benign alliance '' with Washington , according to the American ambassador to Seoul .
- Since 2007 , the United States has mounted a secret and so far unsuccessful effort to remove highly enriched uranium from a Pakistani research reactor out of fear it could be diverted for use in an illicit nuclear device .
- Iran has obtained sophisticated missiles from North Korea capable of hitting western Europe , and the United States is concerned Iran is using those rockets as `` building blocks '' to build longer-range missiles . The advanced missiles are much more powerful than anything US officials have publicly acknowledged Iran has in its arsenal .
- When Afghanistan 's vice president , Ahmed Zia Massoud , visited the United Arab Emirates last year , local authorities working with the Drug Enforcement Administration discovered he was carrying $ 52 million in cash that a cable from the American Embassy in Kabul said he `` was ultimately allowed to keep without revealing the money 's origin or destination . '' He denied taking the money out of Afghanistan .
- American diplomats have bargained with other countries to help empty the Guantanamo Bay prison by resettling detainees . Slovenia was told to take a prisoner if it wanted to meet with President Barack Obama , and Kiribati was offered incentives worth millions of dollars to take in Chinese Muslim detainees . In another case , accepting more prisoners was described as `` a low-cost way for Belgium to attain prominence in Europe , '' a cable said .
- Saudi donors remain the chief financiers of Sunni militant groups like Al Qaeda , and the tiny Persian Gulf state of Qatar was the `` worst in the region '' in counterterrorism efforts , according to a State Department cable last December . Qatar 's security service was `` hesitant to act against known terrorists out of concern for appearing to be aligned with the US and provoking reprisals , '' the cable said .
- The United States has failed to prevent Syria from supplying arms to Hezbollah in Lebanon , which has amassed a huge stockpile since its 2006 war with Israel , the cables said . One week after Syrian President Bashar al-Assad promised a top State Department official he would not send `` new '' arms to Hezbollah , the United States complained it had information that Syria was giving the group increasingly sophisticated weapons .
* The 'major revelations ' section of this story was supplied by Reuters . Yesterday , however , Stuff.co.nz failed to carry Reuters ' attribution to the NY Times . This has now been corrected .
- with Reuters
The dead fish fell from the sky , splat , onto the concourse where the fans line up to buy beer and hot dogs behind home plate .
Last season , the UC Irvine baseball team had an issue that most athletic programs do n't encounter .
Birds of prey , or more precisely , a tandem of osprey , took up residence – perhaps drawn by their love of Anteater baseball – in a light tower behind home plate . They occasionally dropped fish they had hunted and pooped on the fans . But mostly , the ospreys just watched . They had built a nest that put them in jeopardy of being fried by the stadium lights .
And now , thanks to a sharp ecology and evolutionary biology professor and some luck , the ospreys no longer have the highest seats in the ballpark .
“ The hope is that these birds colonize , ” said Peter Bowler , who has worked in the marshland at UCI since the 1970s . He is giddy these days because he 's seen some “ mating behavior ” from the baseball-loving birds .
Bowler offered some advice to the male and female ospreys : “ Let 's go guys . Think eggs . ”
To understand the osprey situation , you need to know a little local osprey history .
• • •
For years , the use of the pesticide DDT in the area weakened the shells of osprey eggs , so they cracked before the baby birds were ready to emerge , said Nancy Kenyon , editor of the Sea & Sage Audubon Society newsletter .
When the use of DDT stopped , the osprey did n't come back quickly .
Bowler built three osprey nests in the early 1990s in the San Joaquin Marsh area off Campus and University Drives at UC Irvine .
“ They 're lazy , ” Bowler said . “ They like prebuilt nests , and I was trying to encourage their presence . ”
The problem was that the crows liked the nests , too . The crows ran the ospreys out of town .
“ Crows and ospreys are like the Hatfields and the McCoys , ” Bowler said .
He got upset when the crows kept driving the ospreys away . “ Forget it , ” he said to himself . The ospreys left the area , and he did n't see them again for years .
• • •
Then , slowly over time , the crows went away when the trees they were living in died , and the ospreys came back . They loved the Newport Back Bay area , and the area near the Sea & Sage Audubon Society .
And then two of them showed up in the light tower at Crawford Field while the Anteaters were playing last season .
“ We thought they were egrets or turkey buzzards , ” said Senior Associate Athletic Director Paul Hope .
So they sent a drone up near the light tower to take pictures of the birds .
“ They were our resident mascots , ” Hope said .
Kenyon heard about the ospreys and circulated an article about the burning of an osprey nest in a bank of lights in Florida .
The UCI athletic department decided quickly to turn off the bank of lights near the bird nest . Hope said he believes the ospreys laid eggs .
“ We heard chirping , but we have no idea what happened to them , ” Hope said .
After last baseball season , the ospreys disappeared again .
This January , maintenance workers removed the vacant nest from the light tower . And Bowler got a phone call asking about relocating the nest .
Bowler and his class used some wire screen , wooden braces , branches from tamarisk and black willow trees . They built a circular nest about 3-feet in diameter . They put it atop a 30-foot-tall platform in the marsh . The man-made nest was placed about a quarter-mile from the baseball field .
And they waited .
In the first week of February , the ospreys returned . They took up camp in the student-made nest .
“ I was ecstatic , ” Bowler said . “ The students were very happy . It 's a personal success for everybody . ”
They grew even more elated when Bowler saw the mating behavior . He has n't seen eggs , but he has a lot of hope .
“ I hope the eggs hatch , and the birds will be back next year . ”
today opened a new , `` safer '' and `` more convenient '' route for Indians undertaking the arduous Kailash-Manasarovar Yatra as the first batch of pilgrims crossed the Indian border and entered via Nathu La , in the latest confidence-building measure between the two neighbours .
A total of 43 Indian pilgrims , several of them middle- aged , went through the second land crossing in Tibet , the new route in addition to the existing Lipulekh Pass and the only route earlier that was badly damaged in the floods in 2013 .
The opening of the second route through the Himalayan pass of Nathu La in Sikkim , 4,000 metres above sea level , was officially announced during Prime Minister Modi 's visit to last month and will allow more Indians to undertake the pilgrimage .
The move will `` further promote religious exchanges between the two countries '' , state-run Xinhua reported .
`` This new route is safer , more convenient and comfortable than the former one , '' said Dong Mingjun , vice chairman of regional government , at the pass .
It will shorten the pilgrimage time from more than 20 days to about eight , he added about the new route that will enable pilgrims to travel the 1,500 km-long route from Nathu La to by buses .
The 43 pilgrims crossed over from the Indian side of the border in today as the first batch of the annual Yatra through this border route and were warmly welcomed by Chinese officials in
The pilgrims belonging to different age-groups and hailing from various parts of India made their way to the Nathu La pass after a two week-long journey acclimatising themselves for the high-altitude journey to which stands at an altitude of about 6,500 metres in Tibet .
The pilgrims , who form the first batch of 250 people permitted to cross over to this year through the new route to take part in the Yatra regarded as the most important pilgrimage for Hindus and Buddhists , appeared excited and cheerful .
`` It is a lifetime opportunity for me to visit the Kailash-Manasarovar . There is nothing more in life I look for , '' Bharat Das , a sadhu undertaking the pilgrimage , told PTI .
The pilgrims said they have been looking for this kind of opportunity since long and that it was good fortune to undertake the Yatra through a comfortable route . They also thanked the Chinese authorities for facilitating the new route .
Yesterday , Chinese Ambassador to India Le Yucheng arrived here from the Indian side , becoming the first Chinese official to cross the border through the new route .
Le said this route is more comfortable and safer than the old one .
Introducing GNU Guix
From : Ludovic Courtès Subject : Introducing GNU Guix Date : Fri , 23 Nov 2012 10:04:22 +0100 User-agent : Gnus/5.130005 ( Ma Gnus v0.5 ) Emacs/24.2 ( gnu/linux )
I am pleased to announce GNU Guix , an on-going project to build a functional package manager and associated free software distribution of the GNU system . https : //savannah.gnu.org/projects/guix/ In addition to standard package management features , Guix supports transactional upgrades and roll-backs , unprivileged package management , per-user profiles , and garbage collection ( more details in the manual . ) Guix is approaching its first alpha release . It comes with a small and growing user-land software distribution–i.e. , it 's not a bootable distribution yet , but rather one to be installed on top of a running GNU/Linux system . The distribution is self-contained : each package is built based solely on other packages in the distribution ; the root of this dependency graph is a small set of bootstrap binaries . The ROADMAP file sketches the current plan . GNU hackers are encouraged to add their package to the distribution . A distribution built by GNU hackers is a great opportunity to improve consistency and cohesion in GNU ! The TODO file details some of the many ways you can help . Happy hacking , geeks ! : - ) Ludo ' . PS : Please follow up to address @ hidden or address @ hidden
pgpAu0AFu42EV.pgp
Description : PGP signature
reply via email to
France is famous for its staunchly secular political order . Unlike Britain with its state church or Germany with its Church tax , the French state declares itself free of religious influence . Yet in an apparent contradiction , French laïcité routinely makes higher demands of religious minorities . The French constitution 's claim that its Republic is both indivisible and secular extends to cultural norms as well as political ones . This makes France a fine example of one of the core neoreactionary principles : there is always a church—a force which determines which ideas and habits are respectable .
No amount of secularism can obscure the fact that French society shares certain worldviews and values and believe that the state has a role in enforcing these “ proper ” values . Without these shared principles , the famous French welfare state would have been dead in the water . Because of this , it is possible for Marine Le Pen to work within France 's secular framework to fight Islamic fundamentalism—to a degree . Yet the narrative following the Charlie Hebdo attacks continues to ignore the impact of religion on political stability . In insisting that fundamentalism is merely an aberration of religious values , France and the West presume that everyone is as shallow about spirituality as we have become . Laïcité may enable France—including its Front National—to engage in a secular cultural nationalism at the moment . But ultimately it serves as a myth . It makes a pretense of disinterest in religion , when in reality this has become impossible .
Following the Charlie Hebdo attacks , much of the media has responded by declaring its solidarity with the Muslim minority . Decent citizens agree : Islam had nothing to do with the attacks . Do we judge all Christians by the Westboro Baptists ?
No , but then the Westboro Baptists do n't receive funding from resource powerhouses like Saudi Arabia and Qatar . Islamic fundamentalists do .
Saudi Arabia and its neighbors continue to play a dangerous game . The Saudi practice of crushing terrorism in its borders while allowing funds to reach them abroad infuriated Hillary Clinton . Qatar 's interference in countries like Egypt and Syria got so bad that the other Gulf countries even withdrew their ambassadors . Both countries are aware that gaining religious influence over Islamic authorities in Western countries will increase their political influence—a fact well known to French Muslim organizations . Nabil Ennasri , President of the French Muslim group Collectif des Musulmans de France , was quoted in a recent report :
France has a large Muslim population of Arab heritage , which will one day , whether it is welcome or not , play an important role in French politics . Investing in this population is a way of recruiting supporters who will — consciously or unconsciously — further Qatari interests .
Religious institutions are an important avenue of funding for these countries . While the press paints Le Pen as a radical for wanting to “ go into mosques , ” there is no way to confront fundamentalism without confronting its political and economic portals into Western countries . Says Le Pen :
The massive investments which Qatar has made in suburbs are made because of the very high proportion of Muslims who are in the French suburbs…We are allowing a foreign country to choose its investments on the basis of the religion of this or that part of the French population or of French territory . I think this situation could be very dangerous… I say solemnly , the Qataris are financial supporters of Islamic fundamentalists , madmen of Sharia . The French have a right to know that , especially in Libya , the jihadists who are now in power and whose first action was to apply Sharia , were financed and armed by Qatar .
The Islamic Supreme Council of America actively opposes this current of Islam and has criticized more well-known groups for not being staunch enough in this . It reports that , in addition to the Arab countries , Wahhabi teachings have filled the post-Soviet vacuum in Central Asia . Former MI6 agent Alastair Crooke wrote about ISIS ' roots in this ideology in Huffington Post . The Saudi monarchy benefited from its alliance with this faction : Wahhabi clerics supported its leadership role in the Sunni Islamic world . The price for this ? Funding its agenda to purge global Islam of “ deviations ” and unify it under Wahhabism 's stern watch . Through its access to funding and educational resources , it has been able to permeate mosques around the world .
Fundamentalism does not simply march into the room , fully formed . It makes use of the increasing links between social status and religious purity , a trend sparked by Wahhabi influence . It justifies itself through calls to increasing stringency until it enters a holiness spiral , bottoming out ( ? ) at Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . Perhaps the Caliph is himself an example—the Telegraph reports that he eschewed violence in his years as a scholar , before radicalization in prison . In order to combat this effectively , the West must admit that it is in conflict with an ideology which is not just political , but religious .
Secularist disinterest in religion was possible during that century when liberalism enjoyed complete triumph over the cowed Christian churches . This is not the case when mass immigration and global shifts have made religion a powerful force again—and our milquetoast progressives have forgotten what a religion with teeth is really like . France and the West can not pretend such disinterest in whether it is the esoteric philosophy of the Ismaili , traditional Sunni scholarship , or the puritan ideology of the Wahhabi which is preached in its mosques . It is clearly unreasonable to think that , in the age of the internet , the ideas of fundamentalists will easily disappear . But there is no reason for Western countries to allow networks funded by the same groups promoting fundamentalism in central Asia to operate without prudent oversight and restriction . The alternative is to remain open to ideological exploitation , and ultimately dependent on those rulers who continue their perilous games .
Dear mom who just received a prenatal Down syndrome diagnosis ,
I know how you feel .
Except — unlike you , I was holding my new baby , Kate , in my arms when I found out . She was wrapped in a blanket , looking up at me as I cried , listening to the Neonatologist on staff tell me — only minutes after she was born — that she had Down syndrome . And what that meant .
He said that it meant she had an extra chromosome . And that she would have learning delays . He said that it meant she was significantly predisposed to certain medical conditions , including congenital heart defects — and that we should get her heart tested right away . He said that it meant she had low muscle tone and may not be able to breastfeed . He said that it meant she would do things on a different schedule than other kids .
And in those first few days , after hearing those statistics , talking to doctors and researching online , I thought I knew what it “ meant ” to have a child with Down syndrome . And quite frankly , I was devastated .
And so it is with you .
But let me tell you — from one mother to another — those facts are not what it means to have a child with Down syndrome .
Many of those facts may not even apply to you . Some might , but many might not . I 've learned this with all of my children . And I never allow generalizations to set my expectations . ( For the record , Kate breastfed like a champ and continues to break stereotypes . )
What those facts did n't tell me about Kate is that — along with almond eyes and slightly lower muscle tone — she would also have my thick , blond hair and full lips . That she 's a Daddy 's girl . That she loves peanut butter waffles and rocking her baby doll to sleep . They did n't tell me that she 's a nurturing big sister , a doting little sister — and the star in the room wherever we go .
Those facts did n't tell me that she would make funny faces and dance like crazy to Fresh Beat Band . That she loves to sing . And swim . And go to gymnastics . And unload all of my kitchen cabinets .
What those facts did n't tell me in all that they “ meant ” is what she would mean — to me , to our family , to our friends .
I look back on those first days and I remember the feeling of craving normality . I did n't want to hear how life would be forever altered in some big way and that I would just learn to accept it . I just wanted life to be the way it was before — routine , “ normal . ”
Will things ever be normal again ? I thought .
And then one day — soon — they were . Except they were n't like before . They were better .
Suddenly , the overwhelming facts and fears faded . Because instead of knowing a diagnosis , I grew to know her .
And so it will be with you .
Because of her life , I have the unique perspective of seeing the best in the human spirit — and not just in her spirit ( though she 's quite spirited ! ) but in everyone else .
In a world where it 's easy to view strangers through skeptic eyes , I have seen an outpouring of love and compassion surrounding her . I have connected to those I would n't have otherwise . I have had strangers stop me on the street — just to tell me how beautiful she is . The world can seem like a scary place for any child , especially those with a disability . But I have met so many who just want to love her .
I can not tell you what challenges your precious one might have — just as I can not tell you what challenges anybody 's child will have , “ special needs ” or not . One aspect of your child 's life just happens to be detectable by prenatal medical technology . But prenatal testing can not tell you who your child will be , any more than a fuzzy , black and white sonogram can tell you how your child will look .
When Kate was just a few months old , I went to Target to pick up some groceries . In line that day , I met the mom of a 19-year-old man with Down syndrome . And when I shared that my daughter also had Down syndrome , her eyes softened and she held my gaze with a warm smile .
It was as if we were both part of a secret sorority and she was an old pledge member . She asked me a few questions and before leaving , softly said the words that I 'll pass on to you here :
“ Welcome to your beautiful journey . ”
From my heart to yours ,
Lauren
They 're unfortunately just a little buried and a little undocumented . And so conventional wisdom is that Rails does n't do case-insensitive finds . But in fact it does :
Example 1 : Find all the statutes whose name begins with texas , case-insensitively :
t = Statute.arel_table Statute.where ( t [ : name ] .matches ( 'texas % ' ) )
Example 2 : Same query , using the excellent Squeel gem which makes this a little nicer :
Statute.where { name =~ 'texas % ' }
Results : Both examples generate this SQL when run on MySQL :
SELECT ` statutes ` . * FROM ` statutes ` WHERE ( ` statutes ` . ` name ` LIKE 'texas % ' )
…but they generate this instead on PostgreSQL :
SELECT `` statutes '' . * FROM `` statutes '' WHERE `` statutes '' . `` name '' ILIKE 'texas % '
Here 's where the magic happens
Editorial : Is this a real feature ?
Can we code for it and depend on it ? I think so .
It 's there in the source code . There are a few sprinkled references by knowledgeable people . But on the other hand there 's nothing in the Arel docs or source code which specifies this behavior . I.e . something like “ Arel.match will perform a case-insensitive query , adapting for the particular database in use. ” That 'd be very reassuring . And so I 've submitted that as a pull request .
Update : My pull request documenting the feature was accepted , so hopefully knowledge about it will spread .
Roughly 10 million soldiers lost their lives in World War I , along with seven million civilians . The horror of the war and its aftermath altered the world for decades , and poets responded to the brutalities and losses in new ways . Just months before his death in 1918 , English poet Wilfred Owen famously wrote , “ This book is not about heroes . English Poetry is not yet fit to speak of them . Nor is it about deeds , or lands , nor anything about glory , honour , might , majesty , dominion , or power , except War . Above all I am not concerned with Poetry . My subject is War , and the pity of War . ”
To mark the WWI centenary , we 've put together a sampling of poems written in English by both soldiers and civilians , chosen from our archive of over 250 poems from WWI . We 've also compiled a collection showcasing the poets who served and volunteered in World War I .
While many of these poems do not address a particular war event , we 've listed them by year , along with a selection of historical markers , to contextualize the poems historically . You may notice that more poems in 1914 and 1915 extoll the old virtues of honor , duty , heroism , and glory , while many later poems after 1915 approach these lofty abstractions with far greater skepticism and moral subtlety , through realism and bitter irony . Though horrific depictions of battle in poetry date back to Homer 's Iliad , the later poems of WWI mark a substantial shift in how we view war and sacrifice .
1914
Archduke Ferdinand assassinated . Outbreak of war in July/August . Germany invades Belgium . First Battle of the Marne , First Battle of Ypres . United States remains neutral . Trench warfare begins . The Siege of Antwerp . The Christmas truce .
“ Channel Firing ” by Thomas Hardy
“ On Receiving News of the War ” by Isaac Rosenberg
“ Peace ” by Rupert Brooke ( published in Poetry )
“ The Soldier ” by Rupert Brooke ( published in Poetry )
“ The Dead ” by Rupert Brooke
“ Joining the Colours ” by Katherine Tynan
“ Men Who March Away ” by Thomas Hardy
“ War Girls ” by Jessie Pope
“ On Heaven ” by Ford Madox Ford ( published in Poetry )
“ To Germany ” by Charles Sorley
“ For the Fallen ” by Laurence Binyon
“ Phases ” by Wallace Stevens ( published in Poetry )
“ Iron ” by Carl Sandburg ( published in Poetry )
“ The Bombardment ” by Amy Lowell ( published in Poetry )
“ War Yawp ” by Richard Aldington ( published in Poetry )
“ Fallen ” by Alice Corbin Henderson ( published in Poetry )
“ August 1914 ” by Mary Wedderburn Cannan
“ August 1914 ” by Isaac Rosenberg
“ August , 1914 ” by Vera Mary Brittain
1915
Germans sink RMS Lusitania . The Dardenelles campaign . Battle of Gallipoli . Second Battle of Ypres . First use of poison gas .
“ In Flanders Fields ” by John McCrae
“ Absolution ” by Siegfried Sassoon
“ Home ” by Edward Thomas
“ Champagne , 1914-15 ” by Alan Seeger
“ Belgium ” by Edith Wharton
“ Before Marching and After ” by Thomas Hardy
“ In Memoriam ( Easter , 1915 ) ” by Edward Thomas
“ The Owl ” by Edward Thomas
“ A Lament ” by Katherine Tynan
“ The Spring in War-Time ” by Sara Teasdale
“ Into Battle ” by Julian Grenfell
“ On Being Asked for a War Poem ” by William Butler Yeats
“ Rouen ” by Mary Wedderburn Cannan
“ Marching ” by Isaac Rosenberg ( published in Poetry )
“ Such , Such is Death ” by Charles Sorley
“ The Falling Leaves ” by Margaret Postgate Cole
“ When You See Millions of the Mouthless Dead ” by Charles Sorley
“ This is No Case of Petty Right or Wrong ” by Edward Thomas
1916
Battle of Verdun , Battle of the Somme . President Wilson re-elected with campaign slogan , “ He kept us out of the war. ” Rasputin is murdered .
“ Rain ” by Edward Thomas
“ Break of Day in the Trenches ” by Isaac Rosenberg ( published in Poetry )
“ The Troop Ship ” by Isaac Rosenberg
“ The Kiss ” by Siegfried Sassoon
“ The Poet as Hero ” by Siegfried Sassoon
“ As the Team 's Head Brass ” by Edward Thomas
“ Sonnet 9 : On Returning to the Front after Leave ” by Alan Seeger
“ In Time of ‘ The Breaking of Nations ' ” by Thomas Hardy
“ Easter , 1916 ” by William Butler Yeats
“ The Trumpet ” by Edward Thomas
“ The Messages ” by Wilfrid Wilson Gibson
“ The Death Bed ” by Siegfried Sassoon
“ Lights Out ” by Edward Thomas
“ The Night Patrol ” by Arthur Graeme West
“ The War Films ” by Henry Newbolt
“ The Twins ” by Robert Service
“ Ode in Memory of the American Volunteers Fallen for France ” by Alan Seeger
“ At the Movies ” by Florence Ripley Mastin
1917
Germans issue Zimmerman Telegram to Mexico , United States declares war on Germany , draft begins . U.S. troops land in France . Third Battle of Ypres . Bolshevik uprising in Russia , led by Lenin , headed by Trotsky .
“ Dulce et Decorum Est ” by Wilfred Owen
“ I Have a Rendezvous with Death ” by Alan Seeger
“ Blighters ” by Siegfried Sassoon
“ Two Fusiliers ” by Robert Graves
“ Anthem for Doomed Youth ” by Wilfred Owen
“ Returning , We Hear the Larks ” by Isaac Rosenberg
“ The Dead Kings ” by Francis Ledwidge
“ Servitude ” by Ivor Gurney
“ from Battle of the Somme : The Song of the Mud ” by Mary Borden
“ Dead Man 's Dump ” by Isaac Rosenberg
“ Counter-Attack ” by Siegfried Sassoon
“ Sergeant-Major Money ” by Robert Graves
“ The Work ” by Gertrude Stein
“ To His Love ” by Ivor Gurney
“ After the War ” by Mary Wedderburn Cannan
“ To Any Dead Officer ” by Siegfried Sassoon
“ Photographs ” by Ivor Gurney
“ Breakfast ” by Wilfrid Wilson Gibson
1918
U.S. President Wilson issues Fourteen Points to peace . Germany launches Spring Offensive , bombs Paris . United States launches attacks at Belleau Wood and Argonne Forest . Bolsheviks murder Tsar Nicholas II and Romanov family . Kaiser Wilhelm II abdicates , Germany signs armistice on November 11 . Paris Peace Conference .
“ Strange Meeting ” by Wilfred Owen
“ Futility ” by Wilfred Owen
“ Attack ” by Siegfried Sassoon
“ The Veteran ” by Margaret Postgate Cole ( published in Poetry )
“ Repression of War Experience ” by Siegfried Sassoon
“ Grass ” by Carl Sandburg
“ Dawn on the Somme ” by Robert Nichols
“ God ! How I hate you , you young cheerful men ” by Arthur Graeme West
“ Lettres d'un Soldat ” by Wallace Stevens ( published in Poetry )
“ Ypres ” by Laurence Binyon
“ Spring Offensive ” by Wilfred Owen
“ Epitaph On My Days in Hospital ” by Vera Mary Brittain
“ Roundel ” by Vera Mary Brittain
“ War Mothers ” by Ella Wheeler Wilcox
“ Glory of Women ” by Sigfried Sassoon
“ Smile , Smile , Smile ” by Wilfred Owen
“ S . I. W. ” by Wilfred Owen
“ And There Was a Great Calm ” by Thomas Hardy
1919 and After
Armies demobilize , return home . Peace Treaty of Versailles ratified by Germany ; U.S. Senate votes to reject treaty and refuses to join League of Nations . Proposal and constitution for League of Nations . The Cenotaph unveiled in London . Treaty of Sevres in 1920 ends war on Eastern Front .
“ January 1919 ” by Christopher Middleton ( 1919 )
“ Everyone Sang ” by Siegfried Sassoon ( 1919 )
“ The Cenotaph ” by Charlotte Mew ( 1919 )
“ First Time In ” by Ivor Gurney ( 1919 )
“ from Epitaphs of the War , 1914-18 ” by Rudyard Kipling ( 1919 )
“ Gethsemane ” by Rudyard Kipling ( 1919 )
“ Hugh Selwyn Mauberley ( Part I ) ” by Ezra Pound ( 1920 )
“ A.E.F. ” by Carl Sandburg ( 1920 )
“ To E.T. ” by Robert Frost ( 1920 )
“ In Memory of George Calderon ” by Laurence Binyon ( 1920 )
“ War and Peace ” by Edgell Rickword ( 1921 )
“ Trench Poets ” by Edgell Rickword ( 1921 )
“ Soldier-Poet ” by Hervey Allen ( 1921 )
“ For a War Memorial ” by G.K. Chesterton ( 1921 )
“ Festubert , 1916 ” by Edmund Blunden ( 1921 )
“ Elegy in a Country Churchyard ” by G.K. Chesterton ( 1922 )
“ Epitaph on an Army of Mercenaries ” by A.E . Housman ( 1922 )
“ Soldier from the wars returning ” by A.E . Housman ( 1922 )
“ I Saw England — July Night ” by Ivor Gurney ( 1922 )
“ Champs d'Honneur ” by Ernest Hemingway ( 1923 ) ( published in Poetry )
“ Laventie ” by Ivor Gurney ( 1925 )
“ A War Bride ” by Jessie St. John ( 1928 ) ( published in Poetry )
Read more poets who served or volunteered in WWI
Browse more War Poems
AUDIO
Poet 's Choice : Of Love and War : D.A . Powell reads poems from Rupert Brooke and Gwendolyn Brooks .
Anything But Sweet : Wilfred Owen 's “ Dulce et Decorum Est ” and modern warfare .
ARTICLES
“ 100 Years of Poetry : The Magazine and War ” : A historical look at the role of poetry in wartime .
“ How Should We Write About War and Trauma ? ” : Tom Sleigh Looks to David Jones
“ Now Online : Siegfried Sassoon 's War Diaries ”
“ Poetry in the First World War ” from Poetry magazine ( 1940 )
ONLINE WWI RESOURCES
PBS : The Great War and the Shaping of the 20th Century
Oxford University : The First World War Poetry Digital Archive
U.S. National WWI Museum
The Telegraph : Life on the Eve of War
By Craig Miller-
( CBS ) WBA Welterweight Champion and Boxing analyst for Showtime Sports , Pauli Malignaggi , joined me to talk about his upcoming fight against Adrien Broner . The fight will take place June 22nd at the Barclays Center in New York .
Listen as Pauli explains the reason he took the fight with Adrien Broner and why he thinks people consider him the underdog in the fight . He describes his feud with Broner and explains that he is the best fighter Broner will face so far in his career . Pauli tells me that Adrien is going through an identity crisis because he tries to be the clone of Floyd Mayweather . Malignaggi is confident that he will be victorious against Broner come June 22nd .
Follow Pauli Malignaggi on Twitter @ PaulMalignaggi and hear him on the broadcast next week , April 20th on Showtime as he will be calling the fight between Canelo Alvarez and Austin Trout .
Gamers and media enthusiasts , behold ! The system upgrade you always needed , but never knew you wanted : the Kingston 16GB HyperX RAM Blue that provides budget-friendly high-quality entertainment ! The Kingston HyperX Fury Series can accommodate up to 16GB of data , including the media files and documents that you use for personal and business purposes , as well as multiple application programs . From gaming to productive software , the Kingston stores your data with sufficiency and simple manageability . The HyperX RAM Blue is especially designed to make quality gaming and entertainment more affordable . So you can just spend time leveling up , than spending more money on other models with the same quality . With the Kingston HyperX Fury , gaming and other media applications are virtually more responsive , allowing you to work faster , get better results and play longer .
Furys interface allows you to manage your data instantly with automatic overclocking up to 1866MHz . While your data is stored in the Kingston HyperX DDR3 , you can be sure it is secured from wear-and-tear as well as physical incidents that can cause your data to be at risk . With a shockproof construction , even if you accidentally drop your computer , your data will be safe and sound . With industry-leading reliability , the Kingston 16GB 1866MHz DDR3 comes 100 % factory tested and is engineered to be compatible with Intel and AMD platforms . Additionally , these memory units were also tested with all other popular brands of motherboards to ensure wide range compatibility and consistent quality performance across different platforms.Work hard , play harder with the Kingston 16GB HyperX Fury Series Memory with 16GB storage capacity .
Browse through TigerDirects digital shelves and find other high-grade tech solutions from trusted brands for your personal and professional needs and enjoy amazing deals , exclusive offers and budget-friendly deals on selected items available here at TigerDirect !
Close video Flailing Trump nurses wild conspiracy theory , targets Paul Ryan Rachel Maddow reports on the conspiracy theory that Donald Trump and his supporters have concocted to explain his bad turn of political fortune and how it strikes at the heart of the Republican Party . share tweet email save Embed I was in a restaurant yesterday and heard a drunk guy at the end of the bar , shouting about Hillary Clinton having secret meetings with international bankers to plot against American sovereignty.Wait , did I say drunk guy at the end of the bar ? What I meant to say was that I heard a speech from the Republican Party 's nominee for president of the United States , who apparently believes Hillary Clinton is having secret meetings with international bankers to plot against American sovereignty . Did you happen to catch Donald Trump in West Palm Beach , Fla. , yesterday ?
“ The Clinton machine is at the center of this power structure . We 've seen this first hand in the WikiLeaks documents , in which Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers , her special interest friends , and her donors .
“ So true . ”
Yesterday morning , First Lady Michelle Obama delivered
It 's worth emphasizing for context that Trump was n't just spouting stream-of-consciousness nonsense , repeating any weird thought that popped into his mind . On the contrary , the GOP candidate was reading all of this off his trusted teleprompter .
In other words , he meant to say all of this .
As anyone who 's watched the 2016 race closely knows , Trump loves conspiracy theories – his political persona was long defined by his eagerness to champion the “ birther ” garbage – which he uses to help make sense of developments he does n't understand . Note , for example , that the day after accepting the Republican Party 's presidential nomination over the summer , he spoke to reporters about Ted Cruz 's father possibly being involved in the JFK assassination .
But yesterday was something quite different . This was Trump hitting rock bottom , droning incoherently about “ our civilization ” being in jeopardy unless he 's elected to take “ them ” on . Who are “ they ” ? The Republican candidate did n't say , exactly , but Trump is nevertheless certain they 're up to no good , and they want to crush our “ sovereign rights as a nation . ”
Salon 's Simon Maloy Actually , no , it 's not true at all.Yesterday morning , First Lady Michelle Obama delivered a striking speech in New Hampshire , condemning Trump 's predatory behavior towards women . Creating an extraordinary contrast , within two hours , the Republican nominee was on a stage in South Florida , telling a group of supporters there are nefarious international forces – a “ global power structure , ” as he put it – controlling the media , the finance industry , the government , major corporations , and the political process as part of a vast conspiracy that only he and a select few are aware of.It 's worth emphasizing for context that Trump was n't just spouting stream-of-consciousness nonsense , repeating any weird thought that popped into his mind . On the contrary , the GOP candidate was reading all of this off his trusted teleprompter.In other words , he meant to say all of this.As anyone who 's watched the 2016 race closely knows , Trump loves conspiracy theories – his political persona was long defined by his eagerness to champion the “ birther ” garbage – which he uses to help make sense of developments he does n't understand . Note , for example , that the day after accepting the Republican Party 's presidential nomination over the summer , he spoke to reporters about Ted Cruz 's father possibly being involved in the JFK assassination.But yesterday was something quite different . This was Trump hitting rock bottom , droning incoherently about “ our civilization ” being in jeopardy unless he 's elected to take “ them ” on . Who are “ they ” ? The Republican candidate did n't say , exactly , but Trump is nevertheless certain they 're up to no good , and they want to crush our “ sovereign rights as a nation. ” Salon 's Simon Maloy noted in response , “ If that sounds crazy , that 's because it was . ”
Rhetoric like that is sometimes described as “ New World Order ” conspiracy theories , which posit that there is a coordinated , hiding-in-plain-sight effort underway by “ them ” – bankers , secret societies , Jews , socialists , whoever – to eliminate national boundaries and rule over a totalitarian global state . This sort of nonsense is the meat of much of Alex Jones ' lunatic commentary . Trump , representing the Republican Party and finding himself backed into a corner , is now committed to boxing with these shadows .
And with that in mind , let 's return to a familiar refrain : are pro-Trump Republicans on board with all of this ? Most of the GOP senators , governors , and U.S. House members remain supportive of their party 's presidential nominee , and so it hardly seems unreasonable to ask them whether they , too , believe there 's a secret “ global power structure ” pulling the strings of news organizations , banks , the Justice Department , pollsters , et al .
Do Republican officials and candidates believe their would-be president is correct or crazy ? Inquiring minds want to know .
Smith & Wesson joins gun maker Sturm , Ruger & Co. in halting the sales . Both companies criticized the microstamping requirement as costly , unreliable and ineffective , saying that there is no evidence that it will help solve crimes .
Smith & Wesson President and Chief Executive James Debney , in a statement released Thursday , said the law was poorly conceived and would make it impossible for Californians to have `` access to the best products with the latest innovations . ''
Feuer called the gun lobby 's objections `` baloney . '' He said the new technology gives police crucial evidence in handgun-related killings , hundreds of which go unsolved every year , and that the legislation had wide support from law enforcement agencies .
`` This law is about solving gun crimes , and it 's a law that would be effective in doing that if only the gun lobby would step aside , '' Feuer said .
Feuer said microstamping technology has been reliable and available since before the 2007 law was passed , and costs only a few dollars per gun to install -- although gun makers dispute this .
`` Their posturing does n't surprise me , '' Feuer said of the manufacturers . `` We all know that the gun lobby has no problem innovating when it comes to making guns more lethal . ''
The microstamping requirement is limited to newly designed semiautomatic handguns and older models that have been updated or modified by gun makers . Those semiautomatic pistols are required to have a microscopic etching identifying the make , model and serial number in two places on the weapon , presumably the firing pin and barrel , allowing the information to be stamped on a bullet casing when the pistol is fired .
Chuck Michel , a Long Beach attorney who represents the National Rifle Assn . in California , said the law punishes gun makers who offer safer new handguns or who make safety improvements to older models . The restriction also could affect law enforcement agencies seeking to order newly designed firearms that are now banned , he said .
`` Hopefully , we can convince some of the regulators to take a look at their policy , '' Michel said . `` Barring that , there 's going to be legislation proposed to put these guns back on the roster . ''
Two organizations representing gun makers , the National Shooting Sports Foundation and the Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufacturers Institute , filed a lawsuit in January in Fresno County seeking to invalidate the law . The suit argues that studies have raised too many questions about the technology and cost to require its use on new guns .
Implementation of the law was delayed until last year , when the state attorney general 's office could certify that the microstamping technology was not restricted by patent protections .
As employees in the chemicals sector joined metalworkers in their strike on Monday , there were fears that petrol stations could run out of fuel .
Colen Garrow , economist at international investment group Brait , told the Mail & Guardian on Monday that while there may be widespread shortages , it depended on how long the strike lasted .
The countrywide strike in the engineering sector entered its second week on Sunday .
“ At the very most at this stage I would predict bottlenecks at petrol stations as motorists rush to fill their tanks , ” Garrow said .
The effect of the strike on the South African economy was already taking hold , with third-quarter GDP growth predictions being revised downwards .
Chief economist at Investment Solutions Chris Hart told the M & G that while the bulk of the strain caused by the recession had been weathered by the South African economy , the current industrial action would have a negative effect .
“ The global economy is showing signs of slowing and the threats to our continued recovery are being exacerbated by the strike action . We have done all we can in terms of lowering interest rates and widening the budget deficit and this could drag us back down , ” Hart said .
This was echoed by economist Richard Downing , who believed organised labour must realise that increased wages will lead to further unemployment , saying it was as if the unions had a “ death wish ” .
“ The economy is not that resilient and business just ca n't afford these increases . Unions must know what is affordable and grapple with the facts .
If these increases go through unemployment will increase . It 's a simple equation , ” said Downing .
The Chemical , Energy , Paper , Printing , Wood , and Allied Workers ' Union ( Ceppwawu ) and General Industries Workers ' Union of South Africa ( Giwusa ) last week indicated that their members would embark on the strike from Monday .
The unions were joining the National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa ( Numsa ) , the Metal and Electrical Workers ' Union ( Mewusa ) , United Association of South Africa ( Uasa ) , Solidarity and the South African Equity Workers ' Association ( Saewa ) .
What 's the trade-off ? Seth Wenig/AP
A comprehensive survey in major U.S. cities finds Uber and Lyft are n't living up to climate-friendly promises .
Ride-hailing : enemy or friend of public transportation ? Climate change combatant or urban traffic snarler ? Years of emerging research has yielded a murky mix of answers to those questions since Uber hit the road in 2009 . At various points , the main ride-hailing companies have alternated between actively promoting their services as weapons that destroy public transit and positioning them as something more like partners that help people access other modes . But a new working paper by U.C . Davis transportation researchers—which reflects perhaps the most comprehensive survey of ride-hailing use in U.S. cities—makes some clear indications : The likes of Uber and Lyft are adding car trips to city and suburban streets , and in many cases , cannibalizing transit . Who 's on board ? The study looked at 4,000 users in seven major metro areas—Boston , Chicago , Los Angeles , New York , the San Francisco Bay Area , Seattle , and Washington , D.C.—between 2014 and 2016 . It involved residents from both urban and suburban areas , and provides a snapshot of how deeply ride-hailing has inserted itself into bigger cities , at least among younger urbanites . “ In major metropolitan areas , we find that 21 percent of adults have personally used ride-hailing services ( i.e . they have installed and used ride-hailing apps ) , and an additional 9 percent of adults have used ride-hailing with friends , ” the authors , Regina Clewlow and Gouri Shankar Mishra , write . Among those age 18 to 29 , the number jumps to 36 percent . ( A mere 4 percent of the 65-and-up set are hailing rides . ) About a quarter of users are riding a daily or weekly basis . Out in the suburbs , only 7 percent of survey respondents were Ubering , compared to 29 percent in urban areas—the researchers note that there 's a lot of growth opportunity out in suburbia .
Avoiding the hassles of parking ( 37 percent ) scores as the top reason to hail a ride , followed closely by drinking ( 33 percent ) . The demographics of ride-hailing are pretty much what you 'd expect : “ College-educated , affluent Americans have adopted ride-hailing services at double the rate of less-educated , lower income populations , ” the authors write . Does ride-hailing get cars off the streets ? This one 's more complicated , but : no . Ride-hailing companies promised that they would help people shed their income-sucking , space-wasting private autos and generally lower each person 's VMT , or vehicle miles traveled . But instead of helping people get rid of cars , Uber and Lyft instead helped them get rid of their memberships to car-sharing services , whether station-based models like Zipcar or more recent variations like Car2Go , where vehicles can be dropped off in different locations . Among users who do n't use transit , the study reports “ no differences in vehicle ownership rates between ride-hailing users and traditionally car-centric households. ” What about those transit users ? Ride-hailing had something of a mixed effect on other forms of transportation . The survey concluded that “ shared mobility likely attracts Americans in major cities away from bus services and light rail ( 6 percent and 3 percent net reduction in use , respectively ) . ” But commuter rail is a complementary mode—there was a 3 percent increase in use among ride-hailers . An even stronger complement : plain old walking , which jumped 9 percent . But arguably the most important finding in the study is that , absent a ride-hailing option , between 49 and 61 percent of trips either would n't have been made at all , or would have been accomplished via transit , bike , or foot . Add that to the “ dead heading ” miles that passenger-less Uber and Lyfts are racking up , and the researchers conclude that ride-hailing is boosting VMT in cities : “ Directionally , this new evidence of mode substitution suggests that ride-hailing is likely adding vehicle miles traveled to transportation systems in major cities. ” What does it all mean ?
If ride-hailing services continue to operate as they have in most U.S. cities , the robust evidence of this study points to an unabated rise in congestion and emissions . Although the Uber and Lyfts of the world may complement a small portion of non-driving trips , overall , “ these services currently facilitate a shift away from more sustainable modes towards low-occupancy vehicles in major cities , ” Regina Clewlow , the lead author of the report , said in a statement . If cities seek a different future—where traffic is tamed and carbon footprints are shrunk—public leaders will need to take aggressive policy action . Cities are changing fast . Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter . The best way to follow issues you care about . Subscribe Loading ... But they ca n't manage what they do n't measure . “ Absent of data , cities and transit agencies are essentially in the dark ” when making decisions that influence the use of different transportation modes , the authors write . To better understand impacts on car ownership , vehicle miles traveled , and mode shares , cities should first mandate ride-hailing companies to share their data , as New York City has , and invest in their own capacity to make sense of it . Secondly , if all those mayoral promises to uphold the Paris climate accord mean anything , local governments will pass laws that prioritize and encourage high-capacity vehicles , like buses and shuttles , over single-occupancy cars ; think road pricing and special priority lanes . Counterintuitively , Uber and Lyft have said they 'd be all in for policies like those . Data sharing ? Not so much . Historically , it has not been easy for public leaders to stand up to these disruptive types . But ride-hailing giants are crafting friendlier personae these days . If there were ever a politically auspicious moment for cities to seize the initiative and take a climate-minded stand on transportation , it 's now . By shedding light on how shared mobility is really reshaping public streets , studies like this should help that cause .
$ 7.99
Minus the Bear 's sophomore album Menos El Oso was a significant departure from their debut full-length Highly Refined Pirates . The playful guitar-tapping , fluid production , and nostalgia-bating melodies were largely excised for air-tight drums , glitchy guitar samples , and an overall air that was more of a futurist interpretation of sepia-toned noir than their predecessor 's contemporary Polaroid romanticism . It was an album that already sounded like a dark , stuttering remix of their previous efforts . But Minus the Bear was still—in both spirit and instrumentation—a rock band , and those staccato riffs and dance beats practically begged to be re-examined from behind the producer 's console . So the band enlisted a team of underground remix artists to reinvent each of Menos El Oso 's eleven tracks . The resulting Interpretaciones Del Oso is a wild and imaginative ride through a dizzying array of sonic reconstructions . P.O.S . makes “ Drilling ” a club banger ; FOG turns “ Memphis & 53rd ” into the kind of murky gloom churned out by reclusive black metalhead Xasthur ; Dälek producer Oktopus transforms “ The Game Needed Me ” into a dreamy druggy daze ; Battles ' Tyondai Braxton deconstructs “ Fulfill The Dream ” into a send-up of classic Warp Records IDM . As part of their 20th anniversary celebratory series , Suicide Squeeze is proud to offer a limited vinyl repress of Interpretaciones Del Oso on 1000 copies of Taos-colored vinyl with updated artwork , printed inner sleeves , and a download card .
Not always we can be satisfied with the default views that any OS gives . To incorporate our own design elements and to reuse them , we need some control over them as custom views . Android provides the ability to create custom views . However , there is a secret for optimizing .
Every view is created through LayoutInflater . Let 's take a quick look into it 's code .
// As per : https : //github.com/android/platform_frameworks_base/blob/master/core/java/android/view/LayoutInflater.java View view ; if ( mFactory2 ! = null ) view = mFactory2.onCreateView ( parent , name , mContext , attrs ) ; else if ( mFactory ! = null ) view = mFactory.onCreateView ( name , mContext , attrs ) ; else view = null ; if ( view == null & & mPrivateFactory ! = null ) { view = mPrivateFactory.onCreateView ( parent , name , mContext , attrs ) ; } if ( view == null ) { if ( -1 == name.indexOf ( ' . ' ) ) { view = onCreateView ( parent , name , attrs ) ; } else { view = createView ( name , null , attrs ) ; } }
As we can see , it tries to use any defined factory for creating views . If there are no factories set up , it tries to see if it 's a stand Android widget . If that too fails , it tries to create the class based on the name provided ( not shown above ) . This operation is costly . Why not we just supply a factory for Android to use ?
public final class MyViewsFactory implements LayoutInflater.Factory { @ Override public View onCreateView ( String name , Context context , AttributeSet attrs ) { if ( TextUtils.equals ( viewName , `` com.mycompany.myproject.CustomView '' ) ) return new CustomView ( context , attrs ) ; else return null ; } }
Now the view is created using the factory , instead of doing a long search . It 's better to create a singleton class and use it in a call to setFactory ( ) from the Activity — before calling setContentView ( ) .
public final class MyActivity extends Activity { @ Override public void onCreate ( Bundle savedInstanceState ) { // Set the factory for the views used . // Note : MyViewFactory shown above is not singleton yet ! LayoutInflater.from ( this ) .setFactory ( MyViewsFactory.getInstance ( ) ) ; super.onCreate ( savedInstanceState ) ; setContentView ( R.layout.some_layout ) ; } }
Is that all ? No ! Now that we return a View for the XML string , do we still need a long name like com.mycompany.myproject.CustomView ? Definitely not ! We can just use CustomView or SmallNameForView or anything else in XML markups , and supply the related view ourselves .
Advertisements
Recent articulations in Canadian media have exposed the naiveté of my thinking , showing me that ignorance , specifically in terms of understanding racism and colonialism , coupled with an arrogant entitlement of deference have always occupied centre space .
Until fairly recently , I had stereotyped inane online commenters as ignoramuses living in their parents ' basements , and had assumed they existed on the fringes of society , only given charge after Donald Trump became U.S. president .
While I do n't usually waste my time or yours countering the work of other columnists , particularly those who use provocation as a tool to stave off their own impending irrelevance , I would like to tap a recent column in the National Post by Conrad Black as a poster story of white privilege . In it , Black declares racism practically dead in North America , and “ as rare and unrigorous as the flat-earth society . ”
Like Trump , he has haters . These are people who loathe his ethics , or his personality or his perceived betrayal of Canada .
Like Trump , he has fans who extend the Midas Touch philosophy to assume wealth or success in one field comes to mean expertise in all .
Black , for those who may not know , is not just a columnist . Like Trump he was a rich boy who grew into a rich man . As a newspaper magnate , he was once a societal leader , a larger-than-life success story that came to a crash when he was jailed for fraud in the U.S . He remains influential in some quarters , which avails him of a platform to express views on a variety of topics .
This is the ultimate white privilege : being vested with the intrinsic authority to speak on subjects you know nothing about , without consequence .
Neither side considers his lack of intellectual and emotional comprehension of racism as a reason to discount his views on that front .
Black denounces racism and says , “ I can not think of a more stupid and unjust reason for hiring or not hiring . . . than the ancient points of discrimination ” such as race and gender .
Good for him .
But to say this and then say racism has been “ reduced to a handful of deranged or sub-humanly stupid people , ” ignores studies on discrimination in hiring practices in the labour market and visible outcomes of that discrimination .
Black praises German largesse in taking in Middle Eastern refugees , but fails to note rising xenophobia in the rest of Europe . “ The great nation ruled when I was born by the Nazis , ” he says , “ has in the last three years admitted a million penurious refugees from Africa and the Middle East . ”
He calls himself a historian yet ignores the role of those European nations now closing their doors to migrants in impoverishing Africa as well as the more modern role of the West in messing up the Middle East .
That blindness to legacies of violence led him to lament that in Canada “ native militants ” had “ reviled him as a racist ” just because he had previously said “ native civilization was barely entering the Bronze Age when the Europeans arrived in North America in the 16th century . ”
As in , he just does n't understand why imposing European settler yardsticks of progress and implicitly justifying European invasion that resulted in centuries of brutality can not simply be considered fine and normal .
Many who never experience racism view it as a now shunned but once socially acceptable reality of a bygone era , kind of like smoking in the '60s .
In line with that thinking , Black draws on history to say “ most whites considered non-whites inferior , most Chinese considered non-Chinese inferior . . . I and a very large number of readers remember the murder of millions of Chinese and Cambodian and Vietnamese non-communists , and of Rwandans and Sudanese of a minority tribe or religion . ”
This reduction of racism to “ We all have prejudices , ” springs from a half-baked understanding of the subject . It creates false equivalence between groups , just like Trump did with “ all sides ” at Charlottesville .
It results in ideas such as reverse racism — “ racism against whites is acceptable , ” Black says .
I 'm not surprised when ordinary people shoot off such ideas in their emails to me . I am disappointed , however , when a rich white man with the privilege and authority to open minds instead normalizes ignorance .
All humans have prejudices and biases , of course they do . Humans discriminate . But racism is n't just about human bias — it 's bias in the context of societal and historical power dynamics . It is also about supremacy , or the discrimination that is stitched into a socio-economic system that privileges one identity above others . In India , for instance , it benefits upper caste Hindus . In Singapore , it benefits Chinese . In Britain , it privileges men who attended private schools .
In North America and many parts of the world , thanks to colonialism , it benefits whites .
In my reading of them , serious newspapers no longer publish columns by men saying sexism is a relic of the past , or that glass ceilings are a feminist invention . Yet , such stories on racism by white people are allowed because delegitimizing progress on that front aligns with the interests of the existing racial hierarchy .
“ Power concedes nothing without a demand , ” said the great abolitionist Frederick Douglass in 1857 . “ It never did and it never will . ”
I understand when working-class whites chafe at the concept of white privilege . What privilege , if you 've just lost a job and there are mouths to feed ? I suspect some views would soften if they knew white privilege just means that in their exact same circumstance , a darker-skinned person is likely to be worse off .
But when rich white people deny racism , it suggests white power is threatened . They attempt to derail advances by dictating the terms of conversation .
Increasingly this is taking the form of discussions around , “ Does racism exist ? ” It 's in their interest to keep everyone debating on square one rather than move on to , “ What are we doing about it ? ”
Shree Paradkar writes about discrimination and identity . You can follow her @ shreeparadkar .
The Million Dollar Coin – a true milestone in minting
Incredible , but true : in 2007 the Royal Canadian Mint produced the world 's first million dollar coin . The 100 kg , 99999 pure gold bullion coin with a $ 1 million face value was originally conceived as a unique showpiece to promote the Mint 's new line of 99999 pure 1 oz Gold Maple Leaf bullion coins . After several interested buyers came forward , the Mint decided to make a very limited quantity available for sale . To date , five of these majestic gold bullion coins , weighing 3,215 troy ounces each , have been purchased by investors from Canada and abroad .
In October 2007 , the Million Dollar Coin was certified by Guinness World Records to be the world 's largest gold coin . The coins are manufactured at the Mint 's Ottawa facility , where the Mint operates world-class gold and silver refineries , securely stores gold bullion and mints all Royal Canadian Mint gold bullion products and collector coins .
The reverse features an elegant , hand-polished maple leaf design by Royal Canadian Mint artist and senior engraver Stan Witten , and the obverse bears the effigy of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II by celebrated Canadian portrait artist Susanna Blunt .
Why did the Royal Canadian Mint make the world 's purest and largest gold bullion coin ? Because we can .
Specifications
Face value : $ 1,000,000
Composition : 99999 fine gold
Weight ( in troy oz . ) : 3215
Weight ( kg ) : 100
Definition of 99999 purity
Gold ( Au ) which is 99.999 % pure is defined as having a total of less than 10 parts per million of the following elements : Ag , Al , As , Bi , Cr , Cu , Fe , In , Mg , Mn , Ni , Pb , Pd , Pt , Sn , Si , Ti , Zn and Zr . This refers to the bulk material below the coin surface .
The University of California at Davis has a Plug-in Hybrid and Electrical Vehicle Research Center . They recently developed a online tool EV Explorer that helps you determine the annual energy costs of different vehicles . The user can compare up to 4 different vehicles ( including ICE , electric and hybrid ) simultaneously . The researchers use the MPG data from the federal government , Google Map data and current gas and electricity rates .
The initial version allows you to enter in some factors such as
Your home location Your work location Access to charging at work Exact price of electricity at home
For example , I put in the commute of a friend of mine who daily drives 111 miles from Tracy to Mountain View . I selected the Tesla Model S , a Toyota Prius Plug-in , a Toyota Prius c and a Chevy Volt . At today 's low gas prices , both Toyota Priuses cost a little less per year in energy costs vs. the Model S but the Volt was over $ 300 per year more .
With the current version of the tool , you can change the price of energy . I modified the gas price to $ 4.00 per gallon , which reflects the pricing we had for several years . With this scenario , the Model S would be up to $ 1,000 less in energy costs for her commute than the Chevy Volt .
If she put added solar onto her house , used free workplace charging or relied solely on superchargers , the Model S could be driven with zero energy costs .
In the end my friend bought a new Toyota Prius c for her commute . The C version is smaller than the typical Prius and costs $ 10,450 less than the Prius Plug-in . Her estimated mpg is 53/46 mpg . She made a good choice considering her current situation . I would not want to drive that far on any regular basis in commute traffic – even in a Model S .
Although the tool today only considers annual energy costs and not other factors such as insurance , maintenance or initial car cost , UC Davis is continuing to develop the tool .
Advertisements
T-Mobile US ( NYSE : TMUS ) shot back at rival AT & T ( NYSE : T ) , arguing for rules that would prevent larger wireless carriers from dominating the upcoming broadcast TV spectrum auction .
In a letter to the FCC , Tom Sugrue , T-Mobile 's senior vice president of government affairs , waded into the debate that was touched off last month when the Department of Justice called on the FCC to ensure Sprint Nextel ( NYSE : S ) and T-Mobile have ample opportunity to acquire 600 MHz spectrum that will be made available via the incentive auctions of broadcast spectrum , which are currently scheduled to start next year .
AT & T and Verizon subsequently blasted the DOJ 's argument `` It is surprising that the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice would even propose measures that are so nakedly designed to help specific companies , '' wrote Wayne Watts , AT & T 's senior executive vice president and general counsel , in response to the DOJ 's suggestions .
Speaking at an investor conference today , Verizon Wireless CEO Dan Mead echoed AT & T 's concerns . `` I think the industry should be concerned about kind of picking winners and losers in something like that . We have been very vocal in a responsible way with everyone in Washington about the importance of a level playing field , '' Mead said .
However , T-Mobile 's Sugrue wrote that the DOJ is proposing `` a spectrum cap that is applied pre-auction and that recognizes the unique value of below 1 GHz spectrum and the highly concentrated holdings of spectrum in that frequency range . The Department 's proposals are designed to ensure the wireless marketplace remains competitive and that all carriers have an opportunity to access spectrum -- the most critical input to wireless competition . ''
T-Mobile wrote that such rules will not benefit one company over another but will ensure wireless competition . T-Mobile has proposed that the FCC adopt auction rules limiting any licensee from acquiring more than a certain percentage of spectrum below 1 GHz in the incentive auctions . `` These rules would not preclude auction entry ; they would merely allow all carriers to have a fair opportunity to bid on the spectrum and compete in the wireless marketplace , '' Sugrue wrote .
Sugrue also argued that such rules would not reduce auction revenues , as AT & T and others have contended . `` To the contrary , the certainty and fairness of a pre-announced set of auction rules would not only encourage broader participation in the auction , it would also facilitate prospective bidders ' abilities to plan their networks , services , technologies , and business models , and secure the necessary financing , '' he wrote . `` Such an approach would result in increased , not decreased , auction revenues . ''
A recent nonpartisan study released by the Center for Business and Public Policy at Georgetown University 's McDonough School of Business found that rules that bar Verizon and AT & T from participating fully in the upcoming auction `` could reduce auction revenues by about 40 percent -- lowering federal auction proceeds from as much as $ 31 billion to approximately $ 19 billion . ''
Sugrue wrote that , despite AT & T 's protestations otherwise , there is real risk that `` a dominant carrier would bid a premium over and above the use value of spectrum in order to keep that spectrum from being used by a rival . ''
For more :
- see this T-Mobile FCC filing
JAKARTA , Indonesia ( CNN ) -- The death toll from a flash flood in Indonesia 's capital grew to 98 people on Sunday as rescuers widened their search for more than 130 other people in the aftermath .
Members of a search and rescue team look for bodies near Jakarta .
The nation 's health ministry said 62 women , 31 men and three students had been killed .
Of those , 12 bodies remained unidentified , ministry spokesman Rustam Pakaya said .
Another 13 people were missing . The search for the missing will be called off Sunday night , he said .
The flood started Friday morning after heavy rains caused waters to smash through a dam and rush into Jakarta .
The breach unleashed a torrent of water that plowed into hundreds of homes in what some survivors described as a suburban `` tsunami . ''
About 1,500 volunteers -- mostly students from two flooded universities in Jakarta -- are assisting in the search and rescue effort , said Mardjito , a social affairs ministry official who , like many Indonesians , goes by one name .
He said rescuers started using heavy machinery to lift debris . Still , the death toll is expected to rise .
At least 50 people were injured and nearly 1,500 have been displaced . Mardjito said a camp for survivors so far has adequate supplies as members of political parties continue to send food , blankets , flashlights and other items amid a major election year .
Sleeping residents were taken by surprise by the powerful flash flood as it crashed through the crowded Cirendeu district near Jakarta early Friday . Watch scenes of the flood devastation »
Drenched and shivering survivors were taking refuge on the rooftops of their homes as rescuers in rubber boats were struggling to reach them , said social affairs ministry official Mardjito .
Do n't Miss iReport.com : Send your photos , videos
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , currently on the campaign trail ahead of the elections later this year , has said he had ordered senior ministers to visit the scene of the disaster .
`` On behalf of the government , I express my condolences to the families of the dead victims and may their souls be accepted by God almighty , '' he said , according to the official Antara news agency .
The rain obliterated a 255-meter-long section of the dam , releasing a wall of water from a 20-hectare lake that some survivors said reminded them of the tsunami that hit Indonesia in 2004 .
`` They said they had heard loud rumbling sounds like during a powerful earthquake . They later found out that the sounds came from the water rushing out from the dam 's lake , '' according to Antara .
Floods from heavy rains are an annual occurrence in and around Jakarta , a low-lying city on the northern coast of Java island , where poor infrastructure often results in polluted canals and rivers overflowing their banks and spilling into thousands of homes .
In 2007 , 38 people were killed and 430,000 forced from their homes when storm water 3 meters deep in some places swamped 75 percent of the capital , which is home to about 9 million people .
With poor sanitation and a hot and humid climate , the risk of water-borne diseases is usually a major concern following floods in the city , where mosquito-transmitted malaria is also a threat .
CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report .
All About Indonesia
PHONES have been running hot as A-League clubs are free to approach uncontracted players from rival clubs .
Over 100 players are coming out of contract on 30 April 2013 and as well as breaking them down club by club , I 've picked my top 10 .
I 've leaned towards younger players , while I 've also tried to make it realistic ie . Emile Heskey wo n't be leaving Newcastle Jets for another A-League club .
Internationals such as Liam Miller ( Perth ) and Josip Tadic ( Heart ) were stiff to miss out on the list , as was Adelaide United winger Iain Ramsay who is currently out of favour with John Kosmina .
THE TOP 10
1 Tom Rogic
Central Coast Mariners
Age : 19
Undoubtedly the hottest property in the A-League right now and technically the most gifted player Australia 's produced in a long while . Overseas beckons but Australian clubs are also circling .
2 Marco Rojas
Melbourne Victory
Age : 21
The real Marco Rojas has stood up this season and he 's an extraordinary talent - shame he 's Kiwi hey Holger . Like Rogic , Rojas will be eyeing an overseas career but in the meantime Victory must focus on re-signing him .
> > BELOW : CHAT LIVE WITH DAVUTOVIC FROM 12PM
3 Terry Antonis
Sydney FC
Age : 18
Big wraps on the boy Antonis , who was almost soccer 's version of Shane Watson . He 's delivered in patches and with pressure on Sydney FC and Jason Culina returning , it remains to be seen how much he plays . Could be a top catch for a rival club .
4 Mitch Nichols
Brisbane Roar
Age : 23
Mitch was outstanding under Ange Postecoglou but ill-discipline has crept in this season and he 's even found himself on the bench . The fact that Holger Osieck overlooked him for this Socceroos squad sums up where he 's at . Several overseas clubs are interested but should that fall through , he could be a top recruit for a Victory or Heart .
5 Matt Ryan
Central Coast
Age : 20
Hull City is reportedly set to sign him in January although the Mariners deny it . Either way the Mariners ' trend of allowing its top young players ' contracts to run down is concerning .
media_camera Talent : Central Coast goalkeeper Matt Ryan had a blinder against the Roar . Picture : Gary Graham
6 Jeronimo Neumann
Adelaide United
Age : 26
Jeronimo is on loan and thus far he 's shown that he 's a class act . Adelaide has Marcelo Carrusca and Dario Vidosic who are similar players , so for clubs who need that x-factor type attacker he may be worth chasing .
7 Richard Garcia
Melbourne Heart
Age : 31
Garcia has proven his class since returning and if his form continues he will be a strong contender for the Johnny Warren Medal . He 's versatile , but his goalscoring ability from the wing or attacking midfield is a fantastic asset .
8 Mate Dugandzic
Melbourne Heart
Age : 23
Absent for the next two months with a broken foot , but Dugandzic is a classy player whose pace and crossing ability often causes opposition problems .
9 James Virgili
Newcastle Jets
Age : 20
A breakthrough season for Virgili and A-League clubs will most certainly be knocking . The Jets have considerable depth so it will be interesting to see how much football he plays this season .
10 Eric Paartalu
Brisbane Roar
Age : 26
While Brisbane has started off poorly this season , Paartalu remains a consistent performer . Considering he rejected an overseas offer to stay with Ange Postecoglou , he may be considering his future with Brisbane Roar .
CLUB BY CLUB
Adelaide United ( 11 )
Fabian Barbiero
Zenon Caravella
Bruce Djite
Fabio Ferreira
Iain Fyfe
Evan Kostopoulos
Jeronimo Neumann #
Cassio
Iain Ramsay
Sergio van Dijk *
Cameron Watson
Brisbane Roar ( 9 )
Luke Brattan
Jack Hingert
Matt Jurman
James Meyer
Mitch Nichols
Erik Paartalu
Yuji Takahashi #
Rocco Visconte
Central Coast ( 16 )
Oliver Bozanic
Anthony Caceres
Brent Griffiths
Troy Hearfield
John Hutchinson
Adam Kwasnik
Daniel McBreen
Brad McDonald
Michael McGlinchey
James Oates
Justin Pasfield
Adriano Pellegrino
Tom Rogic
Matt Ryan
Mile Sterjovski *
Patrick Zwaanswijk
Melbourne Heart ( 11 )
Clint Bolton
Fred
Mate Dugandzic
Richard Garcia
Jonatan Germano
Steven Gray
Vince Grella
Jason Hoffman
Nick Kalmar
Josip Tadic
Matt Thompson
Melbourne Victory ( 11 )
Leigh Broxham
Billy Celeski *
Isaka Cernak
Julius Davies
Spase Dilevski
Diogo Ferriera
Petar Franjic
Sam Gallagher
Marco Rojas
Lawrence Thomas
Tando Velaphi
Newcastle Jets ( 10 )
Michael Bridges
Tiago Calvano
Sam Gallaway
Emile Heskey
Marko Jesic
Bernardo Ribeiro
Dominik Ritter
James Virgili
Jobe Wheelhouse
Ruben Zadkovich
Perth Glory ( 11 )
Evan Berger
Travis Dodd *
Dean Heffernan
Jesse Makarounas
Steven McGarry
Liam Miller
Ryo Nagai #
Bas van den Brink
Nick Ward
Neil Young
Lewis Italiano
Sydney FC ( 14 )
Terry Antonis
Joel Chianese
Jason Culina
Rhyan Grant
Adam Griffiths
Kruno Lovrek
Trent McClenahan
Terry McFlynn
Ivan Necevski
Dimitri Petratos
Paul Reid
Seb Ryall
Nathan Sherlock
Yairo Yau #
Wellington Phoenix ( 9 )
Leo Bertos
Jimmy Downey
Tony Lochhead
Mark Paston
Mirjan Pavlovic
Dani Sanchez
Alex Smith
Benjamin Totori #
Ricardo Clarke
Western Sydney Wanderers ( 16 )
Michael Beauchamp
Shannon Cole
Ante Covic
Adam D'Appuzzo
Tarek Elrich
Joey Gibbs
Labinot Haliti
Youssouf Hersi
Dino Kresinger
Iacopo La Rocca
Tahj Minniecon
Shinji Ono
Jerome Polenz
Mateo Poljak
Jason Trifiro
Jerrad Tyson
* Renewal automatically triggered if they meet specified contract clause
# On loan
LUCKY YOU 'RE WITH AAMI , BECKS
Melbourne Heart has struck a deal with AAMI Park to move its training headquarters there from Latrobe Uni Bundoora should Beckham decide to come .
As I wrote in the Sunday Herald Sun , it would also add four staff members to cope with the extra demands .
Former Heart team manager and now roving global reporter Ben Coonan would look after Becks ' itinerary alone .
Coonan has experience looking after Bozza – he was media manager at Central Coast Mariners during Bozza 's brief stint in 2008 .
Bets are on as to who is higher maintenance , and there is strong money for the always immaculately groomed Boz .
GOAL OF THE WEEK
Ruben Zadkovich 's cracker was a contender but Melbourne Heart 's well worked third was my favourite .
Josip Tadic showed great presence to hold the ball up and release Matt Thompson , whose first touch was perfect to set up Richard Garcia .
Originally published as Top 10 uncontracted players
Obamas Return from Vacation Michelle Obama went on a wild food binge and packed on a massive 95 pounds — triggering a shocking marriage crisis in the White House ! Insiders told Barack Obama is fed up with her out- of-control appetite and exploding waistline , and has issued an executive order : Diet now , or we 're getting a divorce ! Stressed-outwent on a wild food binge and packed on a massive 95 pounds — triggering a shocking marriage crisis in the White House ! Insiders told The National ENQUIRER thatis fed up with her out- of-control appetite and exploding waistline , and has issued an executive order : Diet now , or we 're getting a divorce ! Photo credit : Getty Images
michelle obama weight gain 2 Now the disgusted Prez has even been caught without his wedding ring while touring the country of Laos ! But the 5'11 '' first lady , crushing the scales at 257 pounds , still ca n't stop stuffing her face , the insider said . She 's frantic with worry about her wild child Malia , who has been caught in sex and drug scandals — and that fuels her two-fisted food rampages !
President Obama Hosts State Dinner For Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong “ Everyone is blown away by Michelle 's bulge — especially considering what a fitness freak she 's been all these years ! ” an inside-the-Beltway spy dished to The ENQUIRER . “ Barack is furious ! He 's ordered Michelle to hit the White House gym or get slapped with divorce papers ! ” Photo credit : Getty Images
Obamas Return from Vacation President Obama is so disgusted by his wife 's weight gain that after nearly 24 years of marriage , he 's lost that loving feeling , insiders said . “ Barack is looking everywhere but at his wife , ” another White House source tattled . “ They have n't had sex in months ! It 's put a tremendous strain on the marriage. ” Photo credit : Getty Images
President Obama Hosts State Dinner For Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong “ She is now officially morbidly obese , ” said Dr. Gabriel Mirkin , who has not treated Michelle . “ This weight gain will increase her risk of heart attack , stroke and even death. ” It 's an especially shocking twist after the First Lady spent years lecturing the country on fitness , and spearheaded the `` Let 's Move ! '' campaign to battle childhood obesity ! Photo credit : Getty Images
President Obama Hosts State Dinner For Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong But lately , the 52-year-old mother of two has been on an out-of-control eating and boozing binge fueled by family issues , according to one staffer close to her . “ Michelle 's drinking more than usual , and she 's been doing a BUNCH of stress snacking , ” said the source . “ It 's really due to the stress of what 's been going with Malia 's wild behavior and the overall strain inside her marriage. ” Photo credit : Getty Images
First Family Departs for Martha 's Vineyard Michelle 's staggering weight gain was caught on camera as the first family strolled across the tarmac in Cape Cod , Mass. , to board Air Force One for a flight back to Washington , D.C. “ She is attempting to wear a dress that conceals her body shape , whereas in earlier photos she was quite proud to wear ‘ slim jeans , ' ” noted Dr. Otto Placik , a Chicago-area plastic surgeon , who has not treated Michelle . “ She 's clearly gained a significant amount of weight. ” Photo credit : Getty Images
RIGA , Latvia — In a significant move to deter possible Russian aggression in Europe , the Pentagon is poised to store battle tanks , infantry fighting vehicles and other heavy weapons for as many as 5,000 American troops in several Baltic and Eastern European countries , American and allied officials say .
The proposal , if approved , would represent the first time since the end of the Cold War that the United States has stationed heavy military equipment in the newer NATO member nations in Eastern Europe that had once been part of the Soviet sphere of influence . Russia 's annexation of Crimea and the war in eastern Ukraine have caused alarm and prompted new military planning in NATO capitals .
It would be the most prominent of a series of moves the United States and NATO have taken to bolster forces in the region and send a clear message of resolve to allies and to Russia 's president , Vladimir V. Putin , that the United States would defend the alliance 's members closest to the Russian frontier .
After the expansion of NATO to include the Baltic nations in 2004 , the United States and its allies avoided the permanent stationing of equipment or troops in the east as they sought varying forms of partnership with Russia .
UPDATE : We 're learning more about the six victims who died Thursday in a major crash on I-75 N in Ooltewah .
Chattanooga Police released the names of the victims Friday evening after notifying families .
One of them include Jason Ramos , 36 , who was killed when he was traveling from Dalton to Ohio to visit friends and family .
Ramos moved to Dalton two years ago when he became the assistant director of residential life at Dalton State College .
Ramos lived and worked on campus and became close with Director of Residential Life Natali Bates . She was one of the last to see him before leaving .
“ He was well prepared for him to before a trip so we did n't have to do anything or take care of anything . We had done it call , ” Bates said .
Little did Bates know it was the last time she was see her friend and colleague .
Ramos was one of six killed Thursday in a massive crash on I-75 North . Six others were injured .
Bates says he had a passion for the housing program at Dalton State where he considered the people and students he worked with family .
“ Whether it was work or not work he was always here and always with our students and it was a very special relationship that he had , ” Bates added .
Ramos cared about the relationships with those around him and had a love for storytelling and humor and those characters helped make the atmosphere around Dalton State a better place .
“ He 's a contributor to society and he 's someone who makes things better , who makes people better . And I do n't think there 's a higher compliment , really , ” Bates said .
Ramos will also be remembered for starting the Birdfeeder program at Dalton State .
It helped make sure no student went hungry .
Covenant Funeral and Crematory is in charge of the arrangements .
Dalton State 's website said Friday that their Assistant Director of Residential Life , Jason Ramos , was one of six people who died Thursday night in a nine-vehicle crash on I-75 northbound near Ooltewah .
Ramos was heading home to Brunswick , OH on vacation .
The website said that Ramos would be remembered for his establishment of the `` Birdfeeder '' , a program that helped to ensure that no Dalton State student went hungry .
`` He was an enthusiastic member of the Roadrunner Nation . Counseling services will be made available next week for students and staff needing to talk . Our thoughts and prayers go out to the friends and family of all who were involved in the crash.Assistant Director of Residential Life Jason Ramos . ''
The Kansas University men 's basketball team earned a No . 2 seed in the 2014 NCAA Tournament and will open its run at 3:10 p.m. CDT on Friday in St. Louis against 15th-seeded Eastern Kentucky . The game will be broadcast on TBS .
The Jayhawks ( 24-9 ) , who won their 10th straight Big 12 regular season title earlier this season , were put into the South regional , where Florida sits as the No . 1 seed .
Game time set for 3:10 p.m. Friday The 2nd-seeded Jayhawks and 15th-seeded Colonels will square off at 3:10 p.m. CDT on Friday .
Bill Self press conference Check out Benton Smith 's `` Smithology '' blog for a quick blow-by-blow recap of Self 's reaction to Sunday 's NCAA Tournament draw for the Jayhawks . Bill Self reacts to NCAA Tourney draw Also , here 's a quick look back at KU 's seeds and how the Jayhawks fared during Self 's first 10 seasons at Kansas . KU 's seed history under Self
Reader poll Which team from the South bracket should No . 2 seed Kansas be most worried about in its quest to reach the Final Four ? No . 1 Florida 46 % 1258 votes
No . 3 Syracuse 15 % 425 votes
No . 4 UCLA 0 % 24 votes
No . 5 VCU 0 % 23 votes
No . 6 Ohio State 0 % 17 votes
No . 7 New Mexico 18 % 505 votes
No . 8 Colorado 0 % 6 votes
No . 9 Pittsburgh 0 % 11 votes
No . 10 Stanford 0 % 15 votes
No . 11 Dayton 0 % 1 vote
No . 12 Stephen F. Austin 0 % 9 votes
No . 13 Tulsa 0 % 9 votes
No . 14 Western Michigan 0 % 7 votes
No . 15 Eastern Kentucky 14 % 402 votes 2712 total votes .
A win on Friday would advance the Jayhawks to the third round , where they would face the winner of the No . 7-No . 10 match-up between New Mexico and Stanford on Sunday , March 23 .
The Jayhawks played 7th-seeded New Mexico earlier this season at Sprint Center in Kansas City , Mo. , and won 80-63 behind 18 points , 6 rebounds and 4 blocks from Joel Embiid and 21 points and 9 rebounds from Perry Ellis .
Should the Jayhawks advance , fourth- and fifth-round games in Memphis would be played Thursday and Saturday of the following week .
Stay tuned in to KUsports.com throughout the evening for more on the Jayhawks ' draw , including reaction from KU coach Bill Self and the players .
EASTERN KENTUCKY AT A GLANCE :
Record : 24-9
Conference : Ohio Valley
Mascot : Colonels
Last 12 games : 10-2
High-profile opponents : at North Carolina State ( 75-56 L ) ; at Wisconsin ( 86-61 L ) ; at VCU ( 71-68 L , OT ) .
Double digit scorers : 6-foot guard Glenn Cosey ( 18.8 ) ; 6-2 guard Corey Walden ( 14.1 )
Top rebounders : 6-8 forward Eric Stutz ( 4.7 ) ; 6-2 guard Corey Walden ( 4.2 ) ; 6-5 guard Tarius Johnson ( 3.6 ) .
All-Conference honorees : Walden , OVC defensive player of the year ; Cosey , all-OVC first team .
Quick bio : Led by nine-year head coach Jeff Neubauer , the Colonels finished second in the Eastern Division of the OVC regular season with an 11-5 record . The Colonels have six seniors on the roster , compared to their counterpart Jayhawks , and are led by veteran duo Glenn Cosey and Corey Walden . Cosey , a senior guard , sets the tone with 18.8 points per game , while Walden , the OVC Defensive Player of the Year , joins him in the back court and scores 14.4 per contest . The two power the Colonels to a 14.7 assist average . Although KU will have the advantage on the glass , averaging 38.1 boards per game compared to 26.2 for EKU , a small and quick Colonel lineup swipes an impressive 8.8 steals per game .
America 's Next Top Model has launched the careers of a handful of successful models and actresses over the years , but it 's not necessarily the platform for superstardom you 'd think a national television show would provide . In fact , one of its most famous alums sometimes wished she 'd never even done the show .
Yaya DaCosta , who currently stars on NBC 's Chicago Med , told E ! News ahead of the premiere of her new series that being on ANTM was `` taboo '' to casting directors when she tried to get acting roles after her stint on the show .
`` I was really young and inexperienced in a lot of ways when it comes to just being in the public eye . So even though it was a taboo thing that oftentimes I wish I 'd never done , '' she confessed , but do n't worry—the actress , who has starred in acclaimed films The Butler and The Kids Are All Right , learned plenty from her experience . `` It ended up being a positive thing because it taught me a lot about being in the public eye and it forced me to grow up . ''
The ship 's owners said they were making efforts to minimise the environmental consequences of the incident [ AFP ]
The Filipino captain of a ship stuck on a New Zealand reef has been arrested and charged as up to 70 containers fell into rough seas and a black tide of oil washed up on beaches .
Mauro Balomanga appeared in a Tauranga city court on Wednesday amid a heavy police presence . He was charged with operating a vessel in a manner causing unnecessary danger or risk as New Zealand grapples with its worst maritime pollution disaster .
Balomanga was bailed but ordered to reappear on October 19 , with the court ordering media not to publish pictures showing his face after his lawyer expressed fears that `` the public may take matters into their own hands '' with anger running high .
According to local reports , Balomanga had been captain of the ship only since March . The charge carries a maximum penalty of NZ $ 10,000 ( $ 7,800 ) , or 12 months in jail .
`` In the coming days [ oil leak ] will be noticeable , it will be a large scale environmental disaster '' - Michael Morrah , journalist
Up to 300 tonnes of heavy fuel has leaked into the environmentally sensitive Bay of Plenty since the Liberian-flagged MV Rena hit the Astrolabe Reef , 22km off the North Island coast , last Wednesday .
Overnight , containers began plunging off the stricken vessel in heavy seas , Maritime New Zealand ( MNZ ) said , but none of them contained hazardous material .
It was highly probably that more containers will topple off because of the severe weather conditions and the vessel 's heavy list , MNZ said , despite tying them down tightly to prevent them falling in .
`` There are 1,368 containers on board . Eleven containers containing hazardous substances are still on the vessel and are not among the 70 estimated overboard , '' an MNZ statement said , adding that major shipping had been re-routed .
Oil spill worsens
The amount of oil spilled by the stricken vessel had increased five-fold after it sustained further damage in a storm overnight , Nick Smith , New Zealand 's environment minister , said on Tuesday .
`` I 'd like to acknowledge this event has come to a stage where it is New Zealand 's most significant maritime environmental disaster . ''
Rescue efforts to help wildlife affected by
the spill have taken place [ EPA ]
Smith made the remarks in Tauranga , where once-pristine beaches have been fouled with oil .
He described as tragic the latest developments , in which up to 350 tonnes of heavy fuel oil leaked into the Bay of Plenty early on Tuesday , but said there were little authorities could do to prevent it .
Earlier , reports said all abroad the Rena had been evacuated .
Michael Morrah , a journalist from New Zealand 's TV3 television station , told Al Jazeera on Tuesday that `` all the staff [ had ] been accounted for '' .
Referring to the oil spill , he said `` in the coming days it will be noticeable ... it will be a large-scale environmental disaster '' .
The animal welfare group Forest and Bird said the timing of the accident , in the middle of the breeding season for birds , was `` disastrous '' .
Greenpeace said it could also affect whales and dolphins calving in the area , as well as other species .
The Rena was built in 1990 and was carrying 1,351 containers of goods when it ran aground , according to the owners .
In addition to the oil , authorities are also concerned about some potentially dangerous goods aboard , including four containers of ferrosilicon .
It 's been a month since Sharyl Attkisson left CBS News , a departure which many assumed related to editorial interference with her reporting on stories that focused on Obama administration scandals . Attkisson appeared last night on Fox 's O'Reilly Factor and confirmed those assumptions . Attkisson tells Bill O'Reilly that CBS News labeled her a “ troublemaker ” for her insistence on sticking with stories such as the Fast & Furious scandal . CBS wanted her to drop the Fast & Furious story over “ a lack of interest , ” and Attkisson says that the “ interest ” issue was editorial rather than audience related .
Newsbusters has the full transcript :
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ICJQU3H06Qk
ATTKISSON : It just came to be that , I do n't think on the viewer 's part , but on the people that decide what stories go into the broadcast and what there 's room for , they felt fairly early on that this story was over when I felt as though we had barely begun to scratch the surface . They did n't ask me what was left to report , they just decided on their own that this story was – O'REILLY : So they pulled the rug from you . And I worked at CBS News . I know how it goes . You ca n't investigate a story unless you get a budget to do so , and approval of the higher ups , okay , you are going to do assignment O'Reilly or Attkisson . And this assignment will go to this show . That 's how the structure works . They did n't want any part of it over there . Okay . How about Benghazi , what did you find out about that ? ATTKISSON : Benghazi I was assigned to look into about three weeks after the attacks happened by management , and pursue that aggressively . And as I felt we were beginning to scratch beneath the surface on that scandal as well , which I think had many legitimate questions yet to be asked and answered , interest was largely lost in that story as well on the part of the people that are responsible for deciding what goes on the news . O'REILLY : So did they tell you , look , we do n't want you to spend any more time on this ? Was it that direct ? ATTKISSON : No . It 's more as though there is no time in the broadcast . They really , really liked the story but you start to hear from , you know , other routes that why do n't you just leave it alone , and you know , you are kind of a troublemaker because you are still pursuing it . It kind of goes from hot to cold in one day , sometimes . Where they are asking you to pursue something heavily and then it 's almost as if a light switch goes off and they look at you all of a sudden as if , why are you bringing us this story ?
CBS News also lost interest in ObamaCare despite all of the security issues that would have made for a huge story had it taken place in the private sector :
ATTKISSON : I was asked by CBS to look into ObamaCare and it had a similar trajectory whereby we broke some interesting stories that I felt like we were uncovering some good information and making headway , but we and I feel like a lot of the media after several weeks of this kind of fell off the radar on the story to a large degree , on the critical looks that we were taking . It 's security issues , the lack of transparency , the lack of providing of figures and information that I think belonged in the public domain , belonged to us , that were being withheld . While being provided in some cases to corporate partners of the government , being withheld from us though . O'REILLY : When you say security , you mean people 's health records and things like that and that they 're not secure ? ATTKISSON : Right . Just before Christmas came word that the top security official , the computer security person who still works there at HHS had refused to sign off and recommended , in fact , that this web site not go live because of all the security issues . And that was not considered a big enough story , I suppose , is the way to put it by those who decide what goes on the air . But I thought it was hugely important , because this is an insider , someone who works in the Obama administration who had made this assessment . And if you look at having had something like that occur with a private corporation that proceeded to go online with all of these alleged security risks , I think the government would be very upset by that if the tables were turned . But here was the United States government doing it .
And for some reason , the editors at CBS News found that … uninteresting . Those who wanted to cover it were troublemakers . Granted , this is only Attkisson 's side of the story , but their coverage on all of these scandals without Attkisson speaks for itself , as does her departure from the network after providing the coverage she gave these scandals .
`` When the job ad specified that an 'enterprise ' Senior Java Developer was needed , I knew I 'd be in a treat for some enterprisey goodness , '' writes Chris B , `` but what I did n't expect was the User Agent Detection Generation Framework . Here 's what the API for this framework looks like . ''
`` It 's apparently designed to put an end to the extreme challenge of parsing user agent strings sent by various web browsers and devices . Here 's what the UserAgent implementation looks like . I mean , an implementation ; this is , naturally , extensible enough to handle any user agent parsing factory implementation . ''
`` Based on the commit history , it took several months to create this masterpiece . There are more than forty Java classes , eight interfaces , and several hundred lines of XML configuration . Speaking of which , here 's the configuration XML for Firefox : ''
< ! -- ============================================================================================================== -- > < ! -- Firefox -- > < ! -- ============================================================================================================== -- > < ! -- Firefox -- > < ua : UserAgent ua : id= '' Mozilla Firefox '' ua : browser= '' Firefox '' ua : version= '' $ 6 '' ua : platform= '' $ 1 '' > < ua : Element ua : id= '' mobile '' ua : type= '' boolean '' ua : value= '' false '' / > < ua : Element ua : id= '' osName '' ua : type= '' string '' ua : value= '' $ 2 '' / > < ua : Element ua : id= '' osVersion '' ua : type= '' number '' ua : value= '' $ 3 '' / > < ua : Element ua : id= '' engineName '' ua : type= '' string '' ua : value= '' Gecko '' / > < ua : Element ua : id= '' engineVersion '' ua : type= '' number '' ua : value= '' $ 4 '' / > < ua : Detection > < ! -- Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; nl-NL ; rv:1.7.5 ) Gecko/20041202 Firefox/1.0 Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; en-US ; rv:1.7.8 ) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4 Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; en-US ; rv:1.7.10 ) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6 Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; nl ; rv:1.8 ) Gecko/20051107 Firefox/1.5 Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; en-GB ; rv:1.8.0.1 ) Gecko/20060111 Firefox/1.5.0.1 Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; en-US ; rv:1.8.1.1 ) Gecko/20061204 Firefox/2.0.0.1 Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 6.0 ; en-US ; rv:1.8.0.4 ) Gecko/20060508 Firefox/1.5.0.4 Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; de ; rv:1.9.0.5 ) Gecko/2008120122 Firefox/3.0.5 Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; en-US ; rv:1.9.3a5pre ) Gecko/20100418 Minefield/3.7a5pre Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows NT 5.1 ; rv:2.0b6 ) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0b6 -- > < ua : RegExp > Mozilla/5.0 \ ( ( Windows ) . * ( Windows NT ) ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * rv : ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * \ ) . * Gecko/ ( \d+ ) . * Firefox/ ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * < /ua : RegExp > < ua : RegExp > Mozilla/5.0 \ ( . * ( Windows ) ( NT ) ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * rv : ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * \ ) . * Gecko/ ( \d+ ) . * Firefox/ ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * < /ua : RegExp > < ua : RegExp > Mozilla/5.0 \ ( ( Windows ) . * ( Windows NT ) ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * rv : ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * \ ) . * Gecko/ ( \d+ ) . * Minefield/ ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * < /ua : RegExp > < ! -- Mozilla/5.0 ( X11 ; U ; FreeBSD i386 ; en-US ; rv:1.7.8 ) Gecko/20050609 Firefox/1.0.4 Mozilla/5.0 ( X11 ; U ; Linux i686 ; en-US ; rv:1.7.9 ) Gecko/20050711 Firefox/1.0.5 Mozilla/5.0 ( X11 ; U ; Linux i686 ; en-US ; rv:1.8.0.2 ) Gecko/20060308 Firefox/1.5.0.2 Mozilla/5.0 ( X11 ; U ; Linux i686 ; en-US ; rv:1.8.0.3 ) Gecko/20060426 Firefox/1.5.0.3 Mozilla/5.0 ( X11 ; U ; Linux i686 ; en-US ; rv:1.8.0.6 ) Gecko/20060808 Fedora/1.5.0.6-2.fc5 Firefox/1.5.0.6 pango-text Mozilla/5.0 ( X11 ; U ; Linux x86_64 ; en-US ; rv:1.8.1 ) Gecko/20060601 Firefox/2.0 ( Ubuntu-edgy ) Mozilla/5.0 ( X11 ; U ; Linux i686 ; en-US ; rv:1.8.1.2 ) Gecko/20070220 Firefox/2.0.0.2 Mozilla/5.0 ( X11 ; U ; Linux i686 ; en-US ; rv:1.8.1.2 ) Gecko/20070221 SUSE/2.0.0.2-6.1 Firefox/2.0.0.2 Mozilla/5.0 ( X11 ; U ; Linux i686 ; en-US ; rv:2.0a1pre ) Gecko/2008060602 Minefield/4.0a1pre Mozilla/5.0 ( X11 ; Linux x86_64 ; rv:2.0.1 ) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/4.0.1 -- > < ua : RegExp > Mozilla/5.0 \ ( ( X11 ) ; U ; ( \w+ ) ( ) . * rv : ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * \ ) . * Gecko/ ( \d+ ) . * Firefox/ ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * < /ua : RegExp > < ua : RegExp > Mozilla/5.0 \ ( ( X11 ) ; ( \w+ ) ( ) . * rv : ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * \ ) . * Gecko/ ( \d+ ) . * Firefox/ ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * < /ua : RegExp > < ua : RegExp > Mozilla/5.0 \ ( ( X11 ) ; U ; ( \w+ ) ( ) . * rv : ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * \ ) . * Gecko/ ( \d+ ) . * Minefield/ ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * < /ua : RegExp > < ua : RegExp > Mozilla/5.0 \ ( ( X11 ) ; ( \w+ ) ( ) . * rv : ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * \ ) . * Gecko/ ( \d+ ) . * Minefield/ ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * < /ua : RegExp > < ! -- Mozilla/5.0 ( Macintosh ; U ; PPC Mac OS X Mach-O ; en-US ; rv:1.7.12 ) Gecko/20050915 Firefox/1.0.7 Mozilla/5.0 ( Macintosh ; U ; Intel Mac OS X ; en-US ; rv:1.8.0.7 ) Gecko/20060909 Firefox/1.5.0.7 Mozilla/5.0 ( Macintosh ; Intel Mac OS X 10.5 ; rv:5.0 ) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/5.0 -- > < ua : RegExp > Mozilla/5.0 \ ( ( Macintosh ) ; U ; ( [ ^ ; ] + ) ( ) . * rv : ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * \ ) . * Gecko/ ( \d+ ) . * Firefox/ ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * < /ua : RegExp > < ua : RegExp > Mozilla/5.0 \ ( ( Macintosh ) ; ( [ ^ ; ] + ) ( ) . * rv : ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * \ ) . * Gecko/ ( \d+ ) . * Firefox/ ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * < /ua : RegExp > < ua : RegExp > Mozilla/5.0 \ ( ( Macintosh ) ; U ; ( [ ^ ; ] + ) ( ) . * rv : ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * \ ) . * Gecko/ ( \d+ ) . * Minefield/ ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * < /ua : RegExp > < ua : RegExp > Mozilla/5.0 \ ( ( Macintosh ) ; ( [ ^ ; ] + ) ( ) . * rv : ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * \ ) . * Gecko/ ( \d+ ) . * Minefield/ ( \d+\.\d+ ) . * < /ua : RegExp > < /ua : Detection > < /ua : UserAgent >
Ann Arbor , Mich. — Using heart-lung support technology , the University of Michigan 's Transplant Center was able to increase the number of kidneys , livers and pancreases available for transplant by about 20 percent .
The results were published in the journal Transplantation and detail the impact of more than 10 years of using Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation , or ECMO , to improve the quality and viability of organs donated after circulatory determination of death .
“ Organ transplant is limited by the number of donated organs available , so the use of organs that are donated after circulatory death is one way to increase the number of life-saving organs available for patients waiting for that gift of life , ” says Alvaro Rojas-Pena , M.D. , the lead author on the study and a research investigator for transplant surgery at the University of Michigan Health System .
As of Aug. 6 , 2014 , 123,191 people nationwide were waiting for a solid organ transplant in the United States . The Institute of Medicine has named donation after circulatory determination of death as the number one research priority to improve organ donation .
However , donation after circulatory death accounts for just six to eight percent of organ transplants in the United States , almost exclusively limited to renal grafts . The most common process used to procure these organs still results in injury or failure of the organ .
A donation after circulatory determination of death comes from a donor who has suffered irreversible brain injury , but does not meet formal brain death criteria . In these cases , the family has decided to withdraw care .
At the University of Michigan , once the family makes the decision about organ donation , the patient can be connected to ECMO to improve the viability of any organs for donation .
ECMO was developed in the 1970s by U-M surgeon Robert Bartlett , now a professor emeritus . The technology does the work of a patient 's failing heart and lungs for a period of weeks , sometimes months .
In the transplant cases studied form Oct 1 , 2000 to July 31 , 2013 , ECMO was used in 37 donations after circulatory death . The number of organs procured per donor was 2.59 and the number of organs transplanted per donor was 1.68 .
The study also showed there was little to no difference in survival rates from organs donated after circulatory death procured after ECMO compared with those procured using other methods .
“ We had this program here of ECMO that was highly successful so we began using it to expand the number of organs available for transplant , ” says Jeffrey Punch , M.D. , a University of Michigan transplant surgeon , professor of surgery and senior author of the study .
“ We believe it has made the organs work better as well . When you talk to families of organ donors , the one thing they really want to know is whether worked . If you can tell them this makes the organs work better , this really offers quite a bit of comfort to them . ”
“ Any increase in the organs available for transplant is meaningful for those waiting for a life-saving donation , ” Punch says . “ We hope these results will encourage other centers to consider this process in organ procurement . ”
Additional authors : Of the University of Michigan : Lauren E. Sall , B.S . ; Mark T. Gravel , R.N . ; Elaine G. Cooley , R.N . and Robert H. Bartlett , M.D . Of the University of Virginia : Shawn J. Pelletier .
Journal citation : 10.1097/TP.0000000000000070
Disclosures : None
About the University of Michigan Transplant Center : U-M has one of the oldest and largest transplantation programs in the country and U-M surgeons perform transplants of hearts , lungs , pancreases , livers , kidneys , and corneas . About 400 to 450 transplants are done at U-M annually , mostly kidney transplants followed by liver , heart , lung and pancreas . In 2014 , the center performed its 10,000th solid organ transplant .
www.uofmhealth.org/transplant
Digest No . 2082
The aim of the Bill is to amend the Student Loan Scheme Act 2011 ( the Act ) to allow arrest warrants to be issued for persistent student loan defaulters and to provide for other amendments such as extending the power of the Commissioner of Inland Revenue to obtain from third parties the contact details of any borrower and not just a borrower who is in default .
The Bill requires faster repayment from compliant overseas-based borrowers . “ At present , overseas-based borrowers ' payment obligations decrease as their loan balance decreases even though it is likely that their income is increasing . The Bill contains an amendment to ensure that an overseas-based borrower 's repayment obligation does not decrease as his or her loan balance decreases . For approximately 14 % of borrowers ( those who have a student loan balance over $ 50,847 ) , the amount due per year will not exceed the interest charged on their loan . These 14 581 borrowers will continue to see their student loan balance increasing even if they are compliant . The Bill contains an amendment that will increase the repayment obligation of borrowers with loan balances greater than $ 45,000 . This amendment will reduce the percentage of borrowers whose obligation does not cover their interest from 14 % to 3.5 % ” .
The Bill proposes to enable Inland Revenue to request an arrest warrant for borrowers who persistently default on their student loan obligations . This power will send a strong signal to borrowers that non-compliance is unacceptable and create a strong sanction against persistent defaulters .
Main Provisions
Commencement The Bill comes into effect in general , on the day after the date on which it receives the Royal assent . The amendments ( Clause 4 ) dealing with borrowers ' deductions comes into force with retrospective effect on 1 April 2012 . The amendments ( Clause 6 ) relating to overseas-based repayment thresholds come into force on 1 April 2014 . The amendments ( Clause 7 ) relating to late payment penalty fees into force with retrospective effect on 1 April 2013 ( Clause 2 ) .
Overseas repayment obligations The new repayment obligations for overseas-based borrowers are to be prescribed : $ 1,000 per year , if their relevant loan balance is less than or equal to $ 15,000 ; $ 2,000 per year , if their relevant loan balance is more than $ 15,000 but less than or equal to $ 30,000 ; $ 3,000 per year , if their relevant loan balance is more than $ 30,000 but less than or equal to $ 45,000 ; $ 4,000 per year , if their relevant loan balance is more than $ 45,000 but less than or equal to $ 60,000 ; $ 5,000 per year , if their relevant loan balance is more than $ 60,000 ( Part 1 , Clause 6 substituting Section 110 ) .
Arrest warrants The Bill provides for an offence where a borrower is in default of his or her overseas-based repayment obligations and who , having been notified by the Commissioner of Inland Revenue that he or she is in default , knowingly fails , or refuses , to make “ reasonable efforts ” to repay or to make arrangements to repay . If a District Court is satisfied that a person has committed this offence , it may issue an arrest warrant . The arrested person must be brought as soon as possible before a District Court , which may make a range of orders if it is satisfied that the person is about to leave or attempt to leave New Zealand without making reasonable efforts to repay or making arrangements to repay . These orders may : require the borrower to provide security ( before leaving New Zealand ) ; prevent the borrower from leaving New Zealand without the court 's permission ; require the borrower to surrender his or her travel documents or tickets ( Part 1 , Clause 8 , inserting New Sections 162A and 162B into the Act ) .
« Yup ... They Hate Us , And We Are Starting To Hate them Right Back | Main | Tom Brady 's Super Bowl Jersey Stolen ; Might Be Worth $ 500,000 » Oh My : The Federalist Documents The Hysterical Freak-Out Media 's Fake News Stories Since the Election , and It 's Quite a Long List I suggested that someone start documenting not just the fake news but how many times the fake news gets retweeted ( especially by journOlisters , or , as John Ekdahl calls them , the Blue Checkmark Mafia ) , versus how many times the retractions get retweeted . The Federalist has n't counted the journOlisters retweet totals , but they have noted the retweets of the fake news vs retweets of the retractions , as well as the Patient Zero for spreading these Fake News viruses -- which of the Blue Checkmark Mafia legitimized and `` normalized '' the fake story by tweeting it out to their lunatic followers . It 's quite a list . Here 's one I 'm particularly pissed off by . If you 're ever reading a story and you notice it 's by Josh Rogin , stop reading . It 's likely fake news . He spreads fake news , and he does n't like correcting it . On January 26 , the Washington Post 's Josh Rogin published what seemed to be a bombshell report declaring that “ the State Department 's entire senior management team just resigned. ” This resignation , according to Rogin , was “ part of an ongoing mass exodus of senior Foreign Service officers who do n't want to stick around for the Trump era. ” These resignations happened “ suddenly ” and “ unexpectedly. ” He styled it as a shocking shake-up of administrative protocol in the State Department , a kind of ad-hoc protest of the Trump administration . The story immediately went sky-high viral . It was shared nearly 60,000 times on Facebook . Rogin himself tweeted the story out and was retweeted a staggering 11,000 times . Washington Post columnist Anne Applebaum had it retweeted nearly 2,000 times ; journalists and writers from Wired , The Guardian , the Washington Post , Bloomberg , ABC , Foreign Policy , and other publications tweeted the story out in shock . There was just one problem : the story was more a load of bunk . As Vox pointed out , the headline of the piece was highly misleading : “ the word ‘ management ' strongly implied that all of America 's top diplomats were resigning , which was not the case. ” ( The Post later changed the word “ management ” to “ administrative ” without noting the change , although it left the “ management ” language intact in the article itself ) . More importantly , Mark Toner , the acting spokesman for the State Department , put out a press release noting that “ As is standard with every transition , the outgoing administration , in coordination with the incoming one , requested all politically appointed officers submit letters of resignation. ” According to CNN , the officials were actually asked to leave by the Trump administration rather than stay on for the customary transitional few months . The entire premise of Rogin 's article was essentially nonexistent . As always , the correction received far less attention than the fake news itself : Vox 's article , for instance , was shared around 9,500 times on Facebook , less than one-sixth the rate of Rogin 's piece . To this day , Rogin 's piece remains uncorrected regarding its faulty presumptions . I think the Federalist missed an important one -- the Washington Post 's infamously flawed `` Fake News '' story about fake news itself , one which relied upon a `` study '' ( with no specified methodology ) but completely anonymous `` researchers '' with no offered credentials other than that they were claiming what the leftist media desperately longed to be claimed .
posted by Ace at
| Access Comments posted by Ace at 12:16 PM
Recent Comments Recent Entries Search Polls ! Polls ! Polls ! Frequently Asked Questions The ( Almost ) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens Greatest Hitjobs
NEW Network Ten boss Hamish McLennan says there will be no more reality TV flops like The Shire and Being Lara Bingle , ratings disasters which do not reflect what the company is all about .
Announcing a $ 243.3 million half-year loss this morning , Mr McLennan said past decisions to commission the two reality programming stinkers explained the network 's current woes .
Asked what had gone wrong at Ten , Mr McLennan replied : `` It just highlights what The Shire and Lara Bingle did to us - I think we dislocated a lot of the audience and I think it was the type of program that did n't really reflect who we wanted to be . ''
Both shows progressively lost viewers after their debut last year and have been dumped by the network .
Mr McLennan said the broadcaster would move away from targeting an `` extreme '' youth demographic that was `` promiscuous '' in its viewing habits to zone in on the upper end of its revised 18 to 49-year old target audience .
`` We have had a strong extreme youth focus in the past and I think it would be fair to say those viewers are the most promiscuous viewers in the marketplace , '' he said .
`` The extreme youth focus that led to shows like The Shire and Being Lara Bingle being commissioned is not quite right for us .
`` We will always be fun and irreverent , we will always have a younger skew relative to the competition but we might just bump it up a little bit . ''
Ten dumped former chief executive James Warburton in February following a year of low ratings and failed shows .
The network was hit by $ 304 million in one-off costs in the six months to February . It made a $ 14.8 million profit in the same period a year earlier .
Its one-off costs included a non-cash television licence impairment charge of $ 292.1 million and one-off restructuring charges of $ 11.9 million .
Total revenue fell 14 per cent to $ 307.6 million and not interim dividend will be paid .
The broadcaster 's underlying profit for the half-year was $ 6.8 million after non-recurring items .
Shares in the company were up 5 per cent in early trade .
Originally published as Ten vows no more reality flops
The day the box was set to arrive I could n't sit still at my desk ! After waiting patiently for several weeks , I was so thrilled to finally open the box and find ... spIDERS ? ! ? ! ? ! What on earth ? !
After clawing my way through layer after layer of vicious , deadly arachnids , I gazed in awe upon the glory beneath !
My santa had gifted me with a delightful array of British snacks , the likes of which could not be found on my fair continent ! I was overwhelmed with joy !
While most of the snacks contained in the package were unbelievably delicious , as I tasted some of them , I began to understand what my santa meant when they asked me how `` adventurous '' I was !
That aside , thank you , santa , for an exploratory peek into the world of UK snackfoods ! It was an adventure from start to finish !
Short Profile Name : Christopher Michael Pratt
DOB : 21 June 1979
Place of birth : Virginia , Minnesota , USA
Occupation : Actor
Mr. Pratt , did you have any nicknames growing up ?
Monkey boy and rat boy . I think both of them came from my dad . Rat boy because I had huge ears and teeth , the same ears and teeth as I have now , but on a tiny little pinhead . My head did n't really grow until much later and I looked like a rat . Monkey boy… I do n't know where that came from , but my best friend and everybody calls me monkey boy .
What do your parents do ?
My mom is a checker at a grocery store called Safeway . My dad is dead , but he was a construction guy . He worked hard , he was a worker . Worked in the mines and stuff . It 's a good place to come from . You know the value of money . I remember as a kid we had so little money that if someone asked me if I read comic books , I 'd be like , “ No ! Comic books are expensive. ” And they 'd be like , “ What do you mean ? They are three bucks. ” But if you do n't have three bucks then that is expensive ! I know what it is like to not ask for anything . Like , just being smart enough to not even ask . What is the point ? Eventually you stop asking…
You wear your shoes until they have holes in them…
Yeah , three sizes too small , toes sticking out the front . That was the worst . We always had the lamest shoes . And shoes were so important as a kid ! Once I won 85 bucks playing bingo with my mom and I bought a pair of Reebok Pumps . Dude , I wore those shoes for three years . They got so small for me that I had to take a razor and cut the pump out to buy myself some more space . You could still see the basketball on the tongue but there was no pump system in there . I loved those pumps . I always had fucked up shoes . Every year I would get butterflies in my stomach when I see the shoes that I had to wear that year .
Chris Pratt as Andy Dwyer in the TV series Parks and Recreation , confessing his darkest secrets .
Well obviously things are different for you now . Jurassic World recently had the highest-grossing global opening ever and Guardians of the Galaxy was one of the biggest blockbusters of 2014 . How does your family feel about your success ?
You know , it 's pretty weird . My brother is super supportive and always has been . He has hugely shaped who I am today . He gives me shit and keeps me grounded which is nice . But it 's an interesting situation because sometimes it 's the people that are closest to you that it can be the hardest on . They 're like , “ What the fuck dude ? How did you stumble into an awesome acting career when I 'm working 40 hours a week at a job that I do n't necessarily love just to barely keep my head above water ? ” It happened to me and I 'm grateful , but I know that it can be extra hard on people that are closest to me , because it gives you some sort of skewed perspective . It would have been different if I were younger , so I think there is a reason that it 's happening now .
What would that be ?
I 've gleaned enough wisdom through some experiences to understand what is going on a little bit and hopefully not become a huge toolbox through all of this . I think when you are younger and hit a certain level of success you can lose perspective really quickly . I 've struggled enough and it 's been a slow enough growth that I 'm not going to freak out or anything . Hopefully ! We 'll see . Mark my words… “ Chris Pratt found naked high on meth on I-405 claiming he was abducted by aliens. ” We 'll see when I have my mental breakdown . We 'll come back to this interview .
Did n't you live in a van on the beach before you became an actor ?
Yeah . I was a salesman for a couple of years , but I was busted and broke and hated it , so I retired when I was 19 and one of my best friends , still my best friend to this day , bought me a one-way ticket to Maui where he had been living since high school . It is a pretty awesome and epic place to be homeless . It would be different if I lived on the streets of Chicago and ate garbage from the dumpster . We just camped , smoked a bunch of weed , and drank and worked minimal hours , like 15 -20 hours a week , just enough to cover gas and food and fishing supplies . I do n't think it would be so cool if I was 35 and still living there , but it was charming at the time . We were truly living the dream ; it was awesome .
“ I could never have fathomed that I would say no to a paying acting gig . ”
Now you 're married , have a son , and you 're the star of two major Hollywood franchises . Is this living the dream for you at 35 ?
This is getting close , yeah . The dream is always evolving though . Originally the dream was to pay my bills by doing nothing other than acting . I got there and that was great . Then it was great to extend it more and more . Then it was like pay my bills doing nothing but acting , but also do roles that are more than just the douche , the bad guy . Those are the roles that I was originally getting . Then it was to do sidekick roles , and then it was to do comedy and pay my bills doing that . Now I 've crossed over this line where I actually say no to stuff . I could never have fathomed that I would say no to a paying acting gig .
Most actors ca n't afford to .
I would sell dog food , I do n't care . I would do a commercial for fucking herpes medication if you wanted me to – gladly ! Just as long as I did n't have to wait tables again , I was stoked . So the dream was constantly changing and I guess now the dream is something like doing these blockbuster movies and being part of these franchises that I loved growing up , like Jurassic World . And Guardians of the Galaxy is a movie that I would love as an audience member and that I would have loved growing up . And then being able to have some creative control over the stuff that I write and create and also to take some time off and have some time with my son on my own living room couch . That is the dream right now ! It would be so surreal to me to be at home on my couch right now . I 'd be like , “ This is crazy , I ca n't believe this. ” I have n't been home for years .
Composite image . President Donald Trump and a Wertheim Safe , photo by Gryffindor ( Own work ) [ CC BY-SA 3.0 ( https : //creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0 ) or GFDL ( http : //www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html ) ] , via Wikimedia Commons
The effort to shield President Donald Trump from having the public examine his tax returns is resulting in the Internal Revenue Service building a safe for said tax returns , Politico reports .
IRS commissioner John Koskinen told Politico reporter Michael Grunwald of the plan to upgrade the security for Trump 's tax returns .
“ It 's in a locked cabinet in a locked room that nobody 's in . You 'll need a key to the room and the cabinet to get it , ” Koskinen explained . “ We 're in the process of turning that cabinet into a safe . ”
Donald Trump is the only modern presidential candidate who refused to release his tax returns prior to the election . To this day , Trump has maintained his refusal to provide the American people insight into his finances and potential conflicts of interest .
Trump 's failure to release his returns has also complicated his efforts at passing a tax cut , since the public can not predict how much money Trump and his family would benefit from his tax cuts .
The commissioner also warned of the “ collapse ” of the IRS through lack of adequate funding from Congress .
Koskinen also dismissed concerns that President Trump may try to use the IRS to target his enemies , offering unwavering support for the 80,000 career employees in the IRS .
He also offered unwavering support for the United States men 's national soccer team .
“ You know , in my career , I 've been around a lot of failure , and my experience is that people often say , oh , we need to start over . It does n't usually do any good . The U.S. has been in every World Cup since 1990 . The quality of play is light years ahead of where it was . It 's worth thinking hard about what we need to do , but it 's not as if the system is totally broken , ” Koskinen claimed .
The debate over disclosure of a president or would-be president 's health is n't new . But ( not surprisingly ) , because we 're talking about Hillary Clinton , Americans are treating health like a groundbreaking campaign issue . Yesterday , after Secretary Clinton 's episode following the 9/11 memorial service , public outcry erupted , demanding that she publicize details about her health . The Washington Post even got in on the action and published an article , which ended :
“ Sunday morning changed the conversation in the race about Clinton 's health . Or rather it will force Clinton to have a conversation about her health in the race . ”
Initially , it seems perfectly reasonable to declare that a presidential nominee has a “ duty to disclose ” his or her health . But as a general premise , the mere fact that the public has a rabid interest in something does n't , without more , create any duty to disclose . After all , the public would likely have great interest in many sensational and lurid aspects of the lives of both nominees ; but interest alone is insufficient to create an obligation to shed the cloak of privacy .
As a nation , we deeply value our privacy , particularly with respect to health-related information . Since 1996 , we 've had HIPAA , a federal statute that protects the confidentiality of personal medical information . HIPAA is not merely an afterthought within the medical community ; rather , HIPAA regulations are central to the shaping of the pharmaceutical , insurance , and patient-care industries . If we go to such lengths to ensure this privacy , it 's a major departure to declare that anyone must disclose his or her own health information .
Of course , many will be quick to point out that the President of the United States , by virtue of his or her position , has implicitly agreed to give up many of the rights enjoyed by ordinary citizens . That 's certainly true . But even a president 's surrender of rights is not sweeping and unmitigated . And I think if we 're talking about giving up rights , the entitlement to keep the functions of one 's physical body personal should probably be the last to go . Furthermore , from a purely logical standpoint , there 's no greater reason to publicize a presidential candidate 's health than there is to publicize that of other important leaders ; State governors , military generals , cabinet members , and judges also make critical decisions that affect millions of people . If power creates a true duty to disclose , then it does n't stop with Hillary Clinton .
Some will argue that a release of Secretary Clinton 's medical information is uniquely critical , because health information is relevant to voter choice . That 's another argument that sounds valid , but just is n't true on any real level . American voters are n't likely to choose Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton on the basis that he 's less likely to suffer an illness . Hillary 's health may give Trump the opportunity to send out some obnoxious tweets , or for his supporters to scream a new sound bite ; but no one is going to abandon a left-leaning ship to jump on Trump 's raft of insanity over a bout with pneumonia .
A 2004 Gallup Poll addressed exactly the issue of the importance of health information to voters . While 4 in 10 Americans polled supported presidential release of medical records , far fewer indicated that the results would affect their vote :
“ When Americans were asked in late July * * about whether Kerry 's bout with cancer concerned them , 92 % said they were not concerned that this would interfere with his ability to serve . There appears to be a rare instance of bipartisan agreement on this question : Republicans and Democrats appear equally unconcerned that Kerry 's bout with prostate cancer might create problems that affect his ability to serve as commander in chief . ”
The bottom line : we 'd like to know about politician 's medical information . But that 's just because we 're just curious . Conflating the public 's thirst for intimate details with a duty to make those details available is as wrong in this context as it would be in a courtroom . Many a jury would love to hear a juicy backstory , but such craving makes the backstory neither obligatory nor even relevant .
America also has a long history of overlooking serious health conditions when employing a president — Nixon 's depression , Reagan 's four surgeries , Eisenhower 's heart attack and stroke , Roosevelt 's polio , Wilson 's stroke , and Kennedy 's Addison 's Disease – just to call out a few . Generally , we know that physical limitations have no great impact on a president 's ability to lead our nation . Furthermore , the nature of medical information is unique in its likelihood to be misunderstood or interpreted without context . In 2008 , the New England Journal of Medicine published an article warning that the use of Barack Obama 's and John McCain 's health information during the campaign potentially opened the door for even more invasive practices , such as sharing candidates ' DNA information .
“ Genetic information is easy to misinterpret and to misrepresent . Nonetheless , its scientific patina will encourage presidential campaigns to use it to reinforce existing prejudices . Therefore , we think future presidential candidates should resist calls to disclose their own genetic information . We recommend that they also pledge that their campaigns will not attempt to obtain or release genomic information about their opponents… . Using genetic information to disparage opponents has no place in presidential campaigns . ”
Although the debate over Hillary Clinton 's health relates to medical conditions and not genomic information , the concerns are essentially the same ; a call to invade the privacy of a potential president risks our collective privacy as much as it tempts us to misuse the information yielded . In an election where candidates are widely separated ideology , there is no need to create new non-issues on which to judge them . Public zeal to learn about Secretary Clinton 's health borders on the prurient — and while this campaign has normalized the inappropriate to an alarming degree , this would be a good place to take a step back and reflect on what we should be valuing .
This is an opinion piece . The views expressed in this article are those of just the author .
Can the new state budget live up to its hype of fixing Washington 's education woes ?
The plaintiff 's attorney in the Washington Supreme Court 's 2012 McCleary ruling , which requires major improvements in school funding , does not think so .
“ This does not even come close to what the state assured the Supreme Court that the state was going to be doing , ” said Thomas Ahearne , the Seattle attorney who successfully persuaded the court that the state is not meeting its constitutional duty in providing a sufficient basic education for more than 1 million students . In a phone interview with Crosscut , Ahearne said that the state 's funding plan falls far short of what the Supreme Court has ruled is the need for ample funding of all the costs to provide basic education .
State lawmakers and Gov . Jay Inslee have praised the budget deal as a huge victory for schools , students and families . As he was signing the budget , Inslee seemed to suggest everything was in order , saying , “ This budget , at long last , meets our constitutional obligations to fully fund basic education , and addresses the responsibilities we have under the McCleary decision to equitably fund our schools . ”
But , the state government still has to go to the court for a ruling on whether the McCleary mandates have been met . The state government has until July 31 to submit a report to the Supreme Court to prove it has met the requirements of the ruling . Ahearne said the plaintiffs in the case have a month to reply . After that , the Supreme Court decides whether the Legislature did its job this time , but there will be more oral arguments before the court makes its decision .
Tense budget negotiations on the McCleary issue and the overall budget lasted until early morning on June 28 — about two and half months later than when the Legislature should have finished . Most legislators got their first look at the education and overall budgets — 620 pages — early Friday , about 16 hours before a partial government shutdown would have occurred without Gov . Jay Inslee signing the budget . Consequently , most legislators did not have time to read and study the final agreement . Inslee signed the budget 50 minutes before midnight .
“ I hope this is the final step in addressing the McCleary challenge , ” said Sen. John Braun , R-Centralia , and lead Senate GOP budget negotiator , on Friday . Democratic leaders made similar statements .
Ahearne strongly disagreed . “ I do n't think the elected officials are lying . I think they just do n't know what they are talking about , ” he said .
The school funding compromise means that Puget Sound property taxes will significantly increase while rural Washington property taxes will dramatically shrink . This will raise roughly $ 4.1 billion in four years for schools , which will need a total boost of $ 7.3 billion over four years to meet the Supreme Court 's requirements .
The rest of the $ 7.3 billion over four years will come from creating an online sales tax , removing tax breaks on bottled water and a sawmill exemption that was taken over by oil refineries .
The Network for Excellence in Washington Schools — a coalition of about 440 community groups , school districts and education organizations that has supported the plaintiff 's positions in the McCleary litigation for the last several years — took issue with many aspects of the budget deal .
The organization questions the math of calculating the extra $ 7.3 billion in revenue for McCleary improvements over the next four years and whether the budget money kicks in early enough to meet court requirements . The Network also contends that revamping property tax levies is not a legally valid way of addressing the McCleary shortfalls . And it argues that the Supreme Court 's target of one teacher per 17 students in Grades K-3 will not be met on schedule .
The property tax shifts in the school funding plan have drawn questions in the Puget Sound area . Sen. Jamie Pedersen , D-Seattle , called the property tax plan “ a ticking time bomb , ” pointing to limits under state law on property tax growth and the effects of inflation on costs .
Crosscut 's Joe Copeland contributed to this article .
Synth-disco pioneer Giorgio Moroder is making the most of his late-career renaissance . In a recent interview with Clash , he said that on top of the new album he 's working on , he will be making music for a video game with dubstep poster boy Skrillex .
Giorgio Moroder & Kylie Minogue Drop Single 'Right Here , Right Now '
What game ? Tron , of course . Moroder-disciples Daft Punk did the soundtrack for the sequel to the original ; if the French duo were n't feeling the video game , Moroder is a logical second choice .
`` I 'm going to meet Skrillex next week when I 'm back , '' Moroder told Clash . `` We have about five themes , electronic stuff and let 's see if he 's interested in remixing or re-working one of the songs . ''
Giorgio Moroder : Daft Punk 's Disco Don Reflects on His Remarkable Re-Emergence ( Exclusive )
Moroder also revealed he 's working on a major movie soundtrack , would n't say what movie he 'd been tapped for . `` I have an offer to do a big movie . I can not tell you what , but it 's ... not a 150 million dollars but a big movie , big production . So I have to go back into that , it wo n't be easy . I do this with a great musician and a great composer , so we do it together . ''
The most entertaining quote came when he discussed the music for his new album , which will be titled 74 Is The New 24 . `` Somebody said , 'Oh you should do all retro , all disco , ' '' Moroder shared . `` I said no . Disco , I already did . I do n't want to go back . So what I wanted to do was have some electronics -- and since , dare I say , I co-invented it , I have the right to use them -- and then use some elements of disco . ''
Share :
ISLAMABAD - Inter-Services Intelligence Director General Lt-Gen Rizwan Akhtar yesterday skipped a scheduled meeting of the Senate 's Committee of Whole House where he was to appear for an in-camera briefing to the lawmakers on the recent Pak-India tensions .
The senators from the opposition and treasury benches were demanding a briefing from the ISI DG on the situation arsing out of the Uri attack , atrocities committed by Indian forces in Occupied Kashmir and the latest developments on Pak-India escalations .
Senate Chairman Raza Rabbani had especially called the Committee of Whole House meeting on Wednesday for the briefing following an assurance by the ISI DG that he would appear before the Senate body .
An in-camera meeting of the Committee of Whole House was held under the chair of Raza Rabbani . A lawmaker who attended the in-camera sitting said the chairman informed the house that the ISI DG would not be available at Wednesday 's meeting because of his other professional commitments , so another meeting would be fixed for his briefing . He said the ISI chief had informed him about reasons for his unavailability .
Meanwhile , sources in the Senate Secretariat said ISI DG Rizwan Akhtar earlier met with the Senate chairman and both the sides discussed the situation on Pakistan-India tensions . The ISI DG asked the Senate chairman as to what kind of briefing the committee wanted from him . He also informed the chairman of the latest situation with regard to the recent escalation along the Line of Control ( LoC ) . Even modalities had been decided for the briefing , the official sources added . However , Lt-Gen Rizwan , later , conveyed to the chairman that he would not come because of his unavailability in the capital on Wednesday .
An opposition lawmaker , wishing anonymity , confirmed the Senate chairman , at a lunch after the meeting of the Committee of Whole House , affirmed the ISI DG had met him . “ We generally believe top military brass is either reluctant to face questions of lawmakers or they do n't want to appear before the parliamentary committees , ” he said .
Mian Raza Rabbani , however , made it clear that any inference drawn from the DG 's unavailability would be wrong as he had got a positive response from him . The chair also said the ISI chief could not appear for genuine reasons , the legislator said .
The Committee of Whole House yesterday discussed the report of the 13-member body on draft policy guidelines to the government for adopting a robust strategy on the latest situation developing between India and Pakistan . The report was presented before the meeting .
The report has proposed to the government to adopt an aggressive policy against India and leave its apologetic behaviour towards the neighbouring country . It has also asked the government to activate Pakistani missions abroad to tell the world about aggressive designs of India . It has also asked for a permanent appointment of foreign affairs minister because without it Kashmir issue could not be raised properly at international level .
Asking the government to activate its policy on Held Kashmir , the 13-member committee proposed to the government to form Kashmir desks at foreign missions . It has also asked the government to contact secular parties of India for border de-escalation and other issues .
In the meeting of the Whole House held last Thursday , it had been decided to form a committee to prepare draft policy guidelines . PPP Senator Farhatullah Babar , who is also one of the 13 members of the drafting committee , said the draft report had not so far been finalised and another meeting of the Whole Committee would be summoned next week .
Defence Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif , Adviser to PM on Foreign Affairs and the defence secretary had briefed the committee in the meeting held on September 29 on the latest developments between India and Pakistan and the steps taken by the government in this regard .
The Senate chairman had referred the matter of Pakistan-India tensions to the Whole Committee following the demand of the lawmakers who wanted a detailed briefing from the civilian and military leadership on the issue .
The assault on women 's healthcare in the effort to legally limit women 's reproductive rights is fast becoming the defining element of election 2012 . Republican presidential candidates have been racing to see who can support the most regressive idea . Congressional leaders like Darrell Issa are holding all-male hearings on contraception , and the state of Virginia just passed , then rescinded , a law forcing women seeking abortions to undergo invasive tests .
In the cross hairs : Planned Parenthood , the 91-year-old organization that provides birth control , cancer screening , STD testing and abortions to 3 million women a year , from 750 clinics in 49 states . In the last month , Planned Parenthood was again in the headlines when the Susan G. Komen Foundation announced it would n't fund Planned Parenthood anymore , then reversed itself .
Advertisement :
Salon sat down with Planned Parenthood 's president , Cecile Richards , to talk about how American politics reached the point where access to not just abortion , but to birth control , suddenly became a priority in the national political debate .
Women 's reproductive health issues seem to be defining issues this election year . Did you see this coming ?
No . Somehow the Republican primary has become this race to the bottom on women 's issues . They have been trying to outdo themselves . And they are going to wake up in November and realize that the majority of voters are women .
Why do you think this is happening ?
After the 2010 elections we saw this total realignment of Congress and legislatures , based on reproductive issues . People had been elected on the basis of anger about this enormous economic dislocation . But what we saw was that the House of Representatives was then two-thirds anti-choice . This was not a topic at all in the election . Yet , as soon as they were sworn in , they did n't focus on jobs , the economy or foreclosures , but the first legislation they introduced was about abortion and healthcare . One of the first bills the House passed was to completely eliminate Planned Parenthood funding .
As a former Democratic strategist , what do you make of this phenomenon ?
Advertisement :
I think the other issues really take some thought and energy to solve . And it 's a cheap shot to go after women . We are seeing this enormous overreach that the government should be in every part of women 's lives . And we are seeing people across the country saying , `` OK , enough is enough . How do you put politics in front of breast cancer screening ? ''
Did the Komen funding controversy change the way you do business ?
The great news for us is that millions of people now know we are a major provider of preventive care including breast and cervical cancer screenings for 700,000 women a year . We heard from men and women across the country , that they they could n't believe groups were putting politics ahead of healthcare . We were very pleased to get support from Lance Armstrong 's Livestrong , for example .
Do you expect to get more Komen funding going forward ?
Advertisement :
That happens at the local level . We are very pleased to be working with them again . Their money goes to our local doctors and screeners . I am quite encouraged . It opens some doors .
Since the 2010 elections lawmakers have introduced more than 1,000 reproductive health bills . Why ? And what is Planned Parenthood doing ?
I think there was a feeling that women would never object , that we would just take what was dished out . Unfortunately , women are not represented equally in these legislatures .
Advertisement :
But , I think we are seeing a real backlash against these efforts against women 's health . We saw the U.S. Senate reject the House 's efforts to end funding for Planned Parenthood . And we gained more than a million new supporters during those months .
Then you see in Mississippi , the most conservative state in the country by practically any measure , that this Personhood measure , which every major Republican presidential candidate has endorsed , was overwhelmingly rejected . People in this country do n't want government intruding into personal and family decisions .
How many of the 1,000 anti-choice measures are becoming law ?
Advertisement :
A lot of them . I was just in my home state of Texas . The Legislature had just ended family planning and basic preventive care for 300,000 women in Texas . And Gov . Perry was out bragging that he closed 11 Planned Parenthood centers . These were all along the Rio Grande and they only provided preventive care , no abortions at all . Here he is out bragging and women in the state are paying the price .
Do you have Republicans on your board or supporting Planned Parenthood ?
We have tons of Republicans . The great irony is a lot of our Planned Parenthoods were started by Republicans . Mrs. Barry Goldwater in Arizona . Richard Nixon signed the first family planning law into effect : the one that Mr. Romney has pledged to eradicate , the one that serves 5 million American women a year . That was signed into law by Nixon . Among Republicans , there is a history of support for access to healthcare and rejection of the intrusive laws being passed by the more extreme members of the party now . The sad thing is , traditional Republicans are being threatened and bullied by the folks in their own party .
You just handed me a Planned Parenthood candidate questionnaire that Mitt Romney signed in 2002 , answering `` yes '' to the questions of whether he supported Roe v. Wade and access for poor women to abortion . What has happened to him ?
Advertisement :
It 's very tough to be a moderate Republican and stay in office . Ten years ago Mitt Romney was trying to get the Planned Parenthood endorsement . Today , as a leading candidate for president , he has pledged to completely eliminate Planned Parenthood , to end the family planning program , and he has endorsed the Personhood amendment . He is unrecognizable from when he was governor . That is a very good example of how extreme the Republican primary system has gotten . The thought we would have a major candidate running for president in America that wants to end family planning is just extraordinary .
Romney is the moderate . Santorum leans a bit farther over the edge .
It is extraordinary that someone wants to be president of the United States who has absolutely no regard for women and women 's ability to make any decisions about personal healthcare . What 's disheartening is every time he moves to the right , Mitt Romney moves with him . What 's really of concern for women is that these guys ca n't be trusted .
What did you make of Darrell Issa 's all-male panel on contraceptives and the Affordable Care Act , saying the issue is about liberty , not women .
Advertisement :
Well , I do n't think Mr. Issa has ever taken birth control . Where they are totally missing the boat is that women in America do n't see birth control as a social issue . It 's a health care issue . The average American woman spends five years getting pregnant and having kids and then she spends an average of 30 years trying not to get pregnant . So trying to prevent an unintended pregnancy is a lifelong pursuit for women . Birth control is a basic healthcare issue and it 's an economic issue . Many women will save $ 600 a year from this [ Affordable Care ] benefit alone . I ca n't say it enough : 99 percent of women in America , if they have ever been sexually active , use birth control . And 98 percent of Catholic women use birth control . This is just not a controversial topic !
Did you predict that they would go after this benefit ?
We worked for the passage because we knew it would be good for women . But I have been stunned to see that the Republican Party has taken up as the issue they want to be working on in Congress : ending birth control . I look around me and see all the things this country needs . And the thought that they make that their priority is astounding , . This is why people have so little regard for Congress now . People ask : What are they doing to help me in my daily life ? And for women who do n't have time for politics , who are raising their kids , trying to put dinner on the table , working two jobs , that 's money I can use for groceries ? And now , men are talking to other men about how they can get rid of this benefit for women .
Are we living in regressive times for women in the U.S. right now ?
Advertisement :
I do think in the last 12 months it is literally a tale of two cities . On one hand , there are enormous opportunities for women , getting preventive care covered . On the other hand , there are political forces trying to take us back to the 1950s .
When you arrived in 2006 , you said , “ I feel like we need to go into the 21st century . Clearly , we are going to get there kicking and screaming. ” Still , 87 percent of U.S. counties have no abortion provider . That 's not progress , is it ?
We 've made a lot of progress . We are really seeing change in the coming generation . I hear from a lot of people saying , oh we fought so hard in the 1960s and young people do n't appreciate how far we have come . But I think in the last year we have seen young people engage in a way they never have before . When the House voted to end our funding , we saw young people , including young men , all across the country on college campuses , get involved . We signed up more than a million new activists and supporters . During the Komen thing , we had literally 1.3 million tweets -- an explosion ! These are young people . And we are seeing young men take these issues on , they are not just women 's issues . They ca n't imagine going back to a time when birth control was an issue .
But PP will always be a target for the pro-lifers .
Advertisement :
Yes . They want to end all access to safe and legal abortion . Planned Parenthood does more to prevent unintended pregnancy than any organization . It 's unconscionable that the U.S. has the highest rate of unintended and teen pregnancy in the industrial world . There is so much we can do in this country to prevent that . I have been so disturbed to read the things that Mr Romney is saying , because I feel surely he must know better , this is a country where there is a lot we can do to improve people 's lives , instead of making women 's healthcare a political issue .
Do you foresee a time when women wo n't be fighting to protect basic reproductive rights ?
I think there is always going to be a part of society that is trying to keep women back , but I think we are making progress . Ninety-five years ago Margaret Sanger was arrested for handing out not birth control , but information about birth control . Last year we saw 30 million people online looking for information about birth control . We are making progress .
Shashi Tharoor is comparing China 's `` orderly authoritanianism '' to India 's `` choatic democracy '' . He sees that China , despite its enviable development and growth at `` breakneck speed '' , its people are not `` free to choose '' their own leaders . Conversely , Indians enjoy free election . So in the end `` India 's model may well stand up better in the long run '' .
It looks as though Indians are obsessed with China and constantly compare it with their country , while China is never fixated on India . It 's true that Chinese leaders have the free hand to govern top-down , while Indian leaders can not do what they want , without being `` held back '' by their own people . The flipside of grassroots democracy is that the bottom-up process moves at a snail 's pace .
Tharoor is taking a look at Daniel A . Bell 's new book on `` The China Model : Political Meritocracy and the Limits of Democracy '' to find out whether it is `` a viable model of governance , possibly even superior to the democracy of India and the West '' . In the world of political sciences , it is easy to divide the world into `` good '' democracies and `` bad '' authoritarian regimes . Yet the Chinese political model does not `` fit neatly '' in either category .
According to Bell , the `` one person , one vote '' as a way of choosing top leaders may not be optimal , arguing that Chinese-style political meritocracy could help to remedy the key flaws of electoral democracy . Does he have in mind to urge the Indians to examine their devotion to democracy ? Tharoor is highly critical of China 's ideals of political meritocracy , which set the standard for evaluating `` progress or regress '' in politics . He also contradicts Bell 's perception that China 's model be the most important political development of the twenty-first century .
This political meritocracy in China tells us that all its leaders rise through the ranks of the Communist Party . An outsider like will have zero chance to make it to the top , unlike Barack Obama in the US or India 's Narendra Modi . Bell is a Confucianist and he argues vigorously for meritocratic governance , saying popular democracies can not solve our most vexing problems . Our current systems of government may not be perfect . There is both good and bad about them , because lessons can be learned , and mistakes can possibly be avoided . It 's unclear how China 's hybrid political regime , with a democratic meritocracy , that is morally desirable and politically stable , be a model for the wider world . So , India 's fear that its role as the world 's largest democracy will diminish any time soon , is unfounded .
As noted earlier , following a feverish push by Congress and Hillary Clinton to scapegoat Mylan , and its CEO , Heather Bresch , as “ greedy ” examples of corporatism ( even though it is not Mylan 's fault it is a de facto monopoly and thus has unlimited pricing ability ) , the EpiPen maker on Thursday announced plans to boost access to its EpiPen Auto-Injector by expanding already existing programs for patients who are facing higher out-of-pocket costs . The company is reducing the cost of EpiPens through the use of a savings card which will cover up to $ 300 for the EpiPen 2-Pak .
“ We recognize the significant burden on patients from continued , rising insurance premiums and being forced increasingly to pay the full list price for medicines at the pharmacy counter , ” Bresch said in a statement . “ Patients deserve increased price transparency and affordable care , particularly as the system shifts significant costs to them . ”
Bresch – whose compensation has increased by 671 % from $ 2.5 million in 2007 to $ 18.9 million in 2015 – then appeared on CNBC where she took her defence to the public . Here , she correctly noted that while corporate profitability is an issue , and Mylan 's price hikes most certainly are not limited only to EpiPen…
…price is only one part of the problem that Mylan is addressing according to its CEO . “ All involved must also take steps to help meaningfully address the U.S. health care crisis , ” she said , “ and we are committed to do our part to drive change in collaboration with policymakers , payors , patients and health care professionals . ”
In other words , the company is at fault , but so is the system .
Bresch told CNBC that the healthcare system is in crisis , causing the patient to pay for full retail prices at the drug counter and rising premiums on their health insurance , noting that “ only in healthcare ” you could have paid $ 25 yesterday at a pharmacy counter one day and up are paying $ 600 , $ 1000 , $ 2000 the next day .
“ No one 's more frustrated than me , ” she said , and then she made a stark warning going to the heart of the problem : stating just how broken the US healthcare system – which allowed Mylan to charge as much as it did in the first place – truly is :
“ My frustration is , the list price is $ 608 . There is a system . I laid out that there are four or five hands that the product touches , and companies that it goes through before it ever gets to that patient at the counter . Everyone should be frustrated . I 'm hoping that this is an inflection point for this country . Our healthcare is in a crisis , it 's no different than the mortgage financial crisis back in 2007 . This bubble is going to burst . ”
Which , incidentally , is what we expected yesterday would happen : having been attacked by the same government whose regulations allowed her to charge as much as she does for Mylan drugs , she did the only rational thing possible : take the fight to where it should be waged , namely in Congress .
At the end of the day , the truth is inbetween : there is corporate greed which is ultimately capitalism 's fundamental profit motive , and then there is Congress , which is happy to collect hundreds of millions in lobby funding from the pharma industry , which generated unprecedented returns on its bribes to politicians .
Today 's crackdown on Mylan may have kicked the can , but absolutely nothing has been fixed , which is why Bresch is absolutely right : sooner or later the bubble will burst , but until then it will be covered by the only way the US government knows : with even more debt .
Her full interview with CNBC is below :
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports , analyses , breaking news and videos ( Click for details ) .
Contributed by Tyler Durden of Zero Hedge .
On a long enough timeline the survival rate for everyone drops to zero .
The Bills are 6-6 but mired in internal turmoil and dissension again , and Rex Ryan 's tenure at coach is believed to be nearing an end , according to sources with knowledge of the situation .
It would take an overwhelming performance down the stretch for Ryan to be back in 2017 , the sources said , and he could be out as soon as Monday , depending on the team 's results against Pittsburgh .
Quarterback Tyrod Taylor is losing the support of the front office and could soon be benched as well .
Ryan 's relationship with general manager Doug Whaley and other Bills executives has always been rocky , and that has continued through this season . The front office continues to maintain that the team has superior talent than the results indicate , a message that has been repeated to owner Terry Pegula regularly .
The Ryan/Whaley relationship is not tenable long term , which ownership is aware of , and a lopsided loss to the Steelers on Sunday might be enough to spur an in-season coaching change , sources said . Regardless , Ryan would have to win his remaining games or come close to it to secure a return next season , given the strained relationships and behind-the-scenes foibles of Ryan 's regime .
`` I 'd say I 'm 95 percent sure Rex is gone by the end of the season , '' said one source who has been in contact with Pegula and other Bills brass , `` and he could be out as soon as Monday . ''
Furthermore , sources said the club 's decisions-makers are intrigued to see rookie Cardale Jones -- a raw quarterback but a dynamic athlete with considerable upside who was selected in the same round as Dak Prescott -- play this season , and it 's virtually certain the team will not be picking up Taylor 's 2017 option .
The Bills gave Taylor close to $ 8 million in new money this season as part of a revamped contract that includes a five-year option . If Taylor is on the roster on March 11 , it would trigger $ 31 million in new guaranteed money . Sources said the Bills will not pick up that option , and , if they were to make a coaching change , they would likely change starting quarterbacks as well .
`` Unless Tyrod turns into Russell Wilson the last four weeks -- and that 's if he 's even playing all four weeks -- then he 's not going to get that option , '' said one source with knowledge of the situation .
Ryan is in his second year with the club , and the decision to hire his brother Rob as defensive coordinator has not been well received . Rex Ryan made significant changes to his staff after a 2015 season in which the Bills fell well short of the coach 's playoff talk , and that bled into this season , when offensive coordinator Greg Roman was fired mere weeks into the season . The Bills ' passing game remains limited , and the secondary -- thought to be one of the team 's strengths -- has struggled while top paid defenders like Marcell Dareus and Jerry Hughes have slumped or been absent , injured or suspended .
Sources said Pegula seems to have cooled on the idea of bringing in a senior vice president of football operations of some sort -- he 's considered Bill Polian for such a position in the past and spoke to Tom Coughlin earlier this season -- and Whaley has formed a strong bond with ownership . It seems unlikely the Bills would make major changes in football operations , though a brutal finish could conceivably alter that landscape as well .
“ On the goddess Kotamma temple woollen market way there is a rocky roof shelter for shepherds and sheep to stay at night up to morning. ” This innocuous sounding statement could actually be a revolutionary find linking the adivasi Gond tribe to the Indus Valley civilisation , which flourished between 2500 B.C . and 1750 BC .
The sentence emerged after a set of 19 pictographs from a cave in Hampi were deciphered using root morphemes of Gondi language , considered by many eminent linguists as a proto Dravidian language . Eleven of the Hampi pictographs resemble those of the civilisation , according to Dr. K.M . Metry , Head and Dean , Social Sciences , Kannada University , Hampi ; Dr. Motiravan Kangali , a linguist and expert in Gondi language and culture from Nagpur , Maharashtra ; and his associate Prakash Salame , also an expert in Gondi .
They were in Utnoor to participate in the 4th National workshop on standardisation of Gondi dictionary when they spoke to The Hindu about their study of the pictographs . Though the ‘ discovery ' is yet to be authenticated , Dr. Metry and his associates are very optimistic about their work .
“ Instead of looking at the painting from an archaeological or purely linguistic point of view , we took the cultural way to decipher the pictographs . Gondi culture being totemic , has a lot of such symbols also associated with Ghotul schools , ” said Dr. Metry .
“ Gondi is a proto Dravidian language and gives enough scope for studying the pictographs though its root morphemes , ” observed Dr. Kangali . “ Application of the root morphemes helped us in deciphering the 19 pictographs , ” he added .
If the discovery stands the scrutiny of experts in the field , it would mean that the Gonds living in central and southern India could have migrated from the Indus Valley civilisation . “ Meanwhile , we will continue with our work applying it to other paintings in the Hampi area to establish a Gondi-Harappan link , ” the Professor said .
While you might expect George H.W . Bush to regard his son 's presidency fondly , a new biography reveals otherwise .
Over a decade since the US-led invasion of Iraq , George W. Bush has his fair share of detractors . Held largely responsible for destabilizing the Middle East , Bush and the chief architects of his administration – namely Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense chief Donald Rumsfeld – may not be remembered well by history .
© AP Photo / RON EDMONDS All in The Family : George W. Bush to Headline Campaign Event for Jeb
According to book about former President George H.W . Bush , compiled from a series of interviews , the 41st president has harsh words for his son 's administration , as well .
In the book , he criticizes W. Bush 's `` hot rhetoric , '' in particular the 2002 speech in which the president described Iraq , Iran , and North Korea as comprising an `` Axis of Evil . '' The elder Bush said the speech contained comments `` that might be historically proved to be no benefitting anything . ''
Rumsfeld did n't fare much better . Bush described him as an `` arrogant fellow '' who `` served the president badly . ''
`` I do n't like what he did , and I think it hurt the president having his iron-ass view of everything , '' he said . `` There 's a lack of humility , a lack of seeing what the other guys think . ''
© AP Photo / Cliff Owen He 's Baaack ! White House Goes After Dick Cheney Over Iran Deal Criticism
Cheney , who served as Secretary of Defense under George H.W . Bush 's administration , is also described as a bull-headed `` iron-ass . ''
`` Just iron-ass , '' Bush said . `` His seeming knuckling under to the real hard-charging guys who want to fight about everything , use force to get our way in the Middle East .
`` [ Cheney ] had his own empire there and marched to his own drummer . He just became very hard-line and very different from the Dick Cheney I knew and worked with . ''
Still , the elder Bush stressed it was ultimately the president 's responsibility to reign in the influence of the vice president .
`` It 's not Cheney 's fault , it 's the president 's fault , '' he said . `` The buck stops there . ''
The timing of the book is sure to complicate things for Jeb Bush , currently running a floundering presidential campaign of his own . Confronted with questions over the legacy of his brother 's administration , Jeb has already proven to be almost blindingly loyal . Defending the invasion of Iraq has n't gone over well with an electorate still weary of engagement in foreign wars .
Another interesting tidbit from the new book is a story about one individual who pursued the idea of becoming George H.W . Bush 's vice president before Dan Quayle was chosen . That individual ? A young Donald Trump .
According to the book , Bush found that idea `` strange and unbelievable . ''
Hayden Long ( WEWS )
An Ohio teenager took his own life after school officials and police “ verbally attacked ” him for smelling like marijuana when they arrived at their homecoming dance .
Hayden Long , a 16-year-old sophomore quarterback , was found dead Monday at his home in Geneva , and his friend wrote a letter blaming the high school quarterback 's suicide on school administrators and police officers who repeatedly said his life was ruined over the infraction , reported WPMT-TV .
Hank Sigel , who admitted he also faced discipline over the pot accusations , posted the open letter online , where it was shared widely across social media .
He was among six teens , who he described as athletes and honor students , accused of smoking marijuana before the dance and questioned by two Geneva High School administrators and an off-duty police officer .
“ I was exposed to some things that I would never want to see again when I was in the room where we were taken , ” Siegel said in the letter . “ We were questioned without our parents , and they forcibly took my keys and searched my car . When I stood up for myself and asked if they had the right to do this , I was told , ‘ It 's cute you think you know your rights . ' ”
Sheriff William Johnson said Ohio law does not require parents to be present when questioning juveniles , and he pointed out that the school principal and an athletic coach were present .
The sheriff said the teens admitted to smoking marijuana , and some of them had drug paraphernalia on them .
The teen said the students faced a two-week suspension from school , possible criminal charges , suspension from all sports and a loss of drivers ' licenses .
Principal Douglas Wetherholt , Assistant Principal Tony Markijohn and Geneva Police Officer Gonzalez verbally harangued the students , Sigel said — and he said the adults blew the infraction out of proportion to its actual severity .
“ He was directly told that he had ruined his life by our school administrators , Sigel said . “ The students were told that they would fail their classes , had ruined their academic careers and had made the biggest mistake of their lives . A minor event was turned into a life-changing catastrophe by these negligent and vicious men . ”
Sigel called for the administrators to be fired , saying “ these are repeat offenders , and have been antagonizing and trying to bring our students down for years . ”
The teen 's mother signed off on the letter , first apologizing to Long 's family if their efforts hurt them in any way — but she joined her son 's call for the administrators to be fired .
“ The administration needs to accept responsibility for this tragedy , ” said Heather Sigel . “ Impressionable teenagers should not be treated like hardened criminals . ”
Superintendent Eric Kujala called Long 's death “ a shock , ” and the school canceled its football game Friday and would have counselors on hand for students .
Kujala said there were no plans for a memorial service , saying officials wanted to allow Long 's family to grieve privately .
The superintendent also said a petition calling for Wetherholt and Markijohn 's firing , which has drawn more than 4,500 signatures , complicated the school 's efforts to memorialize Long .
The school released a statement Tuesday saying that Long 's parents “ in no way blame the school system and are offended that some others are speaking for them . ”
Watch this video report posted online by WEWS-TV :
It 's pretty tough for a kid to comprehend backward decisions made by adults .
Back in grade school in my home state of Virginia , we spent the first half of January learning about the accomplishments of the Rev . Martin Luther King Jr. His dream of racial harmony was meant inspire both the little black boys and black girls as well as the little white boys and white girls in my class .
He was the personification of national unity .
Yet on the third Monday of January , we `` celebrated '' Lee-Jackson-King Day , with Confederate generals Robert E. Lee and Thomas Jonathan `` Stonewall '' Jackson somehow receiving top billing over the civil-rights icon .
I could n't wrap my head around it . How could we celebrate a man who gave his life for black liberty on the very same day we honor generals who shed blood in defiance of that ?
It 's counterproductive at best and downright petty at worst . A fifth-grader could see that .
I know . I was that fifth-grader .
Thirty years later it still makes no sense .
Although my home state rightfully decided to separate the Lee-Jackson and King celebrations in 2000 , here in Alabama , King still shares billing with Lee .
It 's long past time for Alabama to follow Virginia 's lead and split the observances .
Yes , I know Lee 's and King 's birthdays are in close proximity -- Lee was born Jan. 19 , 1807 ; King was born Jan. 15 , 1929 . And it 's a fact that Lee 's birthday has been celebrated since1889 , well before King 's holiday was signed into law in 1983 . But it 's also true that instead of having this new holiday `` forced '' upon them by the federal government , Southern states dug in their heels , proclaiming their rights to make their own holidays . The result was King 's commemoration being half-heartedly attached to Lee 's like a dusty Post-It note .
Essentially , it 's the age-old game of Southern states needlessly thumbing their nose at the feds - the same bull-headedness that continues to make Alabama look spiteful and archaic in the eyes of the nation and downright insensitive to its own residents .
And you thought Roy Moore had cornered the market on obstinacy .
Confederate supporters have long claimed that the Civil War was n't about race , it was about rights - state 's rights in particular . They 're absolutely correct . However , those `` rights '' included continuing the institution of slavery , a system that categorized me as subhuman , unworthy of education , property or basic respect .
The rights I 'd rather celebrate are the ones championed by Dr. King , whose vision of equality bridged the gaps spawned by Jim Crow . King 's legacy strengthened the America dream - life , love and liberty now are attainable no matter your levels of melanin . That 's worth celebrating .
Besides , there 's already a Confederate holiday in April . Go knock yourself out .
Ask any grade schooler what MLK means to them . I bet they 'll speak on King 's love for mankind , possibly quote his thunderous `` I Have A Dream '' speech , or simply proclaim that he 's a great man worth admiring .
Then try to explain why we should honor that legacy with one that completely contradicts it .
You ca n't because it does n't make sense . Even a child can recognize that .
A bloody purge in North Korea following the sudden death of leader Kim Jong-il late last year saw barbaric methods including mortar rounds used to execute high-ranking military officials , a South Korean government source said Wednesday .
`` When Kim Jong-un became North Korean leader following the mourning period for his father in late December , high-ranking military officers started disappearing , '' the source said . `` From information compiled over the last month , we have concluded that dozens of military officers were purged . '' The source added Kim Jong-un ordered loyal officials to `` get rid of '' anyone caught misbehaving during the mourning period for Kim Jong-il .
But contrary to reports that an assistant chief of the Ministry of the People 's Armed Forces was put in front of a firing squad for being drunk during the mourning period , he was executed using a mortar round in line with Kim 's orders to leave `` no trace of him behind , down to his hair . ''
The source said the official was placed on the spot where the round would hit , and the grisly execution obliterated him .
Besides the assistant chief and an assistant chief of the General Staff Department , frontline commanders were also executed , the source said .
Kim Jong-il also purged dissenters after the death of his father Kim Il-sung in 1994 . Even those caught for minor infractions were executed by a firing squad .
But Kim Jong-un 's methods appear even more brutal . A source familiar with Nor th Korea said , `` It appears that the loyalty pledged by the military did not satisfy the young leader , who is sensitive about his age . '' Kim junior is 28 or 29 .
The source said the drastic measures may have been proposed by Kim 's confidant Kim Jong-gak ( 62 ) , the first deputy director of the General Political Bureau of the North Korean People 's Army .
“ Is there a card you 've always wanted to do ? ” That 's the question Ben Lavender asked me a few weeks ago at the Star City Games Invitational in Indianapolis . As long as I have been altering cards , I have always wanted to paint a Black Lotus or a Mox . That was my answer . Sure , I 've painted Force of Wills , an Imperial Seal , a Library of Alexandria , even a Timetwister . But a Lotus has always been missing from my achievements list .
“ I 'll send you mine , ” Ben said .
Well , then , ask and ye shall receive ! Over the following weeks , I kept in touch with Ben , as it was undecided what would go on the card . I had seen a few altered Lotuses in the past , but they tended to be modest adjustments—extending the original art or adding minor elements to conceal damage . Whatever we decided on , I wanted it to be my most ambitious piece yet .
Initially , I researched some Asian source imagery . It fit the Lotus thematically , and I 've always been a fan of Japanese prints that came out of the nineteenth century . When I could n't settle on an image that fit compositionally , I looked for other ideas . Art Nouveau was the answer . Another product of the late nineteenth century , Art Nouveau was elegant , ornate , and often incorporated flora and other plant life . It was perfect for the Lotus .
I spent some time looking at the work of Alphonse Mucha , Art Nouveau master . After settling on some images , I mocked the whole thing up and ran it past Ben . He was sold , and I was beginning to get excited . New challenges excite me . I knew I would be able to pull off the elaborate design , but it was certainly going to be a test of my endurance if nothing else .
Let 's start with an image of the card in question , an Unlimited Black Lotus with a pretty nice marker job .
As per my usual , I laid down a base coat of gray mixed from normal white and black liquid acrylic . I was especially careful at this step to eliminate any bumps or ridges that appeared in the primer . Any underlying imperfections would have shown up in the final product , and it 's the smallest details that separate the good work from the great .
After that , I took my time laying down the pencil work using a carbon transfer of the image I mocked up earlier .
Then it was a matter of cleaning up some of the primer and inking over the graphite . This not only lent definition to the finished product , but practically speaking , also prevented smearing away the layout throughout the remaining painting process .
Moving along into the real painting , the next thing I needed to do was lay down some thin color over everything . Limiting myself to multiple thin coats helps to achieve vibrant colors that maintain a smooth finish . This is especially true for reds , yellows , and skin tones , because those colors tend to be very translucent and streak in single coats .
I 've spoken in the past about compartmentalizing ambitious projects . I find this incredibly important when attempting to produce quality pieces , as it 's easy to get lost or lazy and hurriedly try to finish the work . I took the same approach here . With the base color down , I focused on the figure and the wheel behind her .
With another thin layer finished , I proceeded working from top to bottom , this time focusing primarily on the background .
From there , I further built up the tone of the figure and worked on the small details of the mosaic wheel . This left only a fair amount of work on the woman , mainly her facial features , and a crazy amount of outlining . Normally , I use permanent ink microns for this sort of work , but in the case of the Lotus , I limited myself to the brush . Brushes can be unwieldy and take longer , but they also offer width and color variation . Clearly , this project was worth spending the extra time .
Finally , the finished product :
A total of fourteen hours elapsed over the course of this alter , easily the most time I 've ever spent on a card . When it comes to altering , my focus has always been on quality . As I mentioned previously , I love presenting myself with new painting challenges . They 're not only motivating , but also elevate the craft to a higher level . The same competitive spirit that attracts me to Magic also pushes me to try and be the best alterer out there . While I 'm not arrogant enough to say I 'm there yet , the bar has certainly been raised for me . And I ca n't wait to set it higher !
As always , thanks for reading . I love offering people painting advice , so feel free to contact me with any questions you may have . Cheers to Ben for making this project possible . Until next time !
Eric Klug
eaklug at gmail dot com
@ klug_alters on Twitter
klugalters.blogspot.com
She found lust in a hopeless place ! Rihanna has one seriously sexy new piece of arm candy in the form of Leonardo DiCaprio .
The two stars , who have been flirting and orchestrating occasional meetups for months , took their fling to the next level this past week when they spent Valentine 's Day weekend together . The `` FourFiveSeconds '' singer , 26 , was spotted with the Wolf of Wall Street actor in New York City .
PHOTOS : Rihanna Through the Years
On Friday , Feb. 13 , Rih and DiCaprio did a little clubbing , hitting celeb-happy Manhattan hotspots 1 OAK and Up & Down . They continued their sexy weekend the next night when they both attended Paul McCartney 's secret concert at the downtown venue Irving Plaza .
`` They were whispering and staring into each other 's eyes , '' an insider tells Us Weekly exclusively of the pair 's get-together at the the show , adding that they were standing very close to one another as they took in the music and slipped out quietly together halfway through the show .
PHOTOS : Leonardo DiCaprio 's Ladies
After ending her volatile on-again , off-again relationship with Chris Brown in 2013 , the Grammy winner was linked to Drake and Matt Kemp . Rihanna started dating Brown in 2007 and rekindled with him multiple times , but has chosen not to get into a serious relationship since .
For his part , DiCaprio was most recently dating model Toni Garrn , whom he split from late last year . His exes — all of them supermodels , of course — include Erin Heatherton , Bar Refaeli , and Gisele Bundchen .
PHOTOS : Rihanna 's Red Carpet Style Evolution
`` He thinks she 's incredibly hot , '' a second source tells Us of DiCaprio 's feelings for Rihanna , and adds that they 're looking for the same no-strings fling . `` Like him , she 's not looking for a relationship ! ''
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news , hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox !
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone ? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now !
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Premier Brad Wall has personally invested in three of the oil companies he is trying to lure to Saskatchewan .
His public disclosure statements show he has investments in Whitecap Resources and five other oil companies .
Earlier this week a letter Wall sent to Whitecap offering a package to move to Saskatchewan was released publicly .
The offer from Wall outlines how the province could help move the company : “ including costs associated with prematurely terminated leases ” , tax incentives , assistance in finding office space ( “ including the potential of leveraging existing government office buildings ” ) and “ help with other hurdles as you define them and as can reasonably be offered . ”
Combined , Wall and his wife Tami have 1,826 shares in Whitecap worth $ 18,842 as of March 30 .
That represents 37.3 per cent of their total $ 50,466 in energy holdings , primarily in a registered retirement savings plan and a locked-in retirement plan .
Saskatchewan 's Conflict of Interest Commissioner Ron Barclay was asked to look into the matter by Wall .
He wrote in his decision , “ the only way for you and your wife to benefit from the offer is if the actual relocation of the three companies on the terms outlined in the offer actually increases the publicly traded share value ” and that “ there does not appear to be any evidence that such a relocation , if it even occurred , could plausibly increase the share price . ”
Barclay concluded that he can “ state you are not in breach of the Members ' Conflict of Interest Act . ”
Whitecap has also made significant donations to Wall 's Saskatchewan Party . From 2009 to 2015 , the company donated $ 11,312.52 .
A lengthly statement from Wall 's office said the party receives donations from thousands of individuals and corporations .
It also said Wall has sent letters to several other companies in which he does not own any shares .
“ Since becoming Premier , he has continuously made efforts to attract head offices , investment and jobs to Saskatchewan and will continue to do so . We have more letters going to more companies from the Minister of Economy next week , ” said the statement .
It was also noted in the statement that the incentives Wall is offering companies to move have been in place for a few years and that “ cash is not paid to companies to attract them to relocate or create jobs in Saskatchewan ” but tax incentives — meaning those companies pay less taxes — are provided .
Wall has been defending the letter he sent to Whitecap — and about five other companies — this week while many have criticized the move coming on the heels of a budget that increases taxes by $ 1 billion , eliminates STC and cuts funding to universities and libraries .
Wall said Thursday the letters should not be a surprise to anyone because he has , since becoming premier , regularly asked companies to relocate to Saskatchewan .
Alberta 's Premier Rachel Notley is charging Wall 's letters may be breaching the New West Trade Partnership ( NWTP ) .
Article 12 of the NWTP says “ Parties shall not directly or indirectly provide business subsidies that entire or assist the relocation from another Party ” while the federal Agreement on Internal Trade says “ a government is prohibited from offering incentives that entice a business to relocate in that province . ”
Wall remains confident his efforts to attract companies to Saskatchewan are within the provisions of those agreements .
“ We 're letting folks know about existing policies . I think all provinces will continue to do that and will do that . So we have n't got a specific relocation program that we 've developed that would be counter to the spirit of those trade deals , ” he said .
dfraser @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/dcfraser
The key isse in Florida v. Harris , which the U.S. Supreme Court heard on Wednesday , is how a judge should determine whether a drug-sniffing dog is reliable enough to provide probable cause for a search . Should he simply accept police assurances that the animal has been properly `` trained '' or `` certified , '' as the state of Florida and the Obama administration argue ? Or should he , as the Florida Supreme Court said , ask for additional evidence , such as the nature of the dog 's training and certification , its performance in tests , and its track record in the field ? Police and prosecutors are particularly keen to exclude that last category of evidence , insisting , rather counterintuitively , that the record of a dog 's hits and misses is irrelevant in evaluating whether its alert indicates a `` fair probability '' that drugs will be discovered . It is pretty clear why the people seeking to justify dog-triggered searches are afraid of these data : They show that dogs vary widely in their accuracy and often are more likely to be wrong than right .
On Monday I noted the 2011 Chicago Tribune analysis of data from suburban police departments that found vehicle searches justified by a dog 's alert failed to turn up drugs or drug paraphernalia 56 percent of the time . A 2006 study by the New South Wales Ombudsman in Australia looked at more than 10,000 searches triggered by dog alerts and discovered that 74 percent of them found no illegal drugs . In other words , as the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers ( NACDL ) and the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) note in their Harris brief , `` any given alert was almost three times more likely to be a false alert than an accurate one . '' More-recent data from New South Wales indicate an even higher error rate : 80 percent .
The NACDL and the ACLU also describe a 1984 operation in which Florida state police stopped about 1,330 vehicles at roadblocks and walked dogs around them . If one dog alerted , another was brought in , and vehicles were searched only if both dogs indicated the presence of illegal drugs . That happened 28 times , but those searches yielded just one drug arrest . `` Despite the requirement that two dogs alert before a search , '' the NACDL/ACLU brief notes , `` police found illegal narcotics sufficient to justify an arrest in only 4 % of cars searched , '' meaning `` the likelihood of a false alert was approximately 96 % . '' With impressive chutzpah , Florida 's lawyers claim `` this example at most shows a 'false ' alert rate under 2 % . '' You see what they did there ? Twenty-seven false alerts divided by 1,330 cars equals 2 percent . But the relevant question is not the percentage of vehicle stops that resulted in a false alert ; it is the percentage of alerts ( in this case , double alerts ) that turned out to be false . For purposes of probable cause , we want to know the likelihood that a search triggered by a dog 's alert will find drugs . In this case it was 4 percent—not , as Florida 's tricky calculation implies , 98 percent .
What is going on when a dog alerts and no drugs are found ? Police and prosecutors want us to believe these are not really false alerts at all : Either the drugs were so cleverly hidden that the cops could not find them , or the dog detected otherwise imperceptible traces left by drugs that were recently in the vehicle or by contact with drug users ' hands ( which is what the prosecution claimed in Harris ) . But these explanations are completely unfalsifiable and amount to nothing but self-serving speculation . Furthermore , the `` residual odor '' excuse weakens rather than strengthens the case for probable cause , since the traces could have been left by someone other than the driver : a passenger , a previous owner , even ( as the defendant 's lawyers in Harris suggest ) a cash-strapped addict who tried to open the vehicle 's door while looking for stuff to steal . In addition to residual odors , dogs can be confused by the smells of food , other dogs , and legal chemicals they have been trained to associate with drugs . But perhaps the biggest source of error is the cues that dogs pick up from their handlers , whose expectations can influence the animals ' behavior .
A 2011 study led by University of California at Davis neurologist Lisa Lit shows how powerful this effect can be . Lit and her colleagues had 18 handlers walk their police dogs through four rooms where they were told drug or explosive scents might be hidden but where in fact there were no target substances to be found . Each team went through each room twice , for a total of 144 sweeps , and generated 225 false alerts . The alerts were especially likely near markers that the handlers were told indicated the presence of scents—even more likely than at unmarked locations where the researchers had hidden Slim Jims and new tennis balls . `` Human more than dog influences affected alert locations , '' Lit et al . concluded . `` This confirms that handler beliefs affect outcomes of scent detection dog deployments . ''
In a new Huffington Post column , Radley Balko describes a couple of incidents that further illustrate this point :
A couple months ago , a U.S. Customs dog trained in drug detection somehow managed to find a package containing counterfeit passports . While dogs can be trained to detect drugs or explosives , they ca n't tell a fake passport from the real thing—no dog is that good . Rather , what likely happened is that her handler noticed something suspicious about the package . The dog picked up on her handler 's body language , then alerted to please her handler . Earlier this year , a HuffPost review of a police dog team with the Illinois state police found an instance in which the dog alerted to a trunk full of illegal ( untaxed ) cigarettes . Even the smartest of police dogs ca n't determine with a sniff whether a trunk-load of Marlboros was purchased in or out of state . ( Not to mention that the dog was n't trained to detect tobacco . ) The dog likely was merely reflecting whatever suspicions its handler had about the driver .
A dog 's sensitivity to its handler 's cues ( whether conscious or subconscious ) means that a suspicious cop who wants to search a vehicle ( as in Harris ) or a home ( as in Florida v. Jardines , the other canine case the Supreme Court heard on Wednesday ) can essentially get permission from a dog , regardless of what it actually smells . As Balko observes , `` drug dogs have become little more than a way of converting ... hunches into probable cause . '' In the case of a home search , the cop will have to take the additional step of obtaining a warrant , but if courts are to treat an alert by a supposedly well-trained dog as the equivalent of probable cause , that is a mere formality . The upshot is that a police officer armed with an obedient dog can search wherever he wants .
Jared Kushner has been pressing other White House aides to more vigorously defend the meeting between Donald Trump Jr. and a Kremlin-linked lawyer that Kushner also attended , but has faced resistance from some of Trump 's top press aides , according to six sources familiar with the matter .
Four White House officials and two outside advisers say Kushner wants the White House to more aggressively push out surrogates and talking points to change the narrative around the latest twist in the Russia scandal . Kushner has said the meeting , which has also further dragged him into the controversy , has a direct impact on Trump 's presidency , even if Trump was n't aware of it at the time .
Story Continued Below
But some of the communications aides , including press secretary Sean Spicer , and other senior staffers have expressed reservations . They say it 's best to leave it to outside counsel to handle the furor around Trump Jr. , and fear inviting further legal jeopardy if Trump aides and allies more forcefully defend a meeting that they do n't fully know the details of , according to the sources .
The disagreement over strategy illustrates the White House 's ongoing struggle to cope with a quickly evolving scandal that has engulfed Trump 's early presidency . West Wing aides have had little control as Trump himself has appeared to exacerbate the Russia controversy , including by firing FBI Director James Comey . Some top advisers also have been blindsided by new developments , such as the Russian lawyer meeting during the height of the campaign .
After hours of little defense from the White House on Tuesday following Trump Jr. 's release of the email chain setting up the controversial meeting , Kushner spoke with Spicer and deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders . During the conversation , Spicer and Sanders made the case for crafting a longer-term battle strategy , according two White House officials and an outside adviser familiar with the conversation , but Kushner called for full-on combat , according to a White House official .
The White House disputed that Kushner had a conversation directly complaining to top communications officials about the Russia scandal defense .
`` These conversations simply did not happen and Jared did not raise a single one of these points besides saying thank you to everyone for their continued hard work , '' the White House said in a statement attributed to Spicer , Sanders , spokesman Josh Raffel and other White House aides including Raj Shah , Jessica Ditto and Lindsay Walters .
A source close to Kushner , Trump 's son-in-law and a top White House adviser , said that while he does n't have an exact plan for an overall Russia response , he has been angry that there was n't a more robust effort from the communications team . Kushner has wanted them to complain about chyrons on cable news , call reporters to update stories with White House statements , and unleash surrogates immediately . He has been angry that there were no talking points offered to surrogates , the source said . One senior administration official suggested that two aides from the communications shop be dedicated to updating chyrons .
`` Jared did n't like the idea , he wanted people to get aggressive , ” said an outside adviser familiar with the matter . `` Jared 's the guy who is rushing the front lines , and other people are saying , 'See , wait , hold , and let 's get a battle strategy . ' ”
`` Jared wanted to get surrogates , he wanted an op-ed in The [ Wall Street ] Journal and The [ New York ] Times , and we said , ‘ Wait , we have to talk through how that will play out . Who is going to say it , who is going to put their name on the op-ed and what baggage do they have ? ' '' the outside adviser also said .
While some in the White House have argued that this is an outside legal issue since Trump Jr. does not work in the White House , Kushner has said if the story affects the president , it 's a White House issue .
So far , the White House has offered a limited defense of the June 2016 meeting , which Trump Jr. set up after a publicist for a longtime Trump business partner offered a meeting with a Russian government lawyer who could give incriminating materials on Hillary Clinton as `` part of Russia and its government 's support for Mr. Trump . ”
Trump Jr. then included then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort and Kushner in the meeting , which has raised further questions about collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian officials .
White House chief of staff Reince Priebus on Sunday defended the meeting as a “ nothing burger ” while top adviser Kellyanne Conway hit the morning shows on Monday to forcefully say there was no collusion .
But the effort has since fallen short of a full-throated defense , with Sanders holding off-camera briefings to deny any wrongdoing while referring questions to outside counsel .
Kushner , who has his own spokesperson , has been frustrated about the level of pushback on the overall Russia controversy since former FBI director James Comey 's firing in May . He 's been calling for a reorganization of the communications shop , according to two White House officials , and has directed some of his ire at Priebus , because many of the people in that office were brought into the White House from the Republican National Committee , where he was chairman .
`` He 's been legitimately speaking about that for months , that 's why he got his own [ PR ] person , '' said the senior administration official about the need for a more forceful approach to tackling the Russia controversy . After the first foreign trip in May , Kushner even devised a strategy with six different `` buckets '' for dealing with offensive and defensive communications .
But some White House officials have purposefully taken a step away from the issue , as they do n't want to implicate themselves legally . Knowing less is more in the White House , aides have said .
“ That 's the other problem is that some of these staffers ca n't afford lawyers . You 're talking about hundreds of thousands of dollars , how is [ deputy press secretary ] Lindsay Walters going to pay for that ? How could Spicer pay for that ? ” the outside adviser source said .
Another outside adviser said the whole point of having an outside team of legal advisers to handle these issues is to “ inoculate and insulate the staff from any possible legal exposure . ''
That adviser said Spicer has privately griped about the demands from Kushner .
Meanwhile , some senior staffers like Conway and Sebastian Gorka have been more forceful in battling for their boss on cable news each day . Conway appeared on Wednesday night on Fox News with a white paper with the word `` collusion , '' that she subsequently crossed out .
“ This is to help all the people at home , '' she said . `` What 's the conclusion ? Collusion ? No . We do n't have that yet . I see illusion and delusion . ”
“ A true participation in the [ Israeli ] draft will only take place based on a willing agreement and pact between Israeli society and the haredi community , ” said Shas MK Aryeh Deri .
I agree . And that is why I am confused . Mandatory conscription of haredim has been a hot issue in Israel for years . And MK Deri is correct ; the solution must an agreement between all parties involved .
So why be contentious ?
“ I would not suggest to any Prime Minister that he confront hundreds of thousands of haredim [ over the draft issue ] , ” said MK Meir Porush of UTJ .
Why not ? Most Israelis want this issue resolved and guess what ? They think haredim should serve . The haredim can protest as much as they want , but Israeli society is changing and this issue ultimately needs to be dealt with .
Why not call their bluff ?
If the haredim take the lead on this issue , they have everything to gain , very little to lose , and they will solve many problems within the haredi community as well .
Haredi leadership should demand – right now – mandatory conscription of all eligible haredim .
Think about what will happen .
First of all , if the haredi leadership takes the lead , they will be in a position to make demands . And they will probably get everything the want , including :
A complete and total exemption for women
An exemption for exceptional Torah scholars ( many agree to this already , I heard Ehud Barak suggest the top 10 % , I bet that can be boosted to 15 % or even 20 % )
Special haredi units , i.e . units led by male officers ( especially important for basic training ) , with higher standards of kosher supervision and times set aside for prayer and study . ( And these units already exist ; I served in one 13 years ago . )
In addition , some haredim will excel in the army and become officers . That is good for them and good for the haredi population as a whole .
Plus , there are a lot of haredim . The Israeli army does n't need and can not absorb so many new recruits at once . Most haredim over the age of twenty-two will probably be granted total exemptions from military service .
What am I missing ?
The irony is that secular Israelis – who supposedly hate the haredim with passion – are insisting that the haredim be given power , accesses to the highest levels of Israeli society , and weapons . Funny .
There are those who argue that the study of Torah is the only true protector of Israel , the Israeli army is merely hishtadlus ( making an effort ) . And as a religious Jew I agree one hundred percent .
But that has nothing to do with the draft .
The Talmud states , “ Any town in which there are no schoolchildren studying Torah will be destroyed ” ( Shabbos 119B ) . But no one wants to draft schoolchildren . Is their Torah study not good enough ? What about the men ages 22 and up ( post-service or most likely exempted ) ? Is their Torah study not good enough ? Or what about the top 10 % ; the exceptional Torah scholars most agree should be exempted from the draft ? Does n't their Torah study count ? It ca n't be that the only Torah study worthy of protecting the Jewish nation is the study of Jewish men ages 18-21 , and particularly the men not exceptional enough to be exempted from service .
There are those who argue that service in Israel 's military will make young haredi men go off the derech ( give up a religious lifestyle ) . Give me a break . Haredi men are already going of the derech , and in record numbers . And if a haredi man can not stay religious in a religious unit ( with male officers , higher standards of kosher supervision , and special times set aside for prayer and study ) then I am sorry , but that man was going off the derech already . Do n't blame the army .
And haredi society will benefit from the draft . Some haredi men are trapped . They do n't have the headspace to study fulltime , but they can not leave Kollel for fear of the draft . So they flounder . Service ( or an exemption ) means that they will be free to join the work force . They can earn , provide for their families , travel in and out of the country , and create businesses in freedom and with peace of mind .
Israeli society is divided . It is naïve to think that solving the issue of haredi service in the military will solve Israel 's problems . There will still be secular Israelis who hate haredim . And there will still be haredim who hate secular Israelis . But it will help .
Haredi service in the military is the most contentious issue in Israel today . It is up to the haredim to solve it . And they should , because they only stand to gain in the deal .
* I know , Yair Lapid calls for a much smaller number of exemptions but : 1 ) if the haredim take the lead they can probably get what they want , and 2 ) even he agrees that some should be exempted . Also note : Israel ca n't afford a universal draft .
According to a report in The New York Times , on the day that Paul Manafort stepped down as chairman of Donald Trump 's presidential campaign , papers were recorded that created a shell company that would be controlled by Manafort . The company would soon receive $ 13 million in loans from two business with ties to Trump . The purpose of the loans is not clear in public records , but some appeared to be part of an effort to shield Manafort from a financial crisis stemming from failed investments with his son-in-law . One of the recent loans , according to the Times , was for $ 3.5 million in September from the private lending unit of Spruce Capital , which has a Ukrainian connection through the billionaire Alexander Rovt . Rovt financially backs Spruce , whose co-founder Joshua Crane has been a developer of Trump hotel projects . “ There is nothing out of the ordinary about them , ” Manafort said of the loans , “ and I am confident anyone who is n't afflicted with scandal fever will come to the same conclusion . ”
How self-appointed safety police are doing much more harm than good
Over on CCE , someone posted a link to a fascinating Strava heatmap showing to-the-second recorded rides for a huge number of UK cyclists .
It 's worth emphasising that this kind of information is virtually unprecedented . For the first time planners , policymakers ( and everyone else ) potentially has access to aggregate and individual cycling behaviour on a second-by-second basis .
Just as a taste , you can actually see that nobody ( who uses Strava ) cycled along the Quality Bike Corridor at the same time that the much bigger ( parallel ) Minto St / Gilmerton Rd was seeing heavy traffic . You can see that large numbers of cyclists are using the nasty 40mph A702 to enter Edinburgh but you can also see that they do n't like it ( because a significant majority divert onto Braid Rd at the first opportunity ) .
It 's taken years for Edinburgh Council not to fit bike counters that , once rolled out , will still not really tell us much about cycling patterns , let alone give us the ability to examine the rest of their route .
Enter the Stravandals
Unfortunately , Strava is becoming increasingly compromised by “ stravandalising ” – the vexatious flagging of stretches of road or path as “ hazardous ” by self-appointed internet policemen ( or women , in fairness , etc . etc . ) .
While I 'm not unsympathetic to the views of people who think comparing speeds on any public thoroughfare is intrinsically wrong , they seem to fail to appreciate that there 's no objective assessment to make . By this I mean that while speeding or drink driving are nice and objective , the “ hazard ” flag is a purely moral judgement , and as I see it , one that is rarely being made wisely .
Strava 's apparent fear of bad press has led inexorably to the point where my own commute now has fewer sections which are apparently safe to cycle than those which are not , and I suspect things are only this “ good ” because other users are re-creating segments as fast as they can be deleted .
Why anyone would pay a monthly fee for something which anybody with a free account can delete in moments is quite beyond me – I made the decision long ago that I would n't pay for Strava under those conditions .
A “ hazardous ” 15mph… 5mph below modern path design speed .
In terms of the market , the issue of “ stravandalising ” segments promises to be quite interesting . Strava users who feel they 're paying for a service which they do n't receive are easy pickings for rival services that offer a better proposition .
You 'd think Strava would be desperately concerned that someone 's going to do a Facebook on their MySpace – it 's not that hard to imagine .
Strava : a priceless safety resource ?
Few people will see it this way , but let me make the argument :
I find it pleasingly ironic that people who claim to be motivated by safety seem hell-bent on destroying pretty much the only centralised record of realtime cycling behaviour that 's ever been gathered . Talk about taking the short view .
When you look at “ hazard ” segments in detail the picture that is painted is often not one of road rash , mangled kittens and dead toddlers at all , but this demands the wisdom to look beyond any distaste at the headline element , something Stravandals clearly lack .
Researching this piece , I looked up the leaderboards of two classic Edinburgh “ hazard ” routes that have long since been expunged from Strava : the Union Canal and the Roseburn Path .
I hear you gasp in horror . But what does Strava 's leaderboard actually reveal ?
The maximum segment speed reached by any cyclist on the Union Canal this month is 16mph , while the maximum reached by any cyclist descending the Roseburn Path is 21mph . ( As you 'd hope , these speeds reflect that while both are very quiet during most hours of the day , the canal is only wide enough for two cyclists to ride abreast , while the Roseburn is the width of a road ) .
I 'm not interested in arguing about whether 16mph is too fast on a deserted towpath .
I do n't even feel like pointing out that the original Strava segments both time-shifted cyclists to quieter hours of the day ( last summer I left an hour early and avoided almost all pedestrians , but with no segment , I may as well ride the same way in rush hour ) and discouraged rapid progress across the Slateford viaduct ( because the segments were at either side of it , it was n't timed ) .
I * agree * that there 's a moral argument that says this is all wrong , but based on the actual casualty stats , I also believe that any objective assessment of the risk would find that it 's relatively trivial .
I people watch well over a hundred miles a week and the fast riders are almost never the bad ones . Want to see near misses ? It 's the two-tings-and-a-prayer brigade that are doing the damage , and they 're hardly the Strava stereotype…
What I think is much more interesting is the argument that brushing this under the carpet , hiding the data in the hopes that cyclists will all start dragging their brakes , is both a failure in terms of safety and actually a retrograde step – if people are dispersed from Strava to rival services who take a stronger line for their users this resource , which really seems to exonorate cyclists more than it condemns them , could be lost .
Strava speed = not necessarily that fast
The 85th percentile speed for the Roseburn Path this year is only a hair over 20mph – the design speed for modern shared cycle facilities . And that 's counting each individual 's * the fastest effort * with the prevailing wind behind them – for a true picture you then need to drill down further : I show on the leaderboard at 18mph but my average is 15mph…
Is n't this actually rather reassuring ? Worrying about the KOM alone is like making road safety decisions based on the fastest speed any single car has ever travelled at , ignoring the question of how fast people drive from day to day .
It would require more data gathering than can be managed in retrospect to see whether the removal of segments has actually led to a reduction in speeds ( I would n't expect so , but I 'm only guessing ) .
Let me finish with this question : if motorists were voluntarily publishing personally identifiable GPS records of their speed and route , can anyone seriously argue that we should hide that data , bury our heads in the sand – or would we be falling over ourselves to access the lessons that data contains , and reassure ourselves that people just are n't driving all that fast ( or are they ? )
The sad thing is – there are objectively hazardous locations and the most popular Strava segments invariably grew to be the ones which did n't include them . What we have now is the old school “ how fast can I do my entire route , traffic lights and all ” – is that actually safer ?
Whew . If you stayed with me through that , you deserve a badge…
About
Most of the really great challenges fell at the hands of intrepid explorers in the last two centuries , but there still remains one unclaimed title that has eluded even the most daring of adventurers ; One last , great , epic undertaking ; A journey of such magnitude and scope that few have even contemplated the task .
It has therefore fallen to two unassuming brothers to be the ones to step forth from among the trembling masses and throw down the gauntlet ( and then immediately pick it up ) to become ...
The first humans to circle the globe in a banana .
Some people are born great , and some , as we know , have greatness thrust upon them . Steve and Spade Braithwaite have seen it from a distance many times , mostly in Bruce Willis movies or something like that .
`` If you ask mountaineers why they do it , '' says Steve , the elder of the two siblings , `` they always reply 'because it 's there ' .
Well that makes it easy in my opinion ! When we first embarked upon the Big Banana Car World Trip there was no banana car ! It did n't exist . So the first thing we had to do was build one . Of course you can climb a mountain if it 's there ! It 's when it 's not there that the difficulty arises . ''
When asked why he wanted to go on the adventure , Spade Braithwaite replied , `` Of all the hundreds of planets in the entire universe , this one is my very fave ' and I want to see it while it 's still here . ''
The majority of the Big Banana Car was built in the quiet little hamlet of Coopersburg , Pennsylvania , in a workshop owned by Liz O'Neill .
Liz was born and raised in rural Pennsylvania and was often told that being a farmer 's wife was what life had in store for her , but after a fulfilling life as a wife and mother , Liz became somewhat restless . She knew there was a great big world out there , and not yet ready to fade gracefully into retirement , she was eager for a new kind of adventure .
In exchange for using her workshop to build the Big Banana Car , the Braithwaite brothers had a quiet discussion and decided to ask Liz if she would like to come on the trip and see the world . `` But there are parts of Coopersburg I have n't even seen yet ! '' Liz exclaimed . However , after a few seconds of thought , she eagerly accepted the opportunity to live out the adventure that she had been yearning for her entire life .
“ I 'll have to get a new hat. ” she proclaimed .
No Corporate Backers
It should be pointed out that the brothers have no corporate backers with deep pockets , and they are not , by any stretch of the imagination , wealthy themselves . They scraped together the money to build a banana car and have scraped together the money to drive it around the world . To keep their costs down , they will be sleeping in tents and using CouchSurfing.org as much as possible . This means that Kickstarter.com is their only hope of getting the trip filmed .
`` To do something like this and not film it would be a crime to humanity '' said Steve the more pompous and self aggrandizing of the two brothers . `` It would be like spending a leisurely afternoon taking photos of the Loch Ness Monster only to find out later that you had no film in your camera . Or it would be like having dinner with Bigfoot only to ..... '' ( at this point in the interview we turned off our tape recorder and walked away . )
Our proposed route will be somewhere in the red area .
The Film Team .
Vince Clemente and Dan Billups studied film together in college years ago and have worked as a team on numerous projects since . Together they have produced the documentary `` The World of Z '' ( zDocumentary.com ) about the troubled Chicago artist Zbigniew Fiks . Their latest film details the world of high stakes Tetris called `` Ecstasy of Order - The Tetris Masters '' ( EcstasyOfOrder.com ) .
While doing some research on the internet for a film he wanted to make about bananas , Vince stumbled upon the Big Banana Car website and knew instantly that he had to be involved . `` For some strange reason , all through my childhood my Mom referred to me as Banana Boy , '' Vince admitted , `` so , it 's kind of like destiny that I 've crossed paths with Steve . Living my life much like a cavalier , I have no doubt that this journey will be a giant success filled with millions of smiles and cinematic moments . As a filmmaker , how many times do you get the opportunity to follow a banana around the world ? ''
The Working Title .
Most projects such as this have a `` Working Title '' and this one is `` Around The World in The Big Banana Car . '' However , during the trip , the team will be seeking out and interviewing those often overlooked , and mostly harmless folk called `` Eccentrics . ''
There is a fine line between `` eccentric '' and `` lunatic , '' and even though both those words end in `` ic , '' it 's often a distinction based solely on a person 's means . The quirky owner of a stately home who shops the local village in his Pajamas , and has built a bomb shelter made of Legos , is regarded with a wry smile as `` a little bit eccentric . '' Whereas Bob , who works at Walmart and behaves in a similar way , is simply `` mad . `` Often , the only defining difference between the two is a few million dollars .
So , it is the contention of the Dirty Brothers that there are many wonderful eccentrics toiling away in relative obscurity because their annual budget amounts to the pittance that they can hide from their wife . It 's quite possible , therefore , that the title of the finished project might become `` Eccentricity on a Budget . ''
It 's also been suggested by close friends that we should entitle it `` Plonkers On Parade , '' `` The Halfwit Chronicles , '' and in a nod to those fantastic movies of the 1960s , `` Those Farcical Folks in their V8 Banana . ''
The team is filming this to be a documentary movie but will shoot enough footage that if a TV network becomes interested , they will have the material needed to turn it into a six part , or more , series .
RK Motors Charlotte Presents Cruise In
Episode 305 Big Banana Car
FAQs
What will you use the Kickstarter funds for ? To pay for the film crew and primarily their chase vehicle .
Fuel for the chase vehicle , the vehicle itself , their flights , tapes , visas , etc . All the costs associated with taking two professional filmmakers around the world and the post production costs of making the film . What will your chase vehicle be ? A pineapple ?
Do n't be silly . Now you 're just being ridiculous !
It 'll be something similar to a Land Rover , Chevy Suburban , or a Ford Expedition . Something that can carry a lot of equipment .
Can I increase my pledge or change my reward after it 's been made ? Yes , you can .
Log back into Kickstarter.com and click on the “ Manage Your Donation ” button .
What happens if you do n't reach your goal ? We smile a fake smile and pretend we 're not heartbroken .
If we do n't reach our goal amount we will still drive around the world in the Big Banana Car , we just wo n't be filming any of it .
Can you exceed your pledge goal ?
Yes , and should that happen , it would be wonderful !
If we go above that we will be able to visit more countries and end up with a better movie .
Can you show us a photo of the pledge items ?
Yes . Some of them anyway .
What is CouchSurfing.org ?
Because we are doing this trip on a budget we will be relying on the good will of others for places to stay and shower . CouchSurfing.org is an online community that connects like-minded people who prefer to see their destination from the eyes of a local . It 's a great way to meet people with a similar sense of adventure , forge friendships and save a little cash along the way . You should check it out !
If we invite you to our home will we have to check the silverware after you leave ?
No . Not at all .
Quite the opposite in fact . You might want to search your house after we leave the next morning for a hidden special Big Banana Car secret gift .
Why is one crew member Unknown ?
The Big Banana Car is a four seater and so when we get to China we have to have room for a Chinese guide who will accompany us at all times while in their country and they will ride in the 4th seat .
If we are able to raise the funds for a film crew and chase vehicle , the Chinese guide will be able to travel with them and so the 4th banana car seat will become available .
However , we wo n't know if this is the case until we reach our funding goal above .
If we do reach our goal then the plan is to auction the 4th Banana Car seat online .
Pledge Guide
1 ) Before you pledge on a reward that includes a personal appearance , please check the world map above and make sure that we will be passing through your region . If you are at all uncertain as too whether or not we will travel close enough to you to stop by , please contact us before pledging . ( If we are not scheduled to travel through your area and you would like us to visit , all we ask is that our extra costs are covered . )
please check the world map above and make sure that we will be passing through your region . If you are at all uncertain as too whether or not we will travel close enough to you to stop by , please contact us before pledging . ( If we are not scheduled to travel through your area and you would like us to visit , all we ask is that our extra costs are covered . ) 2 ) We will give you as much prior notice as we can when we will be stopping by , but please understand that it might be somewhat `` spur of the moment . '' Depending upon the Big Banana Car schedule , THE PERSONAL APPEARANCE COULD EITHER BE THIS YEAR OR NEXT YEAR .
as we can when we will be stopping by , but please understand that it might be somewhat `` spur of the moment . '' Depending upon the Big Banana Car schedule , THE PERSONAL APPEARANCE COULD EITHER BE THIS YEAR OR NEXT YEAR . 3 ) If the personal appearance is late afternoon or evening , we will need somewhere to stay for the night . A free or cheap place to pitch our tents and somewhere to take a morning shower will be fine .
for the night . A free or cheap place to pitch our tents and somewhere to take a morning shower will be fine . 4 ) Make sure to let us know your t-shirt size needs . Kid sizes : Small , Medium , and Large . Adult sizes : Medium , Large , X-Large and 2X-Large .
size needs . Kid sizes : Small , Medium , and Large . Adult sizes : Medium , Large , X-Large and 2X-Large . 5 ) The sweatshirt sizes are Adult : Small , Medium , Large and X-Large .
If you have any questions , contact Steve Braithwaite in the USA by phone at ( 810 ) 444-2792 or email : steve @ stevebraithwaite.com
The Sergio is distinguished by a very simple and clear style , that becomes memorable the moment you look at it . Proportions pushed to the extreme , a dynamic front volume penetrating into a rear that is projected forward , a sculpted , three-dimensional interpretation of the typical barchetta . The composition of the two body masses through a longitudinal black insert becomes the design 's guideline .
The Sergio also expresses an iconicity linked to ‘ 60s Ferraris proposing bulging and sensual wings inspired by those of sports cars and racing cars of that era , achieved by compacting all volume accessories as much as possible . The extreme lightness of the Sergio , which appears to float with the front up , is a direct result of aerodynamic research .
The front semi-floating development with the spoiler under the front , expresses aesthetic force and is at the same time functional for the stabilisation of the aerodynamic load and the heat exchange . The aerodynamic deflector in front of the cockpit also creates a virtual windscreen through the deviation of the air flow , protecting the passengers from turbulence . The roll bar , designed as a wing surface , is perfectly tuned to the evolution of the flow coming from the front , adding a further down force effect . Finally , the rear nolder and the extractor close the design effectively and functionally . Still on the subject of aerodynamics , even the rear-view mirror takes on a fluid form that , given the flow of the front baffle , helps to divert air from the heads of the passengers .
To enhance the formal purity of the Pininfarina style criterion , all the technical parts of the Sergio ( handles , fins , air intake holes ) are concentrated in dark parts of the body , leaving the red painted parts free .
Atlanta United will unveil its first home kit on Nov. 15 .
The team will play its inaugural season in Major League Soccer in 2017 .
The team sent an email to members of its supporters group on Monday about the unveiling , which will be at 6:30 p.m. at The Tabernacle . Adidas has designed the kits .
The event will be free , but those who wish to attend must bring a ticket , which can only be secured through a Founders Club member account . Tickets can be secured starting at 10 a.m. Tuesday .
Kits will be on sale at the event , or can be purchased at www.atlutd.com on Tuesday after the unveiling , or at the team store at Atlantic Station . The kit will feature a sponsorship by American Family Insurance .
The team may have as many as six players at the unveiling .
Numerous designers have taken cracks at what the kit may look like . Here are a few of those .
The team has declined to provide details about what the jersey may look like .
The team 's colors are red , black and gold . It will play its home games in Georgia Tech 's Bobby Dodd Stadium until construction on Mercedes-Benz Stadium is complete . Its training center is under construction in Marietta .
Tarsnap critical security bug
Tarsnap versions 1.0.22 through 1.0.27 have a critical security bug . It may be possible for me , Amazon , or US government agencies with access to Amazon 's datacenters to decrypt data stored with those versions of Tarsnap . This is an absolutely unacceptable compromise of Tarsnap 's security principles , and I sincerely apologize to everyone affected .
There 's a lot to say about this , and it 's entirely possible that I 'll miss covering some important points in this post ; if I 've missed something , please email me or post a comment below and I 'll do my best to add the necessary information .
The bug
Tarsnap archives data by first converting it into a series of `` chunks '' of average size 64 kB ; next compressing and encrypting each chunk ; and finally uploading those chunks . The encryption is performed using a per-session AES-256 key in CTR mode .
In versions 1.0.22 through 1.0.27 of Tarsnap , the CTR nonce value is not incremented after each chunk is encrypted . ( The CTR counter is correctly incremented after each 16 bytes of data was processed , but this counter is reset to zero for each new chunk . )
How the bug happened
Up to version 1.0.21 of Tarsnap , AES-CTR was used in two places : First , to encrypt each chunk of data ; and second , in the Tarsnap client-server protocol . In version 1.0.22 of Tarsnap , I introduced passphrase-protected key files , which used AES-CTR encryption ( with a key computed using scrypt ) .
In order to simplify the Tarsnap code — and in the hopes of reducing the potential for bugs — I took this opportunity to `` refactor '' the AES-CTR code into a new file ( lib/crypto/crypto_aesctr.c in the Tarsnap source code ) and modified the existing places where AES-CTR was used to take advantage of these routines .
It is at this point where the bug slipped into the chunk-encryption code ( crypto_file_enc in lib/crypto/crypto_file.c ) :
/ * Encrypt the data . * / - aes_ctr ( & encr_aes- > key , encr_aes- > nonce++ , buf , len , - filebuf + CRYPTO_FILE_HLEN ) ; + if ( ( stream = + crypto_aesctr_init ( & encr_aes- > key , encr_aes- > nonce ) ) == NULL ) + goto err0 ; + crypto_aesctr_stream ( stream , buf , filebuf + CRYPTO_FILE_HLEN , len ) ; + crypto_aesctr_free ( stream ) ;
encr_aes- > nonce++
encr_aes- > nonce
Impact of the bug
Theturned into , and as a result the same nonce value was used repeatedly . ( The other places where Tarsnap uses AES-CTR — in the client-server protocol and in the handling of passphrase-protected key files — are not affected by this bug . ) As stated above : It may be possible for me , Amazon , or US government agencies with access to Amazon 's datacenters to decrypt data stored with affected versions of Tarsnap . Other individuals/agencies are unlikely to be able to decrypt data for the simple reason of being unable to access the encrypted data : Amazon Web Services is considered to be sufficiently secure to handle medical records and credit cards , and while I often remind people that regulatory compliance is not at all the same thing as security , in this case I think they align fairly accurately . ( Note that since the Tarsnap client-server protocol is encrypted , being able to intercept Tarsnap client-server traffic does not provide an attacker with access to the data . )
There are two ways of decrypting AES-CTR data when the nonce is reused : By comparing two ciphertexts , or by using a known plaintext . In the first case , the ciphertexts A xor C and B xor C are compared to yield the exclusive OR of the two plaintexts , A xor B . If the plaintexts are English text or otherwise have a small amount entropy , this usually enough to allow both plaintexts to be extracted — in fact , this is one of the methods which was used by British codebreakers in the second world war . However , the blocks which Tarsnap encrypts do not have low entropy : Tarsnap compresses its chunks of data before encrypting them . While the compression is not perfect ( there are , for instance , some predictable header bits ) , I do not believe that enough information is leaked to make such a ciphertext-only attack feasible .
Given a known plaintext , however — that is , if the attacker knows any block of data which was encrypted — then the attack is trivial : They need only compare the plaintext against corresponding ciphertext block to recover the AES-CTR keystream , which can then be used to decrypt other blocks of data . If Tarsnap is used to perform complete system backups , there will be many such plaintexts — files belonging to the operating system and the Tarsnap binary itself are obvious examples — but if Tarsnap is used selectively then it is possible that the attacker will have no such plaintext at his disposal .
Because Tarsnap uses per-session AES keys for encrypting blocks of data , this bug affects only data uploaded using affected versions of Tarsnap , and the known-plaintext attack will only endanger data uploaded during the same archive when the known plaintext is uploaded ; so it is possible that an attacker would be able to decrypt some data but not all .
What Tarsnap users should do
Tarsnap users should immediately upgrade to version 1.0.28 .
Tarsnap users who wish to re-encrypt their stored data should register a new machine using tarsnap-keygen , upload their data using the newly generated keys , and then delete the old data by running tarsnap -- nuke with the old keys . ( Note that creating a new archive with the same set of keys will not cause data to be re-encrypted and uploaded , since Tarsnap 's de-duplication will recognize the duplicated data . ) Anyone wishing to do this should contact me via email so that I can provide a Tarsnap account credit to cover the bandwidth fees which would otherwise be charged . ( Of course , if the US government wants your data , re-encrypting it and deleting the old version from Tarsnap wo n't force them to delete any copies they have made — but it might help you if the US government does n't realize that it wants your data yet . )
Tarsnap users who wish to stop using Tarsnap should delete their stored data by running tarsnap -- nuke and contact me via email for a refund .
Tarsnap users with any other questions or concerns should contact me via email , twitter , IRC , or any other convenient form of communication .
What I 'm doing about this
After being contacted on Friday afternoon and confirming the bug , I immediately re-checked all of the Tarsnap crytographic code ; I found no other bugs . Of course , this ca n't guarantee that there are no subtle issues lurking ; but at least it makes very unlikely the possibility that other similarly obvious problems exist .
I 've also added `` double-check all changes to critical security code , even if they are 'cosmetic ' or 'refactoring ' changes '' to my pre-release checklist . When I wrote the original chunk-encryption code , I reviewed my work very carefully to make sure that I got it right — and it was right for two years , until I accidentally introduced this bug while making what I thought was an insignificant change . This is an important lesson to learn : Mistakes can happen any time a piece of code is modified .
Finally , I am instituting a Tarsnap bug bounty ( complete details to follow in a later blog post ) . This bug was found and reported to me by someone who was reading the Tarsnap source code purely out of curiosity — I 'm a great fan of curiosity , but I 've also learned that money can help to encourage curiosity . While I hope that I this is the last time I have to pay out a bounty for a security bug , if there are other bugs I hope this bounty will result in them being found sooner rather than later .
Final remarks
I will not attempt to decrypt and read your data . Amazon claims that it does not inspect Amazon Web Services users ' data . And the US government is theoretically bound by a constitution which prohibits unreasonable searches . This is all , however , entirely irrelevant : The entire point of Tarsnap 's security is to remove the need for such guarantees . You should n't need to trust me ; you should n't need to trust Amazon ; and you most certainly should n't need to trust the US government .
This was a very easy mistake to make . Anyone could have made it . It was also a very easy mistake to find . I should have found it , 19 months ago , before releasing version 1.0.22 of Tarsnap . I did n't , and I 'm sorry .
I 'd like to thank Taylor R Campbell for bringing this bug to my attention .
Q & A
Is the updated Tarsnap in the FreeBSD ports tree ? Yes . It was n't when this announcement first went up , but I committed the update at 21:23 UTC .
Yes . It was n't when this announcement first went up , but I committed the update at 21:23 UTC . Is there any way to download all the data for a machine , re-encrypt , and re-upload ? This is theoretically possible , but needs some new code to be written , and I did n't want to delay announcing this bug for the time it would take to write that code . If you do n't want to take the 'upload a new archive and nuke the old ones ' approach ( e.g. , if you have important history to keep ) , you 'll have to wait a few days at least . UPDATE : This can be done using the new tarsnap-recrypt utility in version 1.0.29 of the Tarsnap client code .
This is theoretically possible , but needs some new code to be written , and I did n't want to delay announcing this bug for the time it would take to write that code . If you do n't want to take the 'upload a new archive and nuke the old ones ' approach ( e.g. , if you have important history to keep ) , you 'll have to wait a few days at least . How do I generate new keys ? tarsnap-keygen -- keyfile /root/new-tarsnap.key -- user me @ example.com -- machine mybox
So are my keys compromised now ? This bug affected data stored on Tarsnap , not the keys used to encrypt it . If you delete all your data and then re-upload , it will be encrypted securely -- the only reason to need new keys is if you have data already stored and need to make sure that Tarsnap 's deduplication does n't prevent the data from being re-uploaded . One caveat to this : If your tarsnap keys were in an archive you stored , they might be compromised that way .
This bug affected data stored on Tarsnap , not the keys used to encrypt it . If you delete all your data and then re-upload , it will be encrypted securely -- the only reason to need new keys is if you have data already stored and need to make sure that Tarsnap 's deduplication does n't prevent the data from being re-uploaded . I 'm not worried about you , Amazon , or the US government reading my data ; all I 'm concerned about is keeping it safe from script kiddies . Do I need to worry about this ? Script kiddies are n't going to be able to access Tarsnap 's backing storage on S3 , so this issue should n't affect you . ( Whether your lack of worry about me , Amazon , and the US government is justified is another matter , but that 's for you to judge , not me . )
Script kiddies are n't going to be able to access Tarsnap 's backing storage on S3 , so this issue should n't affect you . ( Whether your lack of worry about me , Amazon , and the US government is justified is another matter , but that 's for you to judge , not me . ) I do n't want to create new keys ; can I keep my existing key file and nuke first then upload ? Yes . The purpose of creating a new key is to ensure that new data is n't deduplicated against old ( insecurely encrypted ) data , so if you delete all the old data first you 'll be fine . Unless , of course , your computer dies between deleting the old archive and uploading the new ones ...
Some questions I 've been hearing , aggregated here so that people can stop asking them :
Disqus
