SPIEGEL : Professor Nye , the Taliban are advancing in Afghanistan and Pakistan , North Korea has a nuclear bomb , Iran is developing one . Is n't it time for hard power , the use of military force ?
Joseph Nye : Every American president has three options . He can use force -- in other words , hard power -- to assert his interests , he can invest money or he can lead by attraction . The latter I call soft power , the appeal of American cultural values . I have never argued that the so-called hard-power instruments of a superpower -- the military , the intelligence services or economic sanctions -- can be replaced . It is all about the right mix of hard and soft power .
SPIEGEL : And right now military force would be more effective ?
Nye : It is , of course , pointless to talk to al-Qaida . Their leaders can not be attracted by American values . But the young people that Osama bin Laden wants to recruit for new terrorist attacks can be reached . That is where the soft power comes in .
SPIEGEL : How can they be reached ? By the speech President Obama gave in Cairo in which he showed respect for the Muslim world , for example ?
Nye : This speech was impressive . An America that listens , adheres to its own values and respects the values of other cultures makes the recruiting effort of the terrorists much more difficult . So , soft power can also be effective in a conflict that is largely dominated by the use of hard power .
SPIEGEL : Is there a historical example where a milder form of power politics was really effective ?
Nye : Think of the end of the Cold War . Not a single shot was fired . For decades , the American military was necessary to deter Soviet aggression and expansion . But it was mainly the soft-power elements which penetrated the Iron Curtain and made the people on the other side lose faith in their system .
SPIEGEL : What are the sources of soft power ?
Nye : It comes from three main sources : One is the culture of a country -- in the case of America , that ranges from Harvard to Hollywood . Second , political values can be very attractive for other countries , from democracy to freedom of speech to opportunity . And the third one is the legitimacy of a country 's foreign policy -- meaning that if your foreign policy is considered to be legitimate by other nations , you are more persuasive . Conversely , a foreign policy that is seen as illegitimate , as was the case under George W. Bush , destroys the power of values and culture .
SPIEGEL : Former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld reacted with annoyance when asked about your concept . He once said that he did not understand the meaning of soft power .
Nye : That was the mindset of the Bush administration , at least during its first term . They did not understand the potential of soft power and could not use it . They had to learn the hard way that hard power alone was not sufficient to achieve their foreign policy objectives .
SPIEGEL : Obama uses hard power in Afghanistan and Pakistan , in a way that is not very different from his predecessor . The Pentagon is sending an additional 21,000 troops to Afghanistan in a bid to defeat the Taliban .
Nye : We should not play off the hard strategies against the soft strategies . We must restore a certain degree of security in Afghanistan before schools and clinics can be built . Violence must cease before civil aid can be given . In this case , hard power comes before soft power . Recently , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton described the strategy in her testimony before the US Senate as the `` three D 's : '' defense , diplomacy , development -- in that order .
SPIEGEL : Has President Obama really changed the strategic goals of US foreign policy ?
Nye : He is in the process of doing that . Clinton has now created the job of a second under secretary of state whose primary job will be to oversee development , not just in Afghanistan . Our foreign policy has been over-militarized . Even Secretary of Defense Robert Gates criticized that most resources went straight to the Pentagon .
SPIEGEL : President Obama speaks with empathy and wisdom . Is that already a policy ?
Nye : His speeches are helpful , but he needs to follow them up with concrete policy steps . It is not enough to have an attractive person at the top if his policy is not attractive .
SPIEGEL : So the hard part is still ahead of the president ?
Nye : Yes , and that is normal . Every new administration first needs to define where it stands and what its goals are . Then the work really begins .
SPIEGEL : Does the economic crisis not inevitably weaken America 's attractiveness to the world ?
Nye : There is no doubt that the crisis of the capitalist system weakens the soft-power possibilities of the United States . Wall Street is currently not very popular in the rest of the world . Now it is important for the US government to master this crisis and make the necessary reforms to prevent it from happening again . That is the right way to strengthen our attractiveness . Should our policies fail , America will be weaker .
SPIEGEL : You emphasize the importance of a combination of hard and soft power in foreign policy . But does the use of one not sometimes handicap the use of the other ? In Pakistan , even the Obama administration is still deploying unmanned drones to target and kill Taliban commanders . There is often collateral damage and many civilians are getting killed . This undermines America 's reputation in that region because such a cruel use of force is seen as illegitimate by the people there .
Nye : Too much hard power can be counter-productive . The new US commander in Afghanistan , General Stanley McChrystal , has talked about investigating these instances . He promised to avoid civilian casualties in future . Both steps are necessary because such incidents hurt the legitimacy of US policy .
Buy Photo A voter exits a polling location at St. John 's Armenian Church in Southfield on Tuesday Nov. 3 , 2015 . ( Photo : Ryan Garza Detroit Free Press ) Buy Photo
The U.S. Justice Department said Monday that it will dispatch more than 500 people to more than five dozen communities across the U.S. — including Detroit , Dearborn Heights and Hamtramck — to monitor polling places on Tuesday to `` protect the rights of all citizens to access the ballot on Election Day . ''
In a release this morning , the Justice Department said that while state and local governments have primary responsibility for administering elections , it has regularly monitored elections since the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to make sure voters have equal access to polling places .
►Related : Will Michigan voters decide whether Trump or Clinton wins it all ?
►Related : Obama in Ann Arbor to rally for Clinton on eve of election
“ On Election Day itself , lawyers in the Civil Rights Division 's Voting Section will staff a hotline starting in the early hours of the morning , and just as we have sent election monitors in prior elections , we will continue to have a robust election monitors program in place on Election Day , '' said U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch . `` Our personnel will perform these duties impartially , with one goal in mind : to see to it that every eligible voter can participate in our elections to the full extent that federal law provides . ''
►Related : Donald Trump makes another bid for Michigan at Macomb rally
►Related : How the election could affect Detroit , Michigan and YOU
The announcement comes as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has called for his supporters to keep a close eye on polls amid his claims of the process being potentially `` rigged . '' The Michigan Republican Party also has been named in lawsuits -- including at least one filed in Michigan -- complaining that announced efforts of a voter anti-fraud effort could lead to voter intimidation .
Earlier this year , Lynch had said the department would severely curtail the number of poll monitors it sent out across the country in the wake of the Supreme Court 's 2013 decision Shelby County v. Holder , which overturned parts of the Voting Rights Act that allowed observers to be sent to areas without prior permission from local voting officials . Presumably , this year 's monitors are going to polling places where officials have given permission for them to observe .
In the release , the agency said it would `` gather information on , among other things , whether voters are subject to different voting qualifications or procedures on the basis of race , color or membership in a language minority group , '' as well as other voting protections . Last month , the Justice Department announced efforts to ensure that all qualified voters have the opportunity to cast their ballots and have their votes counted free of discrimination , intimidation or fraud in the election process .
Civil Rights Division staff members will be available by telephone to receive complaints related to possible violations of the federal voting rights laws at 1-800-253-3931 . People may also report complaints by email to voting.section @ usdoj.gov or on the department 's website www.justice.gov/crt/votercomplaint .
Complaints about any disruptions at polling places should be reported first to local election officials or , in the case of complaints related to violence , threats of violence or intimidation , to local police by calling 911 , the Justice Department said .
Contact Todd Spangler at 703-854-8947 or at tspangler @ freepress.com . Follow him on Twitter at @ tsspangler .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.freep.com/2f9WZMZ
Welcome to the party .
The main goal of Marionette v3 was to clean up and simplify the API .
The library was converted to ES6 and organized for easier contribution .
Marionette v3 is both smaller and faster than v2.x .
In future major releases we hope to improve the performance and simplify further .
Let 's go through some of the changes in v3 .
View
Version 2.x had many different kinds of views : View , ItemView ,
LayoutView , CollectionView , CompositeView .
In version 3 ItemView , and LayoutView were ‘ merged ' into View ,
and CompositeView was deprecated for removal in v4 .
Now we have only Viewed and CollectionView .
Here are some simple examples :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 import Mn from 'backbone.marionette ' ; const template = _.template ( ' < h1 > Marionette says hello ! < /h1 > ' ) ; const MyView = Mn.View.extend ( { el : 'body ' , template : template } ) ; const myView = new MyView ( ) ; myView.render ( ) ;
Live example
How does View handle regions ?
The same as LayoutView did however regions are no longer attached
directly to the view .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 import Mn from 'backbone.marionette ' ; const template1 = _.template ( ' < h1 > Marionette says hello ! < /h1 > ' ) ; const template2 = _.template ( ' < h1 > Marionette is awesome ! < /h1 > ' ) ; const myView1 = new Mn.View ( { template : template1 } ) ; const myView2 = new Mn.View ( { template : template2 } ) ; const MyView = Mn.View.extend ( { el : ' # container ' , template : false , regions : { region1 : ' # region1 ' , region2 : ' # region2 ' } , onRender ( ) { this .getRegion ( 'region1 ' ) .show ( myView1 ) ; this .showChildView ( 'region2 ' , myView2 ) ; } } ) ; const myView = new MyView ( ) ; myView.render ( ) ;
Live example
How can I build table or tree without CompositeView ?
If you build your table or tree using CompositeView just take a look here
to learn how to easily migrate to using View and CollectionView .
View events
In version 3 the region events show and before : show are no longer triggered
on the view . You can use render and before : render events in most cases . If
you need to know that the view is in the DOM then you can use attach or dom : refresh
which is triggered after the attachment event and every subsequent render event .
Learn more about view lifecycle events here .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 import Mn from 'backbone.marionette ' ; const template = _.template ( ' < h1 > Marionette says hello ! < /h1 > ' ) ; const MyView = Mn.View.extend ( { el : 'body ' , template : template , onBeforeRender ( ) { console .log ( 'Before render ' ) } , onRender ( ) { console .log ( 'Render ' ) } , } ) ; const myView = new MyView ( ) ; myView.render ( ) ;
Live example
Child views events
The childEvents attribute was renamed to childViewEvents .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 import Mn from 'backbone.marionette ' ; const template1 = _.template ( ' < h1 > Marionette says hello ! < /h1 > ' ) ; const template2 = _.template ( ' < h1 > Marionette is awesome ! < /h1 > ' ) ; const myView1 = new Mn.View ( { template : template1 } ) ; const myView2 = new Mn.View ( { template : template2 } ) ; const MyView = Mn.View.extend ( { el : ' # container ' , template : false , regions : { region1 : ' # region1 ' , region2 : ' # region2 ' } , childViewEvents : { 'render ' : function ( ) { console .log ( 'ChildView was rendered ' ) ; } } , onRender ( ) { this .showChildView ( 'region1 ' , myView1 ) ; this .showChildView ( 'region2 ' , myView2 ) ; } } ) ; const myView = new MyView ( ) ; myView.render ( ) ;
Live example
Proxied events do not append this by default
In Marionette v2 all events that were proxied to the parent prepended the child view as the
1st argument of the event . In v3 this is no longer the case . All internally triggered events
will prepend the childView as the 1st argument , but custom triggered events wo n't by default .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 import Mn from 'backbone.marionette ' ; const template1 = _.template ( ' < h1 > Marionette says hello ! < /h1 > ' ) ; const myView1 = new Mn.View ( { template : template1 } ) ; const MyView = Mn.View.extend ( { el : ' # container ' , template : false , regions : { region1 : ' # region1 ' } , onRender ( ) { this .showChildView ( 'region1 ' , myView1 ) ; myView1.triggerMethod ( 'foo ' , 'bar ' ) ; } , onChildviewFoo : function ( childView , myArg ) { } } ) ; const myView = new MyView ( ) ; myView.render ( ) ;
Live example
Templates
templateHelpers property was renamed to templateContext .
Controller
Marionette.Controller was removed . Use Marionette.Object
Application
Application now only accepts a single region instead of acting more as a LayoutView .
Also initializers were removed . Use the start event to initialize other classes .
Last the global wreqr channels on Application were removed . Use Backbone.Radio channels .
Module
Marionette.Module was removed . A modern module loader such as browserify or webpack is preferred .
However there is a shim for Marionette.Module available here .
RegionManager
Marionette.RegionManager was removed . This publicly exposed class was mostly used as a common
class used between LayoutView and Application .
Backbone.Wreqr was replaced with Backbone.Radio
Read more
on why we decided to replace it .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 import Mn from 'backbone.marionette ' ; import Radio from 'backbone.radio ' ; const channel = Radio.channel ( 'notify ' ) ; const Notification = Mn.Object.extend ( { initialize : function ( ) { channel.reply ( 'show : message ' , this .showMessage ) ; } , showMessage : function ( msg ) { alert ( msg ) } } ) ; const notify = new Notification ( ) ; const MyView = Mn.View.extend ( { template : false , onRender : function ( ) { channel.request ( 'show : message ' , 'View was rendered ' ) ; } } ) ; const myView = new MyView ( ) ; myView.render ( ) ;
Live example
Backbone.BabySitter which was a fundament for managing child view ,
became a core part of Marionette.js , and is no longer a dependency of Marionette .
Do n't worry if you use it directly , it 's still a supported library so you can use it
separately in your Backbone.js applications .
Marionette 's bundled build
Marionette now only has a single build and requires Radio as a dependency .
Other changes
For additional information check out the upgrade guide .
The Marionette v3 compat tool also details the breaking changes in its documentation .
We would strongly recommend looking at Marionette guides ,
simple setups with different build tools and additional resources
to build awesome stuff using Marionette.js v3 .
Thank you everyone for your contributions and helping v3 out ! Cheers !
iamn1ck
Offline
Activity : 1
Merit : 0
NewbieActivity : 1Merit : 0 Re : [ HOW-TO ] Gray 's Just-Dice.com Bot ( Easy Money ) September 09 , 2013 , 08:47:46 PM # 41 Ok I found a temporary solution . It appears JD has implemented new DDoS protection so it does n't get spammed with bets .
Edit the script and search for `` this.delay '' . it will initally be 0 , change it to whatever you want the delay to be . I have only tried 1000 ( 1 second ) .
drinkmorecoffee
Offline
Activity : 58
Merit : 0
NewbieActivity : 58Merit : 0 Re : [ HOW-TO ] Gray 's Just-Dice.com Bot ( Easy Money ) September 20 , 2013 , 05:53:07 PM # 45 I adjusted the this.delay setting , but that did n't seem to fix the problem . I even went to the window.settimeout ( ) call and hard-coded a 500ms delay . The bets do seem to occur more slowly , but just-dice still balks . At first it asks if I 'm betting from multiple locations ( I 'm not ) , then it stops , tells me that Gray 's bot is broken , and blocks my IP for an hour .
The really weird thing is that it worked for a few hours a couple days ago when I first installed it . Now it 's pretty much nonfunctional .
What happened ?
askinquestions
Offline
Activity : 5
Merit : 0
NewbieActivity : 5Merit : 0 Re : [ HOW-TO ] Gray 's Just-Dice.com Bot ( Easy Money ) September 21 , 2013 , 04:09:27 AM
Last edit : September 21 , 2013 , 04:21:39 AM by askinquestions # 48 Any way to easily modify this to bet a percentage of my total BTC on JD ?
I 'm not really into martingale but I 'd like to have it just bet like a certain percentage of what I 've got at all times , with a roll hi and roll low button for single rolls .
You know , if I wanted to bet 10 % each time ; If I have 100BTC and bet 10 % ( 10BTC ) , and I win , now I have 110 BTC and I want to bet again for 10 % so it would wager 11BTC . If I lost one my next bet would be 10BTC . If I lost that bet my next bet would be 10 % ( 9BTC ) .
This would help someone wager a level percentage , and if your bankroll goes down your bet gets smaller and smaller , meaning your risk of ending up at zero is almost nil . Your risk of ruin is very very low , and if you hit a hot streak you can maximize your bets at whatever risk level you 're comfortable with .
You would have to win one more than you lose to remain positive though , for instance if you were betting 10 % and you started with 100 , and you lost one , you 'd be at 90 , winning will put you to 99 . If you lose again you 're at 89.1 , if you win again you 're at 98.01 . Essentially you 'll still never get to zero . Ten percent is a lot to wager at once as well . If it were at 2 % for instance you 'd lose two , and win two , you 'd be at 99.92 .
marcotheminer
Offline
Activity : 1316
Merit : 1004
Newbies may msg me ! If you 're legit , things work .
LegendaryActivity : 1316Merit : 1004Newbies may msg me ! If you 're legit , things work . Re : [ HOW-TO ] Gray 's Just-Dice.com Bot ( Easy Money ) September 21 , 2013 , 04:33:31 AM # 49
Lets go , lets do this !
Ill do it Meh , should I give it a try ? Lets go , lets do this ! Ill do it
Business ideas ? Keen on kickstarting an interesting project ? Message me ! Let 's see how we can work together and create . May or May Not be a Ponzi . Use at own risk : https : //t.me/Arbitrage_ETH_Bot ? start=e3utse4680 . Arbitrage is still slightly profitable .
drinkmorecoffee
Offline
Activity : 58
Merit : 0
NewbieActivity : 58Merit : 0 Re : [ HOW-TO ] Gray 's Just-Dice.com Bot ( Easy Money ) September 27 , 2013 , 05:18:06 PM # 53 Quote from : Magazine on September 20 , 2013 , 07:39:59 PM Tried this and I got banned for a hour for spamming too many bets . Anyone knows a fix .
Had the same problem . There 's a term `` this.delay '' that 's used in a couple places , ostensibly to slow everything down and avoid being banned for spamming . I 've changed this delay and even hard coded my own very long delays , but it does n't seem to respect it at all . Just bets as fast as it can .
Can anyone comment ? I like this bot , but it 's not usable in its current form . Had the same problem . There 's a term `` this.delay '' that 's used in a couple places , ostensibly to slow everything down and avoid being banned for spamming . I 've changed this delay and even hard coded my own very long delays , but it does n't seem to respect it at all . Just bets as fast as it can.Can anyone comment ? I like this bot , but it 's not usable in its current form .
drinkmorecoffee
Offline
Activity : 58
Merit : 0
NewbieActivity : 58Merit : 0 Re : [ HOW-TO ] Gray 's Just-Dice.com Bot ( Easy Money ) October 16 , 2013 , 05:29:45 PM # 55
I also added an autorecover feature that will enable the script to detect long lag events like server resets . It will automatically reload the page if the lag is too long and will resume betting once everything loads up . I ran it through the night last night and did n't have to interact with it at all though I know the server reset at least once . A console log message is generated when betting begins , so you can see whether or not the script reset itself .
The changes were pretty extensive so I just renamed the script . I 'm not entirely sure what the protocol is for upgrading someone else 's work , and I certainly do n't want to take away from Gray , who made a great bot and started this little JavaScript learning adventure for me . That said , this script is quite different on the back end from the original vision , so I felt justified in renaming it .
You can find it here :
Tip/donation address , if you 're feeling generous : 1GSbiUPeASc6X78TPzohGfVquvtG2Soqow So ... I fixed this bot . I could n't get it to work without spamming the server and causing me to get banned for an hour at a shot . The `` this.delay '' feature seems completely ineffective and it would only run for a few seconds at a time before the server booted me . As a learning project , I rewrote it to monitor visual elements on the page rather than use arbitrary delays or wait for server messages.I also added an autorecover feature that will enable the script to detect long lag events like server resets . It will automatically reload the page if the lag is too long and will resume betting once everything loads up . I ran it through the night last night and did n't have to interact with it at all though I know the server reset at least once . A console log message is generated when betting begins , so you can see whether or not the script reset itself.The changes were pretty extensive so I just renamed the script . I 'm not entirely sure what the protocol is for upgrading someone else 's work , and I certainly do n't want to take away from Gray , who made a great bot and started this little JavaScript learning adventure for me . That said , this script is quite different on the back end from the original vision , so I felt justified in renaming it.You can find it here : http : //pastebin.com/hf1TmCp8 Tip/donation address , if you 're feeling generous : 1GSbiUPeASc6X78TPzohGfVquvtG2Soqow
drinkmorecoffee
Offline
Activity : 58
Merit : 0
NewbieActivity : 58Merit : 0 Re : [ HOW-TO ] Gray 's Just-Dice.com Bot ( Easy Money ) October 17 , 2013 , 04:10:03 PM # 58 Quote
is this the working one ? grays bot use to lock my account before
That was exactly the problem I was having , which is the very reason I reworked it . It should n't boot you any longer .
Quote What strategy is the bot doing actually ?
Would be more interesting to know that
It 's a Martingale bot . In its simplest form it bets at as close to 50 % odds as you can get and doubles down on a loss . So if you bet once and win , you bet the same amount next time . If you lose , you bet double next time so if you win that one you still come out ahead .
Look at the script though , there are a couple options in there for handling long loss streaks , which are the one major weakness of the Martingale system . Your strategy is up to you , I just have some options in there that you can play with . That was exactly the problem I was having , which is the very reason I reworked it . It should n't boot you any longer.It 's a Martingale bot . In its simplest form it bets at as close to 50 % odds as you can get and doubles down on a loss . So if you bet once and win , you bet the same amount next time . If you lose , you bet double next time so if you win that one you still come out ahead.Look at the script though , there are a couple options in there for handling long loss streaks , which are the one major weakness of the Martingale system . Your strategy is up to you , I just have some options in there that you can play with .
Former Pelicans coach and current Thunder assistant coach Monty Williams is among the names in contention for the freshly opened Nets vacancy , as NetsDaily has been told ( Twitter link ) . Much of the attention has surrounded long-ago Nets coach John Calipari , but he reportedly wants a dual coach/executive role , and Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov said in a press conference today that he 'd prefer to have a separate coach and GM . Ohm Youngmisuk of ESPNNewYork.com heard that the Nets could consider St. John 's coach Chris Mullin , but it 's unclear whether his source was merely speculating .
Williams has quickly built a strong bond with soon-to-be free agent Kevin Durant since joining the Thunder staff in the offseason , which certainly wo n't hurt the coach 's candidacy for any NBA vacancy . He 's also close with Anthony Davis , his former Pelicans player , but Davis just signed a five-year extension with New Orleans this past summer , shortly after the team canned Williams .
New Orleans experienced an 11-win improvement last year in its final season under Williams , going 45-37 and grabbing the final playoff spot in the Western Conference before falling to the Warriors in a first-round sweep . It was the first time New Orleans had gone to the playoffs since the 2010/11 season , Williams ' first year as coach , when the then-Hornets lost in six games to the Lakers . The New Orleans job is his only NBA head coaching gig to date , though he spent five seasons as a Trail Blazers assistant before he took it , and he 's also served as an assistant coach for Team USA .
Do you think Williams would make sense for the Nets ? Leave a comment to share your thoughts .
This Twitter-Loving Trekkie Is the NSA 's Worst Enemy
Michigan Congressman Justin Amash , a 34-year-old Republican , has lots of opinions .
The correct name for Star Trek fans ? “ Trekkies ” — not “ Trekkers. ” The latest installment of Captain America ? A “ fantastic ” indictment of government surveillance . Using hashtags on Twitter ? Soooo 2008 .
But those are n't the beliefs that have put Amash in the cross-hairs of his fellow Republicans , who have called him a “ wacko bird , ” an “ egregious asshole , ” someone who “ votes more with the Democrats than with the Republicans , ” and most recently , “ al Qaeda 's best friend in the Congress. ” Some GOP lawmakers have gone so far as to donate money to his primary opponent . Amash , in turn , uses Twitter and Facebook to call out other Republican lawmakers by name and accuse them of sacrificing core GOP beliefs for political gain .
The fight stems from Amash 's uncompromising belief that the federal government has grown far too large and far too powerful , especially when it comes to national security . He has reserved particular fury for the National Security Agency ( NSA ) , which he sees as an out-of-control spy agency that has run roughshod over the Constitution and the privacy rights of ordinary Americans . Amash wants to sharply rein in the NSA 's powers , and — to the surprise and consternation of many in his own party — the young lawmaker may help determine the makeup of the historic NSA reform bill cobbled together by powerful lawmakers from both parties .
At the moment , Congress is closer than ever to passing far-reaching legislation that would end the spy agency 's bulk collection of Americans ' personal data . The USA Freedom Act , sponsored by Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner ( R-Wis. ) , is backed by the White House and senior lawmakers in both parties . It was forged as a compromise between hawkish defenders of the NSA and prominent civil libertarians . But as it moves closer to a floor vote this month , both Republican and Democratic leaders are watching with anxiety as Amash contemplates whether to wage a scorched-earth revolt against the less-than-pure bill or to try to add modest amendments to the current legislation . Last year , Amash surprised observers by reaching across the aisle and winning more than 200 Republican and Democratic votes for an NSA reform provision that went much further than his own party 's leadership was willing to go . He lost that fight , but gained credibility as a coalition-builder in the process . Amash has yet to telegraph his plans for the current bill , but he insists he wo n't accept cosmetic changes to the NSA 's spying powers .
“ If it looks like they want to move some of their pseudo-reforms through , then certainly we 're going to stand up and fight against that , ” Amash said during an interview in his Washington office .
The long-delayed legislative effort to rein in the NSA overcame two significant hurdles last week with the passage of the USA Freedom Act in the House Judiciary Committee and the House Intelligence Committee . Civil libertarians had long supported the bill because of its outright ban on the NSA 's bulk data collection of Americans ' phone records and its overhaul of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance ( FISA ) Court , the court that oversees NSA surveillance activities .
Amash , an original co-sponsor of the bill , was one of a handful of lawmakers involved in drafting the legislation . But the bill has changed significantly on its way to the House floor , making it vulnerable to an insurrection by him and other hard-line civil libertarians . If he pushes back too hard , however , Amash will be written off by House leadership and lose any chance to work on the bill from the inside so it includes piecemeal reforms he cares about . The fundamental question he confronts is whether to allow the perfect to be the enemy of the good .
“ If Amash wants to go in heavy and has a predictably stringent red line , he 's not going to get to play ball , ” warned a senior leadership aide .
Most complaints from civil liberties advocates about the revised USA Freedom Act center on a few key compromises . In its original version , the bill prohibited the government from gaining access to the content of Americans ' data if collected in the process of targeting foreign terrorists , a technique known as “ backdoor searches. ” The revised version allows for those types of searches to continue . The original version also included a provision for a special advocate to argue on the side of user privacy in significant cases before the FISA court . The revised version omits the special advocate provision and allows the government to search records up to two degrees , or “ hops , ” away from a suspect pending approval by a judge .
“ It clearly is not as pro-privacy as the original act , but it does make some improvements over current surveillance practices , ” said Amash 's chief of staff , Will Adams . “ We 're exploring whether we can improve it on the House floor . ”
The fact that Amash even registers on the radar screen of powerful lawmakers at all is an oddity . The House of Representatives is a majority-driven institution , making it much less vulnerable to the whims of any individual lawmaker . Unlike the Senate , where a Ted Cruz or a Rand Paul can single-handedly torpedo bipartisan legislation , rogue lawmakers hold much less sway in the lower chamber . But Amash is not an army of one , as GOP leaders learned the hard way last year .
In the summer of 2013 , following Edward Snowden 's disclosures of the NSA 's broad domestic spying operations , Amash made it a priority to defang the spy agency any way he could . He joined forces with Rep. John Conyers , a progressive Michigan Democrat , on an amendment to limit NSA data collection only to individuals under investigation for potential terrorism links . He then set out to build a critical mass of libertarian Republicans and progressive Democrats in support of the amendment , drawing up spreadsheets of potential swing voters and canvassing their offices .
Although fiercely opposed by House Speaker John Boehner , Amash managed to win support from more than 200 lawmakers for the amendment , forcing Boehner to allow a floor vote . Although the reworked provision ultimately lost by an excruciatingly close 12 votes , 205-217 , the effort put Amash on the map as a major player in the surveillance debate and showed leadership the significant appetite for reform in both parties .
“ People would n't even be talking about these reforms now if it was n't for Amash 's leadership on removing the NSA 's bulk collection authorities last year , ” Rep. Jared Polis , a liberal Colorado Democrat , said in an interview .
“ He rallied members of the Republican Party and people on our side of the aisle who shared his view , ” added Rep. Zoe Lofgren ( D-Calif. ) . “ It was a left-right coalition , and it came close to succeeding . ”
Since his entrance into the House in 2011 , Amash has earned a reputation as the rightful successor to Ron Paul , the Texas iconoclast whose libertarian beliefs led him to vote against nearly every bill that came across his desk . Amash met Paul through his older brother David Paul , a pastor at Trinity Lutheran Church in Amash 's hometown of Grand Rapids , Michigan . In
some ways , Amash shares the now-retired congressman 's beliefs even more fully than his son , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , who has been trying to appeal to a wider audience as he gears up for a 2016 presidential run . Although both lawmakers have locked horns with GOP leadership , Amash seems to relish his public spats with top Republican brass even when it harms his standing in the party .
Following his vote against Paul Ryan 's ( R-Wis. ) 2012 budget plan — Amash said it did n't reduce U.S. debt fast enough — the GOP Senate Steering Committee stripped him of his committee assignments . Even then , the scolding did not moderate his behavior .
“ If Speaker Boehner wants to come back to my district , he 's not going to be met with very much welcome , ” Amash threatened after the decision .
By contrast , Paul , the junior senator from Kentucky , has strengthened his associations with the GOP establishment , most significantly with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . Although the two politicians initially worked against each other — McConnell backed Paul 's GOP challenger , Trey Grayson , in Kentucky 's 2010 primary — McConnell has since tried desperately to bury the hatchet , even hiring a former top Paul aide , Jesse Benton , to oversee his re-election campaign .
Though Amash has shown little interest in cozying up to the establishment in a similar way , he enjoys displaying his associations to both libertarian icons .
Just last week , the congressman tweeted out a mock Beatles ' album cover that replaced the portraits of the Fab Four with those of Ron Paul , Rand Paul , and himself . ( If you do n't recognize the squinting , bespectacled lad in the bottom right , that 's Kentucky Congressman Thomas Massie , an enthusiastic libertarian foot soldier . )
Though proud to walk in both Pauls ' footsteps , Amash says his uniquely contrarian persona plays to his advantage when building support for specific issues across party lines .
“ I 'm not that concerned with whether the leadership is upset with me or whether the president 's upset with me , ” he said in an interview . “ I think that actually helps me to build coalitions . People are not as cynical about my approach as they might be about other legislators . ”
But that approach is not without its consequences . A vengeful GOP establishment is currently pouring money into Amash 's primary challenger , businessman Brian Ellis , ahead of Michigan 's August contest . In recent weeks , Ellis has gotten sizable checks from Home Depot , Dow Chemical , and even fellow Michigan GOP lawmakers . One of Amash 's most outspoken critics is Rep. Mike Rogers ( R-Mich. ) , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee . When asked about Amash 's views on government surveillance , Rogers , who personally cut a check of $ 5,000 to Amash 's opponent , accused him of willful ignorance .
“ I 've been disappointed in many members because they do n't want to know the facts , ” Rogers told Foreign Policy . “ It 's dangerous when people care more about the brand of who they are instead of the substance . This is the front line of protecting the country . ”
Amash dismisses such attacks . “ It 's frightening and dangerous that there are members of Congress who want to ignore the Constitution , ” Amash said . “ That 's what we should really be concerned about . ”
The son of immigrants , Amash 's father lived in a Palestinian refugee camp in the West Bank in the 1950s before moving to West Michigan after a church sponsored his family 's emigration . It was in Michigan that he met his wife , a Syrian immigrant , and built up a lucrative hardware business from the ground up . Justin , who has one younger and one older brother , earned a bachelor 's degree and law degree from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor . A member of the Eastern Orthodox Church , he and his wife , Kara , have three children .
From those humble beginnings , Amash finds himself grappling with his support for one of the most significant overhauls of the FISA court since the passage of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act in 1978 . But although the USA Freedom Act has some of his fingerprints on it , it is now a piece of legislation forged out of a compromise between national security hawks and doves — a fact that is rankling some privacy advocates .
“ The revised USA Freedom Act omits some of the most crucial provisions of the original bill , ” said Patrice McDermott , executive director of Open the Government , in a statement . Citing the government 's liberal use of Section 215 of the Patriot Act to justify broad surveillance practices not intentionally authorized by Congress , McDermott said the bill would not guarantee that the bulk collection program has ended .
Lofgren , who worked with Amash closely during the surveillance reform debate last year , attempted to attach additional privacy protections in the USA Freedom Act in the Judiciary Committee on Wednesday , May 7 , but each amendment failed . In opposing the measures , lawmakers repeatedly cited the fragile deal forged with the House Intelligence Committee on the overall design of the bill .
It 's unclear whether Boehner will attempt to block similar amendments when the bill arrives to the House floor . According to a senior GOP leadership aide , the speaker has not yet ruled out the idea of allowing last-minute changes . “ We have n't closed the door to amendments , ” said the aide .
Although very little in Amash 's career suggests a willingness to compromise on issues involving individual liberty and surveillance , those close to him have suggested a newfound pragmatism .
“ Justin is much more effective now than he was just two years ago , ” said Republican Congressman Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina . “ He 's doing better and is starting to understand that not everything is worth shipwrecking things over . ”
If Mulvaney is right , Amash may not wind up going to the mat to radically transform the USA Freedom Act . If past is prologue , however , the libertarian firebrand may want to wage one last fight before the bill leaves the House . It 's a decision that could determine the future of America 's most powerful spy agency .
San Diego 's been grappling for the last couple years with what makes a vibrant startup community .
Certainly , a vibrant community is one that fosters a culture of ideas and creativity to help startups grow into world-class companies . Now , there 's a new model to help cities get there , and it involves a new kind of leadership .
Brad Feld , who founded TechStars , one of the most successful startup ecosystems in the world , has written a book about this new model for startups , “ Startup Communities : Building an Entrepreneurial Ecosystem in Your City. ” He describes how he helped create a startup community in Boulder , Colo. , and says that if the right things happen , any community can create one .
Let 's examine what Feld calls the Boulder Thesis and see whether San Diego is following it .
Feld 's Boulder Thesis consists of the following things a startup community must have :
• Entrepreneurs must lead the startup community .
• Leaders must make a long-term commitment .
• The startup community must be inclusive of anyone who wants to participate in it .
• The startup community must have continual activities that engage the entire entrepreneurial stack .
Entrepreneurs must lead the startup community .
That entrepreneurs must lead is a new concept .
Feld attributes this to the growth of new successful tech startup communities like Silicon Valley , Boulder and Austin . This was further backed up with a study released this month by The Kauffman Foundation , which found that entrepreneurship is a local phenomenon and that entrepreneurs follow entrepreneurs . Why is this important ? Because peer-to-peer learning fuels rapid growth .
But are San Diego entrepreneurs leading ? Not as much as they should be – and there are some key reasons why .
San Diego has many groups and universities that led in the past when it comes to creating startups . These groups are still very helpful . Organizations such as Connect and Evonexus have a group of former entrepreneurs who have been asked to help startups in their area of expertise .
But these groups now need to take a backseat . They should also allow a new group of tech entrepreneurs to be more involved in the leadership and design of their programs .
There are some entrepreneurs here , however , who are leading in San Diego .
One such group includes founders Melani Gordon of Bevato and Al Bsharah of Embarke who put together San Diego Startup Week , June 17-21 , where you can go on a tour of the hottest tech companies downtown . This same group also formed StartupSandiego.co as a place to learn more about San Diego startups .
Another group includes Yashar Ahmadpour of CrowdClock , Randy Apuzzo of Zesty and Michael Sacca of Tiny Factory , who have launched Local Startups San Diego , a site that will show off local tech companies technology in a way that you can experience , test and try . It gives visitors a way to use the technology being built , find out more about each company and actually use the products .
Downtown tech entrepreneurs with larger companies share their knowledge and raise substantial investment dollars . Entrepreneurs like Zeeto Media founder Stephan Goss , SweetLabs founder Darrius Thompson , Digital-Telepathy founder Chuck Longenecker and Steven Cox and Chris Waldron of TakeLessons.com .
But even though these founders act as mentors and are involved in growing the community , it 's still mostly on a part-time basis .
“ I want to mentor more , but I have a hard time connecting with entrepreneurs when it is just a 30-minute mentor sessions , ” said Thompson . “ I 'm looking to get more involved and am I looking for the right way to do it . In San Diego , we do n't have such a community . ”
Leaders must make a long-term commitment .
Here is another area that San Diego seems to be lacking .
This is important to sustain the startup community through the many cycles that cities and the country might go through . Feld says that many leaders are excited about startups during a downturn , but when things are going well , the commitment fades .
Sure , there are some local standouts , like Steve Cox , CEO of TakeLessons.com . Cox is proving that a large successful company can start in San Diego and attract substantial investment .
And longtime San Diego entrepreneur Blaise Barrelet has invested in several San Diego companies with his Analytics Ventures startup accelerator .
But other than that , most of the entrepreneur leadership is either very new or inconsistent .
San Diego needs 10 more Steve Coxes –entrepreneurs creating companies and attracting investment , and more local investors who are willing to help .
The startup community must be inclusive of anyone who wants to participate in it .
This is one that I will try to cover more in depth later , but it seems to be getting better .
“ Just four to five years ago I would go to a tech startup event and there would be no one there . Startup events were hard to find back then , ” Patrick Dillon , president and co-founder of Deal Current , told me .
Anyone can add their startup to the Local Startup San Diego site and have the community test their product . The events that startup expert Brant Cooper organizes , like San Diego Tech Founders meetup and Tech Coffee , are open to anyone . Jerry Hall , founder of GovAlert.me , organizes an entrepreneurial event called 1million cups each week that is open to anyone .
The startup community must have continual activities that engage the entire entrepreneurial stack .
What this means , says Feld , is activities that include all types of entrepreneurs – first-timers , experienced and aspiring entrepreneurs . It also includes everyone else involved in the startup community , including employees of startups , service providers , investors , mentors and everyone else who wants to be involved .
The activities that all these people must go beyond tech coffees or single events . They include hack-a-thons , ongoing mentor sessions , intense accelerator programs and startup weekends . These activities are supposed to actively engage the startups and give the entrepreneur something to do in a helpful way .
This is one area that is improving in San Diego 's growing startup ecosystem , but still has a ways to go . As many of the entrepreneurs leading the amazing growth in San Diego continue to build the startup community , these will happen naturally .
Some Suggestions
On top of what Feld suggests , here are a few other ways San Diego can enhance its startup community :
• Some of the organizations like Connect and Evonexus should re-examine their hierarchal system and realize that , although they are still important to the startup community , they can not lead in the way they used to . In fact , Feld says they can actually hurt .
• New TechStars-like accelerators need to be formed in San Diego , led by entrepreneurs . These are company-building projects .
• Successful entrepreneurs and investors need to get involved in the startup community .
• I 'd like to see Qualcomm Ventures get more involved . They are a $ 500 million fund with very small ties to the local startup community .
• The city of San Diego needs to make it easier for startups to locate in San Diego to form a hub of innovation in areas like Makers Quarter and the upcoming I.D.E.A . District .
If you have a startup event or want to join the discussion leave a comment below , or email me at blair @ zambig.com .
Meet the $ 25,000 taco , in all its non street-food glory
> > Click to see Houston 's best tacos . This is the $ 25,000 taco served at a resort in Cabo . > > Click to see Houston 's best tacos . This is the $ 25,000 taco served at a resort in Cabo . Image 1 of / 25 Captions Close Meet the $ 25,000 taco , in all its non street-food glory 1 / 25 Back to Gallery
Cabo San Lucas is known for having some of the most beautiful beaches in the world . Now it might have a taco to match .
What some people might spend on a sedan or semester of college , others put down for a gold-flecked dish at Grand Velas Los Cabos Resort . Meet : the $ 25,000 taco from the resort restaurant 's Frida dinner . It was invented by chef Juan Licerio Alcala , a Durango , Mexico native .
ICON : Could breakfast tacos be the newest iconic food of Texas ?
What makes this portable meal so expensive ? The ingredients . Almas Beluga caviar , Kobe beef , black truffled brie and langoustine are held together by gold flake-embedded tortillas .
It 's topped with exclusive tequila Ley .925 , Morita chili peppers and cevit coffee . Civet coffee defecated by an Asian civet , a catlike creature who has been fed coffee cherries .
Of course , you can pair that with one of their tequilas . Like the one used in the salsa : Ley .925 Pasión Azteca Ultra-Premium Añejo , which goes for $ 150,000 per bottle .
Breakfast tacos : Where to get them in Houston
`` I created the taco by searching for the most premium products from Mexico—like the Morita chiles , tequila , lobster—and combining them with the most expensive ingredients found around the globe , '' Alcala told Conde Nast Traveler .
Maybe now Texans wo n't complain about overpriced tacos in New York when there 's one way more expensive just south .
Video : Chef Ryan Scott 's Street Tacos ( Carnitas )
Check out how chef Ryan Scott makes his famous tacos in the video above .
Welcome back to Scion 's School ! Today we 're going to talk about an oft-requested topic : the inexact science of redrawing a hand .
A key factor of skill in card games is the ability to reduce or mitigate the damage of randomness on any one particular plan . As much as our opponent , chaos is the enemy of our strategy . Everything that we can do to reduce the impact of randomness on our lives will substantially improve the percentage of games that we win . This is n't about eliminating randomness entirely or winning every game – indeed , most Master players have a winrate of about 60 % . What it is about is having the best possible chance to win a game due to our own decisions in deckbuilding , play , and that scary initial choice of what hand to keep .
Basic Rules
We 've covered mulligan rules at RNG Eternal before , but here 's a quick primer :
Your first hand is always completely random . Your redrawn hand will have 2-5 power , meaning it will always have at least two power and/or two playable cards . Seek Power and other spell cards that we grab us power sources from our deck will not count towards this limit . You get to see who goes first while making redraw choices . That player wo n't draw a card on his first turn , while the player who goes second will .
The Three Turn Plan
Since we ca n't just look at every hand of cards in Eternal and say which ones are right and wrong , we need a broad rule of thumb to help us make decisions . Here 's the one I use : For every hand of cards that you are looking at , we need a plan for turn one through three . We do n't need to do something on every turn , and we do n't have to do something amazing with those turns . What we do want is to know that , at the end of three turns , we have done something to influence the game in favor of our deck . At least four of our cards should contribute to this plan in some way .
A good three turn plans has the following qualities :
Your three turn plan should support your deck plan . Your three turn plan should survive first contact with the enemy . Your three turn plan should not rely heavily on drawing a particular card .
1 . Supporting Your Deck
The first question we need to ask ourselves is : what does our deck do ? If it 's an aggro deck , the only good three turn plans are the ones that create aggressive , early threats and keep them alive . For example , a Rakano Warcry deck is only going to keep a hand that has 1-2 cost units in it , preferably several . The Stonescar Maulers deck focuses heavily on removal as support for its units , so naturally , it wants to play a unit or two worth supporting and have some amount of removal to back it up .
If we 're a slower control or midrange deck we care more about two things : playing a power drop each turn , and living long enough to see our late game . Remember , a lot of aggro decks can kill you in four to five turns . Plopping a Sandstorm Titan on turn 4 is powerful , but it is n't necessarily going to save us if we did stone nothing for the first few rounds . Likewise , playing cards like Harsh Rule on turn 5 allow us to have a very thin three turn plans , but we still have to play something or we are almost guaranteed to get smacked down by aggressive decks . Keeping hands with stall units like Temple Scribe or Talir 's Favored or helpful removal like Permafrost or Lightning Storm is crucial to getting to later game cards . We do n't keep a hand with two Channel the Tempest ; we throw it back and expect to draw that card later than part of our decks strategy .
If we 're a combo deck , our overall deck plan is going to involve assembling and defending the combo . We should consider hands that have at least some of those cards as part of our three turn plan , as even without playing them , we have made progress towards our goal by keeping them . But again , we still need cards to defend the deck and progress the game into a position where we can play that combo . Be careful keeping combo hands unless they have what you need .
Regardless of what kind of deck you have , there are a lot of obvious indicators that there is n't have a good plan :
Hands with two power and only 3+cost cards .
Hands with 3 or more high cost ( 5+ ) unplayable cards .
Hands with 5 power or more and nothing to build to .
Hands with only one influence color . Building your influence supports your deck later !
Our first three turns should set the tone for what 's to come . Influence and power need to be in a place where we have enough to play most of our cards . We typically need to play at least one unit , and it 's also very helpful to have at least one card that screws up your opponents plan . Speaking of :
2 . First Contact
As fond as we are of Von Moltke , our basic battle plan should always be designed to survive first contact with the enemy . We need to know what hurts our deck in the early game – whether it be an aggressive curve or a quick removal spell – and keep some sort of answer to that problem in the back pocket .
Removal in Eternal is common and expected . We should n't play a hand that only does one thing and not expect it to get messed up somehow . For example , say we have an aggressive hand with three power , two Torches , an Oni Ronin , and a Hammer of Might . At first glance , this is on the raw end of OK – it 's got some removal , which is a helpful part of your plan to aggress , and the Hammer at the top is probably going to be ready since your first three turns will be playing power . So we keep that hand , plop the Oni Ronin down on 1 , and – boop – it gets hit by a Torch , a Permafrost , or perhaps most insultingly , a Snowball .
Suddenly , we 're not an aggro deck anymore , and the whole battle plan goes south immediately . If we 're on the draw , we might have a 3 in 4 chance to draw a new unit and get your Warcry roll started . If we 're on the play , the odds of finding a two-cost card are practically a coin toss . This stumble is very bad for our deck plan .
Now , if that Ronin were a Crownwatch Paladin , this hand becomes perfectly keepable because Paladin usually survives at least one spell . With the torches in tow to clear blockers and set up your warcries , we can easily get our aggro roll started with this card or force our opponent to blow two good removal spells on it . That is n't to say it 's impossible to kill , but it 's likely to cost enough resources or time that developing the card will have been worth it . Likewise , playing a Champion of Chaos as our only unit with three influence of a color behind usually makes a decent plan , since only Vanquish tends to kill it early . Playing it as a blank 3/3 means we 're likely to lose it immediately .
In most aggro situations , the real solution here is to have multiple units so that the first , and hopefully even second , removal do n't send you grinding to a screeching halt . Aggro decks want redundancy in their early hands .
If we 're playing a slower , mostly unitless control deck , it 's not removal that bothers us , but an aggressive curve . If the opponent 's play is Oni Ronin , Rakano Outlaw , Valkyrie Enforcer , how bad does our situation look at the end of three turns ? If we have a Lightning Storm and a Lightning Strike , maybe not too awful . If you have Levitated , Wisdom of the Elders , and a Whispering Wind , it 's completely miserable . We should have at least one piece of removal in our opening hand – probably even two .
Think about what commonly hurts you and whether or not you have a response to it . You do n't have to have a hand of perfect answers to keep , but you do need to mitigate the potential damage a deck can do if you want your initial hand to transition into a fully fledged gameplan .
3 . No draw-or-fail scenario
“ This hand is awful , but it 's really good if I just draw- ” No . Throw it back . If we 're looking for one card in particular out of a 4-of set , we have less than one in five odds of seeing it in the first three turns . If it 's a particular influence we 're looking for in a two-color deck , it is less likely than a coin toss we will get it by turn three on the play .
In fact , let 's assume we have 68 cards left in our deck ( 75 – the initial hand of seven ) and we need something by turn 3.We can use a card calculator to estimate these chances . Here are some rounded odds – remember , we 'll get three draws if we 're 2nd , two draws if we 're 1st in the first three turns :
A specific unit or spell ( 4 sources )
1 draw : 6 %
2 draws : 11 %
3 draws : 17 %
One of three 2-drops OR a splash color influence ( 12 sources )
1 draw : 18 %
2 draws : 32 %
3 draws : 45 %
A common influence ( 17 sources )
1 draw : 23 %
2 draws : 40 %
3 draws : 54 %
Our third power in a super-fast aggro deck ( 23 sources )
1 draw : 30 %
2 draws : 52 %
3 draws : 67 %
Our third power in a slow control deck OR a unit in a super-fast aggro deck ( 30 sources )
1 draw : 44 %
2 draws : 69 %
3 draws : 83 %
This is why we rarely if ever keep hands with one power , or two power hands with a bunch of three-drops in them . Even at 69 % odds , keeping a hand with two power and nothing to play in control is an abysmal idea since we have a 31 % chance to completely fail to get to our mid-game . Cards like Inspire or Levitate dramatically increase the keepability of these hands due to the extra draw they provide , although they also make visualizing your initial plan more difficult .
Gambling too heavily on cards is one of the most common reasons a new player will feel their deck is against them or the power system is unfair . That hand may look great in principle , but if it 's pass or fail on the draw , you need to weigh that risk very carefully !
Beyond the first three turns
The primary reason we want to focus on the first three turns is because your hand is going to change quite a bit with each card you draw and with each play your opponent makes . As such , the overall picture of the game in your head – everything you can imagine happening – can only extend so far . But what about the 4-drops and above , cards that do n't factor into that plan ? There are bound to be a few of them in every hand . And as long as there 's only a few , that should be fine !
Have a decent picture of what your board and hand looks like after three turns when considering bigger cards . If your early plan looks healthy enough to carry you into the mid-game , that 's a good sign ! You can hold onto a card or two in excess .
The easier that you can play cards that are n't in your three turn plan , the more often you should keep them . If you know what you 're going to do on turns 1-4 , your plan is the best you can possibly make it based on your initial information . If you 're not sure what you 'll draw for turn 4 but know your turn 5 is a doozy , that 's still pretty great . Ease of play is n't the only weighing mechanism – if a card is important , like a combo piece , you may want to keep it even on a thin hand . If a card is harder to play but very important to your overall deck plan , you should keep it as long as you have at least some early game .
Closing Out
Every deck should have a plan , and every plan starts with a few key turns . Whatever those key turns look like for you , make sure your hand can support them ! Bad luck can happen to everyone , but a good plan will limit the role of luck and lead to a better , brighter game for you . Choose well , choose wisely , and we 'll see you next time for Scion 's School !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Dorrel named AFCA Coach of the Year
Former Northwest Missouri State University head football coach Adam Dorrel was named the 2016 American Football Coaches Association ( AFCA ) Division II Coach of the Year . For Dorrel , who was named the head coach at Abilene Christian on Dec. 19 , 2016 , it marks his third AFCA Coach of the Year honor , winning in 2013 and 2015.The current balloting procedure involves selection of 25 regional winners : five regional winners in each of the five divisions – FBS , FCS , Division II , Division III and NAIA . Following regional voting , five national winners – one from each division – are chosen . All schools with eligible AFCA head coaches are listed on the national ballots and members are not limited to voting for regional winners.The AFCA Coach of the Year award is the oldest and most prestigious of all the Coach of the Year awards and is the only one chosen exclusively by coaches . The award started in 1935 with the Division II Coach of the Year first being named in 1983 . Mary Hardin-Baylor 's Pete Fredenburg ( Division III ) and Kevin Donley from St. Francis ( NAIA ) joined Dorrel as 2016 AFCA National Coach of the Year winners . Division I winners will be announced at the awards banquet.Northwest went 15-0 for the second straight season , capturing the program 's sixth NCAA title . The Bearcats led the nation in total defense ( 240.9 ypg ) , rushing defense ( 67.7 ypg ) and scoring defense ( 12.0 ppg ) . The Northwest offense led the country in red zone offense at 96.2 percent . In all , the team was ranked in the NCAA 's top-20 in 29 different categories.was introduced as the 20th head coach of Bearcat football on Dec. 19 , 2016 . The press conference can be found HERE
Take a virtual tour through Medford , where you 'll find Italian specialty foods , doughnuts , mini patty melts , and more .
It 's around lunchtime in Medford . It 's rainy and cold , and there 's not as much hustle and bustle as one might expect from a busy suburb just north of Boston . Medford — locally pronounced somewhere in the range of `` Medfud '' or even `` Meffa '' — is famous for a lot of things that may not be known to most . It 's said that the popular Christmas song `` Jingle Bells '' was written here , and it 's the birthplace of the ice skate , too . Fannie Farmer , author of the famous Boston Cooking School Cookbook , is a native ; her book introduced Americans to using standardized measurements in cooking and delved into the science of cooking , a novel topic for that era .
Medford has always had a large Italian population that is still prevalent today . Bob 's Italian Foods , located on Main Street but just a little ways off of the main drag , specializes in sandwiches and popular Italian-American staples : pasta dishes and antipasto platters . The red glow from the neon lights hangs heavy , and the line for sandwiches snakes around the cramped store . Everyone ordering a sandwich seems to be a regular . The aromas coming from the sandwich station are heavenly — assorted meats , cheeses , and sauces all being melted together in between fresh bread . Next to the sandwich action , squares of Sicilian pizzas sit on display . Just beyond that , closer to the entrance , a wall of antipasto rests behind a refrigerated display case . Above that , a shockingly large round of provolone cheese sits on the counter .
Bob 's is n't alone in the Italian specialties market . A simple drive down Main Street offers several options to purchase imports . In addition to the many Italian specialty stores , there are also two main donut shops in town — Demet 's and Donuts With A Difference . Demet 's Donuts has the look of a vintage Dunkin ' Donuts with burnt orange leather seats and a counter with donuts displayed proudly behind it . Most of the donuts have sold out by the afternoon , and the place is almost deserted , save for a trio that is cozied up in the back of the shop , looking like they 've been there all day , gossiping loudly about the goings-on on in town . The atmosphere in Donuts with a Difference , located in Medford Square , differs slightly . It 's smaller , in a quaint and homey sort of way , with just a humble donut display case located behind the register and a long counter with plush barstools for people to occupy while they tear into their treats .
Right near Donuts with a Difference is Ebisuya , a Japanese grocery store . The store has rows and rows of soy sauces , mirins , and rice among many other items , as well as a sushi bar up towards the front . A couple doors down , Chilli Garden offers a special lunch menu . There are only a few lone men sitting inside , and all are on their phones . A fish tank holds giant orange fish shimmying around bubbles , and televisions are set to the news station . These are the sorts of restaurants that have been here forever and that locals rely on .
Ushering in a new school of restaurants , Tenoch is another Medford Square resident . They pride themselves on their tortas ( Mexican pressed sandwiches ) as well as other Mexican specialties . A popular spot for lunch , Tenoch constantly has a long line as people grab their lunches to go . A couple choose to stay and eat , and a family of three sits in the corner .
On the other side of town , over in West Medford , Snappy Pattys offers bite-sized patty melts in a variety of flavors . The intimate space has an open concept with a kitchen that is visible from everywhere in the restaurant . The largest part of the space is the L-shaped wooden bar that sits in the middle while small tables surround it . For a more upscale dining experience , Bistro 5 offers Italian tasting menus as well as an la carte menu with an ever-changing assortment of homemade dishes .
Although it 's quiet in Medford in the afternoon , there 's still a certain feel to it as one moves from one part of the city to the other . This is n't a touristy town , even though it 's an area rich in history . It 's a living and working community where people have a generous variety of dining options that have always been there , plus some new ones that are popping up with increasing frequency . In every establishment visited , it 's easy to get the sense that everyone else dining there is a regular , which creates an atmosphere of familiarity , even if you are n't a local .
To the Editor :
As a Japanese-American community activist I have heard many displeased responses to the Dec. 18 Sunday Review article by Amanda Sakuma , “ The Patriotism of Time at ‘ Camp . ' ” It gives the impression that members of our community channeled their camp experience into patriotism and a desire to assimilate so strong that they could embrace a presidential candidate expressing racist views .
The response to the camps was much more complex . While many Japanese Americans sent their sons to die for this country , others showed true patriotism by resisting their imprisonment . They were further punished and stigmatized for their courageous positions .
And while all of them were generous in their continued belief in American democracy , I would not characterize this as a “ fierce resolve to forgive the country that had imprisoned them , ” as Ms. Sakuma did .
After the war , many Japanese Americans remained deeply bitter and heartbroken , but held it privately . They worked to restore communities that had been destroyed in their absence . In the 1970s we witnessed the genesis of a movement to demand redress and reparations for the World War II incarceration . It was anything but quiet and passive , and came about as a result of a national organizing effort fueled by outrage and indignity .
RIYADH – 3 October 2013 . In a country where 16 GW of solar-photovoltaic capacity are set to be installed by 2032 – of which 6 GW are targeted for installation before 2020 – the time is ripe for local and international businesses to get involved in the Saudi PV market .
More Headlines Articles
Given that a few megawatts of solar PV have been installed so far , nearly 1,000 MW will need to be installed every year in order to achieve Saudi Arabia 's 2020 target . Since 1,000 MW of PV equates to around 6 million m2 , this means that roughly 4 million solar panels will be required per year , or more than 10,000 solar panels per day.Land requirements , however , should not be a limitation , as vast amounts of space are available in the desert . The challenge lies in understanding how Saudi Arabia 's desert conditions can influence the operation and output of a PV power plant ; a topic that will be discussed in depth at the upcoming �Desert Solar in Saudi Arabia ' conference.The conference is part of the International Solar PV Trade Mission : Saudi Arabia that will take place from 10 to 14 November . The trade mission is jointly organized in a partnership between Netherlands-based Solarplaza and the Saudi Arabia Solar Industry Association ( SASIA ) .During the one-day Desert Solar conference , Saudi experts will discuss practical business cases in relation to the operation and maintenance ( O & M ) of PV plants in the desert , an area that requires more attention than any other PV application . Other topics will explore the financial conditions for PV power plant development in the kingdom , and lessons gained from operating PV plants in U.S . deserts . `` Saudi Arabia is a natural market for solar PV . Not only is the country blessed with huge oil reserves , but its solar 'reserves ' are definitely infinite . The potential is incredible , '' says Edwin Koot , CEO and founder of Solarplaza , which organized 40 international PV trade missions and conferences over the last nine years . `` Not only could Saudi Arabia power its whole country with solar energy , it could even generate enough solar energy covering the global yearly electricity needs using just a relative small part of its desert area . The good news is that by generating more solar energy , more oil can be exported , generating higher revenues and profits . Saudi Arabia could become solar hub for the Middle East , '' explains Koot , who is a senior PV expert working in the solar PV industry since 1994.With as much as $ 109 billion allocated by the Saudi government for solar investments , and five to seven renewable energy projects to be tendered in the introductory tendering round , competition will be intense amongst bidders . Those that can mark their presence early and establish solid partnerships are more likely to gain a slice of this massive market . For international PV players , Saudi Arabia boasts many large , well-financed companies that can manage utility-scale projects.For Saudi companies , partnering with international PV players would be highly advantageous , helping them obtain the technical expertise needed for taking on projects . In fact , building synergistic partnerships and pooling assets and expertise could make all the difference in meeting the rigid criteria outlined in K.A.CARE 's White Paper.With this in mind , Desert Solar and the International Solar PV Trade Mission : Saudi Arabia will provide a much-needed meeting platform to facilitate matchmaking between Saudi and international companies , bringing together project developers , EPC companies , O & M contractors , financial institutions , equipment manufacturers and industry consultants.About Solarplaza International BV ( www.solarplaza.com ) The Dutch company Solarplaza ( www.solarplaza.com ) is a global leader in the organisation of top-level solar PV conferences , seminars and trade missions around the globe . Its mission is to empower the solar industry . The platform www.solarplaza.com provides and shares knowledge , networking opportunities and information . Solarplaza firmly believes in a renewable future : a future built upon the power of solar energy . Since the founding of Solarplaza in 2004 , the company organised more than 50 events around the world and built up an extensive network of valuable friends , associates , business contacts and solar experts.About Saudi Solar Industry Association ( www.saudi-sia.com ) Abundant solar potential gives the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ( KSA ) a unique opportunity to become one of the most energy-advantaged countries in the world . The Saudi Arabia Solar Industry Association ( SASIA ) is a non-governmental association that strives to make this vision a reality by helping Saudi Arabia and the Middle East realize the full economic and environmental potential of solar energy . The goal is to bring the national and regional solar industry together , transforming the vast solar potential of Saudi Arabia and the Middle East into a commercially- and environmentally-viable solution for our growing demand for electricity .
Christian Grey your new car is ready .
The new Lotus Exige S Roadster is a particular type of car for a particular type of person .
It is for those that want pure , unadulterated performance and do n't mind if it means being treated a little rough .
Well , with one exception . For 2015 Lotus has made life a little easier for Exige buyers by offering an automatic transmission for the first time .
But before you think the British brand has abandoned its ethos of simply , hardcore sports cars the 2015 update also makes the Race Pack option a standard feature . That adds Lotus ' Dynamic Performance Management system which allows you to increase the response of the engine , open the exhaust and reduce the electronic stability control - and switch it off completely in 'Race ' mode .
It is also worth noting right from the beginning that the automatic Exige S is a no slower than the manual around Lotus ' British test track ; and is actually 0.1 seconds faster in the 0-100km/h sprint .
But the real question is how does it affect the driving experience .
Pushing the Exige S to its limits on some of New South Wales ' best driving roads north of Sydney proves that the key Lotus traits are all still present .
The Lotus Exige S Roadster is now available with an automatic . Photo : Supplied
The Toyota-sourced 3.5-litre V6 is fitted with an Australian-built supercharger to push power to 257kW ( officially 257.5kW according to the spec sheet ) and torque to 380Nm .
The car tips the scales at 1172kg so the aforementioned 0-100k/h sprint is dispatched in just 3.9 seconds .
And it feels every bit as quick in the real world , accelerating with ferocity from a standstill and out of corners .
The transmission is a traditional six-speed torque converter unit ( not an in vogue dual-clutch ) sourced from Aisin , the same Japanese supplier as Toyota .
But while the hardware is from an external supplier the Lotus boffins have re-written the software to make the shifts quicker . It quickly becomes apparent in traffic that they have also programmed the software to keep the engine in its sweet spot , because it has no hesitation in changing down a cog or two as soon as you squeeze the throttle . There is also no hunting for the tallest gear in order to improve fuel economy , which is de rigueur for most brands these days .
Related Content 2015 Lotus Exige S Roadster automatic first drive review
The net result is a car that always feels ready for action at a moment 's notice , but is n't relaxing in traffic .
In manual mode , using the steering column-mounted metal paddles , the shifts are sharp and aggressive which suits the car , and will also stay in the gear you choose without any computer interference .
As for the rest of the driving experience , it is pure Lotus . The unassisted steering is heavy , even at speed , but makes for a rare treat for those who like their steering mechanical and without interference . It is direct and provides plenty of feedback to the driver at speed so it 's easy to understand why Lotus fans rave about it .
Be warned though , parking and low speed maneuvers require a lot of effort so would become tiresome on a daily basis… or save you on trips to gym .
The other Lotus hallmark is the sharp , responsive ride . The suspension is uncompromising with a firm character that feels tuned for the track , not Australia 's coarse chip and pockmarked back roads .
The suspension picks up every bump in the road and transmits it through the cabin . Larger bumps not only jar but can shake the chassis , even vibrating through the steering wheel .
But in combination with the large Pirelli tyres the suspension creates masses of grip which means the Exige S feels incredibly agile in the corners . Particularly on a smoothly paved bit of road .
The cabin is simplistic , with only the essentials . Our test car was fitted with the optional interior Premium Pack which added more leather and carpet ( rather than the exposed aluminium floor in the standard spec car ) to lift the ambience .
The Roadster 's roof is cloth and easy to remove and re-attach if the mood takes you .
However , despite the Premium Pack and having the roof fitted the cabin is extremely loud thanks to a combination of engine , road and wind noise . When you add in the almost constant bumps from the stiff suspension the Exige S can get overwhelming after more than a couple of hours .
But when you find a smooth , twisting piece of road ( or a racetrack ) the Exige 's strengths come out and it is easy to fall in love with its performance .
At $ 137,900 plus on-road costs it is pitted squarely against the $ 133,800 ( plus on-roads ) Porsche Boxster S , which offers up a more liveable but no less quick alternative , which dents the Lotus ' value credentials .
But if you like your sports car raw and rough then the Exige S is right for you .
2015 Lotus Exige S Roadster pricing and specifications
Price : $ 137,990 plus on-road costs
On sale : Now
Engine : 3.5-litre supercharged V6 petrol
Power : 257kW at 7000rpm
Torque : 380Nm at 2500-4500rpm
Transmission : Six-speed automatic , RWD
Consumption : 9.6L/100km
Interested in buying Lotus Exige ? Visit our Lotus showroom for more information .
By Christian Jarrett
People with autism have social difficulties and this manifests in simple psychological tests – for example , if you ask them to look at photographs of faces , they will typically spend less time looking at the eye region . But what about if we turned things around and asked autistic people to take photographs of other people – what might this reveal ?
That 's exactly what a team of US researchers has done for a small study in Current Biology , and they found autistic people chose to take “ strikingly different ” kinds of photograph from neurotypical controls – for example , they took fewer photographs of people posing , facing the camera , and more repetitive photographs of objects . Tellingly , people with autism actually took more photographs of other people than did the controls , challenging the mistaken notion that all autistic people are unsociable and uninterested in others .
Shuo Wang at the California Institute of Technology and his colleagues recruited 16 participants diagnosed with Autistic Spectrum Disorder ( 12 men ; average age 30 ) and 21 neurotypical controls matched for age and IQ . They gave each of them a camera and invited them to “ take photos of anything they wanted , such as objects , rooms , scenery , or people , and they could take as many photos as they wished ” . There was no time limit but the researchers asked the participants to take their photos in three “ conditions ” – indoors and of people in the lab ; indoors in the lab , but not of people ; and outdoors .
Autistic people took more photos of people , and spent more time photographing people , than the controls . But their photos of people were different from those taken by the controls , in that they frequently depicted a person who was not posing or expressive , or looking at the camera – in fact they often took pictures of bodies without the face in the frame . Autistic people also took more photos from unusual angles , more repetitive and incomplete shots of objects , more pics of geometric shapes , and took more blurred , tilted and occluded photos . These differences were not due to group differences in photography experience .
Trained clinicians were able to look at the photographs taken in the study and determine with above chance accuracy whether the photographer was autistic or a control . Non-clinicians were unable to make this judgment accurately .
We ought to treat these findings with caution – as the researchers said , this was a small study , and the instructions to participants were vague so it 's not clear how they interpreted the purpose of the exercise . Are these the kind of photographs the participants would usually take for themselves , or were they attempting to communicate something of their experience to the researchers ?
That said , I was struck by the finding that autistic participants took a greater quantity of portrait photographs , and that they spent more time photographing people . Wang and his team said “ These findings challenge theories that trace atypical social cognition in ASD to a reduced interest or motivation in people. ” Indeed , the idea that autistic people are inherently unsociable or uncaring is a harmful myth . Like everyone else , autistic people vary in personality – for instance , in their levels of extraversion and friendliness . A difficulty taking other people 's perspective is a key part of the diagnosis , but low empathy or concern for others is not .
—Revealing the world of autism through the lens of a camera
Sample photos reproduced from the Supplementary Materials of Wang et al , 2016 .
Christian Jarrett ( @ Psych_Writer ) is Editor of BPS Research Digest
Arun Jaitley filed a criminal defamation case against Arvind Kejriwal over accusations made by the latter
Highlights Delhi courts to proceed with trial after Chief Minister pleads not guilty Had been named in case after he accused Arun Jaitley of corruption Mr Jaitley has also filed a civil defamation case against Mr Kejriwal
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and leaders of his Aam Aadmi Party will have to face trial in a criminal defamation case filed against them by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley . The AAP leaders had accused Mr Jaitley of financial irregularities when he was the president of the Delhi and District Cricket Association ( DDCA ) during 2000-12 after which Mr Jaitley filed two defamation cases against them - one civil , seeking damages , and one criminal.On Saturday , a Delhi court decided to proceed with the trial from May 20 after Mr Kejriwal and others pleaded not guilty amid chaotic scenes in the courtroom.Lawyers from both the sides indulged in a heated argument over the absence of Mr Jaitley after Chief Metropolitan Magistrate ( CMM ) Sumit Dass started the proceedings . The accused , including Mr Kejriwal , who were present before the court complained of `` serious threat '' after which the judge asked all the persons to go outside the courtroom , barring those who were concerned with the case.The magistrate framed notices against Mr Kejriwal and other AAP leaders - Ashutosh , Kumar Vishwas , Sanjay Singh , Raghav Chaddha and Deepak Bajpai - after they pleaded not guilty and claimed trial.Earlier , on January 30 , the court had dismissed Mr Kejriwal 's request seeking to be heard on point of framing of notice.The finance minister had also filed a civil case against the Chief Minister and others in the party to seek Rs 10 crore for `` false , defamatory statements that harmed his reputation '' . Mr Jaitley has alleged that Mr Kejriwal made false allegations for `` political mileage , causing irreversible damage to him . ''
Toronto Argonauts rookie running back James Wilder busted out with a spectacular game in Week 13 .
Here are the best and worst of CFL Fantasy performances from Week 13 :
HEROES
James Wilder , RB , Toronto – It was the James Wilder Show against Edmonton , as the rookie running back played for an injured Brandon Whitaker and piled up 257 yards and a touchdown on 18 touches , easily the best game of his career . Fantasy Points : 31.7
Brandon Bridge , QB , Saskatchewan – It 's not every day that a Canadian quarterback gets a chance to play and Bridge made the most of his chance at Toronto , passing for 231 yards and three touchdowns . Fantasy Points : 21.9
Mike Reilly , QB , Edmonton – Even in a losing effort , the Eskimos quarterback continued to put up big numbers , throwing for 323 yards and two touchdowns as well as gaining 31 yards on the ground . Fantasy Points : 21.5
Jalen Saunders , WR , Hamilton – The Ticats receiver had the second 100-yard game of his career , putting up 10 catches for 138 yards and a touchdown against Saskatchewan . Fantasy Points : 19.8
Diontae Spencer , WR/RET , Ottawa – Not only did Spencer lead Ottawa receivers with six catches for 52 yards , he added 170 yards and a touchdown in the return game . Fantasy Points : 17.9
Martese Jackson , RB/RET , Toronto – Jackson had 11 yards on three touches from scrimmage , but his touchdown return off a missed field goal made for a productive week . Fantasy Points : 15.9
Marken Michel , WR , Calgary – With injuries decimating the Stampeders ' receiving corps , Michel stepped up with five catches for 95 yards and a touchdown against B.C . Fantasy Points : 15.5
Bakari Grant stepped up for the Riders in Hamilton .
Bakari Grant , WR , Saskatchewan – The veteran receiver contributed six catches for 71 yards and a touchdown at Hamilton . Fantasy Points : 13.1
Naaman Roosevelt , WR , Saskatchewan – The Roughriders receiver had five receptions for 66 yards and , for the fourth straight game , scored a touchdown . Fantasy Points : 12.6
Armanti Edwards , WR , Toronto – There was n't a lot going on in the Argos ' passing game against Edmonton , but Edwards did have five catches for 56 yards and a touchdown . Fantasy Points : 11.6
ZEROES
Darian Durant , QB , Montreal – Inconsistency has been an issue , to be sure , but who could have expected Durant would throw six incompletions to start the game and get replaced by backup Drew Willy ? Fantasy Points : 0.0
Jonathon Jennings , QB , B.C . – The quarterback struggles continued for B.C. , as Jennings connected on 15 of 29 passes for 167 yards and three interceptions . Fantasy Points : 2.5
Adarius Bowman , SB , Edmonton – The Eskimos star receiver had just two catches for 29 yards at Toronto . Fantasy Points : 2.9
Emmanuel Arceneaux , SB , B.C . – The Lions ' struggles in the passing game caught up with Areceneaux , who had one catch for 25 yards at Calgary . Fantasy Points : 2.5
INJURIES
Roughriders WR Duron Carter suffered a sprained ankle against Toronto , ending his six-game touchdown streak…Stampeders RB Jerome Messam , the league 's leading rusher , suffered an injury against B.C . and was forced to leave the game…Redblacks QB Drew Tate , filling in for Trevor Harris , suffered a shoulder injury at Montreal and was replaced by Ryan Lindley .
In his argument on the field during Tuesday 's opening day loss , Yankees Manager Joe Girardi indicated the Yankees would be playing under protest . As it turned out , Girardi said on Wednesday , the team never filed the paperwork .
Girardi had been livid after umpires did not rule Houston 's Carlos Correa out in the eighth inning , when Correa ran on the grass after a grounder , obstructing the view of pitcher Dellin Betances , who tossed the ball high over the head of first baseman Mark Teixeira . That allowed the go-ahead run to score in the Astros ' 5-3 victory .
“ Our feeling was that the rule is stated that it 's in the umpire 's judgment if the first baseman can catch it , ” Girardi said , adding later : “ Maybe it 's something that we have to think about , in spring training , working on . You put a dummy out there , and if he 's in your path and on the grass , you 've got to throw it and hit him . Because if you try to do what Dellin did , it usually leads to what happened . ”
An even more controversial play ended a game between the Toronto Blue Jays and the Tampa Bay Rays later Tuesday . As Toronto 's Jose Bautista slid into second base in the ninth inning , he reached toward Rays second baseman Logan Forsythe , whose wild throw led to two runs and gave the Blue Jays the lead .
The number of countries promoting disinformation on social media rose to its highest level during the past year , a new study has found . The report , from the pro-democracy think tank Freedom House , found manipulation tactics in elections in at least 18 countries in the last 12 months , including the United States . But while Russia ( and America ) have used such tactics to promote their own interests abroad , more countries are employing people to shape the opinions of their electorates and crack down on internal dissent , the report found .
The findings , which represent the seventh consecutive year that the think tank has recorded a global decline in internet freedom , identified several trends contributing to governments ' growing power . They have shut down cellular internet service for political or security reasons , often in areas populated by ethnic and religious minorities . Among the places this happened last year were Tibet and Ethiopia , the authors found .
“ Governments around the world have dramatically increased their efforts to manipulate information on social media over the past year , ” the authors write in their introduction . “ The Chinese and Russian regimes pioneered the use of surreptitious methods to distort online discussions and suppress dissent more than a decade ago , but the practice has since gone global . Such state-led interventions present a major threat to the notion of the internet as a liberating technology . ”
Suppressing dissent online has gone global
The use of paid , pro-government commentators has become widespread . While first noted by Freedom House in 2009 , the practice has spread to 30 of the 65 countries it surveyed , up from 23 last year . “ In these countries , there are credible reports that the government employs staff or pays contractors to manipulate online discussions without making the sponsored nature of the content explicit , ” the report said . “ Over the years , governments have found new methods of crowdsourcing manipulation to achieve a greater impact and avoid direct responsibility . As a result it can be hard to distinguish propaganda from actual grassroots nationalism , even for seasoned observers . ”
The report 's authors found evidence of state-sponsored bot armies in at least 20 countries . To name one : In Mexico , 75,000 “ Peñabots ” were found working against the opponents of President Enrique Peña online . The bots would rally to promote new hashtags whenever anti-administration hashtags began to trend , the report said , and “ poisoned ” opposition hashtags by attaching them to countless irrelevant posts .
Governments have also restricted the posting of live video on Facebook , Snapchat , and other platforms , particularly during demonstrations . Belarus was among the countries that disrupted cellular connections to prevent live-streaming during protests , according to the report .
Citizens faced repercussions for political speech in 30 countries last year
Meanwhile , the authors found that journalists are increasingly targeted by state actors . Access to independent websites have been taken down by distributed denial-of-service ( DDOS ) attacks . In 30 countries , citizens ( including some professional journalists ) faced repercussions for online speech — up from 20 countries last year . Among the incidents recorded last year : a reporter in Myanmar was murdered after posting notes on Facebook that alleged corruption , and a cartoonist in Jordan was found dead after satirizing Islam in an online comic .
Activists and members of opposition parties have faced harassment and worse , with their social media accounts disabled or secretly taken over by the government . The report says that state actors in Bahrain , Azerbaijan , Mexico , and China illegally hacked the phones and computers of their citizens . And while some citizens try to avoid surveillance by using virtual private networks , the report found that 14 countries now restrict VPN connections in some form .
For the third year in a row , China was found to be the worst abuser of internet freedom . Among other measures , the country instituted a cyber-security law requiring foreign companies to store their data on Chinese users within China . Apple , Airbnb , Evernote , LinkedIn , and Uber are all complying with the law , the report said . Separately , dissidents who posted articles criticizing the government were sentenced to up to 11 years in prison .
The United States also saw a decline in internet freedom
The United States also saw a decline in internet freedom , according to the report . The authors noted that US Customs and Border Protection agents asked Twitter to disclose the name of user who criticized President Donald Trump 's immigration policy , which Twitter successfully fought in court . The administration also tried to force web hosting company DreamHost to reveal the internet protocol addresses of all visitors to a website that organized inauguration protests . The Federal Communications Commission has also introduced a plan to eliminate net neutrality provisions .
The report studied internet freedom in 65 countries , covering 87 percent of the world 's internet users . It covers developments between June 2016 and May 2017 , and is the product of 70 researchers , nearly all of whom are based in the countries they reported on , the authors said .
Today I received a big box full of instant noodles from South Korea ! These are made by emart . If you can imagine a Korean version of Walmart , you 're on the right track – these are super huge superstores over there . Anyways , a fellow from emart contacted me about reviewing this new product of theirs and of course I said yes . They sent a box with some nice hats and 8 of these 6 pakcs – yep – 48 packages of noodles ! Wow !
‘ Here 's what the individual packs look like . It 's called Ramen e Ramen and it 's a white broth soup . Looks to be jalapeno and seafood flavored !
Here 's the back of the package ( click image to enlarge ) .
The noodle block – a big one .
The seasoning powder .
A lot of powder ! I tasted a little and it was really spicy !
The vegetable packet .
A nice variety . Not sure if there might be some seafoodies in there too .
Hooray for new hats !
Finished ( click image to enlarge ) . I added a couple slices of jalapeno . The noodles are nice – not too chewy and very full . The broth is great – ultra spicy ( I 'd say the spiciest white broth I 've tried yet ) and the veggies are n't too shabby either . I found quite a few bits of seafood in there too – gon na go with mussel since mussels are so prominent on the package . I must say I was wondering how much I would like this stuff as they did send 48 packs of it . Happily , I can say I really love it – great stuff ! 5.0 out of 5.0 stars ! A wonderfully hot and tasty white broth . UPC bar code 8801045525068 – get it here .
Wow this is really awesome and inventive !
Here 's a guy 's tour of emart . I thought it was kind of funny how he complained that they did n't have enough American food . I guess that 's what happens when you 're in a foreign country ! Man , I would love to check this place out – looks amazingly fun !
48.509024 -122.61815
Image caption Father James Chesney was a parish priest at the time of the bombing
Northern Ireland 's Police Ombudsman is due to publish his report into the alleged involvement of a priest in a 1972 IRA bombing in County Londonderry .
Nine people , including an eight-year-old girl , were killed in the village of Claudy in one of the most controversial incidents of the Troubles .
There was an alleged deal between the UK government and the Catholic Church not to arrest Father James Chesney .
Fr Chesney was moved across the Irish border by the Church after the attack .
The priest , who died in 1980 , had been the curate in Cullion , a small parish in County Londonderry .
No-one convicted
The Ombudsman 's investigation began in 2002 when the police revealed that the force in 1972 , the Royal Ulster Constabulary ( RUC ) , had information which indicated that the priest was an active member of the IRA and was involved in the bombing .
The statement said that the Secretary of State at the time , Willie Whitelaw , and Cardinal Conway , the leader of the Catholic Church in Ireland , had discussed the activities of the priest .
It added that all opportunities to catch those who bombed Claudy had not been taken .
Also in 2002 the Bishop of Derry Edward Daly , told the BBC that when questioned by his church superiors Fr Chesney had denied any involvement with the IRA `` utterly , unequivocally , vehemently '' .
However , Fr Chesney did say that he had `` republican sympathies , very strong republican sympathies '' .
Claudy bombings Claudy is a small village , with a mixed Protestant and Catholic population , six miles south-east of Londonderry
Nine people were killed in the three blasts , which happened on 31 July 1972
No warnings were given by the bombers
The IRA never claimed involvement , but were assumed to be behind them
Local priest Father James Chesney rumoured to have been a member of the IRA unit responsible
He was transferred by the Catholic Church across the border to Co Donegal
He died in 1980 without ever being questioned by the police over the atrocity
The Ombudsman , Al Hutchinson , has been examining the original RUC investigation .
No-one has ever been convicted of the bomb attack in which both Protestants and Catholics were killed .
The youngest victim was eight-year-old Kathryn Eakin who was cleaning the windows of the family grocery shop when the first bomb exploded .
The other people killed were Joseph McCloskey , 39 ; David Miller , 60 ; James McClelland , 65 ; William Temple , 16 ; Elizabeth McElhinney , 59 ; Rose McLaughlin , 51 ; Patrick Connolly , 15 ; and Arthur Hone , 38 .
The bombing came in the bloodiest year of the Northern Ireland conflict - almost 500 people were killed in 1972 .
As well as the power to investigate complaints against the Police Service of Northern Ireland , the Police Ombudsman also has the authority to probe investigations carried out by the predecessor to the PSNI , the RUC .
More general investigations into incidents during the Troubles are handled by a dedicated group of PSNI detectives - the Historical Enquiries Team .
The rumour which has been swirling around the County Londonderry village for the past 38 years is there was no justice for the nine people killed , simply a cover-up Mark Simpson , BBC Ireland Correspondent Claudy : what did the priest know ?
'Bring justice '
BBC Ireland correspondent Mark Simpson said the report `` is expected to confirm that the authorities at the time were aware of the suspected involvement of a priest in the atrocity - but failed to arrest him '' .
`` Instead , a secret deal was done between the Catholic Church and the state to move Fr Jim Chesney across the border into County Donegal , '' our correspondent added .
`` The rumour which has been swirling around the County Londonderry village for the past 38 years is there was no justice for the nine people killed , simply a cover-up .
`` If the Ombudsman 's report substantiates it , there will be questions for the Catholic Church to answer . ''
Speaking in 2002 shortly after the investigation reopened , Merle Eakin , the mother of Kathryn Eakin , said : `` We are just hopeful that they will bring justice and the people who are still alive will be brought to justice - that is what we really want . ''
In 2005 , four people , including a Sinn Fein Assembly member , were arrested in connection with the bombing .
They were released without charge a few days later , with Sinn Fein 's Martin McGuinness calling it a political stunt .
Yaya Toure 's agent has urged fans to show their love for the midfielder by taking birthday cakes to Saturday 's clash with Leicester City .
Toure , who turns 34 on Saturday , is out of contract at the end of the season and a source has told ESPN FC that there have been no discussions over a new deal .
Toure 's agent , Dimitri Seluk , infamously criticised the club for failing to give him a cake on his birthday following City 's title success three years ago .
Seluk insists the incident was a joke , but now wants to use it as a way for fans to pay tribute to a player who has been a huge inspiration for City 's recent success .
`` The City fans should all bring cakes to the game to show Yaya how much they love him , '' Seluk told the Daily Mirror . `` It looks like this will be Yaya 's final season with City and I think he deserves a special goodbye from the people of Manchester .
Yaya Toure joined Man City from Barcelona seven years ago . Getty
`` What happened three years ago was a joke that was misunderstood . I think everybody will be able to laugh about it if supporters give him a cake for this birthday .
`` Yaya loves City and he loves the fans . When he came , City could only dream about winning the Premier League and playing in the Champions League -- and he has made those dreams come true . ''
City say they will wait until the end of the season before deciding on players whose contracts expire at the end of the season .
However , ESPN FC has been told that Jesus Navas and Tosin Adarabioyo have both been offered new deals .
Pablo Zabaleta , Gael Clichy , Bacary Sagna and Willy Caballero are also out of contract in the summer and will be able to leave for free .
Last month Taiwan conducted its largest military exercise in the South China Sea since 2000 , according to a ruling party legislator .
According to multiple news reports , Lin Yu-fang of the Kuomintang ( KMT ) party told a legislative committee that on April 10 naval and marine troops had simulated retaking Taiping Island , a Taiwan-administered island in the South China Sea .
“ This was the biggest naval gathering near the islet since 2000 when the marines were replaced by coastguards , ” Lin said , according to AFP . Citing a statement Lin put out , AFP also said that “ a naval fleet of seven Lafayette-class and Perry-class frigates as well as tank landing ships were mobilized for the drill which practiced retaking the islet after it was seized by invading troops . ”
The task force involved in the exercise included two marine companies who stormed the island using more than 20 amphibious assault vehicles . The marines were armed with mortars and anti-tank rockets .
“ The scene was pretty spectacular . The marines successfully landed on the beach and cleaned out the remainder of the enemy on the island . Coast Guard Administration officers also joined the exercise , ” Lin said during a meeting of the Foreign Affairs and National Defense Committee late last month , Taiwan media outlets reported .
Taiwan 's Ministry of National Defense ( MND ) has confirmed that the exercise took place but has refused to release a video of the exercise , which Lin had requested of it . Lin said at last month 's meeting that he had been among a group of lawmakers invited to watch the drill take place in real time at the Navy 's headquarters in Taipei .
Taiping is part of the Spratlys chain of islands that are claimed in whole or part by Taiwan , China , Malaysia , the Philippines , Vietnam and Brunei . At almost 0.5 square kilometers , it is the largest of the more 100 islets and reefs that make up the Spratlys . It is also the only Spratly Island with fresh water . It is strategically located about 800 km from the Scarborough Shoal , less than 600 km from Vietnam 's coast and 500 km from the Philippine island of Palawan .
Taiwanese marines had been stationed on Taiping Island until being withdrawn in 1999 . Since then , Taiwan has guarded its claim of sovereignty over Taiping Island by stationing 130 Coast Guard Administration ( CGA ) personnel rather than regular troops . In fact , according to Lin , the drill last month was the first time that regular troops had been on Taiping Island since the military drill in 2000 .
The decision to hold a drill simulating retaking the islands was likely driven by concern over the growing tensions in the South China Sea as of late . Indeed , as IHS Jane 's , a defense consultancy company , points out , Taiwan has been reinforcing its ability to protect the island in the recent years .
“ The CGA force received additional weapons systems in August 2012 in the form of eight sets of 40 mm anti-aircraft guns , an unspecified number of 120 mm mortars , and AT4 shoulder-launched light anti-tank weapons , ” IHS Jane 's reported .
As The Diplomat reported previously , last year Taiwan announced that it is building a new wharf on the island . According to Jane 's , when completed that wharf will be capable of handling 2,000-ton frigates . The current wharf can only accommodate very small vessels .
Taiwan also built a 1,150 meter runways on the island back in 2008 . It is only one of two runways in the area , and can accommodate fairly large aircraft like the Hercules C-130 . Taipei is believed to be considering extending the runway by another 300-500 meters . This would allow Taiwan to land some of the P-3C Orion patrol aircraft it has acquired from the United States .
Remember that our previous internal testnet ( dubbed version 0.1 ) reported a throughput of 1,389 transactions per second with four shards , i.e. , 2,400 nodes . For the new results we expanded the network to 3,600 nodes ( 6 shards ) , and we observed a peak throughput of 2,488 transactions per second . A comparison between the two results is shown in the figure below :
The Zilliqa team is excited to announce new and “ oven-fresh ” experimental results from our internal testnet . We call it “ oven-fresh ” as the experimental results came out only last night . With this , we are proud to “ upgrade ” our internal testnet to version 0.5 from version 0.1 .
Objectives achieved with testnet v0.5
For the new internal testnet , our goal was to increase the network size and stress test Zilliqa 's performance . Ensuring that the throughput increases with the network size is non-trivial when the network grows from small to moderately large . This is because several bottlenecks such as broadcasting that do not appear for small networks start to show up with larger networks and can have a serious impact on the overall throughput .
We are planning to write another article to share more technical details , but for now we would like to highlight the tasks that we finished moving from testnet v0.1 to testnet v0.5 :
We have implemented full support for sharing transaction body asynchronously between nodes , not pegged to transmitting the blocks themselves . This by itself posed significant challenges to the coordination of the protocol running on the nodes . This required careful tuning and protocol optimizations . We have reorganized the intra-shard and inter-shard network topology to make block and transaction propagation much more efficient . We have incorporated several optimizations for inter-node communication , data transmission and data processing .
This was a quick update on our new results and how we have improved from the previous ones . In case you have questions , feel free to ask them on our Slack or leave your comments below .
➤ Follow us on Twitter ,
➤ Subscribe to our Newsletter ,
➤ Subscribe to our Blog ,
➤ Ask us questions on Slack
PC gamers should prepare themselves for quite the overhaul when Batman : Arkham Knight is updated and re-released , Nvidia engineer Tom Peterson has said in a new Nvidia Gameworks video .
`` I look at [ Arkham Knight ] as an example of where Nvidia can help a developer get to market with a quality game , '' Peterson said . `` Warner Bros. ... made a few mistakes getting the game out . It was n't fully performance optimized for PC . So now we 're deploying our QA resources and our engineers to make that game as good as it possibly can be . ''
He continued : `` I got ta tell you on the releases I 've seen it is a fantastic game , '' he said . `` It plays great , it 's tons of fun and the effects are amazing . And I can tell you that when Warner Bros. makes it available on Steam again that people are going to be delighted . ''
Peterson and his team 's work should also benefit PC gamers who are n't running Nvidia hardware , he says .
`` We 're fixing a ton of things that are not necessarily related to us . Some of it may be related to our driver , some not . But at the end of the day the game is the focus and we 're going to make it great . ''
An interim update for the game is expected in August , though it remains to be seen when the game will be re-launched .
Source : MMORPG via Polygon
Update : He 's called Martin Wright and you can see a clip of him speaking here at a Class War event in 1985 . In it he reveals that he used to support the National Front , which is n't a massive surprise , though he moved away from racism pretty quickly . Click through and you 'll discover just how many anarchists hate Owen Jones .
Martin – I 've yet to discover his surname – is a hard-Left anarchist from the old white working class who hates Britain 's liberal media . But not half as much as he hates Isis and its ‘ Gap Year Jihadists ' for whom he wo n't shed a tear if they 're wiped out by a drone .
This YouTube video is a few weeks old but pretty compulsive listening . Note that sex gangs in the north of England crack a mention . He thinks there could be trouble on the streets and it wo n't be sparked off by the EDL or the BNP . ( In another video he gets on to the subject of Russell Brand 's latest book – ‘ not even worth nicking ' . )
Obviously I do n't agree with his fantasy of class war or his hatred of all religion , but I would n't want to get into an argument with him in the pub . Not that I would . I 'd buy him a beer .
Finnish melancholy death-doom metal masters SWALLOW THE SUN will release a triple album titled `` Songs From The North I , II & III '' in November via Century Media .
SWALLOW THE SUN main songwriter and guitarist Juha Raivio comments on the triple-album concept : `` Making a triple album in this godforsaken digital and modern day and age ... Many will say it 's madness . I say it is to bring worth , heart and respect back into the music and to the album format where it belongs . This should never turn into a shallow fast food industry where music is only downloaded one song at a time . ''
He continued : `` These albums hold life , death , gloom , beauty and despair in their deepest levels and forms . The three chapters are different but connected , one long journey through these songs written up here in the North .
`` Music is holy , albums are holy . See you on the other side , friends . ''
Raivio told Finland 's Soundi magazine about the upcoming albums : `` The records are very different from each other , but still form one entity : one with respect for SWALLOW THE SUN 's traditions , the second beautifully acoustic , and the third a trip into funeral doom 's dark world . ''
He continued : `` We have undeniably done quite a lot work for these records . My attitude towards this very personal entity has been that if this project kills me , at least I can sleep well knowing that it 's the most important SWALLOW THE SUN release . ''
This article was taken from the January issue of Wired magazine . Be the first to read Wired 's articles in print before they 're posted online , and get your hands on loads of additional content by subscribing online
In 1967 , the BBC set about junking its Doctor Who archive : a moment sci-fi fans wish they could travel back in time to prevent . There are 108 vintage episodes missing , but since 1978 a number have been rediscovered as 16mm black-and-white films . The BBC shot many of these series in colour , but made monochrome copies for countries such as Australia , where many TV companies were still broadcasting in greyscale . The reels had sat in archives since . Now , the Doctor Who Restoration Team , an independent group contracted by the BBC , is using a new technique to regenerate The Doctor in colour .
Their method is a refined version of that trialled on the 2009
Advertisement
Planet of the Daleks rerelease ; it is now being deployed on a seven-part 1970 Jon Pertwee adventure , The Ambassadors of Death . `` It seemed almost impossible , '' says Steve Roberts , 45 , the team 's supervisor and a BBC senior engineer . `` But when they made the black-and-white recordings , they did n't filter off the colour carrier [ encoded as a 'chroma dot ' pattern in each frame ] , which for the last few decades has been nothing more than an annoyance . '' Team member Richard Russell used the signal to reverse-engineer raw colour pictures that could be retouched frame by frame . `` It 's very , very labour intensive -- several hundred man hours ' work every episode , '' says Roberts . Luckily , a new `` quadrant editor '' is helping them to produce better source material upfront , so they hope to deliver the Ambassadors episodes to the BBC within weeks .
Roberts got into this work through Who is a fandom -- but has it ruined the show for him ? `` Yeah ... We were always fans . We used to pull these stories out to watch just for enjoyment . Now I 'm like ,
' I 'll watch something else . ' '' restoration-team.co.uk
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Jan Vertonghen believes the footballing education he received at Ajax will help him hit the ground running at Tottenham .
The defender finalised his £9.5million move from the Dutch champions yesterday , the latest star to graduate from the famous Amsterdam youth system .
According to Vertonghen , Ajax 's philosophy — keeping possession , pressure and attacking — echoes that of his new club manager , Andre Villas-Boas .
“ It is a perfect fit for me and , of course , that will help me settle in , ” the defender said . “ It is all about ball possession and pressure so that is quite similar to the way Ajax want you to play .
“ Villas-Boas is important in that , too , because I know his style and I know how we are going to play football . The system is very important because I wo n't need to adapt my style and I can focus on other things .
“ I was 16 when I went to Ajax and the youth team played exactly like the first team so that really helped me when I started in the first team . The same thing will help me when I start playing here .
“ It was difficult for Villas-Boas at Chelsea because the team did not want to play like he did . That is why Tottenham fit better for him . We have quality players who can play the football he wants to so he will do better here . ”
Vertonghen arrives at White Hart Lane with real pedigree , having captained Ajax to a second consecutive Dutch title and been named Eredivisie Player of the Year last season .
The Belgium international racked up 220 appearances for Ajax , has been capped 37 times and is admired by a host of top European managers .
His switch was briefly delayed amid reported interest from Arsenal but Vertonghen says his heart was always set on a move to Spurs .
“ I made my choice because of my feeling for the club , ” he said . “ There were other offers from Premier League clubs but [ Spurs chairman ] Daniel Levy showed me the right perspective . He invited me to the club , came to see me in Amsterdam and the feeling was good . The personal feeling is important . It did n't make much difference that Harry Redknapp was sacked . They always told me they really wanted me and that is another reason why I wanted to come here .
“ With the players we have , we can play at the top of the League — that has to be the goal . We showed last year that it is possible , we were really close to the top three . There is a lot of confidence in the team and we believe we can take [ the good form ] to the end [ of the season ] . ”
Vertonghen was Villas-Boas 's second signing at Spurs , following Gylfi Sigurdsson 's move from Hoffenheim . The arrivals have linked up with their team-mates at Tottenham 's stunning new £45million training ground this week .
“ Gylfi is in my hotel and we go to training together so I have spoken to him a lot , ” said Vertonghen . “ London , of course , is a great city but I have only been to the training ground and the hotel so I have n't seen much of it yet . Maybe I will ask a friend of mine for some tips on where to go . But he knows Arsenal better than he knows Tottenham ! ”
The friend in question is Thomas Vermaelen , whose journey has followed a similar route to Vertonghen 's ; Belgium to north London via Amsterdam . Vermaelen was a relative unknown when he arrived in the summer of 2009 but he quickly established himself as a quality central defender .
“ I will just talk to him about London I think , not about other teams because the guys in my team can give me those tips , ” said Vertonghen . “ I played alongside him for a few years at Ajax and he lived in my neighbourhood , so he is a good friend of mine .
“ He is one of the Belgium guys who have played in the Premier League and recommended it . The Belgium players [ here ] have a good combination of talent and mentality that make them perfect for the Premier League .
“ There was only one league that I watched when I was back in Holland and that was the Premier League , so it is a dream come true . ”
Read more Spurs news
James Lawton on why alarm bells should be ringing over AVB
Spurs model new kit
Spanish striker linked with Spurs
Aaron Harrison 's game-winning three that put his team into the Final Four may very well end up being the iconic shot of this tournament . It was also a shot that that put a lot of money in a lot of people 's pockets , and none of them is named Aaron Harrison .
Shortly after the game ended , USA Today 's Steve Berkowitz sent out this tweet :
He 's not wrong . All of the Kentucky coaches ' contracts are online . Here 's a breakdown of the bonuses received by each member of the Kentucky coaching staff and the school 's athletics director due to the team reaching the Final Four :
Head coach John Calipari gets a $ 150,000 bonus . This amount is added on top of the two $ 100,000 bonuses that Calipari already received when Kentucky reached the Sweet Sixteen and Elite Eight .
Assistant coach Kenneth Payne gets a bonus equal to two months salary . Payne makes $ 350,000 a year , so his bonus will end up being about $ 58,333 .
Assistant coach John Robic also gets a bonus equal to two months salary . He makes $ 300,000 a year , so he 'll get an extra $ 50,000 .
Same deal for assistant coach Orlando Antigua , who makes $ 275,000 a year . His bonus will be $ 45,833 .
Athletics director Mitch Barnhart will get a $ 25,000 bonus , in addition to the $ 25,000 bonus he got when Kentucky made it into the tournament .
Advertisement
Oh , and let 's not forget the $ 1.5 million that the SEC will receive thanks to Kentucky 's success . Each time a team wins a tournament game , they earn another `` unit , '' which leads to a $ 1.5 million payout to the team 's conference , which then decides how to distribute the money .
As for the shot itself ? It was a ballsy thing , oozing with the kind of fuck-what-the-coach-drew-up confidence—poor Julius Randle is still waiting for that dribble hand-off—that we are used to seeing from the likes of Kevin Durant and LeBron James . It was n't the result of a fine-tuned offensive set , or a hustle play that stemmed from `` good coaching . '' It was just Aaron Harrison , pulling up from way behind the arc with a hand in his face , winning a game . It was the kind of shot that people should get paid to hit .
Is the Future of Robotics in Caring For the Elderly ?
As we move into the 21st century , it is becoming increasingly apparent to robot-developers around the world that the arena of caregiving is one in which the future of robotics could blossom .
With an increase of elderly among populations around the world , many countries find themselves struggling to provide the funds and staff necessary to care for this increasingly prevalent demographic . Some believe that Robotic aid is needed here more than any other area . And quickly .
Many countries who realize this are pouring serious money into the development of such robots . For example , last year in Japan , the health ministry began a program designed to promote the development of nurse robots that can perform certain tasks like gently lifting and moving patients in hospitals .
credit : RIKEN-TRI Collaboration Center for Human-Interactive Robot Research
In Sweden , researchers have developed an assistant called `` GiraffPlus , '' a humanoid robot that serves as a vacuum cleaner , standing mirror , a video-chat android that stands in for family time and doctor visits , and a health metrics monitor that can measure and record key variables such as blood pressure and temperature .
credit : Giraffplus
credit : Giraffplus
credit : Giraffplus
Elsewhere in Europe , a number of companies and universities , funded by the European Union , have been collaborating on a project called `` Mobiserv '' to develop touch-screen humanoid `` social companion '' that will offer people in need with reminders about appointments and medications , and that will promote frequent social activity as well as healthy lifestyle choices .
While these developments are revolutionary , there are ethical considerations needed when replacing real human caregivers with their robotic counterparts . Although this type of robot makes sense economically on a macro scale , the idea of robot caregivers can hit pretty hard on that soft spot that we all have for our elders , and the fear of isolating them further from real social interaction .
Amidst the highly abstract and theoretical debate buzzing around the morality of robotic carer development , doctor/writer Louise Aronson breathes a breath of fresh air onto the perhaps overly debated topic .
Dr. Aranson , a highly sought after geriatrician who treats seniors through the UCSF Housecalls Program for homebound patients , and author of `` A History of the Present Illness '' , believes that the development of good caregiver robotics is something worth fighting for .
In her New York Times Opinion Piece on the topic last weekend , Dr. Aranson appeals to the case of one of her elderly patients , who remains unnamed . `` Like most older adults , she does n't want to be `` locked up in one of those homes . '' says Aaronson . `` What she needs is someone who is always there , who can help with everyday tasks , who will listen and smile . What she needs is a robot caregiver . ''
`` That may sound like an oxymoron . '' she adds `` In an ideal world , it would be : Each of us would have at least one kind and fully capable human caregiver to meet our physical and emotional needs as we age . But most of us do not live in an ideal world , and a reliable robot may be better than an unreliable or abusive person , or than no one at all . ''
Aronson also reminds us that `` Caregiving is hard work and , more often than not , it is tedious , awkwardly intimate and physically and emotionally exhausting . Sometimes it is dangerous or disgusting . Almost always it is 24/7 , unpaid or low wage , and has profound adverse health consequences for those who do it . It is women 's work and immigrants ' work , and it is work that many people either ca n't or simply wo n't do . ''
If you look at what these robots would actually do , they clearly would n't completely replace the entire profession of care-taking . They would supplement certain 24/7 functions , and take care of those tasks that are more intimate of nature . Those who continue to work as caregivers could thus spend more time working on more effective and more meaningful aspects of the job for all parties involved .
Of course , people enjoy helping and spending time with elders . They have lived the longest , are therefore the wisest , and often the most gentle . But spending time with elders is not what Aronson is referring to when she writes about `` caregiving . '' She is talking about that person who comes in to clean soiled beds , gives sponge-baths to those who can not stand , helps the weak use the toilet , and cleans them up afterward . Robotic caregivers could alleviate the need for relatives and loved ones to carry out these tasks , thus freeing up their time for more enjoyable interactions with the person they care for .
Ultimately , the brightest future for caregiving for the elderly would be one of collaboration between humans and robots . Robotic caregivers would supplement certain 24/7 functions , and take care of those tasks that are more intimate in nature . Those who continue to work as caretakers could thus spend more time on more meaningful aspects of the job for all parties involved .
So , for all of us skeptics out there , automatically ready to turn down all things robotic , please take some time to consider the many advantages that robotic caretakers hold .
Transportation consultant John Carrara of The Goodman Corporation on Wednesday provided the Galveston Intermodal Transportation Committee a final update on the Downtown Intermodal Transportation Terminal . Listen ( 3:54 )
“ The terminal is now open as of February 24 , ” said Carrara . “ It 's doing very well both for Island Transit and providing restroom service to the public . ”
Lila Zuniga , Island Transit Administrative Services Manager , added that the terminal , a project of the Galveston Livable Communities Initiative , received its first customer at 6:10 a.m. the day it opened for business .
“ They like it , ” said Zuniga . “ They are truly enjoying it . For once , my drivers do n't have to search for a bathroom anymore and our passengers are indoors during bad weather , rain , cold . They are all in there . ”
When asked about the fate of the former stop at 20th and Market Streets , Carrara said the city has not made a decision as to what will be done in the area .
In her Island Transit ridership report , Zuniga advised that the Mall of the Mainland Park & Ride will come to a close on March 31 and will merge with the League City Victory Lakes Park & Ride . Passengers who have been using the MOM P & R will soon embark and disembark at a lot at the intersection of Delany Road and Monticello Drive near the Gulf Freeway , she said .
The committee discussed the recent lane shift at 51st Street and Broadway . Committee member Jayson Levy discussed the project . Listen ( 16:56 )
“ As someone who uses 51st and Broadway every night to go home , that was a great example of the city kind of retrofitting our existing lanes and figuring out the smart way to use them , ” said Levy .
Galveston City Council Member Ralph McMorris informed the committee that the city council will discuss and consider changes in frequency of meetings for boards , commissions and committees , including the ITC , at its March 24 regular meeting . He took a poll in which the committee voted unanimously to continue meeting monthly . Listen ( 3:16 )
“ It 's up to city council , but I will make the statement when I go in there , ” said McMorris .
The ITC achieved a full quorum of seven members plus McMorris for the first time since its May 21 , 2015 meeting . Agenda
To listen to the entire meeting , Click Here ( 1:28:05 )
The next meeting of the ITC is scheduled for April 13 at 11 a.m. pending action by the city council .
Batman is one best movie and is also a famous fiction hero character from very long . Since the birth of the character till date the batman has undergone many changes .
Most of us wanted to become a batman or imagined ourselves as a batman .
Of all the superheroes , Batman 's wealth is significantly larger than most - with the possible exception of Tony Stark aka Iron Man . Wayne Manor costs $ 600,000,000 alone with an annual running cost of $ 37,000 .
Top that off with $ 80 million worth of vehicles and a stockpile of weapons totaling more than $ 10,000 and you will have to save pretty hard to afford to become Batman .
Of course Batman has n't saved or taken out a loan to build up his wealth . He was born in to the Wayne family fortune and now owns Wayne Enterprises , a multinational organization with divisions in technology , shipping , defense , chemicals and many more .
[ highlight color= ” blue ” ] Interested in formal iPhone forensics training ? Check out our 3 day iPhone and iOS forensics course now available . [ /highlight ]
iPhone forensics can be performed on the backups made by iTunes ( escrow key attack ) or directly on the live device . This article explains the technical procedure and the challenges involved in extracting data from the live iPhone .
iPhone 4 GSM model with iOS 5 is used for forensics .
GOAL
Extracting data and artifacts from iPhone without altering the information on the device
Researchers at Sogeti Labs have released open source forensic tools ( with the support of iOS 5 ) to recover low level data from the iPhone . The details shown below outline their research and give an overview on the usage of iPhone forensic tools .
Steps involved in iPhone forensics include :
Creating & Loading a forensic toolkit on to the device without damaging the evidence
Establishing a communication between the device and the computer
Bypassing the iPhone passcode restrictions
Reading the encrypted file system
Recovering the deleted files
Creating & Loading the forensic toolkit
In order to create and load the forensic toolkit , first we need to understand iPhone functions at the operating system level . iOS ( previously known as iPhone OS ) is the operating system that runs on all Apple devices like iPhone , iPod , Apple TV and iPad . iOS is a zip file ( ships with .ipsw extension ) that contains boot loaders , kernel , system software , shared libraries & built in applications .
When an iPhone boots up , it walks through a chain of trust , which is a series of RSA signature checks among the software components in a specific order as shown below :
The BootRom is Read-only memory ( ROM ) and it is the first stage of booting an iOS device . BootRom contains all the root certificates to signature check the next stage .
iPhone operates in 3 modes – Normal Mode , Recovery Mode , DFU mode
In Normal mode , BootRom start off some initialization stuff and loads the low level boot loader ( LLB ) by verifying its signature . LLB signature checks and loads the stage 2 boot loader ( iBoot ) . iBoot signature checks the kernel and device tree , while the kernel signature checks all the user applications .
In DFU mode , iPhone follows the boot sequence with a series of signature checks as shown below . BootRom signature checks the second level boot loaders ( iBSS , iBEC ) . Boot loader signature checks the kernel , and the kernel signature checks the Ramdisk .
During iOS update , the Ramdisk gets loaded into RAM and it loads all the other OS components . In Forensics , we will create a custom Ramdisk with our complete forensic tool kit and load it into the iPhone 's volatile memory . Signature checks implemented at various stages in the boot sequence do not allow us to load our custom Ramdisk . To load our custom Ramdisk , we have to bypass all these signature checks . In the chain of trust boot sequence , if we compromise one link , we can fully control all the links that follow . The hacker community has found several vulnerabilities in BootRom . By using these , we can flash our own boot loader and patch all other signature checks in all the subsequent stages . Apart from signature checks , every stage is also encrypted . These encryption keys can be grabbed from JailBreaking tools .
Building a custom Ramdisk
First , we will build a custom ram disk using all of our forensic tools and patch the ram disk signature checks in kernel . Later , we will use jailbreak tools to load our kernel by patching BootRom signature checks .
With the open forensic toolkit released by Sogeti Labs , we can build Ramdisk only on MAC OS X . The entire forensic toolkit contains python scripts , a few binaries and a few shell scripts .
In order to run the tools , we first need to install all the dependencies ( use the commands listed below from OS X terminal ) .
Download ldid , grant execute permissions and move it to /usr/bin directory .
Download and install OSXFuse .
Download & install python modules – pycrypto , M2crypto , construct and progressbar .
Download and install Mercurial ( http : //mercurial.selenic.com/ ) to check out the source code from the repository .
Download redsn0w to fetch encryption keys to decrypt Ramdisk and Kernel .
To patch the signature checks in kernel , supply iOS 5 ipsw file to kernel_patcher.py
The above python script creates a patched kernel and a shell script to create Ramdisk .
Running the shell script downloads , the forensic tool kit adds it to the Ramdisk . The Ramdisk image is just a plain HFS+ file system ( native to Macs , making it fairly simple to add files to it ) . All of the steps listed above create a patched kernel and a custom Ramdisk with forensic tools .
Note : I have created the patched kernel and a custom Ramdisk for iPhone 4 . You can directly download these files and skip all the above steps .
Download Link for :
myramdisk.dmg
kernelcache.release.n90.patched
iphone forensics.pptx
Loading Forensic Toolkit
In order to load the forensic toolkit , supply iOS 5 ipsw file , patched kernel and custom Ramdisk to redsn0w tool : connect the device to computer using USB cable and run the below command . Follow the steps displayed by redsn0w to boot the device in DFU mode . In DFU mode , redsn0w exploits the BootRom vulnerability and loads patched kernel & custom Ramdisk on to the device .
If the process fails with the No identifying data fetched error , make sure that the host computer is connected to the internet . After redsn0w is done , the Ramdisk boots in verbose mode .
Establishing a communication between the device and the computer
Once booted with custom Ramdisk , networking capabilities ( like WI-FI ) are not enabled by default . So a different way is chosen to communicate with the device by following the approach that Apple took with iTunes . USBMUX is the protocol used by iTunes to talk to the booted iPhone and coordinate access to its iPhone services by other applications . USB multiplexing provides TCP like connectivity over a USB port using SSL . Over this channel , iTunes uses AFC service to transfer files . But here we use this channel to establish a SSH connection and get a shell on the device .
SSH works on port 22 . Tcprelay.py script redirects port 22 traffic to 2222 port .
SSH is now accessible at localhost:2222 .
At this point , we get access to the file system . To make things even more complicated , every file is encrypted with its own unique encryption key , tied to a particular iOS device . Furthermore , the data protection mechanism introduced with iOS 4 adds another layer of encryption that does not give access to the protected files and keychain items when the device is locked . Data protection is the combination of using hardware based encryption along with a software key . Every iPhone ( > 3gs ) contains a special piece of hardware ( AES processor ) which handles the encryption with a set of hardcoded keys ( UID , GID ) . OS running on the device can not read the hardcoded keys , but it can use the keys generated by UID ( 0x835 and 0x89B ) for encryption and decryption . The software key is protected by a passcode and is also used to unlock the device every time the user wants to make use of the device . So in order to access the protected files , first we have to bypass the passcode .
3 . Bypassing the iPhone passcode restrictions
Initially ( < iOS 4 ) , passcode is stored in a file which can be removed directly over SSH . Since the introduction of data protection ( from iOS 4 ) , the passcode is used to encrypt protected files and keychain items on the device . So in order to decrypt the data , we have to supply the valid passcode .
Passcode validation is performed at two levels : one at the springboard and another one at kernel level . Bruteforce attacks performed at the springboard level lock the device , introducing delays and possibly leading to wiped out data . However , these protection mechanisms are not applicable at kernel level ( AppleKeyStore method ) and lead to bruteforce attacks . To make brute force attacks less practical , a passcode key derived from the user passcode is tied to the hardware UID key . The brute force can only be performed on this device ; it is not possible to prepare pre compute values ( like rainbow tables ) offline . Port 1999 opened with tcprelay.py is used by the bruteforce script . It connects to the custom restored_external daemon on the Ramdisk , collects basic device information ( serial number , UDID , etc . ) , unique device keys ( keys 0x835 and 0x89B ) , downloads the system keybag and tries to bruteforce the passcode ( 4 digits only ) . Below table illustrates the time required to bruteforce different passcodes . Passcode Complexity Bruteforce time 4 digits 18 minutes 4 alphanumeric 51 hours 5 alphanumeric 8 years 8 alphanumeric 13,000 years
4 . Reading the encrypted file system
Upon a successful passcode brute force , the script automatically downloads the keychain . Keychain is a Sqllite database which stores sensitive data on your device . The keychain is encrypted with hardware key ; it also restricts which applications can access the stored data . Each application on your device has a unique application-identifier ( also called as entitlements ) . The keychain service restricts which data an application can access based on this identifier . By default , applications can only access data associated with their own application-identifier . Later , Apple introduced keychain groups , enabling applications which belong to same group to share the keychain items . There are two ways to access all the keychain items : One is by writing an application and making it a member of all application groups . The other is by writing an application and granting com.apple.keystore.access-keychain-keys entitlement .
Keychain database contents can be extracted using keychain_tool.py
Execute the dump_data_partition shell script to dump the file system
The script reads the file system from the device and copies it to UDID directory as an image ( .dmg ) file . The image file can be opened using the modified HFSExplorer that will decrypt the files on the fly .
To decrypt it permanently , emf_decrypter.py script can be used .
It decrypts all files in the file system image . To view the decrypted files , mount the file system with below command .
As soon as the file system is decrypted , there are various files of interest available such as the mail database , the SMS database and location history , etc…
5 . Recovering the deleted files
Deleting a file on iPhone only deletes the file reference . So it is possible to recover the deleted files ; to do so , run emf_undelete.py script .
With this technique it is possible to recover valuable data like call logs , deleted images , deleted SMS , deleted contacts , deleted voicemail and deleted emails .
Check out the next articles in the series :
iPhone Forensics- Analysis of iOS 5 Backups : Part 1
iPhone Forensics- Analysis of iOS 5 Backups : Part 2
References
This article is over 1 year old
Social services minister says debt recovery system criticised in Senate inquiry is tackling ‘ a massive amount of overpayments ' to claimants
Christian Porter defiant on Centrelink 's 'robodebt ' flaws : 'This is not a matter for apology '
The social services minister , Christian Porter , has refused to apologise for Centrelink 's automated debt recovery system , after a Senate inquiry found it had caused trauma , stress and shame to Australia 's most vulnerable .
The Senate inquiry into the robo debt system released its final report on Wednesday night , recommending the system be suspended until its flaws are resolved .
The report described the debt recovery system as “ so flawed that it was set up to fail ” and said it had “ a fundamental lack of procedural fairness ” at every stage .
“ This lack of procedural fairness disempowered people , causing emotional trauma , stress and shame , ” the report found .
Senate inquiry calls for Centrelink robo-debt system to be suspended until fixed Read more
But Porter said on Thursday the system was “ not a matter for apology ” .
He described the inquiry 's report as “ political ” and noted there was a strong minority dissenting view in the report .
“ This is not a matter for apology , ” Porter told the ABC . “ What we have is a responsibility to the taxpayer to make sure that we are paying people exactly what it is that they have dutifully required to receive and no more and no less .
“ There are a massive amount of overpayments that occur in the system , now we are actually tackling that problem . That 's not a matter that we would apologise for , there have been a whole range of refinements to the debt recovery system . ”
Victorian Legal Aid has been helping people hit by the debt recovery system since last year . It has dealt with twice as many Centrelink matters in the first five months of this year than the same time last year .
The organisation 's civil justice director , Dan Nicholson , said Porter 's comments show the government was continuing to ignore clear evidence of flaws with the system .
“ It 's been clear from the very start that there 's a disconnect between government claims of a system working well and the real experience of people dealing with Centrelink , ” Nicholson told Guardian Australia . “ It 's a shame the government continues to have a tin ear . ”
The system has been plagued by criticism since it was launched in earnest in September .
Critics say the increased automation of the debt recovery system has caused the issuing of false debts and shifted the onus onto vulnerable Australians to prove they do n't owe the government money .
The inquiry made 21 recommendations , including that all debts calculated using the often-inaccurate “ income averaging ” method be reassessed by humans .
That method divides a person 's annual income crudely by 26 fortnights to assume they have been working all year , and were therefore ineligible for welfare payments .
The inquiry also called for the government to review all cases in which a 10 % debt recovery fee was automatically imposed . Welfare rights groups have previously warned that automatically slugging individuals with a 10 % recovery fee may be unlawful .
It recommended that voluntary data-matching guidelines be adhered to , barriers to communication with vulnerable groups be resolved and the new online portal for debt matters be redesigned .
More information should be provided to debtors on their rights and options , and funding for community legal centres should be reviewed to ensure they were able to assist affected individuals .
The inquiry also called for the Department of Human Services to be adequately resourced to implement the recommendations .
The lack of resourcing for the department has been a key concern of the Community and Public Sector Union .
Even though it 's an error , I have to start repaying my 'debt ' : Centrelink debt victims share their stories Read more
The union has warned Centrelink is an agency in crisis , due to thousands of job cuts , and said staff were dismayed at the impact of the debt recovery system .
The CPSU on Thursday urged the government to implement all the recommendations of the inquiry .
“ This senate inquiry has confirmed what our hardworking members in Centrelink already knew all too well , ” the CPSU 's national secretary , Nadine Flood said . “ Robo debt is a shameful shambles that 's caused unreasonable suffering to hundreds of thousands of Australians who 've received debt letters and the staff who 've tried to pick up the pieces . ”
The human services minister , Alan Tudge , attacked the accuracy of the inquiry report on Wednesday .
“ This is a politically motivated and factually inaccurate report , reflecting the fact that Labor and the Greens do n't support auditing of the welfare system , ” he said .
He pointed to an earlier report by the commonwealth ombudsman , which said the system was capable of calculating debts fairly if it was provided with the right information .
The ombudsman 's report also found it was placing unreasonable and unfair demands on individuals , and had numerous deficiencies that could have been resolved by better project management .
Nicholson said it was wrong to frame the ombudsman 's report as an endorsement of the system .
“ I think the government is placing heavy reliance on the ombudsman 's report , as if that somehow gave the initiative a good bill of health , ” he said . “ On balance , you would have to say that the report is highly critical . ”
Nathan Fielder 's masterful `` Comedy Central '' series takes everything about unscripted TV and turns it into high , human art .
Contort yourself in the right viewing position and you can see the Comedy Central show “ Nathan for You ” as any number of things . For those who seize on the small-business angle , it 's a grand treatise on the American dream . For the method actor set , it 's one man 's willingness to put his body and psyche through unspeakable torment for the sake of his craft . For fans of corporate pranking , “ Dumb Starbucks ” is Everest ( which Fielder presumably conquered clothed in Summit Ice gear ) .
But in the 21st century 's migration to unscripted programming , no reality TV show has achieved what “ Nathan for You ” has . Using hand-crafted spontaneity not just for its own airtime , but leeching into the public TV world at large , Nathan Fielder 's constant quest for a publicity-generating scheme has taken every tired reality TV trope and reworked it into something magical .
The lifeblood of reality shows and unscripted programming is a populace willing to throw themselves at the mercy of TV production in exchange for a possible beneficial outcome . Whether it 's social media stars who face being categorized as a cultural hero or villain , an ordinary schmuck with it a stamp collection that could be worth a couple years of college tuition , or a pair of would-be homeowners hoping to land the right fixer-upper , beyond the waiver that participants sign for any show to use their likeness , there 's an unspoken contract that being on TV means never really having control of your own story .
“ Nathan for You ” has democratized that process in a way that few shows have . Stripping away most of the naked ambition and brutal infighting for something with a much more modest aim , “ Nathan for You ” is a show without a hapless victim . In this season , as in past ones , Fielder has taken the “ my-name-is-on-the-show ” position of power and leveled out the playing field for everyone involved in these crazy business rebranding efforts .
Some of the bigger , outsized stunts have been built around him , but in the much more common group-effort approach , Fielder has shown that he 's willing to do what he asks of his co-conspirators . He 'll sing an a cappella composition of his own making , he 'll take a blowtorch to a polymer gel-coated groin , he 'll put himself in the precarious position of risking a felony .
Aside from various members of the current presidential administration , no one figure in American culture has been responsible for more challenges to the concept of reality more than Fielder . No matter how many times one of his stunts ends with a segment-closing montage of local news reports reproducing his schemes as mere happenstance , it does chip away at the veracity of all the nightly “ you wo n't believe this ! ” stories that come in their wake . Peeler has effectively hijacked the human interest means of production , and made one of TV 's great shows in the process . ( This season , he also undercut the time-tested late night talk show anecdote formula , too . )
Comedy Central
“ Nathan for You ” has an important message about scale and oneupsmanship for an entertainment world desperate for new ways to snag attention . Massive undertakings like his wedding trip mishap Kimmel bit ( reportedly ) took hundreds of thousands of dollars to pull off , but it 's far from the biggest thing in scope that the show has ever done . The show 's answer to “ Where to go next ? ” has rarely been to do more or do it bigger . The world of the internet itself has changed drastically in the few years the show 's been on the air , but Fielder 's been able to have at least one episode per season hop across the comedy nerd subset and make something that could surface elsewhere . From impossibly long lead times ( like the hero pig video or The Movement ) or ones with tighter windows , the show has doubled down on itself and its trickster spirit rather than trying to expand beyond its limits .
As the show heads to the close of its fourth season , it 's worth celebrating the show 's smaller moments , like the very end of this season 's second episode . After a typically ( and unnecessarily ) convoluted scheme to help out an L.A.-area massage parlor , the button on this crazy scheme is two guys talked about baking . It 's simple , weirdly touching , and a perfect comedy beat , all in one . It 's not funny because the audience has deemed these people worthy of derision or they 're destined for tabloid fame . It 's funny because it 's the kind of conversation that TV does n't make time for anymore .
There 's no doubt that some of Fielder 's interactions with the business owners he helps are in-character . The constant thread through the show 's first few seasons , of a TV host 's simple desire for human affection , plays out in lingering hugs , awkward meet-up plans and a few extra readings of the line “ I love you. ” “ Nathan for You ” may have done a more straightforward parody of “ The Bachelor , ” but shepherding one person 's quest for companionship in the middle of these bizarre antics is just making subtext out of the text of a bevy of disposable dating show franchises .
Discussing whether a reality show can be truly “ real ” seems like a fruitless exercise . What 's important is how much that divide between fact and controlled narrative affects what any show is striving for . There 's no way to be able to guarantee that the most sincere-seeming moments , like that quick back-and-forth about baking , are genuine , spontaneous bits of unplanned brilliance . We 'll never be able to say for sure if that convenience store owner really does what he says he does or if a writer-for-hire independently headlined a chapter of a fictional autobiography with the word “ Baboons . ”
But whenever the first step of one of these business experiments is Fielder going immediately to Wikipedia , it immediately undercuts the self-imposed hierarchy that so many of these unscripted shows put into place . The first move we often see to get these plans in motion is hopping on Craigslist . Sure , shortly after that there 's an army of set decorators and line producers ready to bring these ideas to fruition , but there 's some truth in the everyman illusion .
In trying to help other people , “ Nathan for You ” is an exercise in TV altruism . Its subjects do n't become legendary by being laughing-stocks . If there are any villains on “ Nathan for You , ” it 's the people who do n't come across as genuine . ( The darkest moments of the pre-season special “ Nathan for You : A Celebration ” are reserved for a handful of people who tried to leverage their newfound fame into another TV gig . ) By building a tiny viral comedy empire around careful deceptions , it weeds out the people who are dead-set on TV stardom . Because , in the end , it 's about the people . Maybe “ Nathan for You ” is the one show that 's here to make friends , after all .
The two-hour “ Nathan For You ” season finale airs tonight at 9 p.m. on Comedy Central .
Sign Up : Stay on Top of the Latest TV News ! Sign Up for our TV Newsletter Now
Material scientists have predicted and built two new magnetic materials , atom-by-atom , using high-throughput computational models . The success marks a new era for the large-scale design of new magnetic materials at unprecedented speed .
Although magnets abound in everyday life , they are actually rarities—only about five percent of known inorganic compounds show even a hint of magnetism . And of those , just a few dozen are useful in real-world applications because of variability in properties such as effective temperature range and magnetic permanence .
The relative scarcity of these materials can make them expensive or difficult to obtain , leading many to search for new options given how important magnets are in applications ranging from motors to magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) machines . The traditional process involves little more than trial and error , as researchers produce different molecular structures in hopes of finding one with magnetic properties . Many high-performance magnets , however , are singular oddities among physical and chemical trends that defy intuition .
In a new study , materials scientists from Duke University provide a shortcut in this process . They show the capability to predict magnetism in new materials through computer models that can screen hundreds of thousands of candidates in short order . And , to prove it works , they 've created two magnetic materials that have never been seen before .
The results appear April 14 , 2017 , in Science Advances .
`` Predicting magnets is a heck of a job and their discovery is very rare , ” said Stefano Curtarolo , professor of mechanical engineering and materials science and director of the Center for Materials Genomics at Duke . “ Even with our screening process , it took years of work to synthesize our predictions . We hope others will use this approach to create magnets for use in a wide range of applications . ''
The group focused on a family of materials called Heusler alloys—materials made with atoms from three different elements arranged in one of three distinct structures . Considering all the possible combinations and arrangements available using 55 elements , the researchers had 236,115 potential prototypes to choose from .
To narrow the list down , the researchers built each prototype atom-by-atom in a computational model . By calculating how the atoms would likely interact and the energy each structure would require , the list dwindled to 35,602 potentially stable compounds .
From there , the researchers conducted a more stringent test of stability . Generally speaking , materials stabilize into the arrangement requiring the least amount of energy to maintain . By checking each compound against other atomic arrangements and throwing out those that would be beat out by their competition , the list shrank to 248 .
Of those 248 , only 22 materials showed a calculated magnetic moment . The final cut dropped any materials with competing alternative structures too close for comfort , leaving a final 14 candidates to bring from theoretical model into the real world .
But as most things in a laboratory turn out , synthesizing new materials is easier said than done .
“ It can take years to realize a way to create a new material in a lab , ” said Corey Oses , a doctoral student in Curtarolo 's laboratory and second author on the paper . “ There can be all types of constraints or special conditions that are required for a material to stabilize . But choosing from 14 is a lot better than 200,000 . ”
For the synthesis , Curtarolo and Oses turned to Stefano Sanvito , professor of physics at Trinity College in Dublin , Ireland . After years of attempting to create four of the materials , Sanvito succeeded with two .
Both were , as predicted , magnetic .
The first newly minted magnetic material was made of cobalt , manganese and titanium ( Co2MnTi ) . By comparing the measured properties of similarly structured magnets , the researchers were able to predict the new magnet 's properties with a high degree of accuracy . Of particular note , they predicted the temperature at which the new material lost its magnetism to be 940 K ( 1232 degrees Fahrenheit ) . In testing , the actual “ Curie temperature ” turned out to be 938 K ( 1228 degrees Fahrenheit ) —an exceptionally high number . This , along with its lack of rare earth elements , makes it potentially useful in many commercial applications .
“ Many high-performance permanent magnets contain rare earth elements , ” said Oses . “ And rare earth materials can be expensive and difficult to acquire , particularly those that can only be found in Africa and China . The search for magnets free of rare-earth materials is critical , especially as the world seems to be shying away from globalization . ”
The second material was a mixture of manganese , platinum and palladium ( Mn2PtPd ) , which turned out to be an antiferromagnet , meaning that its electrons are evenly divided in their alignments . This leads the material to have no internal magnetic moment of its own , but makes its electrons responsive to external magnetic fields .
While this property does n't have many applications outside of magnetic field sensing , hard drives and Random Access Memory ( RAM ) , these types of magnets are extremely difficult to predict . Nevertheless , the group 's calculations for its various properties remained spot on .
“ It does n't really matter if either of these new magnets proves useful in the future , ” said Curtarolo . “ The ability to rapidly predict their existence is a major coup and will be invaluable to materials scientists moving forward . ”
This work was supported by the Science Foundation of Ireland , the EU Commission and the National Science Foundation ( DGF1106401 ) .
“ Accelerated discovery of new magnets in the Heusler alloy family. ” Stefano Sanvito , Corey Oses , Junkai Xue , Anurag Tiwariy , Mario Zic , Thomas Archer , Pelin Tozman , Munuswamy Venkatesan , J. Michael D. Coey , and Stefano Curtarolo . Science Advances , April 14 , 2017 . DOI : 10.1126/sciadv.1602241
# # #
As President Donald Trump prepares to leave Washington D.C. for a retreat with other Republican leaders to work on their agenda , activists are working out the details and planning a huge protest march to greet the president when he arrives in Philadelphia .
According to POLITICO , Trump will speak to House and Senate Republicans at the Loews Philadelphia Hotel , and protesters plan to be at “ the foot ” of the hotel .
After the huge turnout and success of the Women 's March over the weekend , protesters and activists are encouraged and inspired to gather again . Several tweets were sent out on the official Twitter of the Women 's March including :
‘ Put your pink hats back on & let 's get to work to # ProtectOurCare tomorrow in Philly ! '
Put your pink hats back on & let 's get to work to # ProtectOurCare tomorrow in Philly ! — Women 's March ( @ womensmarch ) January 25 , 2017
‘ Every Republican member of Congress & the Senate–plus @ POTUS himself– are gathering in Philly tomorrow to plan their 2017 agenda . '
Every Republican member of Congress & the Senate—plus @ POTUS himself—are gathering in Philly tomorrow to plan their 2017 agenda . — Women 's March ( @ womensmarch ) January 25 , 2017
‘ Stripping health care from 30 million Americans is at the top of that list . '
Stripping health care from 30 million Americans is at the top of that list . — Women 's March ( @ womensmarch ) January 25 , 2017
‘ We must continue to stand together & send a message to our new administration . Join us 11 am at Thomas Paine Plaza . '
We must continue to stand together & send a message to our new administration . Join us 11am at Thomas Paine Plaza https : //t.co/hGalLBdDk9 — Women 's March ( @ womensmarch ) January 25 , 2017
They hope to cash in on the fact that Democrats are motivated and at this point mobilized .
The Philadelphia Inquirer reported the main protest is expected to have 3,000 participants . Also , a lunch-hour “ die-in ” is planned outside Loews . To protest the repeal of the Affordable Care Act , protesters will fall to the ground . Additionally , there will be a protest for immigrant rights , and a “ Queer Rager ” dance party is planned for that night .
Featured image via Mario Tama .
Waking up mad as hell after yesterday , I did n't want the actions of that white dude to have the final say . I was n't initially going to attend a march on Saturday , but being angry as hell , I put on my clerical , my # BlackLivesMatter shirt , picked up my sign , and went out the door . I stood near the steps of the San Mateo County History Museum watching people enter the event . I saw a lot of pink pussy hats . I saw one safety pin on someone 's jacket . I saw a lot of signs that said “ Women 's Rights are Human Rights ” and I felt that there was so much lacking in the signs and conversations when coming to the multitude of identities that constantly face oppression and are under serious threat in a Trump presidency . When a singer came to the microphone and said that he was selling his CD before breaking out into song , I was done . I instead went into self-care mode , choosing to honor what would have been my father 's 72nd birthday by going home and eating a birthday cake .
I 'm not going to lie . I am struggling to see the smiling and primarily white faces from today 's # WomensMarch filling my social media . I consistently saw pictures with festive atmospheres with pink pussy hats , creative signs , and a large collection of people gathered to protest now-President Donald Trump . Like , freaking huge , y'all . Where did you all come from ? I can not help but wonder where was this physical outpouring of people at the extrajudicial killing of black and brown people ? The murders of so many Trans People in the United States ? Where was this flood of people and support when indigenous populations at Standing Rock are ( still ) fighting to protect their land from corporate oil ? Where was this outcry from all over the country ( and the world ) in the primaries , when Trump mocked reporter Serge Kovaleski ( who has arthrogryposis ) , when Trump kicked out Jorge Ramos ( a Mexican-American journalist with Univision ) from a press conference , when Trump won the Republican nomination for president , when the Trump tapes revealed the sanctity of white pussy… .. ?
I do n't know if there will again be another mass gathering of people from all over the world . I 'm going to make a gross assumption : the days ahead will not be festive . Within our social locations , we will all have to ask ourselves some hard questions in the days , weeks , months , and years ahead . I know that I have to look in the mirror and ask if I have done enough , because I know there are times where I have fallen short . I know there will be times where I will fall short in the coming days , weeks , months , years ahead , but I am invested in the work . If I 've seen anything from Friday evening to return home and put an ice pack on my face , I was surrounded by a community of beloveds . Beloveds I can trust and will invest in this work together . I am anxious for the days ahead , but I also believe that we are the resurrected body of Christ to work with one another to bring about the kin-dom .
Y'all , I am a person of hope as a follower of Jesus . I believe in both death and resurrection . But I am also a realist ; there is a lot of hard work that is to come after today . I know that as an Asian-American cishet woman , I still have a hell of a lot of work to do if I am going to be in this work of justice and liberation . That work does not on happen on the backs of others . I know that I will fuck up on the road ahead doing the work of justice and liberation . I 'm going to make a gross assumption and say you will , too . After today , will you be invested in the hard work , where you will ( un ) intentionally hurt someone 's feelings , where you will ( un ) intentionally offend someone ? Where we will have to find a way to stumble along on this path but not on the backs of others ?
So , y'all . What are you going to do on day two and every day afterward ?
It 's fun to write lists in dialog . A good list has power . In Henry V , the English soldiers charge `` For God , for Harry , and St . George ! '' Somewhere I have a felt banner that says , `` For God , for Country and for Yale . '' ( This motto is listed in a dictionary as an example of `` anticlimax , '' no doubt by a lexicographer from Harvard . )
This is the planned list , a list that has solidified in the speaker 's mind . I had fun this morning writing the sentence , `` No one 's going to go to war for the sake of an island of rubble , subsistence farmers , and terribly large badgers , '' describing our alternative history England . The speaker clearly has said that before , even if only to himself .
Then there is the unplanned list . After Agincourt , Shakespeare has King Henry V read a herald 's note detailing the dead among his enemies , the French :
King Henry : This note doth tell me of ten thousand French
That in the field lie slain . [ ... ]
The names of those their nobles that lie dead :
Charles Delabreth , high constable of France ;
Jacques of Châtillon , admiral of France ;
The Master of the Crossbows , Lord Rambures ;
Great Master of France , the brave Sir Guichard Dauphin ;
John , duke of Alençon ; Anthony , duke of Brabant ,
The brother of the duke of Burgundy ,
And Edward , duke of Bar . Of lusty earls :
Grandpré and Roussi , Faulconbridge and Foix ,
Beaumont and Marle , Vaudemont and Lestrale .
Here was a royal fellowship of death .
When most actors get a list , they tend to read it like a grocery list . They know they 're reading a list . Each word they speak is part of a list . It becomes singsong . If you perform Henry 's speech like that , it has little power .
Take a moment , and read the above like a list .
Now , read the list , but each time you come to a name , pause for a moment , and imagine someone you know . Now imagine them dead . Only then move on to the next name .
Seriously , do that .
See what that does ?
It becomes an unplanned list . Short planned lists have power . Long planned lists are tedious . Long , unplanned lists have power .
It is a challenge to get actors to perform unplanned lists , because they can see the damn list right in front of their eyes . They know how many names are coming up . Yet you have to knock them off that , derail that train , or it sounds like a planned list . You have to remind them that their character does n't know what they 're about to say until a fraction of a second before they say it .
( In Meisner technique we were taught to practice lines at the highest possible speed , without affect : `` Whatapieceofworkisman hownobleinreasonhowexcellentinfaculty etc. '' . That way the words would be there when I needed to say them , but would n't be associated with an emotion . So the emotion would come fresh and surprising , even though the line was memorized . )
( The ability to let go of what you know is critical to many artists . An editor has to be able to say , `` Who the hell is this character that just showed up ? '' even though in the 22 previous cuts of the film , that character was properly introduced , so of course she knows who it is . Same thing for a writer . )
One of our characters in We Happy Few has a problem :
`` Beatrice says she loves me . But she loves everything ! Me ... long walks ... sunsets and rainbows of course . Simon Says… big wristwatches on a man… wrapping paper… dandelions… a good night 's sleep… ribbons… Uncle Jack 's bedtime stories… six o'clock … commemorative spoons . I have to know if it 's real ! ''
What 's funny about this list , I hope , is that it is ( a ) unexpectedly long ( b ) terribly specific ( c ) weirdly diverse . `` Unexpectedly long '' is only funny if the actor performs the list as if he does not know how long the list is . If the list becomes sing-song , it 's not funny . He has to perform it as if he is searching his memory for everything Beatrice loves . It 's funnier if it sounds like he 's done , and then he thinks of some more things . Ideally , to make it more comically upsetting , the actor should do homework : create a different imaginary circumstance in which Beatrice liked each distinct item on the list . Then each item comes with its own distinct emotion , and it will come out of his creative instrument sounding distinctly different .
By the way , giving the actor a distinct imaginary circumstance is almost always helpful , not just with lists . With good actors -- and this deep into development we 've got an amazing repertory of voice actors -- if you simply tell them something about their imaginary circumstance , the line comes out more distinctly . Even if they 've said the line the way I intended it the first time , I 'll still tell them something about it sometimes , to see how that informs their delivery . They usually deliver the line sharper . Remember this is in a voice session where we 're doing a new line , on average , every 30 seconds . Our guys are Teslas : they go from 0 to 60 at ludicrous speed . Their ability to interpolate the imaginary circumstance I just gave them and deliver the line fresh is what makes us bring them back .
Labels : We Happy Few
Positive resolutions
Thanks to my best mutual friends
Web 2.0 is only a fake
Social Media steals what is most precious to you
Whatever you do , do it for you
I will remember many of yours
Positive resolutions are not only important at New Year . Yesterday I made my final decision to stop participating . From my favorite , digg , to SU ( StumbleUpon ) , Reddit , mixx and some others . I will not continue . I will not return . Likewise I will stop at blogcatalog.com , MyBlogLog.com and twitter.I would like to express my biggest gratitude to my best mutual friends at digg in the US , in Australia , in the UK and more . Mutual friends that care about me , my interests and my submissions . I have n't found them in all other Social networks . digg was awesome , because of the awesome people , not because of digg.It makes no sense . You work for free or maybe earn some dollars from clicking at the advertisements of your blog or website . But they will earn millions of dollars . Perhaps not today . But then.Social Media is your employer , but you earn only a few dollars as compensation for loss of time . The time of your life . Social Media steals what is most precious to you : time.Whatever you do , do it for you , not for big companies that have tons of money . With every word you write on their sites , you improve their sites . Not yours . With every tag , you tag their sites , not yours . The more tags you use , the more their pages will get optimized . Not your pages and sites . They will be found with your work.I will go now , but I will remember many of yours . Thank you for your warm welcome . Big thanks for your courtesy . And finally thank you for your behavior towards me . It has always been exemplary . It was always a great pleasure . If you would like to contact me , you may use the a. m. e-mail . All contacts at GTalk will be deleted in a few hours.I do n't know if you read that : Teaser : The Holy Grail of SEO and announcement of closing this blog , but it boosted my decision .
This blog post Wulffy stopped doing any Social Media is categorized under Search Engine Optimization , SEO , Web 2.0 , Social Media Optimization , SMO , Search Engine Marketing , SEM .
Permalink
Cornerback Jabari Price , who was arrested for suspicion of driving while impaired in the hours after the regular-season finale in December , had his charge reduced to careless driving Wednesday .
During a court appearance , Price agreed to do 30 days of electronic home monitoring , according to his attorney , David Valentini . Price , who passed all drug tests leading up to the court date , has also entered into a substance abuse education program and paid a $ 300 fine , Valentini said .
In the early hours of Dec. 29 , a state trooper observed Price speeding while driving southbound on Interstate 35W and pulled Price over . The trooper “ detected impairment in the driver , ” according to the incident report , and administered a breathalyzer test . Price had a blood alcohol level of 0.13 percent , was arrested on suspicion of DWI at the scene and booked in Hennepin County jail .
While the 22-year-old was able to get the charge reduced to careless driving Wednesday , he is still subject to the NFL 's personal conduct policy and could face a fine or a suspension from the league .
Price , a Florida native who played college football at North Carolina , was a seventh-round pick last May . Price played 14 games for the Vikings as a rookie . He was mostly used on special teams but also played 46 defensive snaps as a reserve . He had 10 tackles in his first season .
Protests are expected at Glasgow University against the nomination of ‘ alt-right ' figure Milo Yiannopoulos as the institution 's rector following “ disgusting ” claims he would ban the Muslim society to protect the LGBT community .
Yiannopoulos ' nomination as the Russell Group university 's rector has met wide condemnation after he pledged to call for the Muslim Students Association to be shut down in favor of LGBT people .
But one student from Glasgow University claimed the former Breitbart UK editor 's real motive for banning the Muslim group lies in his “ Islamophobic ” views .
Hollie Hallam , who has set up a petition to ban Yiannopoulos from campus , which has garnered 3,600 signatures , told the Independent : “ It is absolutely not his genuine motive .
“ His recent comments about Glasgow being full of ‘ spiky-haired lesbian comedians ' and his remarks about trans people show it is not about LGBTQ students , it 's about Islamophobia . ”
Yiannopoulos , a fond supporter of US President Donald Trump , has already been banned from Twitter for describing Ghostbusters star Leslie Jones as “ barely literate , ” and recently resigned from Breitbart News after making comments apparently defending pedophilia . It also cost him a book deal with publishers Simon & Schuster .
Hallam also pointed out that Yiannopoulos ' comments are contradictory , as he has attacked the LGBT community in the past .
“ I think it 's a disgusting , provocative notion and I ca n't see it getting past the senate .
“ I do n't think he is in any position to accuse anyone else of not looking out for trans rights , ” she told the paper .
“ What 's more , LGBTQ students and Muslims are not mutually exclusive groups , there are LGBTQ Muslims . ”
The university 's Anarchist Student Group , responsible for organizing the protest , slammed Yiannopoulos as an “ alt-right troll ” who has repeatedly made discriminating remarks against various groups of people , including LGBT , for Breitbart .
Read more
“ He has written numerous articles for Breitbart and made comments attacking foreign students , women in science , the LGBTQI+ community ( transgender students in particular ) , and anyone who disagrees with him .
“ He has repeatedly used speeches on university campuses to target students , and encouraged his followers to harass them , ” the group said , according to the Huffington Post .
When asked if he would be attending the hustings on Thursday , Yiannopoulos said : “ Despite its garrulous dranks and drab , spiky-haired lesbian ‘ comedians , ' Glasgow is a great town .
“ And I like a drink and a smoke as much as the next gay boy , ” he remarked .
But Yiannopoulos ' Facebook page appears to show him on holiday in Hawaii .
The current rector at Glasgow University is exile National Security Agency ( NSA ) whistleblower Edward Snowden , who will be replaced on March 21 following a student vote .
Among other roles as a rector , Yiannopoulos would have to speak for the student community among higher-ranking figures at Glasgow 's top university .
Aamer Anwar , a human rights lawyer and another nominee to become rector , hit out at Yiannopoulos ' intent to “ ban the Muslim Students Association , ” claiming it is yet another “ Islamophobic diatribe . ”
“ No student whatever background should have to study in a climate of fear .
“ The first thing we should all do then is condemned publicly Milo 's attack on Muslim students and stand together to defend the rights of all those at the university , ” Anwar said in a statement .
Building the Ingest System
Last week we added KQED as our third partner to the Ingest System Pilot . The Ingest System allows our partner stations to publish stories to our content repository so that they can distribute through our Story API . In this blog post , I will explain some of the technical details about how the Ingest System works .
The Ingest System currently accepts stories in two XML data formats . We accept a limited subset of NPRML -- our own home-grown way of expressing story content in XML . We also accept RSS with MediaRSS and NPRML extensions for audio and images and other resources . Currently , we are focused on audio , images , text , and related links , but we plan to add the ability to ingest video and other resource types later . Ingest partners post story documents in one of the two accepted formats via HTTP to the Ingest System 's URL . In addition to creating new stories , partners can update stories they have previously posted or , if necessary , delete them . The Ingest System is designed to be REST-ful , so we determine what action to take based on the HTTP method ( GET , PUT , POST , or DELETE ) used when interacting with the Ingest System .
While implementing the Ingest System , we faced an interesting technical challenge . Our APIs , including the components we use to authenticate API access , are written in PHP , while our content management system ( CMS ) is written in Java . All persistence of story content to the database is done through well-tested Java components that are part of the CMS . Having a single path of entry for this data makes it much easier to manage and debug data issues . Normally , editors create content in the CMS , which persists the data to the database through these Java components . From the database , we create a file with an XML version of the Story Model , a data structure that contains all the information needed to represent the story . Later , when you view a page on NPR.org or make a Story API query , the data is assembled from the XML files , or if necessary , read from read-only versions of the database by the PHP code , which then renders the content .
toggle caption Harold Neal/NPR
For the Ingest System , we had to take a different path . Control of the ingest process starts in PHP , where we perform authentication of the request . Next we transform the partner 's input document into one or more Story Models . While we currently only support this transformation for two document formats , we could easily add other document formats in the future . I found that doing these transformations in PHP was much easier than in Java due to the excellent SimpleXML library that is available in PHP .
Once the partner 's document has been transformed into the Story Model , it is serialized by PHP into JSON ( Javascript Serialized Object Notation ) which is posted over HTTP to the CMS ( Java ) , which deserializes it . JSON is the bridge we use to work across systems and programming languages . PHP5 has built-in support for JSON , and we use a Java JSON library to interact with JSON data in Java . The amount of code to manage the conversions to and from JSON is much less than if we had used a data exchange format such as XML .
After the CMS deserializes the Story Model , it validates the data and then persists the data to the database using Java components . The validation may find errors , such as a missing title , that will cause the system to reject the story completely . The validation can also find warnings , such as an bad image URL . Warnings allow the rest of the story to be ingested . Both errors and warnings are noted in the document returned to the partner .
During the Java processing , we make a note of any audio files we need to download from the partner . We want the Ingest System to respond back to the partner quickly ( within a few seconds at most ) , but downloading audio can take much longer , so we download the audio files asynchronously . If we encounter a problem downloading the audio , the system generates an email informing the partner of the problem .
Once the Java system has finished processing the story data , a result code and any error or warning messages are sent back to the PHP code , once again using JSON . The PHP code then uses the Story API to provide a response back to the partner that shows what the story will look like in the Story API along with any errors or warnings that occurred during processing .
The Ingest System is a closed API , meaning it can only be used by select partners . However , it will benefit anyone who uses the open Story API by bringing a local aspect to the national and global news already available from the Story API . As the Ingest System ramps up to include more stations we hope the system will let you find news important to you no matter where you are .
This weekend , Kickstarter added a ninth million-dollar project to its most funded list . What makes this one interesting is that it is n't an iPhone accessory , gadget , or celebrity rock project . It 's an assortment of over 200 fantasy figurines called Bones that can be used to play Dungeons & Dragons and other role-playing games .
Even if you do n't play games with little plastic monsters , the Bones campaign warrants notice : It is now the third highest-grossing Kickstarter in history . Reaper Miniatures , the company behind Bones , has shown that you do n't need a high-tech product to make millions on Kickstarter , just a high-intensity fan base and a killer strategy .
Unlike many of the fledging startups on Kickstarter , Reaper started in 1992 , and over the past two decades has produced hundreds of products scattered over a couple dozen brands . They found a winner with the Bones line , which launched in March and quickly became their best seller with 20 low-cost figures .
Bones ' success did n't guarantee its growth , though , as new model designs are expensive to produce . Reaper founder Ed Pugh explains , “ Figure molds for the current pieces already in production have ranged from $ 8,000 to $ 32,000 each . A dragon mold might begin at $ 25,000 but could easily rise to $ 75,000 depending on the decisions you make . ”
With such prohibitive design costs , Pugh and his team decided to test Bones ' success by using Kickstarter to generate the working capital for large batch of new models .
The Reaper team planned a campaign worthy of the finest Dungeon Master , complete with mounds of treasure . They set their official Kickstarter funding goal at $ 30,000 — low enough to get molds made and get ranked highly in the system , which helps generate further attention . Unofficially , however , they aimed for loftier targets , desiring to earn at least $ 1 million and take the top spot on Kickstarter 's gaming list . But careful planning forecasted something even higher . “ It was designed with hopes of raising $ 4 million. ” Pugh explains , a number they came very close to matching by the time funding ended .
Part of what made Bones incredibly effective was the way Reaper leveraged the concept of “ Stretch Goals ” — new rewards that are unlocked at certain funding thresholds . If you pledged at the “ Vampire ” level of $ 100 , new figures would be added to your reward as the tally grew , encouraging backers to share the deal with friends .
Even with serious planning and 20 years of experience developing products for this audience , the team at Reaper faced unexpected results . Pugh says he was surprised by “ how fast it could accelerate in the last week ” — when the project raised an additional $ 1.8 million in the final 72 hours . “ We had a meeting on the Monday of the last week and we realized that after that meeting there were really no more adjustments we could make that would matter . The event was accelerating so fast it was simply going to become a rocket-ride and it was anyone 's guess where we would land . ”
Top 10 Highest-Funded Kickstarter Projects
As of Aug. 26 , 2012
Project Funding Category Pebble : E-Paper Watch for iPhone and Android $ 10,266,846 Design OUYA : A New Kind of Video Game Console $ 8,596,475 Games Reaper Miniatures Bones : An Evolution Of Gaming Miniatures $ 3,429,236 Games Double Fine Adventure $ 3,336,372 Games Wasteland 2 $ 2,933,252 Games Shadowrun Returns $ 1,836,447 Games Elevation Dock : The Best Dock For iPhone $ 1,464,707 Design The Order of the Stick Reprint Drive $ 1,254,120 Comics Amanda Palmer : The new RECORD , ART BOOK , and TOUR $ 1,192,793 Music Sedition Wars : Battle for Alabaster $ 951,254 Games
Despite outsized success , Pugh has a measured response to the campaign . “ This Kickstarter validated our belief in Bones and they will obviously become a large part of our future product releases . Beyond that we really are more of an evolutionary company than a revolutionary company so everything will pretty much continue as business as usual . ”
While the achievement is great for Reaper , some worry about the Kickstarter impact on neighborhood game shops , including Dan Yarrington , founder of game publisher Game Salute and owner of two game stores . “ There 's already significant question about how this will impact the retail tier , ” Yarrington expresses . “ Kickstarter continues to transform the industry and this is only the beginning . Every time we think we 've hit a new threshold , it gets pushed higher. ” For his part , Yarrington regularly release games through Kickstarter with his “ Springboard ” imprint .
Others see Kickstarter success as a net positive . Chern Ann Ng is a founder of publisher Cool Mini or Not and has raised approximately $ 2 million on three miniature game projects , including the Kickstarter top 10 hit Sedition Wars , and new effort Relic Knights . “ It 's good that this is taking place in as public a venue as Kickstarter ; this should help distributors and retail stores recognize potential hits they may have missed , especially in a pretty tough economic environment . ”
The first tabletop wargame using miniatures was invented by sci-fi luminary H.G . Wells , but the concept really took off in the 1970s when RPGs were at their peak and helped companies like Games Workshop go public . Now Kickstarter is redefining the industry again , showing how big changes can come in small packages .
With Austin being six hours to the west of the prime meridian , the deadlines that an F1 journalist faces at the United States Grand Prix are much shorter than for races that happen in the east , where one has extra time to get everything done . This means that the pressure is on , with some forced to write reports as the race develops , in order to hit deadlines back home .
We crashed out our e-magazine GrandPrix+ in a little over six hours and then headed back to our hotel , stopping to buy remarkably unhealthy ( and unappetising ) food at a garage on the way home . The rest of the F1 circus might be dancing at Pete 's Piano Bar ( or wherever ) but we worked through until dawn and then on to breakfast time . It was brutal , but a visit to the local café in Austin ( our hotel does n't have one ) usually perks us up on the day after the Grand Prix .
It is a weird and wacky place where a very thin man called Daisy wanders around in multi-coloured clothing and a pork pie hat , taking orders for tofu , vegetable and nutritional yeast scrambles , served with hemp seed patties , and sweet potato hash , rather than the traditional corned beef version . They even do weird stuff with pork bellies and scrambled eggs . But this is Austin and Austin is meant to be weird . You expect the unexpected . So what if your bartender has purple hair and a psychology degree ? Who cares that on an election map the vast majority of Texas is Republican red , with just an island of Democratic blue around Austin . The people of Austin , Texas , pride themselves on being different and years ago , a local business alliance adopted the slogan “ Keep Austin Weird ” . It was perfect .
But then , let 's face it , F1 is not exactly crammed with non-weird people , so Austin is a very popular venue . In my green notebook one of the first notes reads “ 258,000 over the three days ” , which was the crowd figure , slightly down on last year , but still a very acceptable number . This is really important in Texas because the State Government needs to justify its annual grant to the Circuit of the Americas and so there is pressure on the track to hit big targets . And , after trying with F1 alone , COTA reached out ( do n't you hate that expression ) to the world of music for help , shipping in Taylor Swift last year and Justin Timberlake this year to bump up the numbers and to try to generate new fans from their followers . Bobby Epstein , the CEO of COTA , says that he wants the race weekend to become more of a music festival , but still centred on the Grand Prix .
This is a bit odd . In early October , Austin has a huge music festival called as Austin City Limits , which brings in 450,000 spectators over two three-day weekends . Having another music festival a week after this makes no sense at all , and adds to the argument that perhaps COTA really ought to look for a deal to run the race back-to-back with Montreal in June , and let Mexico become twinned with Brazil . This makes a lot of sense because in the autumn in the US the competition for live TV viewers is intense , with the mighty NFL and the NASCAR Play-Offs all happening at the same time , not to mention college football , which is huge .
Austin claims to be the “ Live Music Capital of the World ” , and perhaps it is , but then one can never be sure because the baseball world has a World Series that only allows US teams to play… It seems that people think the world ends when the US reaches the oceans on either side , and that there is nothing out there beyond the horizon . This is one of the reasons that F1 has struggled in the United States , because sport is so very foreign and people from Kansas City do n't really know who to cheer for . F1 is still what the Americans might call “ a gourmet item ” , which means it is foreign , expensive and rather exotic . In culinary terms that would be foie gras aux truffes . A few folk like it ( some say its a criminal offence because some people do nasty things to ducks ) , but a lot of others are quite happy with NASCAR , the motorsport equivalent of burger and fries .
Trying to turn F1 into a popular sport is not going to be the work of a moment , but now that it is American-owned and NASDAQ-listed , things are beginning to change to get Americans excited . In Austin the Formula One group decided to try a little NASCAR-style show business , with some old buffer called Michael Buffer from the world of boxing , introducing the drivers with that unique way they do things over here . The F1 stars emerged on to the grid on a red carpet from a tunnel spewing dry ice and the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders jiggling about within their upholstery . F1 fans , being a conservative lot , seem not to have much liked this , judging by the ranting and raving on social media . Frankly , I am all for a bit of glitz and jiggle . I went to a rugby game not so long ago in Paris and they used flame-projectors to get the atmosphere buzzing . And it worked… I 've also seen that done in the elegant gardens at Versailles , which one might think should only have string quartets . There is a place for razzmatazz in any activity , if you want to keep the people happy . One does n't often read quotes from the Roman poet Juvenal in motor racing publications , but what people want is panem et circenses ( bread and circuses ) . So let 's not be snobbish and give it to them .
“ I think it was amazing , ” said Lewis Hamilton , a man who is not averse to bling and kitsch , after the race . “ It was great to see something different . For many many years , the whole 10 years of my F1 career , it 's been the same old boring thing on the grid . I think this one was just much more like an NFL game – which is exciting , with the fireworks and everything . ”
There is a note in the green book that says that most of the drivers were looking self-conscious and what was missing from the pre-race show was sufficient energy from the participants . Add a little of that and the whole thing will be a great deal better .
Having former US President Bill Clinton and Usain Bolt on the grid along with a bunch of other stars from different walks of life can only be seen as a good thing , but if you think that this is all a bit over the top , allow me to quote a preacher saying a prayer not long ago as part of the pre-race ceremonies at a NASCAR race : He praised the Lord for “ mighty racing machines ” , for Fords , and Chevrolets , Dodges and Toyotas . He even praised the Lord for “ Sunoco racing fuels ” and rounded it all off with thanks for his own “ smoking hot wife ” and that well-known religious exhortation : “ boogity , boogity , boogity , Amen… ” which I am told means that it is time to go racing .
F1 has a long way to go before it gets “ too American ” … although having a mechanical bull in the paddock was an interesting leap in that direction . I am sure that some F1 tried this , but I never saw it in action because F1 people already have plenty of other ways to fall on their faces…
Ask Ferrari .
The World Championship stayed alive for another week and there was controversy over whether or not the FIA Stewards are numbskulls for having ruined Max Verstappen 's fantastic charge to third place , by penalizing him . The rules say that he did wrong , but lots of people think that there are times when , for the good of the cause , such things should not be applied . Admittedly , that sows the seeds for troubled waters , but in this modern age there really ought to be a way to keep the drivers off the track limit lines . The old school in the F1 paddock says that walls should be built , but it is clear that Jean Todt and the Zebra Crossing Brigade would consider this to be dangerous . So perhaps there should be some kind of electronic system which would cut horsepower if the drivers went off the GPS-limited race track .
Oddly enough , they probably would n't do it…
Max 's drive was a thing of wonder and he also won the prize in Austin for springing the biggest surprise when it was announced that he has extended his Red Bull contract until the end of 2020 . This was not expected at all because everyone thought ( including the teams concerned ) that Max would leave Red Bull at the end of 2018 in order to join either Ferrari or Mercedes . By agreeing to stay with Red Bull until 2020 , Max had done a number of things : he is in a team where he is happy and is still developing his talents . He is earning a lot of money ( rumoured to be around $ 15 million a year ) , but that is going to go up significantly now , with the suggestion being that he will make $ 30 million a year in 2019 and 2020 . This may be a very clever move because the advent of budget caps in F1 ( which are coming ) will mean that driver salaries are going to be affected and so doing a deal in advance of this means that Max is likely to bank more… By the time he comes on to the market again , he will still only be 23 , while Hamilton and Vettel will be getting up to retirement age . This means that Max will not have to accept any kind of compromises over driver status , as is the case for the current Ferrari and Mercedes “ number twos ” .
There has been a lot of talk in F1 circles about the new ideas that Liberty Media is developing , with stories about two-day race meetings and so on . This does not sound very logical given that their plan is to try to develop week-long festivals around each race . Obviously there is some resistance to increasing the number of events AND increasing the length of each one , but the best solution to that would seem to be to restrict the number of events , make them bigger and better and charge the cities more for them…
I am told that the engine rules for 2021 are now pretty much done and will be presented at the end of the month , prior to being dusted by the FIA in December . It seems that there is broad agreement which will see the 1.6-litre V6 formula continuing , but with very significant changes to the hybrid and associated systems , many of which will be standardized , in an effort to reduce the costs involved . Teams will be allowed to buy and sell certain of their technologies , but the number of so-called listed parts will remain in place . It is expected that the sport will try to expand to have 12 teams , 24 cars .
Of course , there will be implications of all of this and the major push at the moment is towards putting in place a budget cap , which is expected to go before the F1 Strategy Group in the first week of November . This will propose a top limit of $ 150 million , reducing over time to $ 100 million . This will affect a number of the big teams , but will also make F1 much more attractive to other manufacturers . It will also mean that it will be a lot easier for teams to become profit centres and , as a result , their value will grow exponentially . We also expect Liberty to propose that all the teams get the same share of the revenues , allowing a small amount more for those who are more successful than others . What is likely to follow all of this , is the argument that teams no longer need as much of the revenues as previously and that the payments should be reduced , not to become the profit margin on the NASDAQ , but rather to be invested so that the sport can go where it wants to go , and not where it has to go . Thus , for example , if F1 wants to go a specific city and needs money to make that happen , this money could come from a new central fund created for that purpose . The goal , of course , would be to increase the revenues by building up the races .
There is a note in the green book about New York , one of the primary targets for a race . This notes that things may start happening more quickly once the mayoral elections are done on November 7 . Bill de Blasio , the current mayor , is expected to win a significant victory…
There is a lot going on in the TV world as well , with Liberty Media keen to get switched over to direct-to-consumer coverage as quickly as possible , rather than using TV companies ( effectively middle men ) to provide the money . The potential rewards of such a move have been highlighted by the recent successes of Netflix and other such “ over the top ” services . For the moment , the sport is still working with broadcasters , but it is beginning to become clear that they are going to be less interested to pay for the rights if they see the sport becoming a rival . This is why no deal was possible with NBC for 2018 and why F1 coverage is switching to ESPN/ABC . This deal is clearly only a stop-gap solution and from what I hear ESPN/ABC will simply take Sky F1 's coverage . A similar deal has just been done in radio , with Liberty-owned Sirius XM internet radio having done an F1 deal to broadcast races live , using commentary provided by the BBC 's 5 Live . Liberty is expected to put together its own content and commentary teams for the planned streaming services .
Another note in the book suggests that we are about to get some surprises in Formula 2 , with McLaren 's rising star Lando Norris tipped to be joining Carlin , which is not currently involved in the series . This means that the Prema Racing drives in F2 , or at least one of them , is still available…
By Cordovan
Community Spotlights
Lina Willowwood previews the new emote animations coming in Update 20 ! Click here to watch them .
Ravalation delves into recent housing changes with pics and tips ! Click here to read more .
Herr der Ringe Online Community is a German language Facebook page run by LOTRO fans for LOTRO fans ! Click here to give them a Like .
Thaliruth has run the Reiter-von-Rohan.com online community since 2010 . He also offers a newsletter via Whatsapp and Telegram ! Click here to check out the web site .
To nominate something for a Community Spotlight , email contact @ standingstonegames.com
Events
Celebrate Linnad am-Meleth with Lindamar on Laurelin ! Click here to learn more about this March 11th event .
A Day On The Greenfields is a multi-genre music celebration hosted by Les Beaux Chapeaux on Landroval on March 18th ! Find it at the field north of Brokenborings from 11:00am to 10:00pm Eastern .
The Kinship Riders of Middle-earth host a Player versus Monster Player on the Brandywine server every Friday at 8:00pm-11:00pm Eastern and every Saturday from 8:00am-2:00pm Eastern ! The Kin would love to get LOTRO players interested in PvMP , and is willing to help .
Kin Hall
The Kinship of Durin 's Folk on Laurelin have been around for almost seven years ! This role-play-focused guild offers lessons in Dwarvish , has an active forum , and schedules numerous activities . Includes the all-dwarf band The Rolling Kegs ! Click here to find out more about them .
Email contact @ standingstonegames.com with the subject line `` KIN HALL '' to get your Kin featured
What is the name of the best Elvish musical group in Middle-earth ?
Fansite News
Andang travels to the Black Gate in an Update 20 Preview ! Click here to watch it .
LOTRO Players News has the latest happenings in the game in Episode 192 . Click here to watch or listen .
Light the Beacons has a Top 10 and more in Episode 62 . Click here to hear it !
The Moose Lodge Book Club continues to travel through the literature and lore of both the books and LOTRO ! Click here to see an episode .
Renaissance Gaming continues to travel through Middle-earth . Click here to watch the journey in Angmar !
Syp travels through picturesque countrysides and lives to write about it ! Click here to read them .
Tom Kalmar brings a movie scene to life through LOTRO ! Click here to see `` Concerning Hobbits '' .
Let 's Talk Shop !
Update 20 on our Bullroarer preview server . We are previewingpreview server . Click here to read our first pass on the Release Notes , and stay tuned for further previews !
Steed of the Eldar ! Click here to learn how to get this special VIP Gift before March 13th ! Time is running out to get yourto learn how to get this special VIP Gift before March 13th !
Cordovan continues his way through the Epic Story in +Cord of the Rings . Join us on Twitch every Thursday starting at Noon Eastern ! continues his way through the Epic Story in +Cord of the Rings . Join us on Twitch every Thursday starting at Noon Eastern ! Click here for the latest video .
Events Calendar to find out what bonuses will be happening in the coming weeks . Check out ourto find out what bonuses will be happening in the coming weeks . Click here to read it .
Screenshot of the Week !
Meorrn of the Vales on Twitter arrives at the Eaves of Fanghorn in this week 's screenshot ! Click here to follow Meorrn on Twitter .
In the News !
Unit customization is not a natural fit for a strategy game , particularly not a 4X game where research and economic infrastructure are the chief drivers of military progress .
We do n't even know where to start .
Armor bone is connected to the hip bone , flak cannon is connected to the shoulder bone ...
Customize all you want , but your battleship should still be a heavily armored slugger , and your cruisers should unleash a torrent of gunfire .
Fodder fodder everywhere .
Insanity in the winning Chino Hills @ 7eleven . Everyone poses for pics w/clerk who sold the ticket . Story at 11pm pic.twitter.com/aij43EoRH9 — Leanne Suter ( @ abc7leanne ) January 14 , 2016
Revelers celebrate at 7-Eleven where $ 1.5 billion Powerball jackpot winning ticket sold https : //t.co/lGimxMqT72 https : //t.co/KJOXwJAU5O — ABC7 Eyewitness News ( @ ABC7 ) January 14 , 2016
A winning ticket for the $ 1.5 billion Powerball jackpot was sold in Chino Hills , California lottery officials said.Lottery officials told ABC7 the record-breaking ticket was sold at the 7-Eleven located at 4092 Chino Hills Pkwy . The store will get a $ 1 million bonus for selling the ticket.People swarmed the store late Wednesday evening following the announcement that a winning jackpot ticket was sold there.Officials with the California Lottery confirmed to ABC News two other winners of the Powerball jackpot were reported in Florida and Tennessee.California also had 12 tickets match five of the six numbers in Wednesday 's drawing.Lottery officials said the 12 cities in California that sold tickets matching five of the six numbers were Nipton , Chula Vista , Santa Rosa , Santa Cruz , Santa Monica , Tustin , Pacoima , Vacaville , Cloverdale , Redlands , Gardena and Irwindale.The final total for the jackpot was $ 1,586,400,000 with a cash value of $ 983,500,000 , according to the Texas Lottery.The previous Powerball jackpot record was $ 590.5 million sold in Florida back on May 18 , 2013.Lottery prizes are exempt from California state and local personal income taxes due to the California State Lottery Act of 1984.However , the Internal Revenue Service requires the California Lottery to withhold federal taxes from prizes.Powerball is a multistate game played in 44 states , plus the District of Columbia , Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands . The odds of winning are one in 292.2 million.The winning numbers drawn were 4 , 8 , 19 , 27 , 34 and the Powerball was 10 .
3 Daughters Brewing
The Tampa Bay craft beer boom moves into an expansive new phase in coming months with the opening of at least seven breweries — four in downtown St. Petersburg alone , including a major new project by the co-owner of Bella Brava .
The next six months or so will further solidify Tampa Bay , already home to 16 breweries , as the craft beer center of Florida . How long this boom rolls on is hard to say , but new brewers and veterans see plenty of room for growth — if the quality remains high . In the end , it 's all about the beer . Here are some of the upcoming breweries and their slated opening dates .
Cycle Brewing ( 534 Central Ave. , St. Petersburg , 727-328-2720 ) Doug Dozark , who gave the world Florida Weisse and Rare D.O.S . at Peg 's Cantina in Gulfport , opens downtown St. Pete 's first brewery with limited local draft distribution , flavorful session beers , and a 3.5-barrel brewhouse .
Expected opening : Opened August 15 .
Green Bench Brewing ( 1124 First Ave. N , St. Petersburg , 727-214-4863 , GreenBenchBrewing.com ) A 15-barrel brewhouse , tasting room , and outdoor beer garden starts with local draft distribution initially . Head brewer Khris Johnson has been working with Tampa Bay 's top Brewers .
Expected opening : Mid-September .
Pair O ' Dice Brewing ( 4400 118th Ave. N , Suite 208 , Clearwater ) A suburban warehouse near Carillon with a 15-barrel system , a tasting room and plenty of space to expand . Owners Ken and Julia Rosenthal , inspired by Austin 's craft beer scene , moved back home to join the craft beer revolution in Paradise .
Expected opening : Late September .
3 Daughters Brewing ( 222 22nd St. S , St. Petersburg ) Bella Brava co-owner Mike Harting 's ambitious side project in the emerging Warehouse Arts District . A 30-barrel brewhouse , 2,000 sq.- ft. tasting room in an 18,000-sq.-ft. building . Head brewer Ty Weaver , Bella Brava 's chef , has been testing small-batch session ales at the restaurant .
Expected opening : Late November .
St. Petersburg Brewing Company ( 544 First Ave. N , St. Petersburg , 727-692-8809 ) Owners Tom and Michelle Williams have lined up financing and hired a head brewer after two years of contract brewing their St. Pete Orange Wheat and Pinellas Pale Ale in Maryland .
Expected opening : Fall .
Angry Chair Brewing ( 6401 N. Florida Ave. Tampa , 813- 892-1651 ) With their tasting room zoning secured , the 10-barrel Seminole Heights brewery with a tasting room in a long-vacant clock shop has built buzz at local beer fests with sours and dessert beers like German Chocolate Cake . Local draft distribution , then a canning line and a long-term goal to be “ the Cascade of the South , ” says head brewer Ben Romano .
Expected opening : Early January .
Coppertail Brewing
( 2601 E. Second Ave. , Tampa , coppertailbrewing.com ) Ybor City 's second brewery has big plans : a 50-barrel brew-house in a 35,000-sq.-ft. former Hellman 's mayonnaise factory across Adamo Drive from Ikea , with a 2,000-sq.-ft. tasting room and plans for local bottle distribution . The goal : “ Easy-drinking Florida beers with lots of character , ” says head brewer Casey Hughes .
Expected Opening : March .
Uber fires its drivers at will , with no clear policy and sometimes with no warning -- a move that could seriously undercut its claim that its drivers are independent contractors and not employees , lawyers say .
Sudden firings -- or in industry-speak , `` deactivations '' -- can leave drivers stranded without a source of income and no legal recourse to fight the termination . Uber does n't tell drivers upfront what will get them canned , just sends them warnings once they 're already in hot water .
Without a clear policy of what makes a fireable offense , drivers are left to piece it together by sharing their warnings and deactivation stories on forums . And some drivers say that Uber is exploiting the opaque policy to fire them for speaking out against the company while saying it 's for another reason -- or never giving a reason at all .
Richard Boese , a 30-year-old hotel worker in Boston , had been driving for UberX for a couple months when he hosted an `` Ask Me Anything '' on Reddit in August about driving for the car-service app . He said some nice things ( he likes the flexibility ! ) and some not-so-nice ( he said it 'll `` hire everyone '' ) . Boston.com wrote about the AMA , saying Boese `` ripped '' Uber .
Two weeks later , Uber fired him . Uber never responded to his emails asking why , and an Uber spokeswoman would n't tell FORBES either , citing its `` strict privacy policy . '' But Boese sees the timing as `` more than a coincidence . ''
And he 's not alone : Last week , a Dallas-area UberX driver 's many complaints on Twitter about fare cuts caught the eye of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick , who weighed in on the issue . When the driver was fired two days later , Uber told him it was mostly for `` requesting and canceling trips on your personal rider account , '' something he says he did n't do .
But the timing was suspicious -- and Uber had already chastised him about his Twitter use , said the driver , who did n't want to give his name to protect his day job . A month before , Uber had warned him to stop tweeting his customer-service concerns to Uber 's local Twitter accounts , which he said he did when he was ignored through the usual routes . The people manning the Twitter accounts did n't have the proper access to address his concerns , Uber said , so he had to stop .
`` Any more tweets of this nature will result in termination of partnership , '' a Dallas Uber manager wrote in the e-mail .
'Hateful Statements Regarding Uber '
Uber can deny that it fires drivers for criticizing the company . But it may have tipped its hand two weeks ago when it fired Chris Ortiz , an Albuquerque-area driver , for `` hateful statements regarding Uber on social media . '' After Ortiz posted about his canning , Uber quickly backpedaled , rehired him and called the move `` an error by the local team . ''
Of course , some driver deactivations make sense . Uber and Lyft have both said it 's their policy to fire drivers who are accused of assaulting or harassing drivers , and they both allude to cutting drivers with ratings below around a 4.5 or 4.6 , which can weed out bad drivers . But as my colleague Jeff Bercovici pointed out , the star ratings can be a wildly arbitrary specter that haunts worried drivers so much they will even beg riders not to give them anything below five stars for fear of losing their job .
And the more innocuous offenses that drivers have lost their jobs over are n't listed clearly anywhere . When I asked Uber 's spokeswoman for a deactivation policy , this vague manifesto was all she sent me . Lyft 's spokeswoman pointed to FAQ pages that mention ride acceptance rate and driver ratings as `` metrics to make sure everything runs smoothly . '' Uber 's partner agreement lists violations like not having insurance or losing your license . Nothing about how `` any more tweets of this nature '' could lose you your job -- but drivers still know it 's a danger .
`` If Uber does n't like something that you say about them , they are free to fire you and you 'll never even know what it was that caused your termination , '' said Harry Campbell , who runs a driver blog .
How Firing Someone Can Make Them An Employee
Uber holds the keys to drivers ' ability to work , and a lot of drivers assume this is just the way things are . But here 's the great irony : The more Uber fires its drivers , the less it has the right to , legally speaking .
`` The ability to fire at will is an important factor in showing a company 's workers are employees , not independent contractors , '' said Shannon Liss-Riordan , a Boston attorney who 's leading a class-action lawsuit against Uber . The suit alleges , among other things , that Uber 's drivers are misclassified as independent contractors instead of as employees , a setup that saves Uber huge amounts of money they would otherwise pay to driver benefits and car expenses . Lyft is facing a similar suit from a driver .
The independent contractor model , which is the backbone of almost every on-demand service startup , can help companies save huge amounts of money , from startups to $ 18 billion ones like Uber . Companies whose workforce is mostly independent contractors do n't have to pay for driver expenses , worker 's compensation , sick days , health insurance , or any of those `` pesky labor costs , '' Liss-Riordan said .
'Ca n't Have It Both Ways '
The courts will decide , with the Uber case and with the rest that will follow , whether these workers are truly independent contractors , a classification that depends on many factors , not just the ability to fire . And as of late , it 's not looking very promising for the employers .
A federal appeals court ruled in August that FedEx drivers are employees , not independent contractors , a decision that attorneys said could have serious implications for `` sharing economy '' -type companies that rely on that model . And a California Supreme Court ruling from June also said that newspaper carriers had been illegally misclassified as independent contractors .
The deciding factor ? The company 's ability to fire the workers . `` Perhaps the strongest evidence of the right to control is whether the hirer can discharge the worker without cause , '' the opinion said .
Labor attorneys believe that Uber and Lyft drivers are in the same boat . `` Drivers ' economics are 100 percent controlled by the company , there are consequences for not accepting fares , their work performance is monitored , and they can be terminated and deactivated at any time for any reason , '' said Beth Ross , the attorney who litigated the FedEx case . `` Those are the most important facts . ''
It 's unclear what Uber and Lyft 's firing policies would have to look like in order to comply with independent contractor requirements . And the companies should always have some control over who drives on their platform , especially when it comes to safety concerns . But when it comes to dealing with disgruntled or underperforming drivers , simply firing them -- especially without clear reasons why -- could land the companies in trouble in court in the next few years .
`` They really ca n't have it both ways , '' Liss-Riordan said . `` If they want to have that level of control , to sell a service to the public that is down to the detail what they 're selling , they ca n't do it doing using independent contractors . ''
About 40 Wisconsin whitetail deer farms wo n't have to upgrade their fencing under a rule approved by the Natural Resources Board on Wednesday . The rule applies to farms that opt out of the state 's Chronic Wasting Disease Herd Status Program .
The rule does n't lower deer fence standards , according to Todd Schaller , the DNR 's Chief Warden with the Bureau of Law Enforcement .
`` It provides a low risk alternative for a subset of whitetail deer farms , which is consistent with standards we 've had and maintained since 2001 and 2002 , '' he said .
Schaller said the owners ca n't move deer outside the farm unless the deer are dead , adding that herds on unmonitored farms are still tested when the animals are slaughtered or die .
Deer farms have enrolled in the program to DNR approval for a single fence . But , Whitetails of Wisconsin President Rick Vojtik said hobby deer farmers are struggling to meet new federal tagging and inventory rules .
Under the program , all whitetail deer must have two ID tags , typically by 12 months of age or when leaving the farm . In addition , a veterinarian must complete a physical inventory of all deer on the farm every three years .
`` On a bigger farm and a bigger ranch , you have handling facilities , '' Vojtik said . `` They range from $ 10,000 to $ 20,000 to set it up . So somebody raising a few animals , it 's really hard for them to meet up with that expectation . ''
But , conservation and tribal groups argue double-fencing is needed to protect the wild deer herd from CWD , including Mic Isham , chairman of the Great Lakes Indian Fish and Wildlife Commission .
`` Heck . Put triple fences up is what we 're saying , '' he said .
Isham said the state has also failed to consult with tribes on efforts to prevent the spread of CWD to the wild deer herd .
Conservation groups , including the Wisconsin Wildlife Federation , are asking the state to require double-fencing , annual fence inspections and other measures to prevent the spread of CWD .
If the rule had n't been adopted , the Wisconsin Department of Agriculture , Trade and Consumer Protection would have required those farms to have double-fencing . Otherwise , they would be in violation of state standards .
Natural Resource Board members said CWD is a complex issue with no simple fix . Board member Preston Cole said deer farms should consider themselves `` put on notice , '' adding that the state will use `` the full breadth of the law '' to protect the wild deer herd .
The DNR is currently updating its CWD management plan . DNR Deputy Secretary Kurt Thiede said they hoped to present a plan at the December board meeting . But , he said the agency would provide an updated timetable with input from various stakeholders in September .
Any day now , the Democratic National Committee is going to announce where it will hold its 2016 convention , and you 've probably heard that Philly is on the shortlist . There will be winners and losers in Philly whether or not the massive convention comes to town on July 25 , 2016 — and that date means it 'll be hot .
While the DNC picking our city would be a massive economic driver , anyone trying to get anywhere or anything will probably be met with long lines filled with thousands of sweaty Democrats . It 's basically going to suck for locals . Brace yourselves .
The winners and losers :
Winners
The local economy : The 2008 Democratic National Convention was held in Denver and generated $ 266 million in regional economic benefit to the city and county of Denver . Restaurants and hotels broke all-time records , and local small businesses reported lines out every door for days . The Convention brought about 50,000 people to Denver , including 6,000 delegates , 18,000 national and international media , and 26,000 dignitaries , delegate family members , and other guests .
Every hotel and restaurant in Philly : When the DNC was in Denver , it contracted with nearly 100 hotels in the area which provided more than 8,000 hotel rooms . Philadelphia has about 11,000 hotel rooms — obviously not enough to house 50,000 visitors . Hotel room prices will likely surge , and restaurants downtown will also be like CHA-CHING .
Anyone using AirBnb : Eight years ago , before AirBnb was even cool , someone in Denver rented out their apartment for $ 1,000 a night . Godspeed .
The city : Charlotte , N.C. , which hosted the convention in 2012 , brought in $ 4.5 million in local tax revenue alone because of the DNC . Philly could definitely use that influx of cash .
SEPTA : The transpo authority is undoubtedly going to be a major winner . By 2016 , the SEPTA Key electronic payment system will be here , making it easier for the thousands of convention attendees to get around . Safe to say the BSL from Center City to the Wells Fargo Center is going to be , uh , fun .
Center City parking garages : All of the people in all of their nice cars are * not * going to park on the street with us plebeians . Parking garage owners in Center City are going to be happy people .
Joe Sestak : This Democrat barely lost to Republican Senator Pat Toomey in 2010 , and political analysts say Toomey is in danger of losing his seat in 2016 . Sestak is rumored to be making another run for the state 's second Senate seat , and if the DNC comes to Philly , it 'll give the Democrat an important platform on which to garner support from a high-profile presidential candidate ( cough , Hilary . )
Ed Rendell : Rendell has helped raise $ 5 million so far ( with another $ 5M to come ) to dump into Philadelphia 's bid to bring the DNC here and has been one of the city 's major champions of the push since the city announced it 'd be bidding . Oh , and he 's also a former DNC chairman .
Michael Nutter : Nutter will be out of office by the time that the DNC comes to town , but if it chooses to come here , it 'll do wonders for the outgoing mayor 's legacy . It would mean that while Nutter was in office , he was able to secure major events like the Pope coming to Philly , the Forbes 30 Under 30 event ( twice ) and the DNC which would be the convention of all conventions .
Big Labor : There were a couple concerns made by unions that DNC would interfere with other conferences , but Big Labor is wayyyy in favor of bringing the DNC to Philly — it 'd give them an opportunity to show their engaged presence in the city .
Bob Brady : Philadelphia Congressman Bob Brady is basically in charge of the committee that 's tryna make this happen . One of his main focuses now is trying to make sure that mayoral candidates are all-in in terms of working to fundraise if the DNC picks Philly . So far , he says he 's been able to do that .
The Wells Fargo Center : Where else are we going to put 50,000 people ? Members of the DNC visited the site while they were checkin ' out Philly .
United States history : How cool would it be if delegates for the DNC stood in the very place in Independence Hall where delegates signed the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution ? Chris Matthews ( a Philadelphian ) talked on his show about how significant it would be to forego Columbus and New York :
Losers
Columbus and Brooklyn : LOL BYE swing state and Brooklyn .
Locals : Unless you 're a business owner or someone who stands to make money off of all these politicos invading our personal space , you 're going to lose here . For several days at the end of July , every restaurant , bar , beer garden , Wawa , coffee shop and transportation system is going to pack full of thousands of liberals and a bunch of journalists .
SEPTA bus drivers : Hopefully dealing with 50,000 guests in July of 2016 would be easy considering two million people are expected this fall for the Pope 's visit . But all the additional traffic in the area is pretty much going to blow . SEPTA , we 'll pray 4 u .
Trendy restaurants and tourist traps : The influx of liberals in the city will be good for the people trying to make the money , but if you want to make it to Spruce Street Harbor Park or pretty much anywhere in Old City while the convention 's here ? Forgeddaboutit .
Anyone trying to get a cab from Center City to South Philly : HAHAHAHA GOOD LUCK
Anyone trying to get an Uber or a Lyft : Can you say surge pricing ? Uber has been known to increase its prices eight- and nine-fold during major events . Lyft has made similar moves during what it calls “ Prime Time , ” and could charge between 25 and 200 percent more than its typical baseline price .
Pat Toomey : The Republican Senator is going to be sweating bullets if the DNC comes to Philly . Whoever is running against him ( prob Joe Sestak ) is going to get a nice push from some high-profile Dems just before the November election .
Republicans in Philadelphia : I mean , duh .
Big Labor : Yes , I know they were also a winner . They want to work with the Democratic party , which as traditionally been tied to unions , but any interunion disputes or labor conflicts during the convention could spell trouble and protests .
The Supreme Court of British Columbia has ordered Google to remove entire domains from its search results—a decision that could have enormous global implications on free expression . This is the latest of several instances of courts exercising dangerous jurisdictional overreach , where they have applied local laws to remove content on the Internet . Not only did the Court order Google to delete the site from its search results on the Canadian “ Google.ca ” domain , it went even further by demanding it censor the domain worldwide by deleting every instance of the site from its global index .
The case , titled Equustek Solutions Inc. v. Jack , involved a trade secret fight between two Canadian companies . One sued the other for allegedly stealing the designs of some of their products and selling them on their website . The plaintiff claimed that Google facilitated access to this illegitimate online vendor through its search platform . Initially , Google voluntarily took down specific URLs that directed users to those products and ads under the local Google.ca domains , but the Court decided that was not enough . The judge ultimately ruled that Google must delete the entire domain from its search results , including all other local domains such as “ Google.go.uk ” and even the main site “ Google.com ” .
Oddly , the judge in this case seemed unfazed by the wide-ranging implications of this order . Based upon the assumption that users would simply switch to other variants of the Google domain , she decided that for any blockage ruling “ to be effective , even within Canada , Google must block search results on all of its websites ” and that any other external impacts are a “ separate issue . ”
The decision is a massive overreach . The removal of the defendant 's entire domain from Google 's local Canadian sites would have already been excessive . Although it can not be confirmed from official reports , this one could have carried other legitimate products unrelated to the plaintiff 's designs , or even hosted a blog or discussion forum with other users ' comments and submissions . For example , the U.S. seized and took down the hip-hop culture website , Dajaz1.com , due to some allegedly copyright infringing works that was shared on the platform even while most of the site 's pages contained lawful content . It 's not clear whether such considerations were made at all , and that is terrifying on its own .
But the court went even further , ordering Google—a company based outside its jurisdiction in California—to censor the site worldwide . If left unchallenged , this could lead to a slippery slope of ever more countries feeling empowered to mandate global online censorship . If a Turkish court were to find that a certain protest site was illegal , would intermediary services like Google be forced to remove all references of the domain name from its site ? Or if Ethiopia mandated the deletion of all sites referring to imprisoned journalist , Eskinder Nega , would online platforms be forced to comply with that order ?
Those are only a few examples of how such a precedent could dangerously expand . If courts become empowered to demand intermediary platforms remove and take down domains worldwide , that could be the end of online free expression as we know it . And if history has taught us anything , authorities are very good at creatively constructing legitimacy to shut down speech . This case alone is evidence of that : the judge mentioned that she was inspired by the recent EU rulings on the “ right to be forgotten , ” and felt that forcing global removals was just a way to “ keep up with the times . ”
We can imagine how problematic this would be if it were applied to copyright infringement . There is already a history of cases in which government agencies have taken down entire domains over allegations of content piracy . The United States has been especially guilty of this . One of the most glaring cases involve Immigrations and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) , when it took down a Spanish sports streaming site , Rojadirecta . It is alarming that any government agency , anywhere in the world , would have the authority to unilaterally remove an entire website , especially when doing so may violate another country 's strong legal protections for the right to free expression . This kind of forceful takedown of domains is exactly the kind of sweeping censorship that what we fought against in the SOPA and PIPA bills defeated over two years ago . No matter what the charges are , there is no reasonable justification for intermediaries to block an entire website over content that only some of the pages contain .
Thankfully , Google has indicated that it intends to appeal the decision to prevent this from becoming a dangerous new precedent . It is as important as ever that intermediaries , such as search engines , Internet service providers , and domain name registrars , be protected as neutral platforms . They are often attractive targets for those who want those services to help them remedy alleged wrongdoing . But dragging intermediaries into court as implicit facilitators of unlawful activity creates a wide range of negative , unintended consequences for the Internet . Just because a party has been wronged does not mean that they are entitled to any and all remedies . Going after intermediaries is an easy shortcut , but one with too many costly ramifications .
Thanks to Tamir Israel of CIPPIC.ca for providing excellent analysis in preparing this post .
Are you busy fighting for your rights to freedom of speech , free expression or religious practices ? Do you try protecting your liberties against encroachment by others ? While struggling with these seemingly bigger issues , you may tend to overlook the very basic rights needed in everyday living . These are things like waking up in the morning and going out for a walk , or getting off the bus in the evening and walking home . With less and less of it , walking seems to have become passé , gone with the ‘ shimmer ' of dancing headlights and the ‘ music ' of honking four wheels especially in cities . Is there is no argument in support of walking nowadays ? Who would like to walk on filthy roads or narrow pavements that call for an acrobat 's balancing skills to avoid crashing in front of moving vehicles ? Walking has truly become a nightmare . While most of us complain and curse the systems , there are some who actually raise a voice and try to change things , rather than accepting them the way they are . The Right to Walk Foundation , the brainchild of Ms. Kanthimathi Kannan , is one of them .
Urban Indian cities have failed to provide the right infrastructure for citizens to be able to walk freely . The Right To Walk foundation aims to address this problem .
Ms Kannan , a resident of the city of Hyderabad , moved by the sight of pedestrians of the city walking either on the road , at the risk of being run-over by vehicles or on garbage-filled pavements or on pavements that doubled up as public urinals , decided to start a campaign to goad the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation ( GHMC ) and the Police to take up the matter of pedestrian problems seriously and to do something to improve the condition of pavements around the city and make them pedestrian-friendly . The movement started by identifying the most common problems faced by pedestrians . Kannan felt that the failure to provide the common man with a wide enough footpath , free of encroachments , stench and garbage to walk on was the major challenge at hand .
For a bigger cause
In early 2007 , she quit her job and decided to work on this movement fulltime . Kannan explains , “ The idea of quitting my work was not very sudden and it was very well thought through . After about 20 years outside the city of Hyderabad , when I got back to my city in 2002 I found that it was very difficult to walk . I tried complaining to the Municipal Corporation in January 2005 on a call centre line . The call centre line only registered the complaints but did not do any follow up and to my dismay there was no change in the area that I had described in my compliant . Later I petitioned the municipal authorities with a written complaint twice but with work piling up it was not possible to devote more time to the issue . The thought of quitting my job and doing this on a full time basis occurred to me around the early part of 2007 . As a student , I used to walk from my home to Mehdipatnam and take a bus to my college but I found that to my utter shock that young college girls from my locality use an auto to go and are picked up by an auto for coming back too . This and other similar instances compelled me to rethink about the issue and devote myself to a full time activist role . ”
Neglected concerns
The right to walk should come as naturally to humans as the right to breathe or live . Yet , most of us often forget and take for granted the problems we face as pedestrians . What made Kannan notice these ? She adds , “ This critical issue has been neglected and even now continues to be neglected and has not found centre stage in the civic issues . Probably the very fact that car ownership implies ‘ bade log ' might also have contributed to making walking a neglected issue . Whenever we interview people struggling to cross the road , we have found that they feel that they need to struggle because they are poor and do not have a vehicle . In the words of an officer – All of us look at walking as a start to life and try to graduate into a motorbike and later to a car and never look back at the need to walk . ”
Making an impact
While the nascent steps have been taken , a movement like this takes a long while before sconsiderable impact can be made . While the foundation has been able to make the authorities understand the issue , as of now it has been unable to get them to take action . The founder explains , “ We have been successful in filing the Human Rights petition and getting the commission to acknowledge that obstacles for walking are a Human Right violation . We have a long way to go and as I often describe it , we have a marathon to run and we have probably run the first meter . ”
Support the Right to Walk Foundation cover the rest of the miles in the following ways :
Create awareness particularly in schools and colleges
Get the attention of the national media and discuss this as an issue like Right to education
Colleges can take it up as a project especially working on their website
Legal expertise for Making Walking as a Fundamental Right
For more , visit www [ dot ] right2walk [ dot ] com ( Update : Removed the hyperlink to this site after a few readers complained of the link not working correctly ) .
Japanese indie developer EasyGameStation is partnering with publisher Rockin ' Android , and they 're bringing their cutesy action/platforming game Tokkyu Tenshi to Steam .
The game will be localized under the English moniker Angel Express , and you can vote for it currently on Steam Greenlight .
Featured above , you can view a brief overview trailer for the game . There are multiple game modes , including story mode , online multiplayer ( with up to four players ) , and a level editor .
Players will step into the shoes of a girl named Rapid , and highly appropriate job is to deliver mail as quickly as possible . As you journey through environments , you can boost run , double jump , and even jump on enemies ' heads .
The publisher is also looking into new features in the game 's English release , which they 're hoping to implement with developer EasyGameStation .
“ He was not using the gas on his own people in the same way that Assad is doing , '' Spicer said , drawing immediate backlash and calls from the Anne Frank Center and Barbra Streisand that he be fired .
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer apologized late Tuesday afternoon for comments he made about Adolf Hitler and the Holocaust earlier in the day during a press corps briefing .
`` I mistakenly used an inappropriate , insensitive reference to the Holocaust for which there is no comparison , '' Spicer told CNN .
Spicer faced instant backlash on Tuesday when he told the press corps Hitler did not use chemical weapons .
Spicer made the comment about the World War II Nazi leader while talking about Syria President Bashar al-Assad , whose regime recently used chemical weapons on those within his country .
White House reporters , no doubt seeing that Spicer was trending within moments of making the statement , asked if he wanted to clarify what he meant .
Sean Spicer : I mistakenly used an inappropriate and insensitive reference to the Holocaust , there is no comparison https : //t.co/6SwTJwLWJw — CNN ( @ CNN ) April 11 , 2017
“ He was not using the gas on his own people in the same way that Assad is doing , ” he replied , muddling the issue further .
Not long after the presser , Spicer released yet another clarification on his previous statements .
`` In no way was I trying to lessen the horrendous nature of the Holocaust , however , I was trying to draw a contrast of the tactic of using airplanes to drop chemical weapons on innocent people , '' he said in a statement shared through reporters .
The Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect called for Spicer 's immediate termination .
`` Spicer 's statement is the most evil slur upon a group of people we have ever heard from a White House press secretary , '' said Steven Goldstein , executive director for the Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect .
Chelsea Clinton , daughter of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton , wrote on Twitter : `` I hope @ PressSec takes time to visit @ HolocaustMuseum . It 's a few blocks away . ''
Barbra Streisand also blasted Spicer for the comment .
`` Sean Spicer should be fired for saying Hitler did not use chemical weapons on `` his own people. ” You mean 6 million Jews do n't count ? , '' Streisand tweeted .
Some politicians joined the chorus , saying Spicer crossed a line .
“ Sean Spicer must be fired , and the President must immediately disavow his spokesman 's statements , '' House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement . `` Either he is speaking for the President , or the President should have known better than to hire him . ”
A manuscript of an early work by John Donne , a scurrilous academic joke that could have cost the poet his reputation – and maybe his head – if it had fallen into the wrong hands , has been discovered in a trunk in the archives of Westminster Abbey .
The manuscript may be the earliest surviving copy of what is ostensibly a library catalogue in Latin : the numbered book titles are all invented , and Donne 's list is in fact a string of savage and frequently smutty jokes , many about named contemporary figures .
Book 21 is supposedly The Judges ' Handbook , “ containing the many confessions of poisoners given to Justice Manwood , and used by him afterwards in wiping his buttocks , and in examining his evacuations ” .
Daniel Starza Smith , of King 's College London , an expert on Donne who has examined the manuscript , said there really was a Justice Manwood , who might well not have appreciated the joke .
Matthew Payne , who holds the historic title of keeper of the muniments at the abbey , found the manuscript after rationing himself to one afternoon a week examining the contents of the tin trunk . Among thousands of tattered fragments , many nibbled centuries ago by mice , he found one complete document : the blackened outer pages have neither title , author , nor any clue how and when they came into the abbey .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The manuscript was discovered in a tin trunk full of uncatalogued scraps . Photograph : Alecsandra Raluca Dragoi for the Guardian
Payne could read the Latin , but identified the contents by transcribing a few lines into Google . “ It may not sound very scholarly , but it can often be by far the quickest way of identifying text . Within a few minutes answers were coming in from all over the world , all giving the same source : John Donne 's Catalogus Librorum Satiricus , also known as the Courtier 's Library . ”
Donne , best known for metaphysical and deeply erotic poems , is believed to have written and privately circulated the piece – the manuscript is not in his handwriting – in the febrile years leading up to the gunpowder plot , when his own situation was precarious .
He was born into a Roman Catholic family , but eventually became an Anglican cleric and finally dean of St Paul 's . At the time of the catalogue he was viciously satirising the pretentious wealthy whose ranks he had no hope of joining . He had lost his job as secretary to the powerful Sir Thomas Egerton , lord keeper of the great seal , by defying him to marry his niece Anne . Briefly jailed – he announced the news to his wife , pregnant with the first of their 12 children , as “ John Donne , Anne Donne , Un-done ” – he was then scraping a living as a lawyer .
Payne and Starza Smith will publish an essay on the find in a forthcoming issue of the Review of English Studies . Starza Smith said the catalogue , which was n't published until long after Donne 's death in 1631 , was the least studied of all his writings .
Donne 's introduction comments bitterly : “ We are cast by chance into an age in which nothing is worse than to be openly ignorant , nothing more rare than to be fully learned . ”
He urges those anxious to flash their scholarship to seek out books “ difficult for others to locate ” . With his helpful catalogue , his readers would be enabled “ suddenly to spring forth on almost all topics ” .
Some of the jokes remain puzzles , but others are blindingly obvious : number 25 deals with Ars Spiritualis Inescandi Mulieres , The Spiritual Art of Enticing Women . Number 23 , On the Nothingness of a Fart , was presumably to be shelved near Book 10 dealing with an important area of biblical scholarship , “ Concerning the method of emptying the dung from Noah 's Ark ” .
“ You 'll notice there is a scatological thread here too – all serious satire should have a good fart joke or two , ” Starza Smith said .
The manuscript will go on display , free , for one week from 13 November in St Margaret 's Church next door to Westminster Abbey .
At first it seemed like the usual , deviously clever attack . Several killer whales were trying to catch a Weddell seal that had taken refuge atop a drifting patch of Antarctic ice . The orcas swam alongside each other , creating a wave that knocked the hapless pinniped into the water . Death seemed certain .
Then something amazing happened : A pair of humpback whales turned up . As the panicked seal swam toward them , a lucky wave tossed it onto the chest of the closer , upturned whale . The whale arched its chest out of the water , which kept the seal away from the charging killer whales . And when the seal started to fall off , the whale carefully pushed it back onto its chest with a flipper . Soon after that , the seal scrambled to safety on another ice floe .
“ I was shocked , ” recalls marine ecologist Robert Pitman , who witnessed the episode in 2009 and described it and another example in Natural History magazine that year . “ It looked like they were trying to protect the seal . ”
Humpback whales will vigorously defend their own calves when attacked by killer whales , of course . But after analyzing other encounters between the two species , Pitman and his colleagues conclude that humpback whales will also launch preemptive attacks on their predators . Sometimes the intent seemed to be protecting another whale 's calf . But more often , like with the Weddell seal , the humpbacks for some reason helped a different species .
When prey gang up and harass a predator , it 's known as mobbing . A flock of crows , for example , can drive away a hawk by repeatedly dive-bombing . The behavior is also known among fishes , insects , and terrestrial mammals , but it had n't been studied in marine mammals . Because of their large size , humpback whales do n't have to worry about many predators . Killer whales are the only species known to attack , and they target small calves . The mothers will try to scare them off with thunderous bellows . If that fails , they defend their young by smacking their massive tails or swinging their 5-meter-long , barnacle-encrusted fins .
To find out whether the seal rescue in Antarctica was unusual behavior for humpbacks , Pitman , who works for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's ( NOAA 's ) Southwest Fisheries Science Center in San Diego , California , posted a request for information on a marine mammal listserv . He received 115 descriptions of encounters , many from commercial whale-watching trips , which sometimes included photos and videos . In 31 cases of mobbing , humpbacks approached killer whales that were already engaged in a fight . They would chase the killer whales , often bellow , and slap their fins and tails . “ The humpbacks were definitely on the offense , ” Pitman says . He and colleagues published their findings online this week in Marine Mammal Science .
Video of Humpback whales ' attempt to stop killer whale attack - Planet Earth Live - BBC One
The conclusions have convinced Phillip Clapham , a NOAA marine biologist in Seattle , Washington , who was not involved in the research . “ They make a very good case that it 's a proactive response to killer whales , ” he says . “ I think they 're absolutely right . ”
It 's not hard to imagine why humpbacks would rush to the rescue when another humpback whale is under attack . Because they migrate to and from the same breeding grounds where they were born , humpbacks are likely to encounter relatives . So a threatened calf might share some genes with a rescuer , making the apparently altruistic act of saving it somewhat self-interested .
But what about protecting other species ? This happened in nearly 90 % of attacks where the killer whales ' prey could be identified . “ It 's pretty mysterious , ” says Trevor Branch , a fisheries scientist at the University of Washington , Seattle , who has studied populations of large whales . “ We tend to think of altruism as being reciprocal , but there 's no way these other species would come back and help the humpback whales . ”
Pitman suspects that it is inadvertent altruism . The humpbacks might simply rush to the scene of a fight whenever they hear killer whales fighting . “ I think they just have a simple rule , ” Pitman says . “ When you hear a killer whale attack , go break it up. ” Clapham adds that the confrontations may teach the killer whales a lesson , making them think twice about messing with humpbacks .
CTVNews.ca Staff
A southern Ontario volunteer group is raising awareness about the dangers of leaving pets inside hot cars .
Pet Patrol , a not-for-profit group based in Windsor , Ont. , drives through city parking lots looking for distressed animals .
Founder Rose Owens says the relatively new group has already found nearly 70 pets left in vehicles .
In a demonstration at an event on Saturday , Owens donned a mink coat and sat in a parked vehicle .
After only 15 minutes , Owens ' thermometer showed a temperature of 54 C .
“ Your pet has a fur coat on , we have skin , ” said Owens . “ The temperature just doubles for them . ”
“ You 're not going to leave your child in the car , ” Owens added . “ Do n't leave your pet in the car . ”
Earlier this week , local resident Madisen Gingras posted photos on social media that showed a dog left in a hot car for more than 30 minutes . According to Gingras , she could hear the dog crying from the one window that was only partially open .
It is illegal in Ontario to leave an animal in a parked vehicle in a way that endangers the health or safety of the animal .
Windsor Police say they encourage people to keep an eye out for distressed animals and to call police if they see one .
With a report from CTV Windsor
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Gay marriage supporters on Monday asked the U.S. Supreme Court not to block a court ruling that would allow same-sex couples to wed in Virginia .
Demonstrators in support of same-sex marriage gather in anticipation of two high-profile rulings regarding same-sex marriage at the US Supreme Court in Washington June 26 , 2013 . REUTERS/James Lawler Duggan
Lawyers for gay and lesbian couples who want to get married urged U.S. Chief Justice John Roberts not to grant an emergency stay application filed by a Republican elected official in Northern Virginia .
Prince William County Clerk of the Court Michele McQuigg on Thursday asked the Supreme Court to put on hold an appeals court ruling that struck down the state 's ban on gay marriage .
The lawyers for the gay and lesbian couples said McQuigg could not show there is a high probability that the justices would reverse the lower court , meaning there is no need for Roberts to prevent it from immediately going into effect .
The appeals court 's ruling “ directly implicates the rights of tens of thousands of gay and lesbian Virginians whose fundamental right to marry has been denied by the Commonwealth of Virginia , ” wrote lawyers for one of the two groups of gay and lesbian plaintiffs .
Separately , Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring , a Democrat , said in a court filing that he would support delaying gay marriage in the state because he would prefer the Supreme Court to immediately decide the issue once and for all . Herring backs gay marriage .
The 4th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond , Virginia , invalidated the ban in a ruling issued on July 28 . The court said on Thursday that the ruling would go into effect on Aug. 21 if the Supreme Court does not intervene .
Roberts , who has the responsibility of handling emergency applications from the Richmond-based appeals court , can either act on the application himself or refer the matter to the Supreme Court as a whole .
In a case concerning a similar ruling in Utah that struck down the ban in that state , the Supreme Court ultimately blocked the ruling pending further appeals .
The Supreme Court is expected to take at least one gay marriage case in the coming term , which begins in October and ends in June .
Since the June 2013 ruling in the case United States v. Windsor striking down a federal law defining marriage as between one man and one woman , nearly 30 federal and state courts have ruled against same-sex marriage bans at the state level .
Nineteen of the 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia allow same-sex marriage .
hello
A Schaumburg man is suing the village and two of three police officers arrested on drug conspiracy charges last month , alleging they conspired to illegally search his property and stole more than $ 2,000 from his grandmother 's home .
Kelley Altom is seeking undisclosed compensatory and punitive damages in the federal lawsuit stemming from his 2011 arrest by former Schaumburg officers Matthew Hudak and Terrance O'Brien , as well as other unnamed officers . The suit was filed Feb. 8 in U.S. District Court in Chicago .
Altom was charged with production and intent to deliver cannabis as a result of a February 2011 raid of his home , but Cook County circuit court Judge Thomas Fecarotta ruled five months later that police had no probable cause for the search . The charges were subsequently dropped by prosecutors .
Altom 's lawsuit alleges that he was shoved to the ground by Hudak and O'Brien during his arrest , and that they pointed their guns at his head even though he posed no threat .
The suit also alleges Hudak lied by reporting Altom told officers he lived in his grandmother 's Hoffman Estates home . Police then searched the Hoffman Estates residence , where , the suit alleges , the officers seized $ 5,000 cash but officially inventoried only $ 2,820 .
`` The remaining $ 2,180 was seized and converted by the defendant-officers , '' the lawsuit states .
The suit argues that Altom was a victim of a pattern of behavior by Hudak and O'Brien in which they allegedly entered people 's homes illegally to steal narcotics and money , and physically abused and intimidated their victims .
Hudak and O'Brien , along with fellow former officer John Cichy , were arrested in January on multiple drug conspiracy charges alleging they stole drugs seized by police and worked with an informant to resell them . The arrests came after a U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency investigation in which , authorities said , they captured some of the officers ' actions on audio and video recordings .
Several of the former officers ' more recent cases already have been dropped by the Cook County state 's attorney 's office as a result of the accusations .
Hudak , O'Brien and Cichy subsequently resigned , though an internal investigation by the village continues in tandem with the ongoing criminal prosecution .
Schaumburg Village Manager Ken Fritz said the village had not yet received a copy of the lawsuit and could not comment .
Altom 's , Hudak 's and O'Brien 's attorneys could not be immediately reached for comment Tuesday .
SALT LAKE CITY -- The Utah Jazz signed a 5-year-old boy with leukemia to a one-day contract for a special scrimmage on Monday night .
JP Gibson , who was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia , signed his contract with Jazz President Randy Rigby before joining the team in uniform for the annual preseason intrasquad scrimmage at EnergySolutions Arena .
JP was joined by his parents , Josh and Megan , and his 2-year-old sister , Elsie . The family was hosted by the Jazz and photographer Jon Diaz 's `` Anything Can Be '' project that creates storybooks for children with cancer about their dreams and wishes .
JP , wearing a No . 1 jersey , even got to play in the scrimmage . He was passed the ball and dribbled into the lane , where 7-foot-1 center Rudy Gobert lifted him up so he could dunk and slap hands with some players as fans roared .
`` It was a pretty cool moment for Gibson and the Jazz , '' writes CBSSports.com 's Zach Harper . `` Gibson is only 36,372 points away from tying Karl Malone for the franchise scoring record . ''
In what they call a “ weird little corner ” of the already weird world of neutrinos , physicists have found evidence that these tiny particles might be involved in a surprising reaction .
Neutrinos are famous for almost never interacting . As an example , ten trillion neutrinos pass through your hand every second , and fewer than one actually interacts with any of the atoms that make up your hand . However , when neutrinos do interact with another particle , it happens at very close distances and involves a high-momentum transfer .
And yet a new paper , published in Physical Review Letters this week , shows that neutrinos sometimes can also interact with a nucleus but leave it basically untouched – inflicting no more than a “ glancing blow ” – resulting in a particle being created out of a vacuum .
Professor Kevin McFarland is a scientific co-spokesperson with the international MINERvA collaboration , which carries out neutrino scattering experiments at Fermilab . McFarland , who also heads up the Rochester team that was primarily responsible for the analysis of the results , compares neutrino interactions to the firing of a bullet at a bubble , only to find the bubble was left intact .
“ The bubble – a carbon nucleus in the experiment – deflects the neutrino ‘ bullet ' by creating a particle from the vacuum , ” McFarland explains . “ This effectively shields the bubble from getting blasted apart and instead the bullet only delivers a gentle bump to the bubble . ”
Producing an entirely new particle – in this case a charged pion – requires much more energy than it would take to blast the nucleus apart – which is why the physicists are always surprised that the reaction happens as often as it does . McFarland adds that even painstakingly detailed theoretical calculations for this reaction “ have been all over the map . ”
“ The production of pions from this reaction had not been observed consistently in other experiments , ” McFarland said . By using a new technique , they were able to measure how much momentum and energy were transferred to the carbon nucleus – showing that it remained undisturbed – and the distribution of the pions that were created .
“ After analyzing the results , we now have overwhelming evidence for the process , ” McFarland says .
The two members of the collaboration who were primarily responsible for analyzing the results were Aaron Higuera , at the time a postdoc at Rochester and now at the University of Houston , and Aaron Mislivec , one of McFarland 's doctoral students .
Working with Higuera , Mislivec wrote the computer code that allowed them to sift through the results and get a picture of the reaction . “ Our detector gave us access to the full information of exactly what was happening in this reaction , ” Mislivec explains . “ Our data was consistent with the unique fingerprint of this reaction and determined how these interactions happen and how often. ” The key to identifying the reaction was finding undisturbed carbon nuclei and then studying the two resulting particles – the pion , which is responsible for shielding the nucleus , and the muon .
Understanding this reaction , McFarland states , “ is not going to make a better mousetrap , but it is exciting to learn that this weird reaction really does take place . ”
Researchers in the MINERvA collaboration measure low energy neutrino interactions both to support neutrino oscillation experiments and study the strong dynamics of the nucleon and nucleus that affect the interactions .
The work is funded by the Department of Energy , the National Science Foundation , and partnering scientific agencies in Brazil , Chile , Mexico , Switzerland , Peru and Russia .
Category : Science & Technology
In the decades after WWII , anthropologists carried out ethnographic field research in the Middle East inspired by a scientific spirit to discover the cultures of the region and their dynamics . Among those who produced sound , grounded research were Fredrik Barth on the Basseri nomads , William Irons on the Yomut Turkmen , Lois Beck on the Qashqa ' i confederation , William Lancaster on the Rwala Bedouin , and A. S. Bujra on Yemen . I had the privilege of carrying out field research among the Baluchi tribes of Iran .
However , anthropologists , including those studying the Middle East , gradually moved away from a scientific perspective toward a more subjective and politicized view . They were influenced in part by Edward Said , who in Orientalism ( 1978 ) argued that Western accounts of the Middle East were fabrications invented to justify imperialist invasion , colonial imposition , and oppression of local peoples . This “ postcolonial ” view blames Western imperialism for myriad problems worldwide , a view which neglects the cultures and agency of people around the globe .
This intellectual revolution has infected anthropology ( among many fields ) with a dangerous , self-contradictory nihilism that rejects the possibility of objective Truth toward which we may move and posits many different truths held by different peoples — all equally valid . Yet they behave as if their belief in many truths must be treated as The Truth that must not be questioned .
Anthropologists insist on the relativity of knowledge , except when it comes to their own statements , which they take to be The Absolute Truth .
One should not , however , expect anthropologists who believe in “ many truths ” to encourage a diversity of opinion within their university departments . Intellectual homogeneity is enforced , with Marxism , postcolonialism , and radical feminism the principal approved paths to enlightenment . Classical liberal beliefs in markets , liberty , and individual rights are verboten .
So , today , is the once-regnant faith in science itself rejected as the best way of uncovering the truth about anthropologists ' subjects . Witchcraft , oracles , ancient religious systems , voodoo , and just about any pseudo-science that denies the validity of Western systems of thought are championed as equally valid paths to knowledge in fields from botany to medicine . Of course , anthropologists still employ the latest products of scientific research and live as affluent Westerners , but they do not claim that the way they live conforms to their beliefs .
This abandonment of objective methodologies underscores anthropologists ' belief that their discipline is not the science of humankind as upheld by its original practitioners , but a subjective , political commitment to a “ praxis ” that will liberate the world 's oppressed . The result is deplorably partisan , faux “ anthropological ” accounts by notoriously partisan writers , such as Palestine , Israel , and the Politics of Popular Culture , edited by Rebecca L. Stein and Ted Swedenburg , and Nakba : Palestine , 1948 , and the Claims of Memory , by Ahmad H. Sa'di and Lila Abu-Lughod . Yet past and current “ praxis ” in such places as the USSR , Eastern Europe , the People 's Republic of China , North Korea , Cambodia , and Cuba , and its consequences for the people concerned , holds little interest to anthropologists .
The same moral and intellectual incoherence underlies anthropologists ' insistence that they do not study culture and cultures since these are invalid concepts from a bygone age . Rather , anthropology 's mission is the study of victims and their oppressors . Among the many “ victims , ” Palestinians are awarded pride of place , their century of violence against Jews and their public commitment to refuse any compromise or cooperation with others notwithstanding . Israeli Jews , on the other hand , are often characterized by anthropologists , using “ postcolonial ” Leninist terminology , as “ settler colonialists ” even though Jews are the indigenous population of Israel , including Judea and Samaria ( the so-called West Bank ) , are agents of no metropolitan home country , and originate as much from the Middle East , Asia , Africa , and Russia as from Europe and North America .
Such is the inevitable result of contemporary anthropology , which has jettisoned the objective , scientifically-grounded study of humankind 's cultures in favor of advocating for selected “ victims ” of supposed Western perfidy . The outcome of this abandonment of the search for Truth is not a plethora of “ truths , ” but a regnant false Truth that reduces scholarship to advocacy and demands blind adherence to approved yet false narratives . If anthropologists hope to restore the integrity of their field , they must abandon their intellectually flaccid , morally corrupt habits and readopt the scientific objectivity toward their subjects that marked their discipline from its inception .
Philip Carl Salzman is a professor of anthropology at McGill University and a fellow at the Middle East Forum . This essay was sponsored by Campus Watch , a project of the Middle East Forum .
Why you 'll never make a belieber out of a chimp : Researchers reveal chimpanzees go ape for Indian and African music - but prefer silence to western pop
Research is the first to discover primates have a preference for music
Researchers say results show 'shared evolutionary root '
Chimpanzees like to listen to music - but have very specific tastes , researchers have found .
While preferring silence to music from the West , chimpanzees like to listen to the different rhythms of music from Africa and India , researchers found .
The research is the first to discover primates have a preference for music , according to the American Psychological Association , which published the study .
Chimpanzees like to listen to the different rhythms of music from Africa and India , researchers found
HOW THEY DID IT
Sixteen adult chimps in two groups participated in the experiment at the Yerkes National Primate Research Center at Emory University .
Over 12 consecutive days for 40 minutes each morning , the groups were given the opportunity to listen to African , Indian or Japanese music playing on a portable stereo near their outdoor enclosure .
Another portable stereo not playing any music was located at a different spot near the enclosure to rule out behavior that might be associated with an object rather than the music .
The different types of music were at the same volume but played in random order .
Each day , researchers observed the chimps and recorded their location every two minutes with handwritten notes .
The researchers admit they made the discovery by mistake , said study coauthor Frans de Waal , PhD , of Emory University .
'Our objective was not to find a preference for different cultures ' music , ' she said .
'We used cultural music from Africa , India and Japan to pinpoint specific acoustic properties .
'Past research has focused only on Western music and has not addressed the very different acoustic features of non-Western music .
While nonhuman primates have previously indicated a preference among music choices , they have consistently chosen silence over the types of music previously tested .
Previous research has found that some nonhuman primates prefer slower tempos , but the current findings may be the first to show that they display a preference for particular rhythmic patterns , according to the study .
'Although Western music , such as pop , blues and classical , sound different to the casual listener , they all follow the same musical and acoustic patterns .
'Therefore , by testing only different Western music , previous research has essentially replicated itself , ' the authors wrote .
The study was published in APA 's Journal of Experimental Psychology : Animal Learning and Cognition .
Not a belieber : The animals preferred silence to the sound of western pop
When African and Indian music was played near their large outdoor enclosures , the chimps spent significantly more time in areas where they could best hear the music .
When Japanese music was played , they were more likely to be found in spots where it was more difficult or impossible to hear the music .
The African and Indian music in the experiment had extreme ratios of strong to weak beats , whereas the Japanese music had regular strong beats , which is also typical of Western music .
'Chimpanzees may perceive the strong , predictable rhythmic patterns as threatening , as chimpanzee dominance displays commonly incorporate repeated rhythmic sounds such as stomping , clapping and banging objects , ' said de Waal .
'Chimpanzees displaying a preference for music over silence is compelling evidence that our shared evolutionary histories may include favoring sounds outside of both humans ' and chimpanzees ' immediate survival cues , ' said lead author Morgan Mingle , BA , of Emory and Southwestern University in Austin .
Donald Trump has been under fire by those who believe he has now embraced the “ alt right. ” His hiring of Breitbart ‘ s Steve Bannon is one of the biggest reasons that theory has taken off , so today , Hillary Clinton gave a speech condemning the perceived racism and nationalism inherent to the movement and supplemented that speech with some zingers at Twitter . They aimed not only at Trump , but at Brannon and his site . Look :
Trump hired the head of Breitbart “ News ” to be CEO of his campaign . Here 's a sample of their work : pic.twitter.com/y8loOnkbNu — Hillary Clinton ( @ HillaryClinton ) August 25 , 2016
She released the headlines on Twitter as she read them in real life :
Hillary Clinton reads headlines from Breitbart News , whose chief executive is an adviser for Donald Trump https : //t.co/Ds3SYZQzeu — Eugene Scott ( @ Eugene_Scott ) August 25 , 2016
For their part , Breitbart has responded like this :
MUH PUTIN IS BEHIND IT ALL pic.twitter.com/ICkA7S4Hug — Breitbart News ( @ BreitbartNews ) August 25 , 2016
Earlier this year , a number of Breitbart staffers walked out on their jobs when they became uncomfortable with the way the site handled Trump 's campaign news .
[ image via screengrab ]
Lindsey : Twitter . Facebook .
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
What is behind the curtain for the Canucks at the 2012 NHL Draft ? And will Gillis continue to target hefty forwards ?
The debate about whether or not there 's an inherent advantage to drafting `` big players '' is a contentious one . While there is no correlation between size-advantage and teams that win championships and no apparent pattern either way , the heaviest 5 % of drafted players do significantly outperform the rest of their cohort ( that last link is to an ESPN Insider article , you have to pay up if you want to read it ) . Despite conflicting evidence , Bruins General Manager Peter Chiarelli – clearly one of the smartest General Managers in the league , except for his total inability to sign Chris Kelly to a reasonable and legal contract – spoke openly about looking to draft bigger players at the MIT Sloan Conference earlier this year .
One of the important things to remember about the draft is that there are very few executives who are good at it . That is n't reflective of 30 General Managers drafting players incorrectly necessarily , it 's just that drafting eighteen and nineteen year-olds ( outside of the top-ten , essentially ) is a total crap-shoot . In limited information situations , finding a workable approach that can yield even a slight edge – be it a `` Fishing Hole '' league that you 're particularly good at evaluating talent in , or drafting exclusively younger players or heavier players – is potentially very valuable , especially in a salary-capped league where parity rules .
Short of picking first overall , there are n't any `` silver bullets '' in terms of a guiding draft philosophy that will always pay dividends . But whether or not drafting players based on size is the `` right '' approach , let 's take a look at Gillis ' draft record through this lens . Read past the jump for more .
There are several overarching trends that Mike Gillis has exhibited at the draft table over the past four seasons . First off , at every draft since he became Canucks General Manager , Gillis has selected a goaltender late in the draft ( the earliest being raw but super athletic Czech puck-stopper David Honzik in the 3rd round last season ) . Secondly , he 's never drafted any type of positional player , except for a forward , in the first round of the draft .
While the Vancouver sports media is happy to remind us that Gillis has yet to draft a player who has made a regular impact at the NHL level ( aside from Cody Hodgson ) , those trends hint at a solid understanding of positional value , and development risk . Avoiding selecting defenseman early makes good sense : blueline prospects take longer to develop and are riskier picks . Never taking a goaltender in the first two rounds is a solid guiding philosophy as well , above average goaltending can usually be had for cheap on the open market , and projecting amateur goalies is completely impossible .
In terms of player size , the average forward drafted by Mike Gillis weighs 191 pounds at the Draft . The average Gillis drafted defenseman has weighed a paltry 187 pounds at the Draft ( well below league average ) . That would indicate to me that Gillis has n't looked to draft `` heavy players '' in particular during his tenure , but I also think there 's more going on here .
Let 's look at the evolution of Gillis ' drafting . With the tenth overall pick in 2008 Gillis selected 6 foot , 185 pound center Cody Hodgson , and he took two more forwards that year in the middle rounds : Prab Rai ( 5,11 191 pounds ) and Mats Froshaug ( 6,1 198 pounds ) . The next year ( 2009 ) , he selected 5,8 175 pound center Jordan Schroeder with his first round pick , then picked Swedish speedster Anton Rodin ( 5,11 , 174 pounds ) in the second round . He did n't draft another forward that year until the seventh round , when the team picked Stephen Anthony who stood 6 foot 3 inches and weighed 205 pounds on his draft day .
In 2010 , Gillis largely burned his entire draft on Andrew Alberts and Keith Ballard . The Canucks selected four players total , and only one forward : the recently signed Alex Friesen , who was 5,8 the day he was drafted , and weighed in at a stocky 186 pounds .
Those seven forwards ( Hodgson , Rai , Froshaug , Schroeder , Rodin , Anthony and Friesen ) had an average weight of 188 pounds , and an average height of five foot , 11.14 inches .
Which takes us to the most recent draft , 2011 , where Gillis selected 5 forwards : Nicklas Jensen ( 6,2 , 202 pounds ) , Alexandre Grenier ( 6,5 , 200 pounds ) , Joseph Labate ( 6,4 , 190 pounds ) , Ludwig Blomstrand ( 6,1 , 198 pounds ) and Pathrik Westerholm who is 6 feet tall and weighs 187 pounds . The average height and weight of Gillis ' most recent class of forwards ? 195 pounds , standing over 6 foot and 2.4 inches tall .
There 's a pretty sizable difference in the weight and height of the forwards that Gillis targeted in his first three drafts , compared with his most recent one . When you consider that Gillis subsequently traded for 215 pounds power-forward David Booth just a few months later , then moved the svelte Cody Hodgson in exchange for a behemoth in Zack Kassian – there appears to be a new trend emerging .
Basically since the 2011 draft ( which incidentally took place just a handful of days after the Canucks lost to the `` big bad '' Bruins in the 2011 Stanley Cup Final ) , Gillis has seemed to target big , heavy wingers , both at the draft and on the trade market , in a way he previously did n't .
This is by no means definitive , it 's too early to know whether or not Gillis and the Canucks were just addressing an area of perceived need and will go back to drafting undersized skill forwards , or if he 's more widely altered his approach . For all we know , this is just a coincidence , and perhaps Vancouver will select 5,8 140 pound forward Austin Czarnik in the second round this year… But I 'd be pretty surprised .
Reviewing ` The Science of Cooking ' by Bristol University ( UK ) don Peter Barham gives me the pleasure of commenting on a book with differential equations , a subject for which I received my all-time the lowest grade ( a D ) in school . Luckily you , dear reader , these equations are no more than window dressing in a sidebar on thermodynamics which , if nothing else , convince us that Dr. Barham knows what he is talking about . And yes , dear reader , Dr. Barham most certainly knows of what he speaks . And , he does an excellent job of communicating this information to the layman .
This excellent book can be evaluated on at least three different levels . On the highest level , where Barham talks about the relevance of science to cooking , the author is just a bit weak . Early in the book , he compares a cook 's following a recipe to the conduct of an experiment , and I think this metaphor simply does not work , and , I think the author repudiates this notion later in the book when he does a true description of how a recipe would be written if it were an experiment . A second major weakness in his talking about science is where he describes both a recipe ( experiment ) and a theory as a model . Philosophers of science clearly distinguish experiment from explanation ( theory ) and while ` model ' is a good word for theory , it is definitely not a good word for experiment . Oddly enough , there are important roles for experiment in cookery , but only when one is truly developing recipes and examining the properties of a new foodstuff product . Thankfully , the author gets on to the important business at hand of actually describing science and applying it to cooking , two tasks he does with great skill .
Unlike Harold McGee , Barham correctly puts his introduction to basic chemistry in the front of the book . I am sure that thousands of people will stumble over this with unprintable mutterings in an effort to get to the writing about pots and potatoes , but you must give serendipity a fighting chance . A fair number of readers will pick up on this stuff and it will clearly improve their understanding of what follows . This is especially true as Dr. Barham or his book design team has done an excellent job of selecting illustrations of the basic organic molecules of which he speaks . There is a risk here that since I studied organic chemistry I may not have the same eye of a chemical innocent , but I think not . I believe reasonably intelligent people prefer the straight skinny rather than explanations tailored for 12 year olds . In addition to basic chemistry , Dr. Barham opens the subject of cooking with an overview of the science of food and heat and food and the senses . Here begins what is Dr. Barham 's greatest single contribution to food science writing , and the thing that would make this book a superb textbook on food science . In each chapter , Barham supplies two or more experiments on food science that can easily be done at home or in a standard school chemistry lab with no expensive special equipment .
I must also note that Dr. Barham is crystal clear on methods of heat distribution . This is important , as Alton Brown 's first book has a major error in its opening discussion of heat transfer methods in that he does not rate convection with as much importance as conduction and radiation . Dr. Barham corrects this error by citing that in fact , convection is the most important means of heat transfer in ovens .
The next chapter deals with cooking tools and the materials from which they are made . While this chapter is no match for the detail in Alton Brown 's book on kitchen equipment , it does include a few cautions that I do not recall Alton 's having mentioned . The most interesting is the warning against the very expensive stainless steel sheathed pots with copper or aluminum cores that extend all the way up the sides of the pot . While others have recommended this , the author warns this may cause hot spots high up on the wall of the saucepan that may have undesirable consequences if hot liquid splashes against the even hotter metal high in the pan . Unfortunately , the good doctor does not back this observation up with a demonstration , so it is no better than an anecdotal observation , but I will feel a bit more respectful to the cookware lines with only a disk of high conducting metal in the bottom .
The first real foody subject is ` Meat and Poultry ' . I find it a bit odd that the author says that meat cookery is the one place where an understanding of science can make the biggest difference in cooking results . I can say with confidence that a scientific view of things is probably at least as important , if not more so in baking , where the effect of errors in measuring ingredients can be truly disastrous ( or inventive , depending on how you look at it ) .
This chapter is the first appearance of actual recipes and the second great contribution to food science writing ( first being the experiments ) . Here , Dr. Barham not only gives excellently explained recipes ; he also gives great little tables of problems that may arise with various cooking methods and how to solve the problems . There is little that is new here except that the presentation gets a lot of the ideas across more effectively than simple narrative . Shirley Corriher uses a similar tabular presentation , although her information is more proactive than diagnostic in that it explains the reasons for steps in the procedure rather than giving solutions for problems .
Be warned that all units are metric and there are some unexplained English references here and there , such as the term ` A4 ' for letter paper . I recommend this book very highly . It does n't have Alton Brown 's humor or Shirley Corriher 's southern charm , but it is a very , very sound book , once you get past the first three pages .
For other people named Douglas Kelley , see Douglas Kelley ( disambiguation )
Lt . Colonel Douglas McGlashan Kelley ( 11 August 1912 – January 1 , 1958 ) was a United States Army Military Intelligence Corps officer who served as chief psychiatrist at Nuremberg Prison during the Nuremberg War Trials . He worked to ascertain defendants ' competency evaluations before standing trial .
Life and career [ edit ]
Kelley was born in Truckee , California . He graduated from University of California at Berkeley and received his medical degree from the School of Medicine in San Francisco . He continued his studies at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons , earning a Doctor of Medical Science in 1941 .
In 1942 he was called to duty in the United States Army Medical Corps as chief psychiatrist for the 30th General Hospital in the European Theatre . Along with psychologist Gustave Gilbert he administered the Rorschach inkblot test to the 22 defendants in the Nazi leadership group prior to the first Nuremberg trials . [ 1 ] Kelley authored two books on the subject : Twenty-two Cells in Nuremberg and The Case of Rudolph Hess . After his examination of Hess , Kelley concluded that this defendant suffered from `` a true psychoneurosis , primarily of the hysterical type , engrafted on a basic paranoid and schizoid personality , with amnesia , partly genuine and partly feigned '' . His diagnosis was confirmed by at least six other psychiatrists from Russia , France , England and the United States . [ 2 ]
Upon honorable discharge in 1946 , Kelley was appointed Associate Professor of Psychiatry at the Bowman Gray School of Medicine in North Carolina . In 1949 he was appointed Professor of Criminology at the University of California at Berkeley . He served as the President of the then Berkeley-based Society for the Advancement of Criminology ( later , the American Society of Criminology ) in 1950 and 1951 .
Kelley was portrayed by Stuart Bunce in the 2006 BBC docudrama Nuremberg : Nazis on Trial , which depicts the events at Nuremberg , [ 3 ] as does Jack El-Hai 's nonfiction book The Nazi And The Psychiatrist . [ 4 ]
Death [ edit ]
Kelley committed suicide in front of his wife , father and oldest son on New Year 's Day 1958 during a family gathering to watch the Rose Bowl game on television . He died by ingesting potassium cyanide as had Nazi leader Hermann Göring , whom Kelley had come to know during his psychiatric evaluation at Nuremberg . According to Psychology Today , Kelley was alcoholic and despondent by that time and had a `` history of dark moods '' ; he had also expressed admiration `` for Göring 's control over his own death '' . [ 5 ] Neither his son nor wife could shed light on the motivation for the suicide . In an interview , son Doug Kelley recounted the circumstances : `` He was cooking dinner , burned himself and exploded . The next thing we knew , he was on the stairs saying he was going to swallow the potassium cyanide and that he 'd be dead in 30 seconds '' . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] He did as threatened and died in the bathroom , leaving no suicide note . [ 8 ]
Publications [ edit ]
22 Cells in Nuremberg . A Psychiatrist Examines the Nazi Criminals . London : W. H. Allen , 1947 .
London : W. H. Allen , 1947 . Bruno Klopfer : The Rorschach Technique . A Manual for a Projective Method of Personality Diagnosis . With Clinical Contributions by Douglas McGlashan Kelley ; introduction by Nolan D. C. Lewis . Yonkers-on-Hudson : World Book Comp . 1942 .
Further reading [ edit ]
Jack El-Hai : The Nazi and the Psychiatrist , Publisher : PublicAffairs , 2013 , ISBN 161039156X
From Dead Media Archive
A gentle… almost magical… puff of smoke rises up toward the clouds and heavens , floating , suspended in space , lifting then gradually disappearing , being consumed by the earth surrounding it and the breath of the wind that carries it ( Grandmother Selma ) .
Error creating thumbnail : Unable to save thumbnail to destination
Purpose of Smoke Signals
American Indians used smoke signals to alert others of multiple situations , including , to warn of danger , to call the people to a common meeting area and to transmit news ( Grandmother Selma / Clark 411 ) . This ancient skill stems from the larger category of American Indian non-verbal communication . Different types of this , most notably sign language , were essential for American Indian communication . Since each tribe had their own unique language , these types of non-verbal signals enabled communication among diverse groups . This tool for transmitting messages was also extremely useful in mountainous or heavily forested regions ( Clark 415 ) .
Types of Signals
The smoke could be transformed into many different types of shapes to communicate different signals . For example , the “ [ s ] moke could be made to curl in spirals , ascend in puffs or circles , [ and ] even parallel lines . Some signals resembled the letter V or Y and some were zigzag ” ( Grandmother Selma ) .
The Non-Code
There never has been a standard code for smoke signals . This is partially due to the idea that the signals were oftentimes meant to be secretive . Because the signals were visible to all , the enemy would be able to see the message in the sky but , because of the non-standardized system , could not make out the meaning behind the smoke . Thus , unique codes were secretly developed between individuals or groups of people for their private use ( Tomkins 92 ) .
The Standard Code
There were a few abstracts , commonly understood signals ( Tomkins 92 ) :
One puff meant ATTENTION .
Two puffs meant ALL 'S WELL .
Three puffs of smoke , or three fires in a row , signifies DANGER , TROUBLE OR A CALL FOR HELP .
Error creating thumbnail : Unable to save thumbnail to destination Portrait of Apache man , Cassadora and wife in 1876 ( Artstor.org ) .
Another widely accepted signal known about today is the announcement of a successful battle . Because two puffs signify `` all 's well '' , building “ two fires a short distance from each other [ which would send ] up two parallel columns of smoke ” would demonstrate this message ( Clark 415 ) .
It is important to understand that the significance of the number three goes much beyond that of smoke signals . Amongst outdoors people if “ three shouts , three whistles , three shots from a gun , three smoke signals , three fires in a row at night in a place where they might be visible , all should be interpreted to convey the message that a person is in danger or requires assistance ” ( Tomkins 92 ) .
The Apache Code
The Apache tribe had a specific way to communicate that strangers were approaching and their reason for approach . “ [ T ] he sighting of one puff quickly losing its geometric shape indicated that a strange party had been spotted approaching . If those ‘ puffs ' were frequent and rapidly repeated , it transmitted the message that ‘ the stranger approaching ' was in fact many in number and armed ” ( Grandmother Selma ) .
How to Create
Error creating thumbnail : Unable to save thumbnail to destination American Indians communicating through smoke signals ( Artstor.org ) .
( Tomkins 92 )
1 . Pre-arrange code of signals
2 . Party creating signal goes to an adjacent high hill or mountain ( bring blanket or tarp )
3 . Build a fire on a visible point
4 . Wait until fire is blazing
5 . Create smoke fire by adding some handfuls of grass or green branches
6 . Use blanket or tarp to control the smoke , liberating the fire in a series of puffs to convey the message
Fire Bowls
Fire bowls refer to the pits the smoke fires create in the ground . They are “ saucer shaped depressions , round or square , five to eight feet across and lined with field stones. ” Studied for many years , especially those “ in close proximity to the ‘ Warrior Path ' that ran between encampments of Shawnee near the Scioto River and Ohio River near Richmondale , ” the size of the fire bowls directly correlates to the type and amount of leaves and brush used to produce the smoke . The stones , which line the edge of the fire bowls , allow for both the immediate control of the fire and to anchor the polls that the blankets attach to regulate the smoke ( Grandmother Selma ) .
Widespread Communication
Smoke signals have often been cited as “ Indian Telegraphy. ” They were able to transmit messages over vast distances . Oftentimes , multiple messages were transmitted in a row , allowing for roll reversal – the receiver to become the sender and the sender to become the receiver ( Grandmother Selma ) .
Death
While there is no account of the end of the use of smoke signals , it would be quite probable that as European settlers came to America , their written culture – among other socio-cultural changes – replaced that of American Indian smoke signals . As the code and use of smoke signals were created on an ad hoc basis , there is no linear progression of when their use began , how it changed over time and how the signals became extinct .
Other Signals
Besides smoke signals , American Indians took advantage of a myriad of other communication signal tools , such as , pony , blanket , mirror , and figures or pictures . At the bottom of this page is a chart indicating each signals purpose and way in which it was performed ( Clark 411-416 ) .
Interesting Information
The only group that still practices the use of smoke signals to learn about different communication methods is the Boy Scouts ( Tomkins 92 ) . They are constantly researching and inquiring about a smoke signal code . Smoke signaling is “ [ a ] skill of the Native American Indians , also of the ancient Chinese and presently used by the Boy Scouts of America ” ( Grandmother Selma ) .
Special Thanks
Mary Ahenakew at NIN ( Native Information Network )
Works Cited
Clark , William P. The Indian Sign Language . Philadelphia : L.R . Hamersly & Co. , 1885 . 411-16 .
Selma , Grandmother Selma . `` Origins of the Smoke Signal . '' Mendota Mdewakanton Dakota Community . 8 Mar . 2008 . 23 Nov. 2008 < http : //mendotadakota.com/mn/tag/native-american-indian-smoke-signals/ > .
Tomkins , William . Indian Sign Language . New York : Dover Publications , Inc. , 1969 . 92 .
Signal Chart
Image copyright EPA Image caption The government has pledged to take in 20,000 Syrian refugees by 2020
A former soldier caught trying to smuggle an Afghan child into the UK has been given a suspended fine by a court in France . The four-year-old girl is just one of many migrant children who have attempted to , or been coerced into , crossing into the UK , and the number arriving is on the rise . But what happens to them once they reach these shores ? And can the system cope ?
`` My aunty told me : 'Do n't ask anything . These people will take you through . ' So I did n't ask anything . I just followed . '
In 2011 , 16-year-old Makdes was given instructions by her aunt to follow so-called `` agents '' - or people smugglers - who would help her flee Eritrea , in east Africa , for the UK .
This same aunt had already bailed her out of prison , where she had been jailed along with her father for opposing the current government .
Makdes eventually ended up at Calais 's so-called `` jungle '' - the refugee camp on the edge of the French port where thousands of migrants live . Once in Calais she was handed over to another smuggler who arranged for her to be transported to England in the back of a lorry .
Makdes ' journey to the UK is just one of many made by lone migrant children , and the number arriving is on the increase .
The latest Home Office figures suggest there were 2,654 asylum applications in the UK for lone migrant children in the year ending September 2015 - an increase of 50 % on the year before .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption `` I 'd never seen this kind of things , '' says Makdes , who stayed in the Calais Jungle for two days before reaching England
Under the Children Act 1989 , it is a council 's legal responsibility to care for unaccompanied children who arrive in their local authority area .
For some councils , this has presented a particular challenge . Kent County Council is currently looking after 932 unaccompanied migrant children - the largest number among councils in the UK and an increase from 220 in March 2014 .
The county council recently claimed the `` unprecedented '' influx was having a negative impact on `` citizen '' children in its care , and , to accommodate the rise in entrants , buildings have had to be reopened , and some young migrants have been placed out of the county , as far away as Herefordshire .
Image copyright Kent County Council Image caption Unaccompanied asylum seeker children in Kent , which has seen the largest number of applicants
According to Peter Oakford , cabinet member for specialist children 's services at Kent County Council , the government reimburses the county council for some of the costs involved in looking after the lone migrant children but , he says , there is still a shortfall .
`` Our shortfall was running at £7.5m and is now down to £2.5m , '' he said .
Mr Oakford says the county council wants the government to introduce a national dispersal scheme , so that when the lone migrant children arrive , they are shared out across the UK .
Another council dealing with a relatively large number of children seeking asylum is Croydon , in south London , where the latest figures show the council has 451 unaccompanied children in its care .
Similarly to Kent , the majority of lone children seeking asylum in Croydon are males aged 16 or 17 .
What happens ?
Unaccompanied children under the age of 16 are generally placed in foster care by the local council .
For those who are 16 or 17 at the time of arrival , some may be placed in foster care but others , like Makdes , are placed in semi-independent accommodation .
Image copyright Michel Spingler Image caption Migrant camp in the jungle in Calais
`` My first few weeks were so hard , '' Makdes said .
`` I was just sitting in the house and did n't have anyone at the start to show me where anything was , where to get food . It was really lonely . There was no-one to talk to . ''
When she arrived in England from Calais , she says the asylum process was `` horrible '' .
`` It was so hard . I was so nervous . The lady interviewing me said I was 18 , and I was trying to tell her I was 16 . I just wanted to go home . I did n't want to argue with her . ''
For those applying for asylum as children , one of the main issues is age disputes , says Kamena Dorling , head of policy at Coram Children 's legal centre .
In the year ending September 2015 , 590 asylum applicants had their age disputed and there were 574 recorded as having an age assessment .
According to the Home Office , there is no single technique to determine an applicant 's age .
`` Many children arrive without documentation to prove how old they are and have their age questioned by the Home Office and/or local authority , '' says Ms Dorling .
Image copyright Kent County Council Image caption 590 asylum applicants had their age disputed in the year ending September 2015
`` These cases can be long and costly , during which time the child involved often does n't receive the support they need . ''
Home Office figures state that in the year up to September , 65 % of applicants who underwent an age assessment had a date of birth suggesting they were over 18 .
Culture shock
For those who are accepted as minors , the next step is going through the asylum process .
Refugee Council figures show that in the first quarter of 2015 , 181 UASC ( Unaccompanied Asylum Seeking Children ) leave grants were handed out to unaccompanied children compared to 98 grants of refugee status , 18 grants of discretionary leave , and 1 grant of humanitarian protection .
Ms Dorling says most children are not granted refugee status but instead are given UASC grants , which are a temporary measure that protect minors until they are 17-and-a-half . Many , she adds , then `` find themselves facing removal from the UK once they turn 18 '' .
According to Rebecca Griffiths , who works with trafficked children at Barnardo 's , the majority of trafficked minors they deal with are those who have come to the UK unaccompanied and seeking asylum .
`` A lot of the children we have dealt with have experienced loss and grief . We 've dealt with children who have seen close family members who have drowned in the boats going across the waters to Greece - that 's not an unfamiliar story .
`` There 's also the culture shock and language barriers . They 're essentially isolated . It makes it very difficult to build trust .
`` They 're some of the most vulnerable children in this country . ''
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Asylum seekers stand in front of a fence at the port of Calais
Recruiting foster carers to meet the needs of such children can , says Kevin Williams , CEO of Fostering Network , be a `` challenge '' .
`` The number of young people in the care system is increasing and the vast majority are in foster care , '' he told the BBC .
The Fostering Network says there is an urgent need for more foster homes in the UK , and figures released this month estimate over 9,000 more will be needed during 2016 .
`` Generally , the unaccompanied asylum-seeking children will have suffered some trauma or loss so it 's about getting foster carers who understand loss , and making sure they are the right cultural and language fit .
`` We think if the government are to commit to taking in more lone asylum seekers , they need to make sure resources are in place to meet that challenge , '' said Mr Williams .
For the young migrants already here , everyday life in a new country can be daunting .
18-year-old Jetmir , who sought asylum as a minor in the UK from Albania , expresses his uncertainty best through his poetry :
`` This is another different country with a different way . I do n't know where to go or even what to say .
`` I 've left my family and my home , I had to make a trip and I have done it alone . I did n't want to leave but people sometimes do n't have a choice . The only thing I have is myself and my voice. ``
Former CNN host Soledad O'Brien took a shellacking for defending the notion that Fidel Castro 's brutal regime in Cuba was “ complicated ” on MSNBC 's Morning Joe Monday .
Cuban-American author Humberto Fontova took her to task , saying there 's nothing complicated about the evil he perpetrated on the country . “ Here we 're hearing about complicated emotions , ” he said . “ We 're hearing about strong emotions . ”
“ Folks Castro regime jailed and tortured political prisoners at a higher rate than Stalin 's regime during the great terror . They murdered , murdered , mostly by firing squad , more political prisoners in their first three years in power than Hitler 's regime murdered in his first six . They drove 20 times as many people to die trying to escape from Cuba as died trying to escape East Germany , and we 're hearing about complicated emotions ? Please give me a break . ”
O'Brien replied : “ No , sir , because if you 're actually trying to understand why there are Cubans who do like Fidel Castro , right they like that he gave the finger to the United States , so there are Cubans inside of Cuba , many of my family members , who actually like Fidel Castro . They look at the things he brought — Cuba today is more Afro-Cuban than it was before a lot of the wealthier , educated Cubans fled . So there are complicated emotions . I do n't think that is completely unfair . ”
“ With Fidel Castro there is , yes , absolutely a brutal dictator but you can not remove from his history the things that made Cubans like him in the first place , ” she added . “ Remember the Cubans — when Fidel Castro first came in and overthrew Batista he was welcomed by all Cubans . They loved him , and very quickly it went south . ”
“ No , no , no , no , no , ” Fontova interjected . “ He was not welcomed . Under Batista — who jumped on rafts to escape Batista ? Can you answer that for me ? During Batista , more Americans lived in Cuba , than Cubans lived in the U.S. , and that was at a time when Cubans could escape , could get visas . Under Batista Cuba had a higher standard of living than most of Europe . ”
“ What I 'm saying is , you 're trying to give some context to people right ? ” O'Brien said . “ To understand why they feel the way they do about Fidel Castro . ”
“ Some of those people were forced into it , clearly , ” she added . “ But lets , also people enjoyed the fact that he basically gave the middle finger to the United States . There 's no question about that . ”
“ More bogus stuff , ” Fontova interrupted . “ Utterly bogus . ”
Follow Rachel on Twitter
Send tips to rachel @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
MINNEAPOLIS—Saying she was glad to finally be able to apply her psychiatric training , local child therapist Pamela Thornton expressed her excitement to reporters Friday at the prospect of seeing a patient with actual psychological issues . “ It 's thrilling to have a kid in here for once who 's truly suffering from a behavioral disorder that legitimately requires regular therapy sessions , ” said Thornton , adding that she was elated at the opportunity to delve into past traumas , evaluate recurring thoughts , and set up a treatment plan for the child who had genuine , clinically diagnosable depression . “ This is n't just some kid who started talking back to his parents or ca n't sit still for more than a minute—this one could , in all reality , potentially pose a risk to himself or others . It 's kind of a treat. ” Thornton later confirmed to reporters that she still planned on prescribing the same medication she recommends for all of her patients .
Advertisement
Last month , The Staves released their Justin Vernon-produced sophomore album , If I Was . Vernon 's support of the band did n't end in the studio , however , as he was present for an album preview show at London 's Wilton 's Music Hall . Previously , we 'd seen him join the folk group for a performance of their single “ Make It Holy ” . Now , another video has emerged , this time featuring Vernon and the English sisters covering Bruce Springsteen 's classic “ I 'm On Fire ” .
Vernon 's bellowing vocals kick off the track , wavering above placid guitar picking in an incredible proximation of Springsteen himself . By the first refrain , the Stavely sisters come in with a lush and airy three-part harmony . Each vocalist trades the lead melody throughout as the song slowly builds in intensity alongside the sparse instrumentation . Still , the song never breaks from its hypnotic quietness . It takes a lot of gall to take on The Boss ' material , but the Born in the USA track is in capable hands here .
Check out the clip , which opens with the musicians discussing the song , below .
Starting December 1st , any download you make from an overseas website will incur a 15 % service tax , according to the newly amended rules made to the ‘ Place of Provisions of Services Rules ' ( PPSR ) for ‘ online information and database access or retrieval services ' .
Indian suppliers of digital services already incur this tax , but overseas suppliers are currently excluded under the provision , which is now about to change .
The amendment impacts overseas companies providing various services like advertisements , web subscriptions , cloud hosting , music , e-books and gaming , said the Central Board of Excise and Customs ( CBEC ) notification .
The definition of ‘ online information and database access or retrieval services ' has also been changed . It now means services whose “ delivery is mediated by information technology over the internet or an electronic network and the nature of which renders their supply essentially automated and involving minimal human intervention , and impossible to ensure in the absence of information technology ” .
Beware the Error of Those Who Proclaim Mercy Without Repentance
Those who preach and teach mercy without repentance are deceivers , and are likely deceived themselves
As we prepare for the Year of Mercy , a blessed declaration from our Holy Father to be sure , permit me to express one concern . Fundamentally it concerns a flawed notion of mercy that is widespread in the world today , and also to some extent in the Church .
A simple way of describing the problem is to say that one of the great errors of our day is the proclamation of mercy without repentance , without reference to our sinful condition . So many pulpits have gone silent on sin ! And therefore they are silent on the true glory of mercy and the astonishing gift that it is ! Ah , mercy ! Divine mercy ! Perfect mercy ! But only when we know and acknowledge our sins can this joyful cry be deep and authentic .
Yet too often today mercy is preached in a detached way and is taken by many to mean that our sins are n't really sins , or are no big deal , and that God does n't really care what we do because , after all , he is merciful . And , by contrast those that do speak of sin are thereby unmerciful and mean .
Thus yet again we must state the critical and central truth that the astonishing and glorious mercy of God is accessed by repentance . It is repentance that opens the door to mercy , forgiveness , and kindness .
Consider a medical analogy of a man who is in very poor health . Perhaps he has a host of problems such as hypertension , high cholesterol and diabetes . Now modern medicine has a lot to offer people who are struggling with poor health . The healing help includes everything from medicine to surgery , to information on nutrition , etc . But in order for this man to access that healing help , he needs to realize and admit he has a problem , schedule an appointment , keep the appointment , take the medicine and follow the advice he receives .
Now , when he does this , AND ONLY when he does this , will the healing help of the medical profession unfold for him . It is not enough for him to say , “ Well is n't it great that there are doctors and medicine out there. ” That is not enough . He has to make a change and actually reach out and develop a relationship with the medical community . He has to actually take the medicine . It is not enough to praise the medicine and rejoice that healing is available ; he has to act and set a new course for his life .
And this is an analogy for the spiritual life and repentance . God 's offer of mercy and healing love stand , and are offered to everyone . But these magnificent gifts must be accessed through repentance .
The Greek word that is usually translated as repentance is metanoia and it means more than simply to clean up our act . Most literally it means to come to a new mind , or a new way of thinking . The “ meta ” in metanoia signifies change . So repentance involves more than a sorrow . It involves actual change or a move or a step in the right direction . And in this way metanoia ( repentance ) unlocks all the blessings the healings , the mercy , and the salvation that is promised . We must allow the grace of God , interacting with our freedom to effect an actual change , a decision in our life that changes the way we think , the way we act , and puts us into a saving relationship with the Divine Physician Jesus .
Repentance is the key that unlocks mercy . We need to recouple mercy with repentance .
Isaiah had said , The Redeemer will come to Zion , to those in Jacob who repent of their sins , ” declares the LORD ( Is 59:20 ) .
And to the Disciples in Emmaus Jesus said , Repentance for the forgiveness of sins will be preached in his name to all nations , beginning at Jerusalem . ( Luke 24:46-48 )
St. Paul warns , In the past God overlooked such ignorance , but now he commands all people everywhere to repent ( Acts 17:30 ) .
Thus those who preach and teach mercy without repentance are deceivers and likely themselves are deceived . And those who think of mercy without reference to repentance are deceived .
Repentance is the supernaturally transformed and assisted human element that is necessary to unlock mercy and the graces of God . To ignore or deny this amounts to a denial of human freedom and does not help God 's people . Rather it hinders them , for mercy is accessed through repentance , and without it , the door can not open .
But the point of the call of repentance is not simply to go out and tell others how terrible they are , but rather to tell them about the forgiveness of sin ! And this is why we need a Year of Mercy ! On the one hand we 're living in rebellious times , times in which many are dismissive of sin and have refashioned God into just a nice fellow who does n't really care all that much about sin ( despite what His own Scriptures say to the contrary ) , reducing mercy to mere kindness and a sort of blindness of a doting God .
On the other hand , these are also times when many are scared and angry with God , rejecting His judgments and glorious moral vision . A lot of people know that their lives are in disorder : their families are broken ; they are confused ; greed , materialism , lust , and other sinful drives are taking a heavy toll . And many are angry with the Church because deep down they know the Gospel is right . They do n't like being reminded that people have no business calling good what God calls sinful .
But most of all , many are confused and angry because they do n't know forgiveness . All the more reason to preach the glory of mercy experienced through repentance . For indeed , if we do not know the bad news , the good news is no news .
So let 's celebrate this Year of Mercy , but do it in the only way that truly unlocks its power and highlights its glory : Repentance for the forgiveness of sin is to be preached to all the nations beginning at Jerusalem ! ( Luke 24:48 )
This morning , prime minister Malcolm Turnbull announced a royal commission into misconduct in the financial services sector .
The commission will report back in February 2019 , and will examine misconduct by financial services entities and their employees , and the adequacy of Australian laws and regulations over the sector .
It took the PM about five minutes into his press conference to get to this particular detail , after going on about all the things the government was already doing and how a royal commission had n't been necessary .
He did n't seem too keen on it , though , and made it obvious that it was all about politics .
`` Now this royal commission 's establishment will end the uncertainty and speculation , '' he said . `` It will conduct an inquiry in a thorough and conventional fashion and in so doing safeguard the integrity of our banks and our other financial institutions , thereby ensuring Australia 's confidence and trust in this critical industry is well founded . ''
The PM was facing the prospect of the Nationals teaming up with the Greens , Labor , and some of the cross bench , to pass legislation for a banking inquiry in the Senate and potentially in the House of Representatives , while the government does n't have an absolute majority .
And then the banks came out on Thursday and backed the royal commission they had long opposed .
It 's Saturday , Aug. 5 , 0647 hrs . I 'm at the airport in Hamburg , waiting to board the first of two flights back to America .
I just climbed out of the three performances at the Wacken Festival , the first European shows I 've done in the age of Trump . I understand that I was in front of young music fans , but just mentioning his name elicited a reaction completely antithetical to the desperation-sets-in pep rally he flopped through in West Virginia a few days ago . I do n't want to be like Sean Spicer and get attendance numbers wrong , but over three nights , a lot of people wandered into my tent , and if they are in any way demonstrative of Germany 's youth , comrade Trump might not want to visit his non-friend Chancellor Merkel anytime soon .
I 've been trying to figure out what 's behind comrade Trump 's recent flailing . Keeping his Putin First policy on display when he complained about having to sign the bill to put further sanctions on Russia was interesting but hardly surprising . He has to act out for his handlers in Moscow , I get it , but when he says that he is disappointed in the sanctions because they limit his dealmaking latitude with Putin , it shows that his head is still in the private sector , where he has failed over and over .
Continue Reading
I wonder if Trump understands that the bill he signed prohibits him from lifting any sanctions without congressional review . Any move he makes to serve his Russian keepers will be immediate front-page news and all the ingredients for a perfect political firestorm . His own party is trying to contain him .
I would like to know what Trump understands about the very real storm gathering around him . Publically , he says all this Russia business is nothing but a proverbial witch hunt . I do n't think that 's true , but I do n't think Trump is necessarily lying , as far as he knows , when he says that . Judging from his clueless remarks about almost every issue , from the Paris Agreement to NATO , I get the idea that , while he might not be stupid , he is n't all that interested in the fine or even medium print on seemingly anything that would be in an American president 's purview . His apparent lack of concern as to governmental mechanics and what his job entails shows up in his tweets , his hires and his increasingly bizarre statements .
What keeps coming to my mind is that it 's possible he 's so easily played that , no matter what evidence you showed him that his interactions with Russian operatives and shady businessmen disadvantaged him , he would n't understand or allow himself to admit he was a sucker . If you 're going to turn someone , the last person who should know is the one you 're turning . Comrade Trump is in so many ways the perfect mark . You loan him money he 'll never be able to pay back and compliment his greatness and he hops into your boat , unaware of the hook in his mouth , thinking you 're lucky he 's giving you the time of day .
Could it be that Trump 's myriad detractors are giving him far too much credit , and what they 're really witnessing is the takedown of a man whose hubris and inability to see outside of his lackey-packed perimeter will cause him to be the last person in the room who finally gets it ?
I do n't know if Trump is a frog in a pot of ever-warming water or just a man about to hit the history books as America 's greatest elected failure . Facebook
Twitter
More shares reddit email
If Trump thought he could be in trouble , would n't he , like his son-in-law Jared , hire much better legal help than what he has around him presently ? What if comrade Trump has resisted showing his tax returns not because they will reveal some highly questionable international finance movements but because they will show that he 's not nearly as rich as he tells us , is in debt to foreign lenders , and that he 's fucked ? What if all the branch-shaking of Robert Mueller 's investigation actually renders Trump , his stacks of cordwood kids and truly odd son-in-law as mere dupes , and throws the hot light on Paul Manafort , a man who actually knows how all this shit works ?
I do n't know what Robert Mueller will find in his investigation , but I 'm sure whatever 's there , he 'll bring it to light . I do n't know if Trump is a frog in a pot of ever-warming water or just a man about to hit the history books as America 's greatest elected failure .
While comrade Trump enjoys his 17-day vacation in New Jersey , no doubt resting up from all the hard work he 's been putting in , things in Washington are moving right along . Forget Robert Mueller 's Operation Relentless Justice for a second and consider that the Republican-stacked Senate just blocked Trump from making any recess appointments , should he want to knock Attorney General Jeff Sessions off his perch and attempt to remove Mueller . If that 's not writing on the wall , I do n't know what is .
It could be that , post-vacation , Trump will return to a GOP that is showing more and more that it digs him less and less . Froggy 's water might be getting hotter .
Many hours later , I 'm at my desk in Los Angeles . The almost 11-hour flight was blessed with an extra three-plus hours of sitting on the ground while the plane went through repairs . Zooming all over the world for work reads like a lot of bending and folding , and it is — even more now , considering how unfun airports have become . But as I drag myself through these multicontinent knotholes , I conclude that it 's always worth it .
I have spent a lot of my life getting to and from places , often not being in one location for longer than 24 hours , for weeks at a time . The older I get , slowing down seems like the most dangerous idea . Having more past than future , it 's equivalent to stopping , which is , at this point , capitulation and resignation to mediocrity . I 'm not running from my life . I 'm chasing it .
Look for your weekly fix from the one and only Henry Rollins right here every Thursday , and come back tomorrow for the playlist for his Sunday KCRW broadcast .
More from the mind of Henry Rollins :
Make America Filthy , Hungry , Broke and Stupid Again
Ask Yourself What Side of History You Want to Be on
Do n't Let the Trump Show Distract You From What 's Really Going On
UCF backup quarterback Pete DiNovo has left the football team after missing the past few practices .
The move , which was first reported by Juan Toribio of 247Sports.com Monday evening , was confirmed by offensive coordinator Troy Walters after practice on Tuesday .
“ He 's not with us and he has n't been at practice and all that so we just focus on the guys that are here , ” Walters said of DiNovo . “ The guys that are here are going to help us win games . That 's our focus right now . ”
Walters said he has n't communicated personally with DiNovo and he was n't sure exactly why he was no longer attending practices .
Senior offensive lineman Aaron Evans , who roomed with DiNovo this offseason , said he has n't spoken with him specifically about his motives for leaving practice but added , “ I know he 's going through some personal stuff and he 's addressing that . I just really wish him the best with his future endeavors . I know he 'll be successful . ”
DiNovo is the third reserve quarterback to leave the program during the past year . Tyler Harris and Garrett Kruczek previously transferred in search of more playing time .
UCF now has three scholarship quarterbacks on the roster : McKenzie Milton , Darriel Mack and Noah Vedral . There are also two walk-ons in Hayden Kingston and Sean Pratt .
DiNovo appeared in one game as a backup quarterback , where he attempted just one pass .
Crunch time
UCF will hold its second scrimmage of preseason camp Wednesday morning followed by four more practices before the start of the semester . Those practices will be crucial for the formation of the depth chart .
“ We told the guys these next four are going to be practices that we evaluate guys ' roles and pretty much a firm depth chart will come out of these four practices , ” said Walters .
A year ago , some observers were wondering when Prime Minister Stephen Harper would step down in order to avoid defeat in the next federal election . Now , pundits are debating whether the PM can win a record fourth election when Canadians are next called to the polls .
What has changed ?
The fortunes of the Conservative Party have improved , as the Tories move into a close race with Justin Trudeau 's Liberals after trailing by a significant margin for most of the last two years . Much of that rosier picture can be credited to an increase in Canadians ' approval of Harper .
Granted , it is important to keep things in perspective . The Conservatives still sit behind the Liberals in most polls and are a great distance from where they need to be to win a majority government . Nevertheless , that is a far cry from where the party stood a year ago , when the Conservatives were in more danger of being overtaken by the third place New Democrats than they were a threat to the Liberal lead .
Recent polls have shown higher approval ratings for Harper than he has experienced at any point since Trudeau arrived on the scene in April 2013 . December polls by Forum Research , EKOS Research , and Angus Reid Global all showed gains over where Harper stood in the spring of 2014 , worth anywhere from two to 10 points .
If we group approval ratings polls by quarter and average them , we get a clear picture of how Harper 's numbers have been on the upswing ( undecideds have been removed from the calculation in order to compare apples to apples , because different methodologies tend to produce different rates of undecideds , and some pollsters do not provide the option at all ) .
Quarterly polling averages measuring Stephen Harper 's approval rating , after the removal of undecideds . ( Éric Grenier )
In the last quarter of 2014 , Harper averaged an approval rating of 39 per cent , his best showing since the first quarter of 2013 . And he has shown consistent growth since falling to a low of 32 per cent in the last quarter of 2013 , when the Senate scandal was at its height .
His average disapproval rating stands at 61 per cent . That is still quite high , and compares poorly to the average fourth-quarter ( decided ) approval ratings of NDP Leader Tom Mulcair ( 59 per cent ) and Trudeau ( 54 per cent ) . But Harper 's disapproval rating is roughly equal to the number of Canadians who did not vote for his party in 2011 , when it won a majority of seats .
Renewed approval in Ontario
The most consequential improvement in the prime minister 's approval rating has occurred in Ontario , where both Forum and EKOS have shown better numbers than where Harper was last spring . A recent Ipsos Reid poll even showed a majority of Ontarians approving of him .
An Abacus Data poll looking at impressions , rather than approval , found that 37 per cent of Ontarians hold a positive impression of Harper , versus 32 per cent who hold a negative view . The opposite was the case in two similar polls by Abacus in the summer , when Harper averaged a 31 per cent positive impression in the seat-rich province against 39 per cent negative .
Regional gains have been recorded in approval ratings and Abacus 's impression numbers throughout the country , particularly in British Columbia and the Prairies . Harper 's numbers have even improved in Quebec , though from a very low base .
These improvements have also been reflected in polls asking who Canadians prefer for the top job . Nanos Research 's weekly surveys put Harper at around 33 per cent in December . He was at just 27 per cent a year before .
So , the numbers suggest Harper has improved his chance of re-election in this year 's federal vote . But the odds might still be stacked against it . His approval ratings , while better than before , continue to lag those of Trudeau and Mulcair . His party is still behind the Liberals in most polls .
On current trends , the Conservatives would win only a narrow minority government that may not survive long into 2016 . But the prime minister appears to no longer be the drag on his party that he might have been a year ago .
This article uses averages derived from dozens of polls carried out over the last two years , all of which differ in terms of methodology , sample size , and field dates . These surveys have not been individually verified by the CBC .
The poll by Abacus Data was conducted between Dec. 18 and 20 , interviewing 1,438 Canadians via the internet . As the poll was conducted online , a margin of error does not apply . The question asked was as follows : `` Do you have a positive or negative impression of the following people ? ''
UPDATE , Sept. 14 , 2016 : Len “ Kroppy ” Kropioski passed away at the age of 98 .
Growing up in Winnipeg between the wars , Len Kropioski—Kroppy to one and all—was more of a baseball guy than anything else . He played senior ball in peacetime and for the army during the Second World War—even when his Winnipeg Grenadiers were posted with American forces sent to retake Japanese-held positions in Alaska—playing with one eye on the ball and the other “ keeping a look out for dive bombers , ” he says . But it was hockey that made Kroppy a household name in his hometown—not his playing of it , but his love for it .
After the war , Kroppy and his wife , Rose , moved to her hometown of Kenora , Ont. , 200 km to the east of Winnipeg , where he worked for the city as a linesman . There he became a huge supporter of amateur sports , not just coaching but paying entry fees and buying equipment and uniforms . When he was 13 and unable to afford skates , he was given a pair by a man who owned a skate-sharpening shop in Winnipeg 's North End ; he still has them . “ I never forgot that , ” he says now , “ and later , whatever I got , I gave back. ” He became especially well-known for his Kroppy 's Hawks Jerseys , with the logo of the Chicago Blackhawks—Kroppy 's favourite NHL team as a child—on the front and his name on the back . Kroppy would travel to Winnipeg and purchase several sets every year that he would allow any kind of team to use : baseball or hockey , men or women , adults or kids .
In 2007 , the NHL Legends team—including Dale Hawerchuk , Bryan Trottier , Billy Smith and Hayley Wickenheiser—came to play the local Thistles team in commemoration of the original Kenora Thistles 1907 Stanley Cup championship . Kroppy was named honorary coach . “ I thought that was very nice of them , ” he says laughingly . “ But , no , I did n't give them any coaching advice . I kept my mouth shut . ”
When the WHA 's ( and later NHL 's ) Jets came to Winnipeg in 1979 , Kroppy became a season ticket holder , sticking with an often hard-luck team through thick and thin . The Jets camera crew began to recognize him for his patriotic salute during the national anthem , switching the Jumbotron focus from the singer to Kroppy . In December 2015 he fell ill and had to stop making the five-hour return trip from Kenora . In his absence , old images continued to be played on the Jumbotron until March 30 , 2016 , when he was able to return . When the crowd realized Kroppy was actually in the building , the arena erupted in a noisy and emotional ovation . He still speaks with wonder about the moment , how loud it was and the warmth of the crowd . Perhaps that 's why Kroppy—98 years old this July and as optimistic as a Jets fan needs to be—has signed on for another five years of season tickets . — Brian Bethune
( Portrait by John Woods )
ESPN.com 's KC Joyner may view former Michigan State running back Le'Veon Bell as one of the ``
`` in the 2013 NFL Draft , but that 's not what Bell has been hearing . Bell has taken two team visits leading up to the 2013 NFL draft . NFL teams are allowed to bring in up to 30 players prior to the draft , which kicks off Thursday , April 25 in New York . In early April he visited the New York Jets , but his most recent visit was with the Dallas Cowboys . The two-day visit allowed Bell to meet with owner and general manager Jerry Jones , as well as executive vice president Stephen Jones , head coach Jason Garrett and running backs coach Gary Brown . and according to Bell , it was a promising trip . “ The running backs coach ( Gary Brown ) was very impressed , ”
. “ He loved the way I can catch the ball . He loves the way I move , especially being a bigger guy . He loves the way I can get in and out of my cuts . I did my thing at Pro Day and in my individual workouts with the Cowboys , and I 'm going to continue to impress. ” The Cowboys currently have three running backs on their roster . Felix Jones , a former first-round pick in 2008 out of Arkansas , is looking for a new home after Dallas decided not to resign him following an underwhelming 2012 season . They still have starter DeMarco Murray , but the 25-year-old out of Oklahoma has struggled to stay healthy , missing six weeks in 2012 and only breaking the 100 yard barrier once in week one against the Giants . Needless to say , the Cowboys are in the market for a running back , and a durable one at that . And that 's where Big Ten bruiser Bell fits in . Dallas ranked in the bottom half of the NFL last season in red zone scoring percentage , converting just 51 percent of their trips inside the 20-yard line into touchdowns . Despite trimming and slimming his way to 230 pounds , Bell still sees himself as the bruiser who gained 1,793 yards on 382 carries as a junior last season and who can help whichever NFL team drafts him pound the ball inside . “ ( Dallas ) said they want another guy there to be a No . 2 guy who can eventually compete for a starting job , ” Bell said . “ They said basically they want two starting running backs . That 's what they 're looking for , and I feel like I can bring that to any team in the NFL. ” Bell is currently projected as a second- or third-round pick by
, and the draft 's fifth-best running back by
. Dallas has the 17th pick in the second round ( No . 47 overall ) and the 18th pick in the third round ( No . 80 overall ) . `` There are certain things that I take pride in , ''
. `` Being a 230 pound back , I take pride in running routes and getting open and getting in and out of my cuts and being quick , things that 200 pound backs would do . ''
-- Download the MSU football MLive app for iPhone and Android -- Download the MSU basketball on MLive app for iPhone and Android -- Follow Gillian Van Stratt on Twitter
Anyone who has been a gamer over the past decade or so will have noticed that many games shout about an additional creative feature : the level editor .
These allow us , the players , to produce maps for our favourite games , and to feel like we 're giving something back to the gaming community when we share them online .
These tools are , of course , rooted in the actual tools that game development studios use to make the games in the first place , and it 's the significance of that toolset , for both commercial and hobbyist purposes , that we 'll be examining .
Way back at the time of Doom lots of us picked up the editor and began to work out how to turn these line-models into playable levels . It was fiddly stuff , and not exactly the most obvious process . Reading tutorials was a must .
Nowadays , however , things are a little shinier , and seemingly a little more straightforward . As the tech has developed , so the design process has moved onward , giving us new stuff to play with at home . Powerful editing suites for games such as Unreal Tournament 3 and Crysis give us far more instant gratification and flexibility than ever before , and yet the flipside of that is complexity .
Loading up one of these editors and playing with its toolset gives the impression that these game-authoring tools are more accessible and easier to use than previous generations , and yet commercial operations talk about games being harder to make than ever before . Mods for big games are taking longer , and maps are become a colossal undertaking .
So what 's really going on with level design ? Is it really becoming too complex for the hobbyist ? That 's been id 's excuse for not supporting mods in Rage , for instance .
Have we already lost the art of the one-man level ? We 'll talk to some of the experts who use the current editors , see how the process has changed in the past decade , and examine some of the strange applications that people ending up finding for game level design . Could level design possibly be… art ?
Level design is one of the fundamental processes of game development . Building the 3D environments we play our games in is a talent that underlies a huge number of gaming experiences , from Tomb Raider to Wipeout .
It 's probably within the first-person shooter genre that this process is at its most visible , since the level-editing kit is regularly released to us , the gaming public . Many level designers start out using these tools and then find their way into the industry proper .
One such case in point is Neil Alphonso , a level designer currently employed at UK studio Splash Damage , where he 's making the new shooter , Brink .
`` I worked in special effects and editing for television and film after graduating , '' says Alphonso , `` but after some introspection I thought I had the necessary skills to take a different career path , one in games . I took the time to learn an engine and started making maps , and in a total case of being at the right place at the right time , I landed a role on the first Tom Clancy 's Splinter Cell game . ''
Alphonso 's career path following this decision was pretty exciting , even by jet-setting games industry standards : `` I then worked on a game called Shadow Ops : Red Mercury , and then spent some time on the infamous Duke Nukem Forever , before moving to Holland to work on Killzone 2 . ''
Alphonso is now working on a multiplayer shooter , a genre that can be regarded as the heartland of level design , because it 's where so many designers get started . This is evident in the kinds of maps that Alphonso mentions as classics , when we prod him for some suggestions :
`` The first levels that always come into my mind are 'The Dark Zone ' and 'The Bad Place ' from the original Quake ( DM4 and DM6 , respectively ) , as they played a huge role in my decision to pursue a career in the games industry . A more recent single player focused example is the outstanding 'All Ghillied Up ' for Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare , a level in which you re-enact a past mission of your hard-nosed CO. All three of those levels would certainly qualify as classics among level designers , but by now that list has gotten pretty large ! ''
A craft refined
What we 've seen in the past ten years is very much a refinement of the level designer 's art . Great levels , in which everything is built to lead the experience , without ever betraying that to the player .
While a multiplayer deathmatch level might need to be essentially donut-shaped and circular ( so that players can move through the level to pick up weapons and not become trapped by their opponents ) , other game designs demand other kinds of environments : open levels that close down into corridors so you can perform specific objectives , for example , or the non-linear levels that allow you to explore but create paths so that you do n't get lost , such as in STALKER .
Ever notice how you get lost far less in modern games than in the games we saw a decade ago ? Probably not , because it 's such a subtle effect .
Level design in single-player games has become the art of sign-posting , which is about pointing people in the right directions with subtle visual aids : a light here , a blood trail there . As Alphonso mentions , this is all encoded within the architectures that designers create .
`` Levels like the original Halo 's 'Silent Cartographer ' have formed a sort of language that we can use to convey form , pacing , direction , and the other various aspects of level design , '' says the Brink level lead .
Level design is essentially a new frontier – a place where designers are learning to create artificial environments with constantly refreshed technology . What you learned two years ago might not be relevant in a couple of years time . It 's a huge challenge to stay on top .
However , what has driven the development of level-editing tools , says Alphonso , is less about this craft , and more about the commercial concerns of the people who make game engines .
Thirty-nine percent of Auckland 's population was born overseas , according to New Zealand 's 2013 census , an increase of two percentage points from the 2006 census . Between 1996 and 2013 , 36 percent of those who migrated to the city came from Asian countries , primarily China and India .
The Bank of New Zealand and Reinz reported in 2013 that eight percent of residential sales in New Zealand had been to “ people located offshore. ” But Ms. Milne said that figure did not account for the capital that comes from offshore through relatives of New Zealand residents .
“ We believe a lot of funding is coming through China , ” she said .
One property buyer , Joyce Wei , moved to Auckland from Shanghai in 2003 to study English . She stayed , she recalled , to study 3-D animation , in part because she loved “ The Lord of the Rings , ” the film trilogy that was filmed in New Zealand .
Image The interior of a unit in SugarTree , a development in central Auckland . Credit Patrick Reynolds
In 2013 , Ms. Wei 's parents moved permanently from China to join her , her husband and their two children . The family then purchased a four-bedroom house in Auckland 's Remuera suburb for 1.2 million dollars .
Ms. Wei , now a real estate agent and a New Zealand citizen , said Auckland 's pace of life was quieter than Shanghai 's , and its weather was similar but more temperate . “ It 's quite peaceful , ” she said over lunch at a Shanghai-style restaurant near her office .
Other buyers live in China but have children who study at Auckland colleges , said Pauline Gao , the publisher of NZ Property Investment & Building Guide , a Chinese-language publication with a circulation of 7,000 in New Zealand and 3,000 in mainland China . A typical buyer invests in several Auckland apartments and uses the returns to cover tuition .
“ The parents obviously love the concept , ” she said .
Buyers in Auckland , where the housing stock is mostly low-rise , have been slow to embrace high-rise living , and many downtown apartments were designed for students , said Mr. Brown of SugarTree . Construction of more upscale apartments was infrequent before the global financial crisis and stopped for several years after it , he said .
Infowars.com
March 9 , 2010
Editor 's note : Get Ventura 's book , American Conspiracy , that the libs at Huffington Post would rather you not read .
As I noted in an item yesterday , Jesse Ventura has a new book out , co-authored with Dick Russell , called American Conspiracies , which includes an excellent chapter on election fraud and its connection to the likely murder of Mike Connell .
Jesse Ventura is the former governor of Minnesota and author of several bestselling books , including Do n't Start the Revolution Without Me ! He lives in Dellwood , Minnesota and Baja , Mexico .
Well , this morning , Jesse had a front-page piece on 9/11 up at HuffPost : a front-page piece that quickly slipped off that front page — and then completely disappeared .
Here 's what you 'll find there now ( or will , until they take that down as well ) :
Jesse Ventura
Author , American Conspiracies
Posted : March 9 , 2010 11:00 AM
Editor 's Note : The Huffington Post 's editorial policy , laid out in our blogger guidelines , prohibits the promotion and promulgation of conspiracy theories — including those about 9/11 . As such , we have removed this post .
All that 's up there now are the comments left by 65 of HuffPost 's readers .
It 's worth noting that HuffPost already ran an excerpt from another chapter of American Conspiracies , about the US “ war on drugs , ” and they had no problem with that subject .
But this one is , as we all know , taboo . Clearly , even to question the official story of 9/11 is to engage in “ conspiracy theories ” ( as if the official story is not itself a “ conspiracy theory , ” and a preposterous one at that ) . Such is always the response of the US mainstream media ( the foreign media tends to be more open-minded ) — and it 's also the response of our left/liberal media , as this amazing act of censorship makes clear .
So here is the offending piece . Please read it ; and let 's all try to locate the particular points that are so obviously wild and baseless that HuffPost had to kill the whole piece insantly .
MCM
Huffington Post/Jesse Ventura – Article # 2 ( “ American Conspiracies ” )
WHAT REALLY HAPPENED ON SEPTEMBER 11TH ?
You did n't see anything about it in the mainstream media , but two weeks ago at a conference in San Francisco , more than one thousand architects and engineers signed a petition demanding that Congress begins a new investigation into the destruction of the three World Trade Center skyscrapers on 9/11 .
That 's right , these people put their reputations in potential jeopardy – because they do n't buy the government 's version of events . They want to know how 200,000 tons of steel disintegrated and fell to the ground in 11 seconds . They question whether the hijacked planes were responsible – or whether it could have been a controlled demolition from inside that brought down the Twin Towers and Building 7 .
Richard Gage , a member of the American Institute of Architects and the founder of Architects and Engineers for 9-11 Truth , put it like this : “ The official Federal Emergency Management [ Agency ] and National Institute of Standards and Technology reports provide insufficient , contradictory and fraudulent accounts of the circumstances of the towers ' destruction. ” He 's especially disturbed by Building 7 , whose 447 stories came down in “ pure free-fall acceleration ” that afternoon – even though it was never hit by an aircraft .
This is a subject I take up in my new book , American Conspiracies , published this week by Skyhorse . An excerpt follows :
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{ openx:49 }
Some people have argued that the twin towers went down , within a half hour of one another , because of the way they were constructed . Well , those 425,000 cubic yards of concrete and 200,000 tons of steel were designed to hold up against a Boeing 707 , the largest plane built at the time the towers were completed in 1973 . Analysis had shown that a 707 traveling at 600 miles an hour ( and those had four engines ) would not cause major damage . The twin-engine Boeing 757s that hit on 9/11 were going 440 and 550 miles an hour .
Still , we are told that a molten , highly intense fuel mixture from the planes brought down these two steel-framed skyscrapers . Keep in mind that no other such skyscraper in history had ever been known to collapse completely due to fire damage . So could it actually have been the result of a controlled demolition from inside the buildings ? I do n't claim expertise about this , but I did work four years as part of the Navy 's underwater demolition teams , where we were trained to blow things to hell and high water . And my staff talked at some length with a prominent physicist , Steven E. Jones , who says that a “ gravity driven collapse ” without demolition charges defies the laws of physics . These buildings fell , at nearly the rate of free-fall , straight down into their own footprint , in approximately ten seconds . An object dropped from the roof of the 110-story-tall towers would reach the ground in about 9.2 seconds . Then there 's the fact that steel beams that weighed as much as 200,000 pounds got tossed laterally as far as 500 feet .
The National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) started its investigation on August 21 , 2002 . When their 10,000-page-long report came out three years later , the spokesman said there was no evidence to suggest a controlled demolition . But Steven E. Jones also says that molten metal found underground weeks later is proof that jet fuel could n't have been all that was responsible . I visited the site about three weeks after 9/11 , with Governor Pataki and my wife Terry . It did n't mean anything to me at the time , but they had to suspend digging that day because they were running into heat pockets of huge temperatures . These fires kept burning for more than three months , the longest-burning structure blaze ever . And this was all due to jet fuel ? We 're talking molten metal more than 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit .
Probably the most conclusive evidence about a controlled demolition is a research paper ( two years , nine authors ) published in the peer-reviewed Open Chemical Physics Journal , in April 2009 . In studying dust samples from the site , these scientists found chips of nano-thermite , which is a high-tech incendiary/explosive . Here 's what the paper 's lead author , Dr. Niels Harrit of the University of Copenhagen 's chemistry department , had to say about the explosive that he 's convinced brought down the Twin Towers and the nearby Building 7 :
“ Thermite itself dates back to 1893 . It is a mixture of aluminum and rust-powder , which react to create intense heat . The reaction produces iron , heated to 2500 degrees Centigrade . This can be used to do welding . It can also be used to melt other iron . So in nano-thermite , this powder from 1893 is reduced to tiny particles , perfectly mixed . When these react , the intense heat develops much more quickly . Nano-thermite can be mixed with additives to give off intense heat , or serve as a very effective explosive . It contains more energy than dynamite , and can be used as rocket fuel. ” [ i ]
Richard Gage is one of hundreds of credentialed architects and structural engineers who have put their careers on the line to point out the detailed anomalies and many implications of controlled demolition in the building collapses . As he puts it bluntly : “ Once you get to the science , it 's indisputable . ”
The problems of a surveillance state become more obvious when you understand information as a resource that governments exploit .
`` And while governments have been on the wrong end of this information flattening , they 've also developed tools to make it work to their advantage . ''
One of the misleading ways in which governments frame debates involving national security is to pretend that they 're in the business of keeping secrets , and that information is either secret -- securely controlled within government -- or it is n't . In fact , governments are less interested in protecting secrets than in exploiting the value of information in their own interests . The obvious example for this is that official national security leaks by governments are a key tool of politics , while unofficial leaks are deemed criminal . The main difference between unofficial and official leaks is that there is considerable evidence that official leaks have caused direct harm to individuals and little evidence unofficial leaks have caused harm . Recall , for instance , leaks designed to demonise Mohamed Haneef here in Australia in 2007 . Last year , a US Congressional sub-committee detailed the serious harm resulting from a number of leaks made by Obama administration figures to favoured media outlets . Indeed , at its outset , the Obama administration leaked national security briefings to journalist Bob Woodward that revealed potentially damaging information . The leaking of highly classified intelligence was also a key part of the Bush administration 's fabrication of a casus belli for the invasion of Iraq , which a decade on now has a body count in the hundreds of thousands . In contrast , the harm from the material leaked by soldier Bradley Manning or NSA surveillance whistleblower Edward Snowden , persistently claimed by their critics and the US government , has never been demonstrated . Indeed , although the US government is still trying to prosecute Manning for aiding the enemy , senior officials admitted to Congress after The Guardian , The New York Times and WikiLeaks ran the diplomatic cables leaked by Manning that the main consequence was embarrassment for the United States , not actual harm . In short , information has value , and governments seek to exploit that value for political purposes , just as they use other resources for political purposes . It 's time we took the term `` information economy '' from bureaucrats , consultants and internet evangelists and used it to see information as an economic resource , and thus tried to understand how governments , corporations and individuals use it . The economics of information have undergone a radical change in the last 30 years , as digitisation and the internet shifted information distribution from a system based on grams per square inch and physical delivery to zeroes and ones and online delivery , which has made large amounts of information substantially less secure and massively easier and cheaper to store and distribute . This has flattened traditional information hierarchies that exploited the value of information , reducing the advantages large institutions have held over smaller ones and individuals , whether it was governments trying to keep secrets or media companies trying to maintain their gatekeeper status and business models in the face of internet search and filesharing.This wo n't have quite the disruptive effects of the invention of printing : the impacts of printing , which standardised and corrected texts , radically expanded the number of readers and writers , changed the way we absorb information and enabled a critical mass for permanent intellectual innovation , took hundreds of years to play out . The internet merely completes this process ; the availability of huge amounts of information online wo n't have the same impacts compared with 20th century literate culture as the availability of huge number of standardised books had compared with mediaeval manuscript and oral culture . And while governments have been on the wrong end of this information flattening , they 've also developed tools to make it work to their advantage . They 've created a literal information economy in which thousands of companies generate additional information for governments through surveillance , data aggregation and cybercrime ( the United States government is the world 's most successful cybercriminal ) . They 've exploited the physical and commercial bottlenecks of the internet -- undersea cables and the biggest software , search and social media providers -- to vacuum up internet data , filter it and aggregate it . Unlike corporations , governments tend not to monetise aggregated personal data , but nonetheless aggregation makes it more valuable for them , particularly in relation to the targeting of individuals who pose a threat . The nature of the threat -- whether it 's a terrorist who might undertake an attack , activists who might draw public attention to something governments are embarrassed about or offend significant corporate interests , or journalists who might subject governments to scrutiny -- is in this context irrelevant . This swings the information advantage back toward governments . Successive US administrations , and especially the Obama administration , have sought to hide this by keeping internet and phone surveillance as secret as possible , constructing an entire shadow legal system out of public or political gaze to wave through repeated extensions of surveillance powers ( in contrast , for example , Australia 's Senate has repeatedly waved through extensions to surveillance powers , but in full public view ) . This quest for secrecy has also been reinforced by a ruthless exploitation of the full legal powers of the US government to attack whistleblowers , activists and journalists . This secrecy was difficult to permanently maintain , even with senior officials willing to lie to Congress ; one whistleblower has revealed the vast nature of the shadow system , and now many in the US Congress are arguing that legislative limits have been exceeded , but it has held up for over a decade . * Tomorrow : if you take the logic of information as a resource seriously , you start to see the profound damage it can cause when coupled with profound secrecy
All Weekend Long
Thursday through Friday : Check out the lineup of live music at the Virginia Beach Oceanfront .
Thursday through Sunday : Catch School House Rocks at the Little Theatre of Virginia Beach . For a review of this show , go here .
Friday through Sunday : Find your special something at the Virginia Beach Convention Center during the Virginia Jewelry , Art , and Antiques Show .
Friday and beyond : See The Music Man at the Peninsula Community Theatre .
Saturday and Sunday : Enjoy the 30th Annual Unity Celebration , Gospelrama 2016 in Portsmouth .
This weekend and beyond : Check out the very busy calendar of offerings from the Norfolk Public Library .
Thursday
5-8pm : No one in Hampton Roads does heroes quite like Tidewater Comicon . Meet up with them for the Suicide Squad Premiere at Cinema Café Kemps River .
6pm : Grab the fam and head to the oceanfront for the Family Great Adventure Series . Fun starts at 6pm with the movie Big Hero 6 shown on the beach at 8:30pm . Hand out some fist-bumps .
6-9pm : For all of you Pokémon Go playin ' fools , enjoy Pokepalooza at Lafayette Park .
Friday
11:30am-12:30pm : Have an UnXpected Friday during Slover Sounds .
4-5pm : Take a load off during the Ranger Walk with Free Native Seeds at Paradise Creek Nature Park .
5-8pm : Enjoy the First Friday Concert Series with Amy Kaus and Derek Smith at the Portsmouth Art & Cultural Center .
5-8pm : Mike Proffitt Duo will entertain at Taste on Shore Drive .
5-8:30pm : Head out to First Friday in Norfolk to hear Roosterfoot . I hear they 're luckier than Rabbit 's foot . In addition to the live music , you can check out the Moses Myers House .
5:30-8:30pm : Grab a pint and hear Felicia Hoyos at Alewerks Brewing .
6-9pm : Head to Fridays @ the Fountain in Newport News to hear Wonderland .
6-9pm : Party like it 's 1989 with The Deloreans during Thursdays by the Lake at The Mariners ' Park .
6-9:30pm : Check out Cheap Thrills at the Suffolk TGIF Summer Concert Series .
6:30pm-2am : Head to Work Release for the DOMUS Exhibition Opening Night .
7-9pm : Catch Allen Hudson at Borjo .
7-8:30pm : Support history by attending the Norfolk Notable Tour at Elmwood Cemetery . There is a suggested $ 5 donation , but I hear a $ 10 donation keeps the ghosts from haunting you .
7:30pm : See RELLES , Ell-Oh-Ell , One Among Us , and One 80 Out at the Norva as a part of the AltDaily Concert Series .
8pm : 9.7 R & B Presents Date Night Live with Faith Evans , Carl Thomas , and Keke Wyatt at the Ted .
8pm-12am : Hear Jacob Vanko live at The Tailgate Sports Pub .
9pm-12am : The Garden with Moose will entertain at Back Bay Brewing .
10pm : Nothing is funnier than comedic competition . Check out Sketchmageddon ! The Ultimate Sketch Comedy Competition at the Push .
Saturday
7am : Grab those sneakers for the 2nd Annual Road Rage Coast Guard Cutter 10 & 5K .
9-10am : Join the Suffolk Public Library for the Book-It ! 5K and 1 Mile Fun Run .
9:30-10:30am : Stretch , drink , repeat at Poses & Pints at the Virginia Beer Company in Williamsburg .
10am-1pm : Celebrate the boobs that give life at the World Breastfeeding Week Celebration and Big Latch On at Portsmouth City Park .
10am-2pm : Shop ‘ til you drop at the Olde Town Antiques to Flea Market .
10am-5pm : Bravo for this event title . Get Your GeekCon is happening at the Slover Library .
11am-4pm : This just seems like a bad idea to me , but who knows ? Check out the Lawn Mower Races at the Gloucester Moose Lodge . Insurance sales should be easy prior to this event .
12-9pm : It 's Food Truck Frenzy at the Virginia Beer Company .
12-9pm : Celebrate the Grand Re-Opening of Brass Cannon Brewing in Williamsburg .
12-10pm : Check out Bikes & Brews with Norfolk Bicycle Works at O'Connor 's .
4-9pm : Car lovers , head to the Landstown Common Shopping Center for Cruise-In .
4pm-2am : Celebrate The Tailgate Sports Pub 's birthday . If they state shenanigans will be included , then there is no telling what they 're up to .
5pm : Mystic Warriors with Jared Rydelek will entertain at the Fountain Plaza at Town Center in VB .
5pm : Get thrown back to the 90s with DJ Bee & DJ Nado at Work Release .
6pm : Party at the Downtown Hampton Block Party with Randall Bramblett .
6-11pm : Swing on over to the Mambo Room for a social and lesson during the SingVASION Dance Party .
8pm : All 21 and up can hear Umbra , Pig Mountain , Celestial Stag , and AMARA at Norfolk Taphouse .
7pm : See Dancing with the Hampton Roads Celebrity Stars at the Sandler Center .
7pm : Enjoy the movie Cinderella ( 2015 ) at Portsmouth City Park .
7pm : Are you not entertained ? ! Then head to the Ted for SPARTYKA Fight League XXV .
8pm : Hear Filharmonic , a group of Filipino-American youngsters , at the Ferguson Center for the Arts .
8pm : See if they 're still Better Than Ezra as they take the Norva stage with Grant Austin Taylor .
8pm : Funnier than most movies in the theater , and half the price – check out the Double Feature : The Made Up Movie at the Push Comedy Theater .
9pm-2am : Hear Feral Conservatives , Azores , Herschel Hoover , and The Spells at Charlie 's .
9:30pm : Hear Kevin Mac at the Eagle 's Nest .
10-11:30pm : Pucker up for Lip Service ! The Ultimate Lip Syncing Competition at the Push .
Sunday
9am-3pm : Up for a little adventure for the end of your weekend ? Grab your tickets for the False Cape Expedition .
9:30am-1pm : Grab those bike pants for the Tour de ORF Bike Ride with Smartmouth .
12-2pm : Who We Are Not Trio will entertain at 5 Points Community Farm Market .
12-4pm : Celebrate the Grand Opening Event & National Farmer 's Market Week at St. Andrew Lutheran Church in Portsmouth .
2-9pm : Join O'Connor 's for the 3rd Annual Commonwealth Summer Picnic .
3pm : Amy Ferebee and Friends will serenade at Borjo .
5pm : Head to the VB Town Center for Polynesian Paradise Dancers by the fountain .
6-10pm : Get some Cheap Thrills at Murphy 's in Virginia Beach during the Endless Summer Patio Party .
7-9pm : Hear The Continentals during Big Bands on the Bay at Ocean View Park .
8-9:30pm : Grab your tickets for Beach Yoga , Singing Bowls , and Kirtan Gathering at 84th Street at the Oceanfront .
9pm-12am : Hear Two Cow Garages , Kepone Cowboys , and The Record Collection ( who sadly has nothing to do with cows ) at Norfolk Taphouse .
Facebook Comments
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Today I was lucky enough to get to visit the first Sprinkles location ever on a Disney property and taste some of their delectable offerings .
The cupcake bakery is having their official grand opening this Sunday May 15th in the new section of Disney Springs called Town Center . After the initial visit I can tell you all that I will definitely be back for more on Sunday !
Here are some cool facts you may not know about Sprinkles :
Sprinkles was the world 's first cupcake bakery !
Sprinkles founder , Candace Nelson , was a judge on all 10 seasons of Food Network 's “ Cupcake Wars . ”
Sprinkles at Disney Springs offers take-out and delivery ( no delivery too large for the team ! )
o Weddings , Baby Showers , Corporate Events , etc .
o Last minute cupcake emergency ? We can get you 1000 cupcakes within a couple hours . Easy peasy .
Sprinkle bakes up offerings for people with dietary restrictions
o * Gluten Free : Red Velvet Cupcakes , Chocolate Chip Cookies
o * Vegan : Mango Sorbet , Red Velvet Cupcakes
o * Sugar Free : Red Velvet Cupcakes
Since opening in 2005 , Sprinkles has donated over $ 7 million in cash and cupcakes to charitable organizations in our local communities and around the world . Since we bake fresh daily , we also donate all leftovers each night ( in Disney Springs to A Grateful Mind ) .
Sprinkle loves our four-legged friends and even bake up fresh doggie cupcakes !
Sprinkle offers incredible customization options… spell out a sweet message on cupcakes , woo a client by printing their logo on a cupcake sugar decoration or print a picture of your BFF on edible decorations for a lasting impact . Now let 's take a look at this new Disney Springs location . You can spot the Mickey Mouse touch as soon as you walk in . There are tons of different cupcakes to choose from but also ice cream , cookies and other yummy concoctions . Cupcake prices start at $ 4.95 each . Another fun thing about the bakery is the cupcake ATM machine that is available outside of the shop . Here you can purchase a cupcake between the hours of 8am-2am . During my visit I had the opportunity to try one of their ice cream and cupcake combos , salty caramel and coconut cupcakes . Coming from someone that is n't crazy about sweets , these cupcakes are divine ! The cupcakes really taste the flavor they are supposed to instead of just sugar which seems to be a main issue with desserts on Disney property . It does n't hurt that they come in a super cute box and tote too ! I 'm definitely going back on Sunday to try out some more ! You can also sign up to get a free cupcake HERE . Who is joining me ?
New York , NY - In the newsrooms , May Day promises to be a hot story , especially if Occupy Wall Street mounts its anticipated militant protests/strike and the police push back aggressively as they always tend to do .
TV 's `` action news '' mantra remains : `` when it leads , it bleeds '' . It was police violence that initially turned a minimised story into a dominant one . Protests that had been ignored - and later ridiculed - were suddenly newsworthy when authorities validated them by cracking down . The press thrives on conflict .
Most American media localises the conflicts and downplays the global nature of this movement as well .
The problem is that these confrontations can be a sideshow , presenting the movement only in terms of protest , and disruption . So far , most of the media has missed the underlying values and vision driving these new movements for change .
Ironic is n't it , that the American TV networks that spend so much time and money explaining party politics have such a hard time dealing with political ideas that do n't come with party labels attached to name politicians/personalities ?
Their parochialism narrows their reporting .
What 's in a reform ?
Occupy 's reluctance to spit out a list of prefabricated demands reflects an understanding that our system is broken , and unable to make even the most modest of reforms . By demanding dysfunctional and unrepresentative bodies to do what they are incapable of doing only provides them with the legitimacy they lack in the public eye .
At the same time , this belief can justify a `` nothing , or everything '' stance that is invariably short-sighted and all too typical in these movements . It leads to attitudes that are n't only anti reformist - but literally anti-reforms .
Reforms are helpful but more than that reforms are , in the eyes of many , essential .
Out of public view , the marches and street-fighting pose of the occupiers is not going away . But rather , it is being amplified , if not supplanted , by the efforts of more than a hundred work groups forming a kind of people 's think tank to consider a wide range of issues , ideas , proposals and alternatives .
These are activists who want to transform the system , not just be co-opted in it . They tend to avoid knee-jerk slogans because their goal is more fundamental institutional change , not superficial reform .
This `` revolution '' has encouraged a serious discourse on issues as desperate as how to hold more democratic elections , or replace too big to fail banks with more publicly accountable financial institutions , ending the Federal Reserve and totally overhauling the regulators at the SEC .
These may be reforms , true , but open the door to deeper change of a Wall Street dominated system that has so far defied even mild financial reforms .
Fault Lines - History of an occupation
In many ways , these groups have supplanted the General Assemblies whose super democratic structures make it easy for almost anyone to `` block '' decisions in interminably long meetings . Consensus may be considered a great goal but is also harder to achieve than many expect - and can lead to homogeneity , not diversity .
And this ferment is not just taking place inside Occupy , but in many supportive social movements who see a need to get out - in the US at least - of the two party money-driven electoral paradigm that often forces candidates to suck up to big donors and cleave to centrist conventional wisdom . Most are disgusted with choosing between the lesser of two evils .
Organising for change
One of the most promising initiatives in this intellectual/policy/idea realm is new and not well known yet . It 's called IOPS - the International Organisation for a Participatory Society . The word `` participatory '' was key in the sixties , used by SDS in the context of renewing democracy . The Occupy movement also used the phrase in its founding documents , and now IOPS is broadening its application as a principle of social transformation in the economy , social relations and politics .
IOPS is going beyond traditional politics to promote a deeper approach to making change . It was just founded this month and says its aim is `` to win a better world through flexibly exploring and advocating long term vision , building the seeds of the future in the present , empowering the lives of its members , organising in an internally classless and self-managing way , and winning improvements , now , in current society even as we constantly seek a new society for the future '' .
This network is currently `` interim '' but already has 1,400 members from 76 countries , building towards a founding convention . One of the earliest participants of the initiative is writer-philosopher-editor Michael Albert , who I first met when he was a fiery student activist at MIT in the late 1960s . It was there he built a close life-long friendship with Noam Chomsky , who has backed Albert 's work as an editor of Z Magazine and host of ZNet . Albert 's books , which focus on going `` beyond capitalism '' to participatory economics and participatory society , have many readers and advocates .
Z Magazine , produced with partner Lydia Sargant quickly expanded into a vast online global network called ZNet that also runs media training institutes for students who want to sharpen their skills . For example , one of its grads , Chris Spannos , now runs NYTeXaminer.com , a burgeoning website monitoring the New York Times , and I am sure many are involved in IOPS .
Each one teach one
If Adbusters in Canada helped inspire Occupy Wall Street , Z Communications seeks to link the movement to a more established body of theory and practice based on the belief that veteran activists should be passing on their knowledge , as well as learning from a new generation .
Chomsky : `` We were denied entry ''
It is significant that the 80+ year-old Noam Chomsky , a Z contributor , has `` rock star '' status in the movement and on many campuses . Chomsky , along with veteran journalist John Pilger and others , are on the IOPS consultative committee .
I asked Albert about IOPS and he explained that `` part of what will occur in IOPS is members enlarging their own awareness of options , developing their insights , etc ... and communicating all this to others . But , mainly , the aim is to grow and to develop programmes of activism that are national and international , uniting and helping provide overarching aims for activists in enlarging the numbers of people who are seriously and capably involved in conceiving and seeking a new world - not just verbally , or in thought , but by projects for change as well as construction of programmes and relations among people that embody the seeds of the future in the present '' .
I wondered if Albert thought global political elites would pay attention ? He replied , `` If you mean would exist elites see IOPS as some kind of worthy ally in enacting policies , no - not at all . IOPS will be seen as an enemy by existing elites in societies around the world because IOPS is about eliminating the conditions that make them elites . ''
As I read their defining documents at the IOPS site , it was clear that it is about redefining economic , political , and social relations so that all people have control over their own lives , as well as equitable means to live them well and fully .
I wondered about IOPS programmes , and in reply , Albert suggested that `` Creating a programme , in general terms , is not really all that complex . The difficulties arise in particular contexts . So , what does one want in the long term ? What does one want that can sustain sufficient desire and support to be attainable in the shorter run ? How do we demand and seek those short run gains in ways that add to the long run prospects ? ''
And he elaborated , `` for example , in the fight - for peace now , for a shorter work week , for immediate economic redistribution , for different investment policies , for affirmative action , for daycare and medical care more generally , for immigrant rights , for an end to drones , for new energy policies , and on and on - how do we act so as to yield enlarged and enriched consciousness in society broadly and in activists , so that people want still more and understand the parameters of seeking it , and how do we act in ways that yield new organisation , new commitments , and new mechanisms so we do not just celebrate immediate victories and go home ? ''
When I asked if IOPS was modeled on other past efforts , Albert replied that IOPS arose `` from a long line of activism stretching back to the new left movements of the sixties , and further still '' .
Since it emerged online , I asked if it is going to only be digital or will morph into a transnational and face-to-face movement . Albert responded that `` there is , now , a website - digital - making it easy to learn about IOPS , and , if interested , to join it . ''
But . Albert emphasised , that `` the aim is that IOPS will have face-to-face chapters in cities , and when it gets big enough , even multiple chapters in cities , which will in turn be federated into city and then national chapters , and then in turn federated into the international organisation '' .
You can read more on their website , but agree or not , this is certainly an ambitious building block for what may become a new and far more focused , and , perhaps , better organised , movement that could incorporate , even go beyond Occupy Wall Street . IOPS seeks to answer that big question we have seen so many times in the media : `` what do these people want ? ''
News Dissector Danny Schechter blogs daily at newsdissector.net . His new books are Blogothon and Occupy : Dissecting Occupy Wall Street . He hosts a weekly radio program on Progressive Radio Network ( PRN.fm ) ( Disclosure : ZNET has picked up some of my opeds . ) Comments to dissector @ mediachannel.org
Follow him on Twitter : @ dissectorevents
A
s planned , Linux creator Linus Torvalds has officially released the Linux 4.8 kernel after the eight Release Candidate . This means that you can visit the Linux kernel website and download the latest version . Interestingly , Linus codenamed 4.8.0 kernel as “ Psychotic Stoned Sheep . ”
In his announcement post , Linus mentions that last Release Candidate did n't come with many changes . “ which maybe means that I could probably just have skipped rc8 after all . Oh well , no real harm done , ” he adds .
Before going ahead and listing the best features of Linux 4.8 kernel , let me remind you that the merge window for 4.9 kernel is open . Linus plans to pull the requests right away and finalize the next release . For those who do n't know , Linux 4.9 kernel is the next LTS kernel branch .
10 Best features of Linux 4.8 kernel
The release announcement summarizes the notable changes since the rc8 as a mix of arch fixes , drivers , and generic code . Below is the list of the best features of the Linux 4.8 kernel release :
AMDGPU OverDrive support for overclocking AMD graphic cards NVIDIA Pascal support , which includes only initial support Raspberry Pi 3 SoC supported by mainline kernel ACPI Low-Power Idle support HDMI CEC support after years of development Btrfs ENOSPC improvement Hardened usercopy protection ASLR for kernel memory sections Microsoft Surface 3 touch support Intel Virtual Button driver for Skylake laptops
Users can download the latest Linux 4.8 kernel from the kernel.org website . Read the release announcement here
Did you find this article helpful ? Do n't forget to drop your feedback in the comments section below .
Also Read : Mintbox Mini Pro : A Cheap Linux Machine With Compelling Specs
A University of Central Florida adjunct psychology professor wo n't be allowed to teach at the school anymore after he was accused of selling grades for charity donations , recently released school documents show .
Kenneth Vehec , 57 , who taught at UCF off and on starting in 2003 , called the situation a misunderstanding .
`` That would never occur in my class , '' he told the Orlando Sentinel . `` This idea of selling grades is abhorrent to me . ''
In December , the university received an ethics hotline complaint from an anonymous student who said Vehec told his psychology students they could receive an automatic 100 percent grade on the final five-page paper if they donated $ 100 to a fundraiser for his teaching assistant 's sorority .
The sorority ran a poker tournament to raise money for St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital in Memphis .
The students had another chance to skip the final paper if they donated $ 25 in November , the report said .
CAPTION UCF President Dale Whittaker 's wife and daughter make public statements before the Board of Trustees urging them to retain him . UCF President Dale Whittaker 's wife and daughter make public statements before the Board of Trustees urging them to retain him . CAPTION UCF President Dale Whittaker 's wife and daughter make public statements before the Board of Trustees urging them to retain him . UCF President Dale Whittaker 's wife and daughter make public statements before the Board of Trustees urging them to retain him . CAPTION UCF President Dale Whittaker resigned `` to end punitive measures and threats . '' Is it enough ? UCF President Dale Whittaker resigned `` to end punitive measures and threats . '' Is it enough ? CAPTION Former UCF President Dale Whittaker will be going on sabbatical for the next nine months while receiving 85 percent of his salary in biweekly payments , which is $ 356,895 , among other perks in a proposed settlement agreement . Former UCF President Dale Whittaker will be going on sabbatical for the next nine months while receiving 85 percent of his salary in biweekly payments , which is $ 356,895 , among other perks in a proposed settlement agreement . CAPTION The UCF Board of Trustees will consider approving President Dale Whittaker 's resignation on Thursday . The UCF Board of Trustees will consider approving President Dale Whittaker 's resignation on Thursday . CAPTION College of business students complain about reduced seat time courses College of business students complain about reduced seat time courses
Vehec said he teaches a large lecture class , so his style is to get his students more engaged by encouraging them to become involved in their communities .
`` I would never do anything to cause the university damage or harm , '' Vehec said . `` That 'd be the farthest thing in my mind . ''
The university determined Vehec allowed his students to make charity donations to satisfy their academic requirements for his class , the report said .
The school report does n't say how many students gave money .
`` Dr. Vehec was counseled that his behavior was inappropriate , '' the Dec. 7 report said . `` He will not be given adjunct teaching duties in the future . ''
Vehec told the Sentinel he had planned to take a semester off from UCF anyway because of a busy schedule .
The NAACP is warning African-American travelers to be careful when they fly with American Airlines .
In an advisory late Tuesday , the organization said it has noticed `` a pattern of disturbing incidents reported by African-American passengers , specific to American Airlines . ''
The NAACP cited four examples of black passengers who it said were forced to give up their seats or were removed from flights .
It said the incidents `` suggest a corporate culture of racial insensitivity and possible racial bias '' and advised travelers to exercise caution .
`` Booking and boarding flights on American Airlines could subject them [ to ] disrespectful , discriminatory or unsafe conditions , '' the advisory said .
Related : Get ready for a more militant NAACP
American Airlines ( AAL ) CEO Doug Parker said in a memo to staff that the company was `` disappointed '' to hear about the NAACP warning .
`` We fly over borders , walls and stereotypes to connect people from different races , religions , nationalities , economic backgrounds and sexual orientations , '' Parker wrote in the memo , which the company released to reporters . `` We do not and will not tolerate discrimination of any kind . ''
He said the airline has reached out to the NAACP to meet with them . NAACP President Derrick Johnson had called for a meeting with the airline 's leadership .
Related : NAACP issues its first statewide travel advisory , for Missouri
The NAACP warning referenced four examples , including one involving a black woman who was removed from a New York-bound flight after she complained that her seat was changed without her consent .
Though the woman was not identified by the NAACP , she spoke to CNNMoney about the incident .
That woman , Tamika Mallory , said she had gotten into a heated exchange earlier this month with a gate attendant at the Miami airport who she described as `` very disrespectful '' and `` very dismissive . '' Mallory said she told the attendant that she would file a report about the incident .
Mallory , a civil rights activist and the co-chair of the Women 's March on Washington , said the pilot of the aircraft , a white man , witnessed the end of the encounter and pulled her aside .
`` The first words to come out the pilot 's mouth to me are , 'Respect is a two-way street , ' '' she said , adding that he asked her whether she could behave herself on the flight .
Mallory said she told him there would be no issue and boarded the plane . She said she sat quietly for 10 minutes before being asked to get up and leave .
As she left , Mallory said , she saw the pilot again .
`` He looks at me and points and says , 'Yeah , her . Off . ' ''
Mallory said she told an NAACP board member about the incident and tweeted details from her encounter with the pilot .
Only reason this pilot got involved was to assert his white male power over who he thought was just some uppity black girl . That 's it . — Tamika D. Mallory ( @ TamikaDMallory ) October 15 , 2017
Since then , she said many people have told her their own stories about similar incidents .
`` Some of them are actually friends of mine , '' Mallory said . She added they `` have felt that there is a level of aggression in terms of how people , particularly black women , are being handled on these flights . ''
The NAACP listed the four examples but it did not provide the names of the passengers or say when the events are alleged to have taken place .
In one other case , the NAACP said a black woman and her baby were removed from a flight from Atlanta to New York after she asked for their stroller to be retrieved from checked baggage before she left the plane .
Another allegation described an incident involving a black woman who had booked first-class tickets for herself and a white companion . At the ticket counter , the black woman was moved to coach , while her traveling partner was allowed to stay in first class , the NAACP said .
And on a different occasion , on a flight from Washington , D.C. , to Raleigh-Durham , North Carolina , a black man was forced to give up his seat after he `` responded to disrespectful and discriminatory comments directed toward him by two unruly white passengers , '' according to the NAACP .
American Airlines did not comment on the specific allegations .
Mallory said a meeting with American `` is being worked on . '' She added that she hopes the company can be a potential leader in addressing these issues .
`` I think that the company has continuously put out statements about their commitment to diversity , and their commitment to treating all of their passengers the same , '' she said .
`` And I think that a statement is good . But if your personnel is not carrying out that vision , then there 's a problem . And there has to be accountability mechanisms in place to ensure that if we see a pattern , that we 've got to address it . ''
The NAACP is asking people who have concerns about their travel with American or other airlines to report their experiences to the organization .
Johnson said the NAACP 's `` growing list of incidents ... involves behavior that can not be dismissed as normal or random . ''
In August , the organization issued a travel advisory for Missouri , citing several discriminatory incidents in the state as reasons for individual visitors to travel with `` extreme caution . ''
It said at the time that the Missouri advisory was the first ever issued by the organization , at the state or national level .
Edward Bernays set out to experiment with the minds of the popular classes . His most dramatic experiment was to persuade women to smoke .
At that time ( 1920s ) , there was a taboo against women smoking and one of his early clients George Hill , the President of the American Tobacco corporation asked Bernays to find a way of breaking it .
As Bernays descirbed , Hill told him that tobacco industry was losing half of the market , because men have invoked a taboo against women smoking in public . Then he asked him if he could do anything about it .
Bernays said he would think about it and asked the permission to see a psychoanalyst to find out what cigarettes mean to women . So he called up Dr. Brille . A.A. Brille was the leading psychoanalyst in New York at the time and one of the first psychoanalysts in America . And for a large fee , he told Bernays that cigarettes were a symbol of the penis and of male sexual power . He told Bernays that if he could find a way to connect cigarettes with the idea of challenging male power then women would smoke , because then they would have their own penises .
Every year New York held an Easter day parade to which thousands came . And Bernays decided to stage an event there . He persuaded a group of rich debutants to hide cigarettes under their clothes .
Then , they should join the parade and at a given signal from him they were to light up the cigarettes dramatically . Bernays then informed the press that he had heard that a group of suffragettes is preparing to protest by lighting up what they called torches of freedom .
He knew this would be an outcry , and he knew that all of the photographers would be there to capture this moment so he was ready with a phrase which was “ torches of freedom ” .
So here you have a symbol , women , young women , debutantes , smoking a cigarette in public with a phrase that means anybody who believes in this kind of equality pretty much has to support them in the ensuing debate about this , because ... “ torches of freedom ” .
If one think about it , what 's on all American coins ? it 's liberty , she 's holding up the torch . And so all of this is there together , there 's emotion , there 's memory and there 's a rational phrase , even knowing it 's using a lot of emotionall , it 's a phrase that works in a rational sense .
The next day this was not just in all the New York papers it was across the United States and around the world . And from that point forward the sale of cigarettes to woman began to rise .
What Bernays had created was the idea that if a woman smoked it made her more powerful and independent . An idea that still persists today . It made him realize that it was possible to persuade people to behave irrationally if you link products to their emotional desires and feelings . The idea that smoking actually made women freer , was completely irrational . But it made them feel more independent . It meant that irrelevant objects could become powerful emotional symbols of how you wanted to be seen by others .
____________________________________________________________________
When I book a room on Airbnb , I find myself adopting a weird persona . Airbnb Judith uses a lot of exclamation marks . She is jolly , friendly and very quick to respond to messages . She is so easy-going that she ignores building sites and weird smells to be kind about her hosts . Airbnb Judith is a dream ! ! !
I feel slightly ridiculous doing this , but the thing is , I ca n't help but care about my rating . On Airbnb , hosts and guests give feedback on each other , and if I give a host a bad rating , I fear they will give me the same treatment . It 's the same with Uber : I constantly give cash tips to drivers to improve the chances of them giving me five stars , even if I think they only deserve two .
This is partly a pragmatic thing , to make sure I can always get Ubers and Airbnbs fast . But there 's also part of me that ca n't help feeling these reciprocal ratings reflect something about my actual value as a person — the same part that is still smarting from a low mark for “ dress ” from my work experience employers , aged 15 .
I thought of this recently when watching the first episode , Nosedive , of Charlie Brooker 's new series Black Mirror . This is the dystopian sci-fi series , newly moved to Netflix . Spoiler alert : what I 'm about to say wo n't ruin the ending of the episode , but it will contain a few giveaways about the middle .
Podcast FT Money Show Claer Barrett and guests discuss how the dystopian future of hit Netflix show Black Mirror could soon be a reality of our personal finances ( sort of )
In Nosedive , people rate each other , as they do on Airbnb , Uber , Lyft and so on . But in Charlie Brooker 's alternative universe , they do so constantly . Every human interaction , whether with a friend , colleague or barista , triggers a rating , which in turn sends your publicly visible average up or down .
At the start of the show , the protagonist , Lacie , appears insane in her obsession with ratings . With the demeanour of a deranged cheerleader , she adopts flawless pastel dress and a hysterically upbeat manner ; her day-to-day life is like Instagram in the real world .
But viewers soon realise she has sensible reasons for focusing much of her life on achieving a higher rating . Not only do ratings determine your access to shared cars and holiday homes , they also are a gateway — or a bar — to jobs , homes , bank accounts , flights and even healthcare .
Related article How Airbnb has lost its soul It was the epitome of the sharing economy — but then money got in the way
Lacie 's weird world is not so far from the truth . In China , a planned “ social credit ” system aims to use big data and algorithms to assess the “ honesty ” and “ trustworthiness ” of citizens by 2020 . According to a report in the Washington Post , this system envisages a single score for each person , which will be affected by factors as diverse as missed loan payments , failing to care for one 's parents or criticising the government . Such black marks might result in bans from upmarket hotels or the first-class sections of planes , or from travelling abroad — exactly the kinds of restrictions Lacie faces in Black Mirror when her rating plummets .
This system faces political barriers even in authoritarian China . But life in democratic countries is creeping in a similar direction .
Online reviews can make or break a business — the Competition and Markets Authority found that £23bn a year of consumer spending is influenced by them — yet there are often weak or no systems in place to ensure they are genuine . Credit analytics companies are testing the use of social media profiles to determine whether banks should offer loans . Meanwhile , social media vilification , as Jon Ronson documents in his book So You 've Been Publicly Shamed , can make a person unemployable , even when their original offence was relatively minor .
True , the old-school ways of determining creditworthiness , or whether a person deserves other services , can also be unaccountable . A phantom £20,000 debt invented by a credit-rating agency almost undermined my mortgage application ; consumers have been driven to take cases to the Supreme Court and change names in the effort to clear their credit files . But is a jury of our peers any better as a judge of how trustworthy we are ? Social media witch-hunts like that of Lindsey Stone , who lost her job and suffered a year of deep depression because of online vilification over a goofy Facebook photo , suggest we may not be .
In the fictional world of Black Mirror , high ratings meant a better standard of living
Mercifully , there are barriers to the uncontrolled spread of peer ratings as a way to determine a person 's worth . One is growing public consciousness of digital privacy . Facebook in 2015 restricted external companies ' use of its data because of users ' unease over how their information was being deployed ; moves like this suggest that other apps would not face an easy ride if they wanted to share ratings information , for example . We heard this week that the UK insurer Admiral was testing a system that analyses people 's Facebook posts to determine the level of their car insurance premiums — only for the scheme to be scuppered by privacy concerns on the part of the social network .
Another limiting factor is that peer-to-peer rating systems are subject to patterns that make them less useful than they might seem . According to an academic study released in 2015 , entitled “ A First Look at Online Reputation on Airbnb , Where Every Stay is Above Average ” , almost 95 per cent of Airbnb properties have an average rating of either 4.5 or the maximum 5 stars , while almost none come in below 3.5 stars . The same was not true on TripAdvisor , where guests rate hosts but not vice versa , and the range of ratings is much broader .
The researchers pointed out that the high average ratings might be partly due to bad hosts improving their properties or quitting the platform . But they also note the likelihood that “ sociological factors ” are at play , including the fear of revenge ratings and “ herding behaviour ” around existing scores . In other words , it is thanks to ratings obsessives like me that such systems may not be such a data gold mine after all .
Judith Evans is the FT 's property correspondent . Email : judith.evans @ ft.com . Twitter : @ JudithREvans
A few weeks ago , Breaking News brought LinuxJournal.com readers an unusual story , entitled `` The Blue Screen of Megadeath , '' which we described as `` scar [ ing ] the living daylights out of us . '' The story revealed that , in an effort to cut costs , all submarines of the UK 's Royal Navy — including her four Vanguard-class subs armed with some 4,800 kilotons of nuclear weapons each — had been fitted with a stripped-down version of Windows XP . Now , just weeks later , fresh news out of the Admiralty suggests we were more on target — no pun intended — than even we knew .
We would be fibbing if we denied that we here at Breaking News are prone to a bit of hyperbole — quite a lot , even — but the story of the blue-screen-boom-boom-boats drew more than a few chuckles from our readers . We were prepared to admit that perhaps our crystal ball had a crack or two in it , until this morning , when we ran across an item out of Portsmouth , Hampshire ( UK ) — a traditional stronghold for the Senior Service and home to such distinguished naval relics as HMS Victory , Lord Nelson 's flagship . According to Portsmouth 's The News , the Royal Navy — the same one we were assured was safe with Windows — has come down with a virus , leaving up to 75 % of the Navy 's ships with crippled communications .
Admiralty officials are remaining tight-lipped on the exact details , with spokesmen confirming that the NavyStar network — which provides internet and email not only for the personal use of seamen , but for ships systems as well — has been infected , but insisting that weapons and navigation are unaffected . Sailors on board affected ships have been allowed to use their mobile phones to stay in contact with friends and family , and have used the opportunity to report on the status onboard . One described the situation as `` utter chaos , '' and noted that due to the lack of email , when the ship stopped to pick up cadets en-route to Liverpool , the crew had no way of determining how many were to come aboard .
Mike Hancock , a Member of Parliament for Portsmouth South and Commons Defense Select Committee member , told The News `` It is truly frightening to think that a virus can spread this far and this fast through the network . It was an expensive system to build for what is supposed to be one of the most secure sectors . '' He also noted the effect on sailor morale , as email and internet access has become crucial for contact with families and obtaining information about happenings off-board . Adding insult to injury , the glitch came just as a report critical of the Ministry of Defence was released by the Public Accounts Committee , chastising the Ministry for breakdowns in data security , saying in part `` The Department currently has an undesirable record on data security when it should be amongst the best in government . ''
If the affected system is , as Mr. Hancock suggests , supposed to be `` one of the most secure '' onboard the Navy 's ships , then one has to wonder how far off the predictions of disaster and doom associated with Windows for Warships really were . We , more than anyone , want to be wrong in predicting the end of the world , but with 75 % of ships unable to phone home , we 're left wondering if a name change — to Newstradamus — might be in order .
PISCATAWAY -- Apparently , Chris Ash knows how to ace a job interview .
Rutgers Athletics Director Pat Hobbs acknowledged just that last December , when he said his introduction with Ash was `` the single best interview '' that he 's had with `` any individual '' in `` 25 years in higher education . ''
Ash , of course , got the Rutgers head coaching job and Hobbs recently said he has no regrets .
`` He 's exceeding expectations , '' Hobbs told NJ Advance Media in July . `` He 's an incredibly intense , driven individual , which is exactly the type of person Rutgers needs right now . ''
Long before he interviewed for the Rutgers job , Ash met Michigan coach Jim Harbaugh for a job interview . The two coaches will match wits Saturday , 7 p.m. , in a Big Ten East Division clash at High Point Solutions Stadium .
While Ash and Harbaugh have morphed into rivals as they 've gone head-to-head on the recruiting trail for some of New Jersey 's best prospects over the last 10 months , it was a decade ago that Ash sat across from Harbaugh in an interview for a job at Stanford .
Harbaugh remembers it well .
`` He really stood out , '' Harbaugh said Tuesday , when asked by NJ Advance Media during the Big Ten media teleconference for his recollection of that interview with Ash . `` He was very , very well prepared and had his entire coaching philosophy laid out , he had video clips , drill clips , he was very impressive . ''
Ash recalls interviewing with Harbaugh
For his part , Ash did n't know exactly when the interview took place but said it was during his time as coaching the defensive backs at San Diego State from 2007-08 .
`` ( He 's a ) guy I have a lot of respect for , followed his career , '' Ash said , referring to Harbaugh . `` He started his head coaching career in the Pioneer Football League at the University of San Diego and that 's where I cut my teeth in coaching , at Drake . San Diego and Drake played each other . ''
Harbaugh said it was Ash 's former boss , ex-Drake head coach Rob Ash ( no relation ) , who recommended the now Rutgers coach for a job on his Stanford staff .
`` I remember being very , very impressed , '' Harbaugh said . `` He was right there for the job and I think he ended up second , because I did n't hire him . But obviously he has proved to be a phenomenal coach . And it 's no surprise . ''
And , in a statement that echoes what Hobbs said during Ash 's introductory press conference at Rutgers , Harbaugh added : `` I remember that interview being one of the finer interviews that I 've ever been involved in . ''
These days , Harbaugh is busy preparing his Michigan team to face Ash 's Scarlet Knights .
`` There 's no question ... the ( Rutgers ) football team is playing hard , they 're well-coached , '' Harbaugh said . `` You can really see it being built . And not just building , they 're attacking at the same time . It 's solid , and we 're in the midst of the preparations right now but I 've been impressed .
`` I know it 'll be a task for our football team going on the road for the first time and playing a team that 's like us . They are like us in a lot of respects . ''
Keith Sargeant may be reached at ksargeant @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @ KSargeantNJ . Find NJ.com Rutgers Football on Facebook .
Here we are twenty episodes in and this is jam packed with fun . Your fearless panel of knuckdraggers wade our way through happenings in New Eden , both upcoming and slightly before the podcast was done . Zao was unable to make the show but our good friend Fintarue hosted us on his twitch stream located at http : //www.twitch.tv/fintarue . Thanks Fin !
Our panel for this episode includes cast members Kyle , Random , Zealot , Ashterothi and special guest , Telegram Sam from Pod and Planet .
We start with the introductions and what we 've done in EVE . Zealot poses the question of “ should he , or should n't he ” go with a T3 cruiser in the Noob Segment .
Telegram Sam gets grilled on the details of the Pod and Planet Fiction Contest and Random spills about the upcoming ( now long done ) Battle of the Podcasters-Beard vs. Bob , against Tumbles Goodness of Fly Reckless . ( I 'll give you a hint , it was a lot of fun and despite the idiotic mistakes , the Beard won out . )
Ash talks about a Nightmare in New Eden , an upcoming Tama event on Halloween where people are cordially invited to pummel on a Nightmare . But beware , there is a time limit !
Contact us at HighDragPodcast @ gmail.com for any questions , comments or submissions !
Also , please rate us on iTunes and Stitcher ! This allows us exposure to anyone looking for an EVE based podcast and we really want to beat out Crossing Zebras… 😉
Links for Pod and Planet :
https : //forums.eveonline.com/default.aspx ? g=posts & t=285312 & find=unread
http : //hullabalutions.blogspot.com/
Music in this episode from :
Burning For You by Blue Oyster Cult
Paperback Writer by the Beatles
Velcro Fly by ZZ Top
https : //highdrag.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/nighmares-and-writers-and-bears-oh-my.mp3
Nightmares and Writers and Bears , Oh my !
I thought DFH bloggers were supposed to have the corner on that kind of language :
`` Now , listen , I 've voted ‘ present ' two or three times in my entire 25-year political career , where there might have been a conflict of interest and I did n't feel like I should vote , '' Boehner said . `` In Congress , we have a red button , a green button and a yellow button , alright . Green means ‘ yes , ' red means ‘ no , ' and yellow means you 're a chicken shit . And the last thing we need in the White House , in the oval office , behind that big desk , is some chicken who wants to push this yellow button . ''
Boehner also famously said that Nancy Pelosi would be `` hanged '' by the American people , called the Senate compromise immigration bill a `` piece of shit , '' and urged his GOP colleagues to get off their `` dead asses . ''
Where 's Lanny Davis when you need him ?
Boehner may be out of his leadership position soon . Maybe he and Goldfarb are competing for a coveted post-election gig dribbling cheetoz with the rest of the paintball commandos at RedState ?
Ryan Flanagan , CTV Kitchener
Waterloo Region 's tech sector is growing faster than that of any other community in Canada and all but one in the United States , a new report says .
The report , which measures tech talent across various communities , comes from commercial real estate firm CBRE .
It found that the region added 8,400 tech jobs between 2011 and 2016 – giving it a 65.6 per cent growth rate , higher than any other market in North America except for Charlotte , N.C .
In addition , the report found that the region led Canada in year-over-year job growth between 2015 and 2016 .
“ Waterloo Region continues to show its strength as one of Canada 's top tech markets and a major engine of innovation for the Canadian economy , ” CBRE Canada executive managing director Paul Morassutti said in a news release .
“ Even after the fall of BlackBerry … the region continues to benefit from clustering of the high-tech industry . ”
The report found that Waterloo Region led Canada in labour quality – based on having experienced engineers and designers with degrees from top schools – and in having the lowest rent prices for office space among the 10 markets studied .
Toronto was ranked as having the most tech jobs of any community in the report . Between 2011 and 2016 , the city added 32 per cent more talent to its tech sector , or 51,300 jobs in the industry .
A total of 138,300 tech sector jobs were added across Canada over the same timespan .
SAN DIEGO ( CNS ) - San Diego and Chula Vista were ranked among the top 11 happiest cities in the U.S. Monday by WalletHub , a personal finance website .
The rankings of the 150 most populous municipalities were based on a variety of data that were summed up in the categories of emotional and physical well-being , income and employment , and community and environment .
San Diego ranked seventh overall , scoring well in emotional and physical well-being , and income and employment , but just 40th in community and environment , according to WalletHub . Chula Vista was 11th , with high marks in emotional and physical well-being , and community and environment .
California dominated the top of the list , with eight of the top 10 cities and 13 of the first 20 .
PHOTOS : 20 happiest places to live in the U.S .
Fremont , a Bay Area suburb located between San Jose and Oakland , was ranked first by WalletHub , followed by San Jose , Irvine , San Francisco and Sioux Falls , South Dakota . The `` most unhappy '' cities , according to WalletHub , are Detroit ; Cleveland ; Augusta , Georgia ; Birmingham , Alabama ; and Toledo , Ohio .
Detailed criteria included depression and suicide rates , sports participation , obesity , life expectancy , income growth , poverty , commute times , population increases , separation and divorce , weather and acres of parkland .
The data was collected from numerous sources , among them the U.S. Census Bureau , Bureau of Labor Statistics , U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , Feeding America , The Trust for Public Land and TripAdvisor , according to WalletHub .
DNSSEC extends DNS with a public-key infrastructure , providing compatible clients with cryptographic assurance for DNS records they obtain , even in the presence of an active network attacker . As with many Internet protocol deployments , administrators deciding whether to deploy DNSSEC for their DNS zones must perform cost/benefit analysis . For some fraction of clients—those that perform DNSSEC validation—the zone will be protected from malicious hijacking . But another fraction of clients—those whose DNS resolvers are buggy and incompatible with DNSSEC—will no longer be able to connect to the zone . Deploying DNSSEC requires making a cost-benefit decision , balancing security for some users with denial of service for others .
We have performed a large-scale measurement of the effects of DNSSEC on client name resolution using an ad network to collect results from over 500,000 geographically-distributed clients . Our findings corroborate those of previous researchers in showing that a relatively small fraction of users is protected by DNSSEC-validating resolvers . And we show , for the first time , that enabling DNSSEC measurably increases end-to-end resolution failures . For every 10 clients that are protected from DNS tampering when a domain deploys DNSSEC , approximately one ordinary client ( primarily in Asia ) becomes unable to access the domain .
A new report from the Census Bureau showed a total of 108,592,000 people were on some sort of means-tested government benefits program in the fourth quarter of 2011 , yet only 101,716,000 people were employed full-time for the entire year .
A individual counted as a beneficiary of a means-tested program if they resided in a household where someone received benefits .
Means-tested benefits programs are the second-largest category of government spending . The government spends more on these programs than public education and defense spending . From a Heritage Foundation report :
The 69 means-tested programs operated by the federal government provide a wide variety of benefits . They include : 12 programs providing food aid ; 10 housing assistance programs ; 10 programs funding social services ; 9 educational assistance programs ; 8 programs providing cash assistance ; 8 vocational training programs ; 7 medical assistance programs ; 3 energy and utility assistance programs ; and , 2 child care and child development programs .
Programs such as Social Security , unemployment insurance , workers compensation , and veterans benefits are not considered to be `` means tested , '' so recipients of those benefits are not included in the 108,592,000 figures .
Clearly , this is a huge problem . A country can not survive if its citizens are not willing or able to work . In 35 states welfare pays better than an actual job . This is what we call an `` incentive '' -- and the U.S. is incentivizing people to not work . Why would a person actually get a job if they could be paid more to stay home ? In Pennsylvania , a single woman with children working a job that pays $ 29,000 a year actually receives $ 57,345 in total income when benefits are factored in . Conversely , if the woman were to work a job that paid $ 69,000 a year , her net pay after taxes is only $ 57,045 .
If the woman were to make more than her $ 29,000 salary , she would miss out in nearly $ 30,000 in government benefits . Short of winning the lottery or developing some sort of hot product , a person 's income is not going to increase rapidly from $ 29,000 to $ 69,000 . This is referred to as the `` welfare cliff . '' There is no incentive for the woman to better her life and stop receiving welfare .
This is a major problem with how means-tested benefits are distributed in the United States , yet nobody is actually doing anything about it . The amount of people on SNAP ( food stamps ) has nearly doubled since 2006 , despite the economic recovery . This is not good .
Disability claims are also at record highs . Even 60 Minutes thought those numbers were suspicious and did an investigation about it . The system is being gamed .
If American welfare recipients were counted as a country , they would be the 12th largest in the world .
This is not change we can believe in .
.- Christians who are criticizing government action against churches are facing pressure from Sudan 's National Intelligence and Security Services .
“ They told me not to talk about the demolition of churches or the two church leaders who are in jail , ” Rev . Mubarak Hamad , chairman of Sudan 's Council of Churches , told Radio Tamazuj , a broadcaster in Sudan and South Sudan .
The Sudanese government plans to demolish 25 church buildings in and near the capital of Khartoum , which it says were built on illegal lands which are zoned for other uses . The targeted churches include both Catholic and Protestant buildings .
The order to demolish the churches was made in June 2016 . Government officials notified several congregations in September to vacate their property .
Christian officials have challenged the claims , saying the properties were legally obtained and have legal titles .
“ This is not an isolated act but should be taken with wider perspective , ” Yahia Abdelrahim Nalu , moderator of the Sudan Presbyterian Evangelical Church 's Sudan Evangelical Synod , told Morning Star News last month .
One Christian critic of the demolitions plan , Milad Musa , is allegedly facing retaliation . The security services have required him to report to their offices from 6 a.m. to midnight since Feb. 15 . Sometimes he has food in his custody , sometimes he does not .
He is a member of the Sudanese Church of Christ .
Rev . Hamad faced similar requirements to report to the custody of the security services from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. daily after he held a press conference Feb. 11 calling on the government to reconsider the demolitions . He noted at the press conference that mosques in the same area were not ordered to be demolished .
Security services lifted that requirement Feb. 26 , but then ordered him not to speak publicly about the persecution of Christians and the demolition of church buildings unless he had authorization from security forces .
Since 2012 Sudan has bulldozed church buildings and harrassed and expelled foreign Christians , according to Morning Star News . It was announced in April 2013 that no licenses would be granted to build new churches .
Two Christian leaders in Sudan have been sentenced to 12 years in prison on charges of espionage .
At least 90 percent of Sudan 's population is Muslim , and sharia is the source of the nation 's legislation . Apostasy from Islam is punishable by the death penalty .
Since 1999 , the U.S. state department has listed Sudan as a country of particular concern due to religious freedom violations .
International Catholic charity Aid to the Church in Need noted in its 2016 Religious Freedom Report that Sudan 's constitution was amended to “ widen and increase ” the power of the National Intelligence and Security Services , which has impacted “ human resources issues and the prosecution of individuals , media outlets and organisations for alleged breaches of the law . ”
Sudan scored a 12 out of 100 in Transparency International 's 2015 Corruption Perceptions Index , ranking ahead of only Afghanistan , North Korea , and Somalia .
Police have released footage of a man strolling down a Kings Cross street in the seconds before a woman was sexually assaulted as she walked home .
A man allegedly struck up a conversation with the 22-year-old woman as she ordered takeaway food from Pie Face near the luminous Coca-Cola billboard about 3.50am on January 20 . She then left by herself . Security cameras captured a man with “ chubby cheeks ” sipping out of a bottle as he walked out of the shop and along Bayswater Road past another Mexican take away shop .
Police believe this may be a man who allegedly sexually assaulted a woman in Kings Cross on January 20 .
The alleged victim told police the same man caught up with her as she reached the intersection of Bayswater Road and Ward Avenue .
She said the man engaged her in conversation before he physically restrained her , stuck his hands up her dress and groped her .
Kathleen Matthews is the new chair of the Maryland Democratic Party . ( Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post )
Maryland Democrats , hoping to capi­tal­ize on a surge of anti-Trump activism to help unseat Gov . Larry Hogan ( R ) next year , elected Kathleen Matthews , the former Marriott International executive and onetime congressional candidate , on Saturday to lead their state party .
Matthews , 63 , who enjoyed the backing of the party 's senior elected officials , was the overwhelming choice of the more than 170 county central committee members who gathered in Greenbelt . She had been interim party chair since March 1 , when Bruce Poole stepped down .
The election of a state party chair , who traditionally leads fundraising and candidate recruitment efforts , is a nonevent for most voters . But Saturday 's decision carried added significance for a Democratic Party still reeling from Hogan 's upset victory over then-Lt. Gov . Anthony G. Brown in 2014 and stunned by Donald Trump 's defeat of Hillary Clinton last year .
Matthews said the party must call Hogan , who seldom criticizes Trump , to account for the Republican 's policies in the White House .
“ We must defeat a governor who is silent at every turn , ” said Matthews , who added that Thursday 's House vote to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act “ just made me sick to my stomach . ”
Matthews promised to renew a state party infrastructure that has deteriorated in recent years , especially outside traditional Democratic strongholds in Baltimore City and Prince George 's and Montgomery counties . She promised to pursue an “ all-Maryland strategy ” to recruit and support candidates .
Matthews , who last year lost a bid to be the Democratic candidate for Maryland 's 8th Congressional District , campaigned aggressively for the unpaid party post , contacting party leaders in all 24 counties and Baltimore City . She has also met with members of grass-roots groups resisting Trump 's and the congressional GOP 's agendas in an attempt to bring those groups into the party tent .
But progressives , including many who supported the Democratic presidential campaign of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) , charged that Matthews 's rise was emblematic of the status quo maintained by longtime party insiders such as Sen. Benjamin L. Cardin and Rep. Steny H. Hoyer . Left-wing activists are also angry with the Democratic establishment for not supporting what they saw as key bills in the most recent General Assembly session .
Matthews 's lone opponent in Saturday 's vote , Montgomery County party activist Tony Puca , voiced the skepticism of those on the left .
“ We do have a broken party right now , and that 's what this is all about , ” said Puca , a former Montgomery County central committee member and congressional candidate who drew expressions of surprise and a few laughs when he declared himself not only the best choice for state chair , but also “ probably more qualified ” for chairmanship of the Democratic National Committee than new chair Thomas Perez . His work in state and national politics dates to 1964 , when he organized New York City high school students for Lyndon B. Johnson .
Puca said the party will not win over groups such as Our Revolution and Indivisible by turning to “ the same old people running it the same old way . ”
The meeting opened with a pep talk from Sen. Chris Van Hollen , who urged Democrats to become active in this year 's Virginia gubernatorial race as “ a warm-up drill for 2018 . ”
“ I will tell you that the outcome of the governor 's race in Virginia will set the political psychology for the first year of this new [ Trump ] administration and how we 're fighting back , ” Van Hollen said .
Bernice King ( John Basemore/Associated Press )
The nobility and sacrifice exemplified by The Rev . Martin Luther King Jr. and his wife , Coretta Scott King , are traits missing from their three surviving squabbling children . It seems as if they are always in court fighting each other or someone else . Or , as Andrew Young , the civil rights icon and close confident of King , said Wednesday , “ They sue too quick. ” And wait until you hear why he said that .
Martin Luther King III and Dexter King are suing their sister , Bernice King , to get possession of their late father 's Nobel Peace Prize and his personal Bible — so they can sell them . The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that a Jan. 20 letter from MLK III to Bernice requested a meeting to discuss the potential sale .
“ The purpose of this special meeting is to discuss and vote on whether to offer for purchase at a private sale of the Nobel Peace Prize and the King Bible . And if the vote is to proceed with such a sale , to identify the person to whom . Within two days of the affirmative vote , the Nobel Peace Prize and the King Bible shall be physically delivered . ”
It is important to understand a couple of things about this family fight . MLK III , Dexter and Bernice gave up their inheritance to the Estate of Martin Luther King Jr. Inc. in 1995 . The brothers run the estate , which owns all their father 's property . Bernice heads The Martin Luther King Jr. Center for Nonviolent Social Change , which runs the library and archives of the slain civil rights leader 's papers . By taking possession of the Peace Prize and the Bible , the King brothers claim that their sister violated that 1995 agreement .
“ While I love my brothers dearly , this latest decision by them is extremely troubling , ” Bernice said today in Atlanta . “ Not only am I appalled and utterly ashamed , I am frankly disappointed that they would even entertain the thought of selling these precious items . It reveals a desperation beyond comprehension . ”
She 's got that right . Consideration of a sale of the Peace Prize and their father 's Bible is stunning and should go no further than a crazy idea they were crazy enough to put down on paper . Perhaps Tyler Perry , Oprah Winfrey or the trustees of the Smithsonian , or a combination of the three , should make an offer to get these national treasures out of the hands of the warring King clan . Sad they ca n't be trusted with them .
Follow Jonathan on Twitter : @ Capehartj
We 've loved the game of football for as long as can be remembered .
Michael Wood Jr .
President Veterans Stand — USMC Sergeant 0351 ‘ 97–01 FAST
What we do not love is these allegations on the character of the NFL . There are plenty of individuals in the NFL who say and do ridiculous things , of course , but those are just bad apples . For instance , it 's an insult to anyone with football knowledge when Seattle Seahawks coach Pete Carroll states that Colin Kaepernick deserves to be a starter in the league ( a top 32 quarterback ) , but not good enough to be the backup on his team . Seattle , a team with a similar style starter , Russell Wilson , making Kaepernick ideal .
There are 32 teams in the NFL , each with at least 2 quarterbacks and Pete Carroll 's career depends on winning as many games as possible . So Pete 's argument is that the Seattle Seahawks will be in a better position to win by NOT having two top 32 quarterbacks , but rather one top 32 quarterbacks , backed up by some dude nowhere close to that , is nonsensical . Additionally , we seem to remember Aaron Rodgers backing up Favre , Tom Brady backing up Bledsoe , and interestingly , Colin Kaepernick backing up Smith and then leading the 49ers to the Super Bowl , but anyway…
A bunch of articles has been written critical of the NFL over their treatment of Kaepernick , but an additional odd subject was the intro music . The NFL and ESPN are bringing back Hank Williams Jr , a man well known for racist rants , and whose previous introduction performance the NFL & ESPN pulled from the Monday Night Football broadcast in 2011 because he compared then President Obama to Hitler . In 2017 , it is hard to just move past that without pause .
As for ESPN 's part , there are some other odd collusions with the NFL . ESPN is the same television network that , just weeks before the release date , pulled its support for the League of Denial documentary . The film exposes the NFL 's complicity in knowingly downplaying the seriousness of concussions and head trauma . The documentary reveals that Commissioner Paul Tagliabue actively corrupted scientific literature by funding a bogus research group , the Mild Traumatic Brain Injury committee , to publish research hiding the brain injuries caused by playing football .
Modern studies have forced the NFL to file documents in federal court showing that they expect nearly a third of all retired players to develop some form of long-term cognitive problems — such as Alzheimer 's or Dementia — in their lifetime as a result of head injuries suffered on the field .
The NFL did n't care one bit about the human beings , the players and their families who paid the price until forced to do so by a court settlement . The plaintiffs in these settlements and countless others who have suffered similarly are mourned by the families who love them :
# JovanBelcher # ForrestBlue # LewCarpenter # LouCreekmur # ShaneDronett # DaveDuerson # RayEasterling # FrankGifford # CookieGilchrist # JohnGrimsley # ChrisHenry # TerryLong # RobLytle
# JohnMackey # OllieMatson # TomMcHale # EarlMorrall # AdrianRobinson # JuniorSeau # TylerSash # KenStabler # BubbaSmith # JustinStrzelczyk # MosiTatupu # KevinTurner # AndreWaters # MikeWebster # RalphWenzel
Our first look at the data reveals a similar pattern of cover-ups and denials , despite irrefutable evidence . In 2015 , 182 concussions were reported during the regular season ; whether due to increased awareness or increased occurrence , this figure reflected a greater than 50 % increase over 2014 . And it took until 2016 for the NFL to admit that there was a correlation between head trauma and traumatic brain injuries .
This lack of concern for the well-being of people and reluctance to address the facts , despite a public rhetoric of compassion , is something that veterans know all too well . The NFL 's denial of the long-term neurological effects of repeated head trauma reminds us of how the US Government denies the severity and refuses access to treatment for cumulative traumatic brain injuries for service personnel . These denials and refusals represent just the latest episode in the federal government 's storied history of treating soldiers like athletes of death , mere bodies performing a service of spectacle for the elite to be discarded when that service is deemed no longer useful .
And when the game is over , the NFL refuses to be held accountable , just like our government refuses to accept responsibility . Example : 22 veterans from the Spokane area succumbed to the internal war of trauma and committed suicide in one twelve-month period . 15 of those veterans were in the VA system — but not being treated .
Like the football players who have been used and discarded by the system , the names of our veterans who have been thrown away have been reflected in tears and condolences for your neighbors , coworkers , and friends . Those tears staining the photo of their child in a uniform that previously evoked pride . The trauma is not limited to the victim , it extends to all of humanity in a far reaching ripple effect . Maybe the whole point of the government denial , media blackouts , lack of funding , and so forth , is to insulate the rest of us from the reality of what 's being done in our name and what happens to veterans home and abroad . Just reading the stories from parents and loved ones while researching , has left a dark cloud hanging over me that still remains .
# EduardoBojorquez # RayBurnside # HoldenScottCorzine # EdwinFuentes # CurtisGearhart # JacobGeorge # AmonGift # AnthonyHill # ClayHunt # JustinHunt # JamesJennings # ShawnJensen # UfranoRiosJimenez # BrandonKetchum # ChrisKyle # MichelleLanghorst # JeffLucey # JanosVictorLutz # JoshuaMarkel # RichardMcShan # BrandonMeyers # JamesMorris # NoahPierce # EddieRayRouth # EliasReyesJr # MarinnaRollins # JustinRopke # JerrySerrato # IsaacSims # DanielSomers # PatTillman # ChristopherStewart # DanielWolfe # ThomasYoung # RyanYurchison
In discussions with us , Gay Culverhouse , the former President of Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Founder of the Gay Culverhouse Players Outreach Program , noted the comparison between service military members and football players , stating that :
The symptoms related to head trauma experienced by veterans of both the NFL and the Armed Services are identical . WE need to support these injured warriors as they reabsorb back into society , and look into how we can prevent this issue from repeating itself .
Part of that prevention is the NFL being accountable . The NFL does n't just bear responsibility for the long-term brain damage and early deaths of its players — the NFL also plays a critical role in driving policies that lead to the loss of life and long-term physical , mental and emotional damage done to the nation 's soldiers .
As the VA has reported :
In Fiscal Year 2011 , 476,515 Veterans with primary or secondary diagnosis of PTSD received treatment at Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) medical centers and clinics .
What many football fans may not know is that the NFL is paid to help put a positive face on all that suffering and those vets ' deaths . Those planes fly overhead and cannons salute to glorify the casualties of our children , friends , sisters , fathers , mothers…and all of it paid for by the United States Government .
The general narrative that has been built around the Kaepernick controversy would have us believe that his exercise of free speech to protest American inequality by kneeling down silently during the National Anthem was in conflict with the NFL 's inherently patriotic nature and support for our Armed Forces . This is a lie that Kaepernick has exposed many times himself . The NFL 's staged patriotic displays are paid for with millions of dollars from the Department of Defense .
Yes , the NFL is PAID to play patriotic ; unless patriotic is defined as honoring the lives of the veterans , Kaepernick was drawing attention to ; those who lost their lives to police brutality after returning to the states . Veterans like India Kager , Walter Scott , Kenneth Chamberlain , Mark Salazar , James Brown , Parminder Singh Shergil , Stanley Gibson and many more . 29 veterans were killed by police in 2015 and at least 8 of them were diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder .
Colin Kaepernick : We certainly thank you for speaking up for those veterans .
All by itself , the National Guard spent $ 49.1 million on professional sports sponsorships in 2014 . These programs are given names such as the “ True Patriot ” program that pretends to “ honor ” the veterans but are really just live action advertisement spots . This exploitation of our service as a recruitment program that helps mask the horrors of veteran treatment sheds light on the reality of how much value is placed in the lives of veterans and that should change our perspective .
Did the NFL and Department of Defense not care at all how the actual veterans felt about their exploitation of service members ? Did anyone even bother to ask veterans how they feel about Kaepernick kneeling ? After all , it did not take an in depth explanation for 35 % of military veterans to say they believe anthem protests like Kaepernick 's are not disrespectful , according to an HBO RealSports Marist Poll and as evidenced by Twitter hashtags like # VeteransforKaepernick .
Knowing the staged manipulation , how does this feel now ?
Feels like nostalgia , right ? Seems like the good ‘ ol days . But we 've been duped . NFL players did not regularly appear on field for the national anthem until the late 2000s . After choosing a life in service , it is being used as a stage prop when :
The Jets needed to be paid to honor their hometown troops ;
The Seahawks needed to be paid to allow a pregame re-enlistment ceremony ;
The Falcons needed 879 thousand dollars to hold military appreciation ceremonies ;
MIAMI — As the NBA regular season inches closer , most have the Heat making the playoffs . But the opinions vary when it comes to where the Heat will finish among the Eastern Conference 's eight playoff teams .
TNT 's NBA analysts Reggie Miller and Chris Webber offered their take on this topic in a Wednesday conference call previewing the network 's coverage .
Miller believes the Heat are “ on the fringe of that fourth seed ” behind Cleveland , Boston and Toronto .
“ The question will be : Can their second half last year , where they played phenomenal , just missing the playoffs – can that expand to 82 games , ” Miller said . “ You 've got obviously a centerpiece in [ Hassan ] Whiteside , who 's an unbelievable talent . Dion Waiters is going to have to stay healthy . He kind of evolved into their go-to guy , a voice on this team . But he 's got to stay healthy . You rewarded Josh Richardson with a nice four-year contract . A guy that really came out of nowhere out of Tennessee and became a pretty steady player for Erik Spoelstra . Tyler Johnson , another unknown , who is a given the minutes outperformed what everyone said about him . So they have the pieces around him .
“ To me , they 're on the fringe of that fourth seed . They 're the second-best team in the Southeast Division , obviously behind Washington . To me , you 've got Cleveland , Boston , Toronto and then you have to start thinking about Miami and if they can have an 82-game schedule like the second half of last year . Health is going to play a major role in that . The young players are going to have to develop like Justise Winslow . But they have the pieces there to be one of those teams on a nightly basis to be a very competitive team . And let 's not forget the man who 's the president who 's not going to settle for mediocrity , and that 's Pat Riley . So they are right there on the fringe . The question is , can they stay healthy and are they committed like we 've seen most Pat Riley led teams . … Are they going to be relentless to play hard each and every night ? ”
Webber has the Heat in a similar spot .
“ Let 's start with the way they ended the season and how strong they ended the season , ” Webber said . “ You always hear them , whether it 's coach Riley or coach Spoelstra , talk about believing in their system . It takes a lot of time to trust the system or to buy into a team concept when you 've been used to being the main guy or you do n't trust the consistency of your touches . It just seems like they 've gone through their growing pains with this new unit without the leadership of a D-Wade . Of course , they still have [ Udonis ] Haslem , who is a wonderful leader . But at the same time , they do n't have that star on the floor who has been left over from those times . It just seems as if they have built that chemistry .
“ So I would not put them up there with Washington yet because they still have to prove themselves , and Washington still has to prove themselves consistently . But they 're a team that if they made the playoffs , you sure would n't want to play them in the playoffs because as the season goes on they play better . It depends on the dedication of Hassan Whiteside and how well they can score offensively . We know they play well defensively . I see them as middle of the pack to that fourth spot , and that 's all based upon how well they played last year . It just seemed like something clicked for them where guys have confidence in themselves . They understood what their roles were , and they bought in . So middle of the pack is at least where I would expect those guys to be . ”
[ Goran Dragic to sit out third consecutive preseason game with regular season looming ]
[ Hassan Whiteside among favorites to lead NBA in rebounding , win Defensive Player of the Year award ]
[ AJ Hammons returns to practice , hopes to prove he belongs on Heat 's 15-man roster ]
[ Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed ? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook page ]
Edin Dzeko is unlikely to be sold by Manchester City
Miralem Pjanic has said his Bosnia-Herzegovina teammate Edin Dzeko would like to play in Serie A and urged Roma to sign the Manchester City striker , meaning the two could team up for club and country .
- Transfer Talk : Vermaelen just Belgian waffle
Pjanic and Dzeko played in their country 's first-ever World Cup game , a 2-1 defeat to Argentina , and the 24-year-old Pjanic believes Dzeko would represent a fine signing for the Giallorossi .
Former Wolfsburg forward Dzeko has also been linked with Inter Milan , and midfielder Pjanic told Sport Mediaset : `` Dzeko has told me that he likes Italy , and I think it would be a coup if we signed him . ''
However , City are unlikely to sell the striker , who enjoyed his best goalscoring season in Manchester to help them win the Premier League for the second time in three seasons .
Manager Manuel Pellegrini made keeping Dzeko a priority when he took over last summer and the 28-year-old finished the season as a regular in the City side , hitting 26 goals including five in the last four games .
City are expected to offer Dzeko a new contract , with Bosnia 's record goalscorer having just one year left on the deal he signed when he joined in January 2011 .
A 29-year-old prisoner was admitted to hospital after he swallowed a mobile phone .
A 29-year-old prisoner was admitted to hospital after he swallowed a mobile phone .
Prisoner ( 29 ) admitted to hospital after he swallowed mobile phone
The man presented to the Emergency Department at Tallaght hospital with vomiting , ten hours after he claimed to have swallowed the device .
He had been vomiting for four hours before he presented to the hospital
After various examinations and x-rays , doctors confirmed that the phone was in his stomach , and he had to undergo surgery for it to be removed .
The phone measured 68×23×11 mm , around as tall as an adult 's middle finger .
Doctors ' attempts to remove the foreign body using graspers and tripod forceps were abandoned because the phone could not be aligned to allow for safe retrieval and limit any potential harm to the oesophagus .
Photo : The Adelaide and Meath Hospital , Dublin
The phone was eventually removed during a gastrotomy , using a type of forceps .
The patient , who had complex psycho-social issues , made a recovery and underwent counselling before he was discharged .
The case , and images of the alarming case , have featured in the International Journal of Surgery Case Reports .
Photo : The Adelaide and Meath Hospital , Dublin
Online Editors
I am happy to present you a new approach to compute indirect illumination and ambient occlusion in real-time using a pre-filtered geometry representation stored inside a sparse voxel octree , as well as a new approximate voxel-based cone-tracing . The sparse voxel octree is used as a proxy for occlusion information and indirect illumination , it supports dynamic objects and environments thanks to a new very fast voxelization algorithm that updates the octree structure and pre-filter geometry and lighting information .
This work has been done in collaboration with Miguel Sainz and Simon Green from NVIDIA , as well as Fabrice Neyret from CNRS and Elmar Eisemann from ParisTech .
The paper ha been published at Pacific Graphic . You can find the authors version of it on my research page :
http : //www.icare3d.org/research-cat/publications/interactive-indirect-illumination-using-voxel-cone-tracing.html
Indirect lighting ( global illumination ) :
Ambient occlusion :
I also presented this work as a talk at Siggraph 2011 in Vancouver as well as a poster at I3D 2011 Benoit Rogez wrote a very good article about our approach on 3DVF ( in French ) : here More details on the algorithm and the fast voxelization and octree construction can be found in my GTC 2012 presentation High quality video : http : //artis.imag.fr/Membres/Cyril.Crassin/GIVoxels/Siggraph11_GI1.mov High quality video : http : //artis.imag.fr/Membres/Cyril.Crassin/GIVoxels/Siggraph11_AO1.mov
Unthinkable
Before , you did n't even have a choice . Now you would n't even dream of living without it .
`` I just do n't know how they did it , '' said Jessica into the phone . `` It really is amazing to me how far we 've come as a society . To think , just 25 years ago , it was completely unheard of . And now , almost everyone does it this way . ''
`` I know ? ! Can you imagine what it was like for them ? Ugh . It 's just … so wrong . How it took us so long to come to that conclusion , and then finally do something about it , I will never understand . It actually sickens me to even imagine it . ''
`` I 'm a little ashamed to admit it , but I tried it once , just to see what it was like . I know , I know . But let me tell you , it was horrible . If I had it to do all over again , I would n't dream of it . ''
`` Exactly . That 's why I buy one for every woman I know when she 's going to have a baby . No one should have to suffer through a feeding without a Boppy . NO one . The way it lifts and supports the baby so your arms do n't get tired . Why would anyone even think of doing it the old way ? ''
`` Yes ! I used it for that with Bristol too . She loved tummy time ! You can totally tell at daycare the babies who do n't have a Boppy at home . It just breaks my heart . How do those mothers expect their babies to ever develop strong trunk muscles for sitting ? That kind of thing does n't just happen on its own , you know ! ''
Back to top
The Uruguay international is delighted with his move to La Rosaleda and is aiming to make a big impact on Costa del Sur
New Malaga signing Diego Lugano has revealed Manuel Pellegrini 's desire to add him to his squad was an important factor in his decision to swap Paris for the south coast of Spain .
The Uruguayan has joined Pellegrini 's side on a six-month loan from French giants Paris Saint-Germain and feels that he is in great shape physically despite having not made a single appearance in Ligue 1 this season .
“ Pellegrini knows me well from South America and he told me that he personally wanted me in the group for my footballing characteristics . And that 's important for a player 's confidence , '' he told AS .
“ There is no time for adaptation , I have been here since Tuesday . Physically I am fine . I have played with my country but I am missing minutes on the pitch , ” reflected the centre-back at his presentation this week .
“ I aim to be included in the team , to do the best I can and try to get many minutes . Coming here was best for me . I want to give everything I have .
“ My introduction ? It was easy , because it is the first time in many years that I understood the language . I know many of my new teammates , with Baptista from São Paulo to Sebita with the national team and Santa Cruz and Demichelis .
“ The idea is to come and reach a good level so as to continue . Four or five months is an eternity in football and the idea is to continue with the project that I have embarked on . ”
Galactus is an epic force of galactic destruction . Dubbed the Devourer of Worlds , Galactus has an appetite so inconceivably large he has to literally consume the energy of a whole planet to curb his hunger . Exploring the cosmos for a planet just right for his dietary needs is an exhausting act by itself , so Galactus employs a cosmic energy imbued Herald that will do the searching for him . There 's no way that a race of beings is going to give up its planet willingly , so the Herald 's job is to prepare the planet for the arrival of Galactus , and that preparation could mean the pacification of any beings that stand in the way of his hunger .
RELATED : 15 Marvel Characters Who Could OBLITERATE the Celestials
Galactus has had some pretty terrible Heralds over the years . Some of them got greedy and tried to take power for themselves , others refused to take off their roller skates . Because of the high rate of attrition , Galactus is always keeping his eye out for future Heralds , and there are some that he should avoid because of their potential to be absolute disasters . We here at CBR take a look at 8 of the terrible Heralds of Galactus has employed so far , as well as 7 heroes who would probably turn out to be much worse .
Continue scrolling to keep reading Click the button below to start this article in quick view Share Tweet Email Copy Link Copied
15 TERRIBLE : DAZZLER
The character Dazzler started out as a cross-promotional collaboration between Marvel Comics and Casablanca Records . She was a disco singer who could convert sound into light and energy beams . So how did Alison Blaire , with strong roots in disco , singing , and the X-Men , wind up as a Herald of Galactus ?
To supercharge her , Galactus exposed Dazzler to the sound of an exploding galaxy , a cosmic energy story , and `` the awesome din of creation itself . '' With all of that power , she was able to go into a black hole to retrieve Terrax , his former Herald . What 's the real reason she 's a terrible Herald of Galactus ? Even with Galactus infusing her with the Power Cosmic , she still insisted on wearing her disco ball roller skates . Nuff said !
14 TERRIBLE : DEADPOOL
How does one become a herald for Galactus ? It 's not like he lists the job in the classified section of a newspaper , right ? Actually , that 's exactly how Deadpool got the job . After answering an ad , Galactus recruits the Merc With a Mouth to prepare planets for his arrival .
Once imbued with the Power Cosmic , Wade Wilson opts to ride the cosmos not on a silver board but an orange board with a gigantic flame-spewing engine on the back of it . Unlike past heralds , Wade had no problems with leading Galactus to planets for him to consume and he 's quite good at his job . But because Wade ca n't stop talking , Galactus tells him to shut up and leave . We ca n't see that relationship ending any other way .
13 TERRIBLE : SUPERMAN
Whoa , Superman is on this list ? Yup ! Marvel and DC co-produced a one shot that paired up Superman with the Fantastic Four . Superman gets a holographic message from his father , Jor-El , blaming Galactus for the destruction of Krypton ( we later find out that it was a manipulation by Hank Henshaw , the Cyborg Superman ) . Superman goes to the Fantastic Four for information on Galactus when Big Purple abducts Superman and forces him to be his herald to find planets to consume .
Superman was powerful before but now imbued with the Power Cosmic , was unstoppable . Why was Superman such a horrible herald ? After finding a populated planet for Galactus to consume , Superman had a flashback to the destruction of his own home planet . Getting someone to find planets to be destroyed who came from a planet that was destroyed does n't make Superman the best choice or a killer Herald .
12 TERRIBLE : THE FALLEN ONE
It 's rare for anyone to get something right on the first try , and the first Herald of Galactus is no exception . The Fallen one was not given the Power Cosmic but instead utilized dark energy , which he used to augment himself physically and shoot energy . Previous Heralds had a knack for being cruel but The Fallen One was so bad he was released from his duties and even imprisoned by Galactus . What makes him a terrible Herald ?
The Fallen One returned on several occasions to attack Galactus , and even teamed up with Thanos on occasions to cause even more destruction to the galaxy . When you get fired from a job , you 're not supposed to come back , and you 're certainly not supposed to harass your former boss . Even after being imprisoned in an intergalactic prison by Star-Lord , the Fallen One kept returning . Take a hint , Fallen !
11 TERRIBLE : STARDUST
Stardust is an Ethereal , a race of beings comprised of pure energy . After being infused with the Power Cosmic , she became virtually indestructible , being able to recreate herself at will if destroyed . Unlike most of the Heralds of Galactus , Stardust would do one more thing before handing a planet over for feeding : she would slaughter all inhabitants of the planet . But what makes Stardust one of the worst Heralds ?
She was actually in love with the Devourer of Worlds , and being in love with your boss never makes for a good working relationship . Love drove Stardust to give the energy of the last remaining members of her race for Galactus to feed . Although her real name is Lambda-Zero , we here at CBR kinda wish her first name was really Ziggy .
10 TERRIBLE : THE DESTROYER
The Destroyer is n't a person , but an enchanted suit of armor created by Odin , the All-Father of the Asgardians . It 's comprised of an unknown metal , which , thanks to Odin 's enchantments , is stronger than the metal Uru , which comprises Thor 's hammer . It 's virtually invulnerable to all forms of physical damage and can fire extremely powerful energy bolts out of its face when its mask opens .
Galactus used The Destroyer as his Herald when Thor offered to exchange him for his current Herald at the time , which was the Xandarian named Firelord . It seemed like a match made in the heavens , but the Destroyer was just a suit of armor that could be inhabited by someone . The Destroyer should not be viewed as a character but as a weapon , and if in the wrong hands could do incalculable damage .
9 TERRIBLE : MORG
When Galactus came to consume Morg 's home planet , Morg did n't run . On his homeworld , Morg was an executioner , and with his double-edged battle axe in hand walked right up to Galactus and told him to take a long walk off a short pier . Impressed by his lack of fear and his occupation ( and perhaps tired of how meek and inefficient his current Herald , Nova , was ) he recruited Morg on the spot .
Given his lack of respect for life and his savagery , what made Morg such a bad Herald ? He was extremely power hungry , so much that all of the previous Heralds of Galactus united together to take him down . Morg was stripped of his Power Cosmic and was killed by Terrax , but was later resurrected by Galactus and given a second chance . What was his first act ? To get his axe and get revenge on Terrax . Some people never learn .
8 TERRIBLE : AUNT MAY
Aunt May , Herald of Galactus ? Allow us to explain : Galactus comes to Earth and decides that Franklin , the son of Reed and Susan Richards , would make an excellent Herald due to the potential power the boy possessed . During this time , Spider-Man gets Aunt May to babysit for the Fantastic Four . When Galactus arrives and fires an energy beam to give Franklin Richards the Power Cosmic , Aunt May throws herself in front of the beam and becomes the all-powerful ... Golden Oldie .
Still with us ? While Aunt May looks for suitable planets , Franklin keeps Galactus fed with the nourishing powers of Twinkies . In space , Aunt May finds the Creator , a creature that looks suspiciously like the Pillsbury Dough Boy , who creates snacks the size of planets . She actually finds a planet-sized Twinkie . Why was Aunt May so bad ? Twinkies , Aunt May ? You 'll rot Galactus ' teeth ! As an aunt , you should really know better .
7 WORSE : GROOT
At first glance , the walking tree known as Groot would be an ideal choice . Groot is a Flora Colossus from Planet X , and as someone that has an innate connection to nature , if charged with the Power Cosmic the ability to seek out suitable planets should not be a hard task for him . He 's durable , he 's driven , and he 's knowledgable about space travel and different races . But what would make Groot a worse Herald than say The Destroyer ?
Groot is infamous for his severely limited vocabulary , only able to respond with three words : `` I am Groot . '' If he were to encounter a suitable planet for Galactus what would he tell him ? `` I am Groot . '' Galactus , having severely short patience , would either release him from being his Herald or incinerate him . Either way , this is not the match meant to be .
6 WORSE : HANK PYM
In the past , Heralds have tried to find alternate sources of energy for Galactus besides eating planets ( yes , Aunt May giving Galactus Twinkies does count ) . Recruiting the Scientist Supreme Hank Pym to be a Herald of Galactus seems like a good idea . For starters , he might be able to find energy in the Microverse , a dimension that can be reached by shrinking to the size of sub-atomic particles .
So what makes him a worse Herald than , say , Deadpool ? For one , as a scientist that respects life , it 's highly unlikely that he would lead Galactus to an inhabited world to consume . Then again , in current issues of The Avengers Hank Pym has merged with Ultron , and in that configuration he 's unlikely to be helping anyone but himself .
5 WORSE : NICK FURY
Galactus needs someone who can make hard decisions about choosing what planets would be suitable to feed him . Nick Fury , former leader of the super spy agency S.H.I.E.L.D. , had to make hard , life-changing decisions every day . In the Original Sin storyline , it was revealed that Nick Fury defended the Earth through whatever means necessary , which included torture , assassinations , and committing genocide .
He did these things without any regret , so what 's stopping him from being an awesome Herald ? Plain and simple : it 's hard to trust someone hiding so many secrets . Galactus on numerous occasions has been betrayed by his Heralds , and moving forward would want someone he could trust . Nick Fury , being a former spy and cosmic god-killer ( after smiting the Watcher ) , has too many strikes against him .
4 WORSE : DOCTOR STRANGE
Both the Doctor Strange movie starring Benedict Cumberbatch and the comic book have taught us that there 's much more to the universe than what 's visible to the naked eye . There are alternate dimensions , alternate timelines , magical entities , and more . Instead of eating planets , perhaps the good Doctor might be able to bring to the Devourer of Worlds a mystical energy source that will satisfy even the hunger of Galactus ?
What could be worse than energy from magic ? Well , magic is unpredictable for a variety of reasons . One reason is that some spells involve invoking an entity , such as Cyttorak or Faltine or Raggadorr , and like most super-powerful , extra-dimensional entities , they can be temperamental . Imagine Doctor Strange tries to provide Galactus with energy from Hoggoth , only to get a knock on his door from Hoggoth himself . Thanks but no thanks , Doctor .
3 WORSE : ROGUE
Space travel . Planetary exploration . Xenobiology . Being a Herald of Galactus requires a very diverse skillset to say the least . The person serving Galactus needs to be able to satisfy his hunger and deal with the destruction of an entire planet . Who could fit the bill ? A superhero with an incredibly diverse set of powers is the X-Men member Rogue , who has the ability to absorb the psyche and abilities of others .
This versatility could even allow for her to touch Galactus and have an intimate understanding of his hunger and his need to feed . So what could go wrong with someone who could relate to what 's going on inside the head ( and stomach ) of Galactus ? Would n't touching Galactus result in Rogue becoming a second Galactus , meaning there would be two planet-destroying creatures roaming around the universe ? We 're not sure , but we certainly would n't be willing to find out ... okay , we would , but it would probably prove disastrous .
2 WORSE : VISION
Galactus has used robotic entities before as his Herald in the past . Gabriel Lan was someone that served Galactus loyally until he sacrificed himself to protect Galactus from a fleet of Ovoid warships . Galactus created a robotic version of Lan named Air-Walker and placed his consciousness inside of it . The Vision is an android and although it looks like a person is a very complex robot . Over the years he 's had imprinted in him the brain waves of such people as Simon Williams to shape his personality .
Nevertheless , he 's still a machine at heart and like any robot can make decisions that are not influenced by emotions . So what would make the Vision a worse choice than Dazzler ? If the Vision uses his robotic logic to decide the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the one , at what point is it no longer logical to feed the hunger of Galactus ?
1 WORSE : DAREDEVIL
Although he 's blind , Matt Murdock 's other senses were heightened when he was exposed to radioactive materials that fell off a truck in Hell 's Kitchen . He developed a radar sense and because of his father 's death a strong sense of justice . What would happen if Daredevil was given the Power Cosmic ? How would his heightened senses function ? Would his radar sense take on a cosmic perception that would allow him to find suitable energy sources for Galactus ?
It 's certainly an interesting possibility , but unfortunately he would be one of the worst choices as Herald . It 's not because he 's blind , it 's because of his dark side . When Frank Miller wrote Daredevil in the 1980s , he made him sort of antihero who would torture villains and was not afraid to kill . Galactus has a habit of cruel Heralds turning against him and Matt Murdock would do the same .
Who do you think was the most terrible Herald of Galactus ? Who could be worse ? Post your comments below !
Next Umbrella Academy : 5 Changes From The Comics ( & 5 Things They Kept The Same )
FROGS across Australia and the US may be recovering from a fungal disease that has devastated populations around the world .
“ It 's happening across a number of species , ” says Michael Mahony at the University of Newcastle in New South Wales , who completed a 20-year study of frogs along the Great Dividing Range in Australia for the Earthwatch Institute . Between 1990 and 1998 the populations of several frog species crashed due to chytridiomycosis infection ( chytrid ) caused by the pathogen Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis , but Mahony 's surveys suggest that the frogs are re-establishing .
Barred river frogs ( Mixophyes esiteratus ) disappeared , he says , but now up to 30 of the animals have returned to streams across Australia 's Central Coast . The tusked-frog ( Adelotus ) and several tree frog species ( Litoria ) have also returned there . Ross Alford at James Cook University in Townsville , Queensland , says tree frogs are also repopulating other areas of the state after their numbers nosedived . Some have even reached pre-infection levels .
In the US there are also signs of recovery . Roland Knapp at Sierra Nevada Aquatic Research Laboratory at the University of California says mountain yellow-legged frogs ( Rana muscosas ) – once “ driven virtually to extinction ” – are returning . The big question is : are frogs now beating chytrid ?
Advertisement
Using electronic tagging to track frogs , Knapp ( Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0912886107 ) and Mahony have separately found that recovering frogs are living with low-level infections of the fungus .
It is possible , they say , that the fungus has weakened in recovering areas . Knapp says there is evidence that the frogs are evolving . Initial findings from his team show that frogs from recovered populations can survive when challenged with a fungal strain , unlike frogs with no previous exposure to the fungus , which died after it colonised their skin .
At Vanderbilt University Medical Centre , Nashville , Alford and Louise Rollins-Smith found that a population of Australian green-eyed tree frogs previously decimated by the fungus produced more anti-microbial peptides – which inhibit fungal growth – on their skin than a less affected population ( Diversity and Distribution , vol 16 , p 703 ) . “ It 's quite likely that populations are adapting and developing better defences , ” says Rollins-Smith .
Worldwide , most amphibian communities are not recovering , though earlier this year Ursina Tobler at the University of Zurich , Switzerland , showed for the first time that even in devastated populations , some tadpoles can survive infection ( PLoS One , DOI : 10.1371/journal.pone.0010927 ) .
As a white person , I have never been on the receiving end of a racial insult . I do n't know what it feels like , but I can imagine it 's the kind of thing you do n't just casually shrug off . To be reminded that , centuries of progress notwithstanding , human stupidity and aggression not only persist but , in certain individuals , flourish : this alone must rankle .
I do , however , know what it 's like to play soccer . For someone like myself , who is n't very good at it , playing soccer is quite hard . You have to concentrate intensely , run around non-stop , try to read the minds , or at least anticipate the actions , of your teammates as well as the players on the other team . You have to immerse yourself totally in the game to have even a chance of not making a fool of yourself .
Now , Kevin-Prince Boateng , the German-Ghanaian midfielder who plays for the mighty A.C. Milan , is probably a better footballer than me , but I expect that , when you factor in the quality of the opposition he faces and the high stakes involved , playing soccer is quite hard for him , too . He must have to put everything he has into everything he does , both on and off the pitch , in order to perform as he performs .
Boateng is black . This was something that the fans of the fourth-division Italian team Pro Patria decided to call attention to yesterday afternoon during A.C. Milan 's “ friendly match ” ( the Italian league has a month off during the holiday season , and this game was for both sides to limber up before competitive league matches resume ) against the Lombard minor-leaguers when they ( the fans , or at least a small but vocal minority of them ) began pummeling Boateng , and his black teammates , with racial abuse whenever they touched the ball . Boateng did his best to ignore the abuse for the first twenty-five minutes , but finally he reached his limit .
Boateng 's response was powerful . He stopped , picked up the ball , and hoofed it into the stand where the offending fans were concentrated . Then he turned , removed his shirt , and started to walk off the pitch . For a moment it seemed as though his teammates , as well as some of Pro Patria 's players , wanted to persuade him to continue . It did n't work . Soon , the whole Milan team was following Boateng 's lead . They did n't return , and the game was called off .
Commentators and fellow footballers alike have praised Boateng 's action , and rightly so . “ It was brave of Kevin-Prince Boateng to do what he did and it was the right thing , ” tweeted Patrick Vieira , a French midfielder of Senegalese descent who won the World Cup in 1998 . “ We need to stand up and stand together. ” Vincent Kompany , a Belgian of Congolese descent and the captain of English champions Manchester City , tweeted , “ How about becoming extremely intolerant to racist idiots ? They need to be told. ” Playing football is hard enough as it is , without being hounded by a chorus of bigots .
Racism continues to bring shame to the sport , and the authorities have proven inept at tackling it . During a recent under-twenty-ones match between England and Serbia , several black English players were subject to monkey chants from the Serbian fans . U.E.F.A. , European soccer 's governing body , fined the Serbian team a mere sixty-five thousand pounds . ( For reference , the Danish player Nicklas Bendtner was fined eighty thousand pounds for displaying an unauthorized advertisement for a betting firm on his underwear , which he flashed after scoring against Portugal in last summer 's European Championships . )
Some people have questioned the wisdom of Boateng 's response . His former teammate , Clarence Seedorf , who is also black , tweeted , “ I do n't see it as such a positive thing because [ it ] empowers more of this behavior. ” Others have asked whether Boateng would be willing to do the same thing in a match with higher stakes . But why not ? Perhaps it would be harder for Boateng , or any player , to walk off the field during a competitive match , but think what would happen if high-profile games started to be cancelled on a regular basis ? The already reviled minority of racist fans would come under increasing pressure from everyone else to stay home or shut up . What 's more , with revenues at stake , the game 's governing bodies might finally take meaningful action . So far , nothing else has got the message through .
Photograph by Emilio Andreoli/AP
Hidden Camera EXPOSES Democrat Official Explaining How They CHEAT At Elections [ VIDEO ]
Hey look everyone , the Democrat 's Manhattan Democrat representative on New York City 's Board of Elections , Alan Schulkin , has been caught on camera saying there is rampant voter fraud in New York City thanks to Mayor none-other-than Lennon 's best comrade , Bill de Blasio .
Apparently , the mayor has been working hard in the shadows to hand out ID cards rather than driver 's licenses for voting and now anyone can walk in proclaiming to be anyone they want to be just in time to vote , legal or not . I presume they can get as many IDs as they want and consequently , vote as many times as they want .
If you are thinking there is some kind of mistake made by de Blasio… you will soon see that you are sorely wrong .
Trending : The 15 Best Conservative News Sites On The Internet
We have all known that in the Democratic oasis that is New York City , elections have pretty much always been slanted and controlled , and this is done to better keep the Marxists in control indefinitely . Project Veritas has just released a telling video showing the admittance of voter fraud by officials .
New York Liberals run New York and this is how they do it .
Throughout the general election this year , Republican nominee Donald Trump has admonished his supporters to be on the lookout for election fraud in November , whether he had foresight or not , the man has come from a liberal background . He 's lived that life his entire life . He still has policies that scream leftist…that 's how he knows what goes down in New York .
Project Veritas , a conservative nonprofit organization , has confirmed what many Republicans have been saying for years . In the video , the Manhattan Democrat representative on New York City 's Board of Elections , Alan Schulkin , in essence declares that there was uncontrolled voter fraud in New York City thanks to Democrat Mayor Bill de Blasio .
“ He gave out ID cards , de Blasio . That 's in lieu of a driver 's license , but you can use it for anything . But , they did n't vet people to see who they really are . Anybody can go in there and say I am Joe Smith , I want an ID card . It 's absurd , ” Schulkin shared in the recording…
You Might Like
The Kinglake complex fires north-east of Melbourne are now at least 80 kilometres wide and 220,000 hectares in size , after several fires merged . The fire stretches from Broadford all the way to Taggerty . More than 70,000 hectares have been burnt in Gippsland , and last week 's fire in the Delburn area has again raised its head . The Red Cross has about 20 relief centres operating , with 3700 people now registered as evacuated . Police have confirmed that people were killed in fires in the following areas : Kinglake 12 , Kinglake West 10 , St Andrews 12 , Humevale 6 , Wandong 4 , Bendigo 1 , Strathewen 1 , Callignee 4 , Upper Callignee 1 , Hazelwood 3 , Jeealang 1 , Long Gully 1 , Flowerdale 5 , Yea 1 ( died in hospital ) , Hazeldene 2 , Taggerty 3 , Marysville 2 , Whittlesea 3 , Mudgegonga 2 , Steels Creek 7 , Arthurs Creek 3 , Yarra Glen 1 .
Stories from victims recount the horror of the blazes as they ravaged towns surrounding Melbourne and other parts of Victoria . A Kinglake real estate agent who lost his home last night said the region would regain its strength despite the devastation . `` I ca n't explain anything other than that it was like a sustained bombing attack , that what it was like with the noise , '' said Moray Sharp . `` Kinglake 's ceased to exist for all intents and purposes , '' he said . `` The shops in Kinglake survived , but we would have had 50 per cent housing loss . ''
Mr Sharp is gathered with a couple of hundred residents in the centre of town , and they will be transported to the Whittlesea Showgrounds at 5pm . He said while a few people had understandably gone to pieces , most people were trying to stay strong . `` We will come back as a community I 'm sure , '' Mr Sharp said .
Friends and family of victims of the Kinglake fire broke down sobbing outside the Whittlesea community activity centre upon learning of the fate of at least 12 residents who perished in the blaze , including six people who were killed in one car . Marie Jones from Canberra , who was visiting a friend at Kinglake yesterday , said a badly-burnt man had arrived at the property where she was staying with his infant daughter , and told her his wife and other child had been killed .
`` He was so badly burnt . He had skin hanging off him everywhere and his little girl was burnt , but not as badly as her dad , '' she said . Authorities began the grim search for bodies this morning following Saturday 's devastating bushfires .
The CFA expects hundreds of homes have been destroyed . Among the properties destroyed were the Marysville and Kinglake police stations . Both Marysville and Kinglake townships have been nearly wiped out by the fires , with Marysville residents evacuated in a convoy this morning from the area .
CFA spokesman Paul Swan said firefighters still battling nearby blazes . The Marysville fire is part of the Murrindindi blaze , which has now merged with the Kilmore fires . About 100,000 hectares is now burning in that area .
Police said they did not know if the age of those killed in the fires but expect some children are among the dead . Police suspect some fires were deliberately lit yesterday despite warnings that it was the worst day in Victoria 's history for fire conditions . A police spokeswoman said investigators would not be able to establish how many of the fires were arson-related until they could survey the scenes and establish the origin of the blazes .
Ten people remain in a critical condition in hospital after being burnt in the state 's bushfires . A spokesman from The Alfred hospital said 10 patients were in a critical condition in the hospital 's Intensive Care Unit . A further 10 were in a stable condition . The hospital had received two new patients from the Austin Hospital on Sunday , the spokesman said . He said no one at The Alfred had died from the fire . An emotional John Brumby has warned Victorians not to underestimate the danger of fires continuing to burn throughout Victoria , saying that despite cooler temperatures it will be days before the crisis is over .
The Premier twice had to choke back tears as he described the impact of yesterday 's `` devastating '' fires that have so far claimed at least 25 lives . `` We pray there 's no more loss of life over the next few days , '' Mr Brumby said at a press conference at the CFA station in Kilmore , north of Melbourne . The Country Fire Authority said the Kilmore fire had moved towards the Glenburn area , in particular Glenburn and settlements to the north and north east along the Melba Highway and Yea River Valley towards Murrindindi . The Country Fire Authority said the Kilmore fire had moved towards the Glenburn area , in particular Glenburn and settlements to the north and north east along the Melba Highway and Yea River Valley towards Murrindindi . `` The Kilmore fire is now impacting on the Glenburn area , in particular Glenburn and settlements to the North and North East along the Melba Highway and Yea River Valley towards Murrindindi , '' the CFA said . `` There is now active fire around the Glenburn area and residents can expect thick smoke and ember attack . All residents in these areas are advised to activate their fire plans immediately and to remain on high alert . ''
`` Residents can not rely on fire-fighting resources being able to get to their property . It is very dangerous to leave late with a
Meanwhile , the threat from a bushfire burning in the Beechworth area in northeastern Victoria has eased , but authorities are urging residents in the region to remain alert . Meanwhile , the threat from a bushfire burning in the Beechworth area in northeastern Victoria has eased , but authorities are urging residents in the region to remain alert . The fire is burning in a south easterly direction and is estimated to be more than 20,000 hectares in size . `` The communities of Bruarong , Glen Creek , Dederang , Running Creek , Myrtleford , Ovens , Barwidgee Creek are no longer under direct threat from this fire , but still need to remain alert due to a high level of fire activity still in the area , '' the CFA said . `` These communities may come under new attack tomorrow as weather conditions worsen . ''
Stanley , Mudgeegonga , Rosewhite , Kancoona and Kancoona South remain under threat with CFA strike-teams continuing to work on asset protection . A recent wind change had begun pushing a fire at Bunyip Ridge , north of Drouin , in a north-easterly direction towards the towns of Labertouche , Tarago , Jindivick West , Jindivick North , Neerim South , Neerim East , Neerim North , Whites Corner , Noogee , Tonimbuk and Robin Hood . Loading Firefighers have managed to control a fire in Coleraine that burnt nearly 1000 hectares . with AAP
At first glance , Raybaby looks like an ordinary baby monitor . It has a camera that detects the baby 's movements and transmits what 's going on to an app on the parent 's phone . But what 's special about the Raybaby is that it utilizes ultrawideband radar technology , which works much like ultrasound .
Within a range of five meters , it can detect the tiniest movement -- less than a millimeter , even . So it 's not a problem if your baby is wrapped up in a blanket and hard to see on camera . The device is smart enough to know if the movement is related to breathing or if it 's just the baby kicking around . `` Keep it on the table , bookshelf , anywhere next to the baby , '' said Nair , who 's now the CEO of Ray , the company behind the Raybaby . All told , Nair claims an accuracy of 98.3 percent .
When paired with the app , Raybaby can give you valuable stats on your child 's live respiratory rate . It offers mapping of the different sleep states too . It also provides a weekly graph , which would be good information to have when you 're visiting your pediatrician . The device also alerts you if there are any sudden changes , which could point to a fever or other illness .
As a baby monitor , Raybaby does n't stream live video continuously to the app -- which could tax your bandwidth -- but instead tracks when the baby is awake or smiling or trying to stand up . It collects a collage of all of those moments into highlights of the day , which you can then share with the built-in online community that comes with the app . `` They get the best of two worlds : vital monitoring and video monitoring all in one device , all of which is securely stored using Amazon Cloud Services , '' said Poovaya , who is now Ray 's COO .
The device itself is an adorable little thing that 's small enough to blend into your nursery 's decor . Its components are clinically tested and FDA approved , and according to Nair , the results are so good that they 're comparable to the sleep-study equipment used in hospitals . Indeed , Johnson & Johnson Innovations , which is one of Ray 's investors , has used it in several sleep-study trials with great success .
Nair , Poovaya and Kannan are based in Bangalore , India , but have slightly different backgrounds . Nair has a computer science degree , Poovaya holds a master 's in Mechanical Engineering from Cornell and Kanna has a master 's in Artificial Intelligence from the University of Georgia . When researching the idea , they spoke to several doctors and pediatricians who informed them that tracking respiratory rates in babies is a pretty big deal , even beyond those with premature kids . It 's useful for tracking sleep apnea and also when trying to detect bronchiolitis , a common viral infection that affects the lungs . `` There was a lot of data that told us there was a need for a more accurate respiratory rate tracker , '' Nair said .
In fact , Nair believes there are use cases beyond the Raybaby too . You could potentially use this same technology with senior citizens to detect arrhythmia and the early signs of a heart attack , for example . But right now the team 's focus is on Raybaby . They 've partnered with HAX , a hardware incubator for startups , and have been busy shuttling between the US ; Shenzhen , China ; and Bangalore , India , to gather data and build prototypes for the past four months .
Now they 're ready to launch their Kickstarter to seek funding for the Raybaby . The final retail price will be $ 250 , but if you manage to be one of the early backers , you can get one for $ 99 . They hope to ship by September of this year and to be in retail stores too .
Miesha Tate ( 13-4 MMA , 0-1 UFC ) recently appeared on MMA Fight Corner Radio , where she discussed the keys to defeating her UFC 168 opponent , Ronda Rousey ( 7-0 MMA , 1-0 UFC ) , whom she lost her Strikeforce belt to back in early 2012 :
“ For one , not being too emotional , ” said Tate . “ I think that was the biggest problem last time was she got inside my head and she made me really , really angry . I just do n't think I feed well off of negative energy . I 'd rather just be positive about it and just be happy . I love the sport , I love fighting and that to me is definitely the key to victory . Other than that , I think I possess all the skills to beat her , I think I just need to calm down a little bit and not go grabbing a hold of her and letting her just launch me into an armbar again . It was just really stupid . ”
“ I also need to stop the judo . I mean that 's another part of it . If she goes out there and throws me and she ca n't armbar me , that 's a big part of the fight too . That 's what I 'm going to do from now until December 28 , it 's going to be an anti-judo camp . ”
“ It 's never too early to train and practice that gameplan over and over and over , ” stated Tate . “ I 'm going to beat it into my skull if I have to . Swear to God , she 's not going to armbar me if it 's the last thing I do . ”
“ I will seriously shoot myself in the face before I leave that cage if she armbars me again . It ca n't happen . ”
Editor 's Note : Back in March , Belgian and French burger chain Quick was home to three limited-edition Star Wars-themed burgers . AHT reader Philip Lamb—whom you may recognize for his Quick 's Suprême Foie Gras review—tried some of the Star Wars burgers for us . Thanks , Philip !
When I was a kid , watching the Star Wars trilogy ( which did not include those other three films which shall remain nameless ) was a special occasion , to be enjoyed only on Christmas Day after the presents had been opened and we had finished our biscuits and gravy and , oh , was I supposed to save that chocolate for after dinner , oops . Nostalgia for what we perceived things to be like when we were kids is an important part of having been born in the '80s . George Lucas , the mother ( f * * * er ) of all marketing placement gurus , knows this , and he knows that we have perhaps a tendency to share this nostalgia with our kids . `` Look , Billy , this is called a 'Laserdisc , ' we used it to watch E.T . ''
So before he apparently released a new something or other related to 3D-ifying and otherwise continuing to reduce to ruin what was once an epic story , he must have thought to himself , `` What will impel French children in the 'whine-until-parents-buy-the-way-too-expensive-toy-du-jour ' demographic to want to go out and see in the theatre a movie they already watch at home on DVD three times a day ? ''
`` Ah , yes , I know , I 'll do something with Quick . '' Because apparently McDo 's standards are higher ( or they wanted too much money ) .
From that line of thought were born the Star Wars-themed burgers : Dark Vador ( that 's Darth Vador for those of you who can pronounce words that end in `` th '' ) , Dark , and Jedi . For the sake of brevity I 'll assume you already know about the light and dark sides of the force . The Dark burger was a lead-up to the Dark Vador , and featured a `` spicy '' sauce on top of a regular Quick double cheeseburger , except they somehow included `` tomatoes '' to make the bun red , because the bad guys are red . Since I wanted to get all of my Quick-burger-eating done in one go , I skipped this one and waited until the special weekend in the beginning of March when Quick were making the Dark Vador in its place . I also ordered the Jedi burger .
The Dark Vador burger 's bun has been dyed black , because Dark Vador is dark ( get it ? Or would you like more metaphor-induced head trauma ? ) . Taste-wise , I got nothing burnt or roasted , just regular bun . It came with `` dark sauce , '' which is slightly red , and supposedly spicy . I saw some of what looked like red pepper flakes in there , but it was n't really spicy . Other condiments included shredded iceberg lettuce , tomato , sharp cheddar chee-OMG I FOUND A JALAPEÑO I FOUND A JALAPEÑO ! This never happens in France . I was so excited , but all was for naught , because apparently these are the non-spicy jalapeños . I 'm pretty sure , thinking back , that it was probably just a baby green pepper .
Presentation-wise , this burger looked fresh , and appropriately so , because they were making them to-order only . But just like the new Star Wars films , while they looked great on the outside , the final product had no taste or depth . Cardboard acting , er , hamburger ; waxy plot lines , er cheese ; overwhelming kitsch , er , mayonnaise . I felt pretty horrible after eating this .
Now , on to the Jedi burger , because why have one disgusting sandwich when you can have two for twice the price ? The bun is what I think was ciabatta . A bit too dry and floury for my taste . Cheese seemed to be factory Cantal , a disappointment to Auvergnate cows everywhere . ( Aside : did you know that in France , nearly all of the beef in the butcher shops comes from dairy cows ? To think , this burger might have had cheese made by the same cow that eventually became its patty ... ) Holy cholesterol Batman , this burger has a ton of sauce . I mean , really . Look at the cross-section . At what point does the sauce stop and the bun start ? I have no idea . It was actually spicier than the Vador , and had a pretty strong horseradish thing going on . But like I said , way , way , way too much sauce , and the burger got overpowered .
Overall , what did I think ? Yoda once said , `` Do or Do Not . There is no try . '' I would say these are definitely a DO NOT .
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners ; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats . Read more about our affiliate linking policy .
Kailen Sheridan , the 21-year-old goalkeeper , got her first professional start last week with Sky Blue FC . Sheridan , originally from Whitby , ON Canada , attended school at Clemson University . She was drafted no . 23 overall in the 2017 NWSL College Draft by Sky Blue .
The Canadian native is also a member of the Canadian Women 's National Team . Sheridan minded the net against the Seattle Reign on the opening day of NWSL play for 2017 . She only allowed one goal that came on a penalty . The game ended in a draw and Sky Blue got a point on the road .
Finding team balance
The Canadian Women 's National Team ( CANWNT ) and Sky Blue have many similarities in their dynamic of the team . Both teams have a large mix of players from young to old , rookie to veteran . The CANWNT had seven players under the age of 20 on their recent roster for the 2017 Algarve Cup . On the other end of the spectrum , Canada has veteran players like Christine Sinclair and Allysha Chapman . Sky Blue matches that in a sense . While there are n't any players that have n't graduated from college they have four players that are coming right out of college , one being Kailen . Sky Blue also has its share of veteran players like Christie Pearce and Kelley O'Hara who have both played in multiple World Cups .
Sheridan was asked about the importance of having an age-balanced team , “ I think it 's important to have a good mix of the older players and younger players . We learned that on the National Team , we bring in a lot of good flare and energy with the newer players , trying to try new things and challenge the older players . But then the older players kind of bring that intelligence of the game and they teach you what you 're doing wrong and what you need to improve on , as well as taking that energy ( Of the younger players ) and that talent that you have and channeling it into what will come out on the field . ”
From Canada to New Jersey
Kailen Sheridan speaks with the media after being drafted by Sky Blue FC | Source : Jenny Chuang - VAVEL USA
It is interesting to see how many players come from abroad to play college soccer in the US and how many of them continue into the NWSL . The NWSL has a fair share of players from outside the US with a heavy presence from neighboring Canada . Sheridan , born and raised in Canada , came to the U.S. for college , where she attended Clemson University .
Now moved further up the east coast in New Jersey with Sky Blue , Sheridan shares what she knew about Sky Blue and New Jersey before being drafted , “ I knew a little bit , I knew Christie ( Pearce ) a little bit because she used to come visit Clemson , watch us play , talk to us about the NWSL , Sky Blue itself , get us pumped for the draft , and looking forward to what comes after college . Other than that I really just knew that it was in New Jersey . ”
Striving to be the best
Sky Blue FC did not end last season like they wanted to , finishing in seventh place . However after a successful offseason , acquiring four great college players and building on what they already had Sky Blue is a team to watch this year . With her rookie season getting its start here are Kailen 's thoughts on the upcoming season , “ Personally , I want to become a role on this team , a starting role , and do what I can to help the team progress and succeed . Goals for the season I think it 's always , your goal should always be to win and to come out on top . I do n't think if you 're in this league if you have anything less than that , that you should be in this league . I think that everybody should be striving to win the Championship and just be the best in their position that they can be and bring out the best in everybody around them . ”
Eyes will be on Kailen who looks to help Sky Blue be on top where they aim to be at the end of the season . The next chance to see Kailen lead Sky Blue from the back is on Sunday , April 23rd , against the Boston Breakers .
Classic or not , we wo n't ever have to rewrite the greatness that is the era of Weezy .
“ Yes , I am the best—and no , I ai n't positive , I 'm definite ” —Lil Wayne
A deserted throne can not stay empty , a king is to be replaced by a king . JAY-Z 's faux retirement was a symbolic departure , the end of Hov 's era , and the genesis of Lil Wayne 's best rapper alive campaign .
The New Orleans hot boy did n't await anyone to name him as Jay 's heir . Instead , he announced the self-appointed status with the unwavering conviction of a young Muhammad Ali and dared anyone to question his confidence .
What Wayne created was the biggest chip on his shoulder―a status heavier than the skies to uphold . A normal man would 've crumbled under the pressure of living up to his own hype . There 's always going to be a part of me that believes Wayne was chasing the idea of being the best , to be so undeniably great that no one would ever denounce what he contributed to hip-hop .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
The sheer volume of official and unofficial music released between the four years separating Tha Carter and Tha Carter III is without question an extraordinary streak of remarkable artistry . Rap had seen nothing like Wayne , his work ethic was an inexhaustible fire that refused to burn out . Anyone could get a feature , any beat could be destroyed , and there were no dry spells―new music from Wayne was as expected as clouds crying in April . He was a consistent , non-stop monster you could n't keep your eyes off . By the time Tha Carter III was ready to hit stores there was n't another rapper who had both the mainstream and underground waiting so eagerly .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
What I remember most about the months leading up to Tha Carter III was n't how often radio played “ Lollipop , ” but the constant conversations about Wayne 's lack of a classic album and how C3 was expected to cement his place in hip-hop history .
Some will say Wayne 's testament as rap 's greatest alive is easily discredited because he lacks what so many other greats have accomplished . Good , but not good enough .
Where was Wayne 's Illmatic ? His Blueprint ? His Doggystyle ? His Ready to Die ? Where were his five mics in The Source ? Despite all he had accomplished , Wayne lacked the highest acclaim a rapper can achieve . A timeless , universally accepted , classic album .
Wayne had to have been aware of this blemish . The Carter III album cover—a baby picture—symbolically follows in the lineage of Nas and Biggie Smalls , whose baby photos represent their most celebrated art . This is , in part , a major reason why the `` classic '' certification is such a big part of Tha Carter III 's discussion . It has always been a lingering thought .
A similar discourse took place in the lead-up to Drake 's Views . Despite all of Drake 's achievements , some will argue he lacks the cultural trophy of a classic . Take Care , much like Wayne 's Carter II , is the album that fans will argue deserves the certification , but many hoped that Views and Carter III would be awarded the badge of honor through universal approval .
What makes an album a classic ? It 's an age-old question that continues to be asked when trying to determine definitive requirements , one that becomes more difficult when you introduce the concepts of personal classics , regional classics , and cultural classics to the conversation .
How an album ages , impacts , and influences are major factors that can only be determined once enough time has moved beyond the release date . Next year will mark the 10th anniversary of Tha Carter III , an entire decade with Wayne 's most grandiose offering . “ Lollipop ” conquered Billboard and awarded the rapping martian his first ever No . 1 . “ A Milli ” was the underground offering , a street scorcher that had no hook in the age of ringtones , and selling a million albums in the first week only made the single a bigger monster . Across the board , Tha Carter III was a commercial behemoth . No one can take away such accomplishments , but determining an album 's classic status has nothing to do with numbers and everything to do with music .
To judge Tha Carter III by its music has always felt like judging the second edition and not the first . A year before the official album was released , The Drought Is Over 2 ( Tha Carter III Sessions ) was unofficially released with music supposedly meant for the album . Some of Wayne 's best records can be found on that mixtape . I have no qualms with the David Banner-produced “ La La ” but it does n't hold a candle to the leaked excellence of “ La La La. ” There 's little desire to hear the Babyface-assisted “ Comfortable ” when you have “ Something You Forgot , ” and how can someone simply replace unforgettable records like “ I Feel Like Dying '' and `` Gossip . '' It 's impossible to look back on C3 without the gnawing realization of `` what if '' in regards to all the music that recorded for the purpose of making the final album .
The very leaks that assisted in Wayne 's underground dominance and prolific rise , increasing anticipation for Tha Carter III , would have made the album better than its final , retail version . “ Mr . Carter , ” “ Dr . Carter , ” “ Tie My Hands ” and “ Let The Beat Build ” are incredible career highlights , but as a whole , Wayne 's most daring album fell short of expectations . “ Lollipop , ” “ Mrs . Officer ” and “ Got Money ” are hits , but they 're skippable guilty pleasures . “ Phone Home ” is fun , yet teeters on the edge of forgettable . Even the strong intro , “ 3 Peat , ” is n't stronger than “ I 'm Me , '' from the pre-C3The Leak EP . In terms of artistic range , Tha Carter III is an excellent display of how far Wayne evolved , improved , and grew from rapping over Mannie Fresh 's Southern slappers to a master of various eccentric styles , but all these death-defying leaps hurt the core idea of an excellent rap album .
Albums leak . It 's an occurrence that came with the rise of the internet . In Wayne 's case , so much music leaked that he was forced to call an audible . For fans who witnessed the massive amount of songs floating around blogs , spanning projects both official and unofficial , the songs that did n't make C3 had their own acclaim . In many ways the standard for C3 was set by songs that preceded it and , as a result , the five songs from The Leak EP ( and many other mixtapes ) have aged better than some of the album cuts .
Tha Carter3 is n't perfect , but you could easily make the perfect edition by creating a playlist of the best songs not from the album , but from the era .
Wayne 's unorthodox rise is too big to be summed up by a single album . Tha Carter 3 is Wayne 's climax , the cornerstone moment of his best rapper alive crusade , but it 's impossible to mention without talking about the leaks , the mixtapes , the features and the beat desecrations leading up to his most celebrated triumph . C3 is a good album , arguably great , but what should live on in infamy is everything surrounding the Wayne whirlwind in those few years leading up to its release , and not if he achieved the mark of creating a classic record .
Some artists have an album that defines their artistry . Lil Wayne has an entire era from 2006-2008 where he was arguably the best rapper alive . He went above and beyond what was believed to be possible . It would be shortsighted to discredit a legendary feat because a single album did n't live up to the standard of universal acclaim .
In an effort to succeed JAY-Z , Wayne built his own kingdom , his own throne , and classic or not , we wo n't ever have to rewrite the greatness that is the era of Weezy .
By Yoh , aka Tha Yoh III , aka @ Yoh31
The Battle of Mont Sorrel ( Battle of Mount Sorrel , Battle of Hill 62 ) was a local operation in World War I by three divisions of the British Second Army and three divisions of the 4th Army in the Ypres Salient , near Ypres , Belgium , from 2 to 13 June 1916 .
To divert British resources from the build-up being observed on the Somme , the XIII ( Royal Württemberg ) Corps and the 117th Infantry Division attacked an arc of high ground positions , defended by the Canadian Corps . The German forces captured the heights at Mount Sorrel and Tor Top , before entrenching on the far slope of the ridge . Following a number of attacks and counterattacks , two divisions of the Canadian Corps , supported by the 20th Light Division and Second Army siege and howitzer battery groups , recaptured the majority of their former positions .
Background [ edit ]
Located in the Ypres Salient , 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) east of Ypres , Belgium and 1,100 m ( 1,200 yd ) from Hill 60 , the Battle of Mount Sorrel took place along a ridge between Hooge and Zwarteleen . The crest of Mount Sorrel , nearby Tor Top ( Hill 62 ) and Hill 61 rose approximately 30 metres ( 98 ft ) higher than the shallow ground at Zillebeke , affording the occupying force excellent observation over the salient , the town of Ypres and approach routes . The peaks were the only portion of the crest of the Ypres ridge which remained in Allied hands .
In northern France , men and resources were being marshalled in preparation for the large British-French Somme Offensive . The build-up in the Somme did not go unnoticed by the German Supreme Army Command . The German 2nd Army , which was holding the sector north of the Somme , had observed preparations for an offensive since the end of February 1916 . Short of resources due to the Battle of Verdun , the Germans could only mount local operations to divert British resources from the Somme .
On 28 May 1916 , in an abrupt change of command , Lieutenant-General Edwin Alderson was appointed to the largely ceremonial post of Inspector General of Canadian Forces in England and was succeeded by Lieutenant-General Julian Byng as commander of the Canadian Corps .
Battle [ edit ]
German offensive [ edit ]
Byng inspected the Canadian Corps positions and noted that the Canadian troops were overlooked by German positions and under constant danger of enemy fire . He assigned 3rd Canadian Division commander , Major-General Malcolm Mercer to draw up a plan to overrun the more dangerous German positions in a local attack .
As the Canadians began preparations for an assault , the Germans were in the process of executing an assault plan of their own . The XIII ( Royal Württemberg ) Corps spent six weeks planning and carefully preparing their attack on the Mount Sorrel , Tor Top ( Hill 62 ) and Hill 61 peaks . Their objective was to take control of the observation positions east of Ypres and keep as many British units as possible pinned down in the area , to avoid them transferring to the Somme front and assisting with the observed build-up in that area . The Germans constructed practice trenches resembling the Canadian positions near Tor Top to rehearse the assault , well behind their own lines .
Destroyed dugouts and shelters ; prior to the war , most of the terrain here was heavily wooded .
In mid-May , aerial reconnaissance near Mont Sorrel indicated that German forces were preparing an attack . Royal Flying Corps ( RFC ) observers had noted the existence of works curiously resembling the Canadian positions , well behind the German lines . The Germans were also observed digging new sap trenches which implied that an assault was intended . The Canadian Corps had just begun developing plans to overrun the more dangerous German positions , when the Germans executed an assault of their own .
On the morning of 2 June , the German XIII Corps began a massive heavy artillery bombardment against the Canadian positions . Nine-tenths of the Canadian forward reconnaissance battalion became casualties during the bombardment . 3rd Canadian Division commander Major-General Malcolm Mercer and 8th Canadian Brigade commander Brigadier-General Arthur Victor Seymour Williams had been conducting an inspection of the front line , when the shelling began . Mercer was wounded three times and died early on 3 June ; Williams was wounded in the face and head and taken prisoner .
At 1:00pm , German pioneers detonated four mines near the Canadian forward trenches , before the Germans attacked with six battalions , five more battalions in support and an additional six in reserve . When the German forces attacked , mainly against positions held by the 8th Canadian Brigade , resistance at the front lines was `` minimal '' . For several critical hours both the 3rd Canadian Division and the 8th Canadian Brigade were leaderless and their level of defence suffered accordingly . Brigadier-General Edward Spencer Hoare Nairne of the Lahore Divisional Artillery , eventually assumed temporary command of the 3rd Canadian Division . German forces were still able to capture Mont Sorrel and Hill 61 . After advancing up to 1,100 metres ( 1,200 yd ) , the XIII Corps troops dug in . Although the road to Ypres was open and undefended , no German officer took the initiative to exceed instructions and capitalize on the success experienced by the German forces .
Failed counterattack [ edit ]
Lieutenant-General Byng assembled a hastily organized counterattack in the early hours of 3 June . Owing to the casualties in the 3rd Canadian Division , two brigades of the 1st Canadian Division were temporarily placed under the control of Brigadier-General Hoare Nairne , who had assumed command of 3rd Canadian Division . The counterattack was scheduled for 2:00 am on 3 June 1916 . Due to the distances that had to be covered by incoming units , the difficulties in communications and ever present enemy fire , the time allowed for assembly proved inadequate and the attack was postponed until 7:00 am . The signal to attack was to be six simultaneous green rockets . Some rockets misfired and did not burst , resulting in an uneven assault whereby each unit moved from their start lines at different times . The four attacking battalions suffered many casualties as they advanced over open ground in broad daylight . The attackers failed to regain any lost territory but managed to close 550 metres ( 600 yd ) gap in the line and advance the Canadian front about 910 metres ( 1,000 yd ) from the positions it had retreated to after the German assault .
British reinforcements and second German attack [ edit ]
British Expeditionary Force commander General Douglas Haig and Second Army commander General Herbert Plumer both believed it necessary to expel the Germans from the captured positions . In view of the preparations for the Somme offensive , Haig did not wish to divert more forces than were necessary . Support was limited to a number of additional artillery units and an infantry brigade from the 20th ( Light ) Division . It was suggested that the next counter-attack be carried out with the infantry available , with an emphasis on the use of large amounts of artillery .
The additional artillery units immediately went to work hampering German consolidation , by shelling their front and support lines and seeking out hostile batteries . The Germans sprung a surprise on the Canadians by exploding four large mines under trenches of the 2nd Canadian Division covering the spur at the eastern outskirts of the ruins of Hooge and a company of the Canadian 28th ( North West ) Battalion was wiped out in the explosions . The Canadians managed to hold their position and prevent the Germans from reaching their support line but Byng ultimately decided to leave the Hooge trenches in German hands and to concentrate on regaining Mount Sorrel and Tor Top . To dissuade the Germans from more attacks on the left flank of the Canadian Corps , the dismounted British 2nd Cavalry Brigade came on loan to the Canadian Corps as a counter-attack force .
Return to original lines [ edit ]
German trenches demolished by artillery
Byng ordered 1st Canadian Division commander Major-General Arthur Currie to organize a careful attack against the German positions at Mont Sorrel and Tor Top . Due to the casualties suffered during the unsuccessful counterattack of 3 June , Currie regrouped his stronger battalions into two composite brigades . Four intense bombardments of thirty minutes each were carried out between 9 and 12 June in an effort to deceive the Germans into expecting immediate attacks , which did not transpire . For ten hours on 12 June all the German positions between Hill 60 and Sanctuary Wood were shelled unremittingly . Particular attention was given to the Canadian Corps flanks , from which enfilade machine-gun fire might be expected . The following morning , the Germans were subjected to an additional 45 minutes of heavy artillery bombardment , before the assaulting troops advanced behind a generated smoke screen . The Germans are believed to have been taken largely by surprise as they offered little resistance and the Canadians were able to take approximately 200 prisoners . With the exception of the trenches at Hooge , the Germans fell back to their original lines and in a little over an hour the assault was over . On 14 June , the Germans launched two counterattacks which were repulsed , after which they advanced their trench to within 150 metres ( 490 ft ) of the Canadians but made no further assaults .
Aftermath [ edit ]
Subsequent operations [ edit ]
The Canadian Corps remained in the Ypres Salient in a stationary yet aggressive status until the beginning of September when the corps was transferred to the Somme . In the aftermath of the battle and in the wake of the death of Major-General M.S . Mercer , Canadian Corps commander Julian Byng was forced to address the politically sensitive topic of appointing a new 3rd Canadian Division commander . Canadian Minister of Militia and Defence Sam Hughes telegraphed Byng and insisted that his son , 1st Canadian Brigade commander Brigadier-General Garnet Hughes , be given command of the 3rd Canadian Division . To the fury of the minister , Byng instead promoted 2nd Canadian Brigade commander Brigadier-General Louis Lipsett , a highly regarded pre-war British regular , to the post . The minister protested and confronted Byng in August 1916 but he did not relent , insisting that `` he had nothing against Garnet Hughes there was simply a better man for the post '' . The change in command between Lieutenant-General Edwin Alderson and Julian Byng was also used as an opportunity to make additional changes . Much to the displeasure of Minister Hughes and delight of the Canadian troops , the unreliable Canadian Ross Rifle began to be replaced with the British Lee–Enfield and the Colt machine gun with the Vickers and Lewis machine guns .
Casualties [ edit ]
The German 26th Division lost 3,436 men killed , wounded or missing , the 27th Division and Reserve Regiment 11 had 1,389 casualties and the 117th Division had 940 losses . Canadian Corps casualties from 2 to 14 June were 8,430 men .
Commemoration [ edit ]
For the Canadian Corps , participation in the Battle of Mount Sorrel is commemorated with the Hill 62 ( Sanctuary Wood ) Memorial . The nearby Sanctuary Wood Museum Hill 62 contains a preserved/simulated section of front line trenches occupied by the British and Canadians between 1916 and 1917 . Allied soldiers killed during the battle are buried in the nearby Sanctuary Wood Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery , Hooge Crater Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery , Maple Copse Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery and Lijssenthoek Military Cemetery . Those killed during the battle with no known resting place are commemorated on the Menin Gate in Ypres , Belgium . The Royal Regiment of Canada conducts a Sorrel Day parade , open to the public , at the Fort York Armoury every year on the second Sunday in June .
Notes [ edit ]
This week , psychologist Susan Blackmore suggests we use a friendly bug that feasts on plastic .
“ Just imagine this , you 've got your shopping and you 're packing it into your nice cloth bag , when the person in front of you goes : “ Ugh ! ” The six plastic bags they are carrying are falling apart , dripping goo onto the floor and all over their shopping . Behind you plastic bottles are giving way , and slithering slime and water off the shelf .
It 's a newly evolved polythene-eating bacterium .
I 'd welcome this horrible-sounding bug , because we humans use something like 500 billion plastic bags a year . A few are re-used , but most are just thrown away . But , hang on a minute – there 's no such thing as “ away ” , is there ? I mean , they are burned , releasing toxic fumes , they go into landfill , or into the sea , where they kill fish , seabirds , turtles and whales . Then there 's all the bottled water people buy , even when their tap water is just as good and costs them and our environment almost nothing .
Here in the UK , we appear to be too lazy to remember to take out cloth bags or re-fillable flasks , and the government wo n't force us to do this . So perhaps this friendly bug is needed to help us out . ”
You can listen to Susan discuss her idea with tropical medicine professor Peter Piot and biomedical engineer Angela Belcher in more detail on the BBC World Service programme The Forum , where you can also download more 60-second ideas .
If you have a 60-second idea or would like to comment on this story , head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
With the 2016 Hearthstone Championship Tour coming to an exciting conclusion as we crown a new World Champion at BlizzCon , we 'd like to give you a sneak peek at what 's in store for Hearthstone esports next year !
Hearthstone Championship Tour
We introduced the 2016 Hearthstone Championship Tour ( HCT ) last year to help create a system that would bring together the most dedicated Hearthstone players in the world and showcase their ability to compete at the highest levels throughout the year . Standard also debuted with the inaugural Year of the Kraken which will wrap up when the first new Expansion of 2017 is released , ringing in the next Standard year . Through this journey , we 've learned quite a bit , and we 've heard your valuable feedback as well . We 're excited to share with you some key changes we 'll be making next year :
Global Season Championships – We 'd like to see more global clashes throughout the year , so we have combined the regional Season Championships into global Season Championships . Each of these global Season Championships next year will take place at a select host region , and will be held in venues that you can attend in-person to cheer on your favorite competitors !
– We 'd like to see more global clashes throughout the year , so we have combined the regional Season Championships into global Season Championships . Each of these global Season Championships next year will take place at a select host region , and will be held in venues that you can attend in-person to cheer on your favorite competitors ! Season Playoffs – The regional Season Preliminaries have been replaced with regional Season Playoffs , and each of the 4 regions ( Americas , Asia-Pacific , Europe , and China ) will send 4 representatives to the Season Championships each season . Each Season Playoffs will use the Swiss Tournament format and continue to include local Tavern Heroes , but they 'll be more competitive to qualify for , and include deeper prizing to reward more participants .
– The regional Season Preliminaries have been replaced with regional Season Playoffs , and each of the 4 regions ( Americas , Asia-Pacific , Europe , and China ) will send 4 representatives to the Season Championships each season . Each Season Playoffs will use the Swiss Tournament format and continue to include local Tavern Heroes , but they 'll be more competitive to qualify for , and include deeper prizing to reward more participants . Championships Synced with Standard – We 'd like to keep the tournament meta fresh and exciting , and we will work toward aligning the HCT tournaments with our Standard Year and its associated content releases . What this means for next year is that each of the global Season Championships will take place during its own content cycle . This also means that the next World Championship will take place at the end the upcoming Standard year in early 2018 .
– We 'd like to keep the tournament meta fresh and exciting , and we will work toward aligning the HCT tournaments with our Standard Year and its associated content releases . What this means for next year is that each of the global Season Championships will take place during its own content cycle . This also means that the next World Championship will take place at the end the upcoming Standard year in early 2018 . Points and Cups – We 'll be adjusting the amounts of points earned from tournaments and Ranked Play to be more evenly distributed and include more players . We 're also making improvements to the Cup system . Hearthstone Competitive Points from Ranked Play begins with the November Standard Ranked Play Season next month .
– We 'll be adjusting the amounts of points earned from tournaments and Ranked Play to be more evenly distributed and include more players . We 're also making improvements to the Cup system . Hearthstone Competitive Points from Ranked Play begins with the November Standard Ranked Play Season next month . Prize Pool – The total HCT prize pool for next year will be over $ 2 million USD . The World Championship will have a $ 1 million USD prize pool , each Season Championship will have a prize pool of a quarter million USD , and each Season Playoffs will have at least $ 20,000 USD in prizing to reward more participants .
We 're very excited about the changes to the HCT next year , and we hope that you 'll find it a more exciting playing and viewing experience—but that 's not all ! We have two new esports programs that we 'd like to introduce for Hearthstone next year detailed below .
Hearthstone Global Games
We love seeing the passion of players rooting on their fellow players , particularly their local heroes . We also love the cooperation , collaboration , and camaraderie that emerges from team-based competitions . The Hearthstone Global Games ( HGG ) aims to scratch this competitive itch and will feature teams of players from various countries battling it out weekly in a global league . Each team in the HGG will consist of the top Hearthstone Competitive Point earner from their country and three of their fellow community-voted countrypersons . Cheer on competitors from your country like never before !
Hearthstone Inn-vitationals
Looking for a more light-hearted viewing experience ? We 've got you covered with the Hearthstone Inn-vitationals ( HSI ) ! This series of exhibitions will showcase a variety of fun Hearthstone formats with some of your favorite Hearthstone personalities . Among the invitees will be popular streamers , winners of major tournaments , and celebrities . When a Hearthstone Inn-vitational rolls around , you wo n't want to miss the zany antics or “ playful banter ” that might ensue !
We hope you 've enjoyed our brief preview of the exciting updates to our Hearthstone esports programs next year . We 'll have many more details to share with you when we officially announce each of the programs next year .
We 'd also love your feedback ! Which program are you most excited about ? Let us know by tweeting @ PlayHearthstone with the # HCT , # HGG , or # HSI hashtags .
Glenn Beck admitted Tuesday he does n't normally do this , but he recently prayed to God for Vladimir Putin to meet an “ otherworldly ” end soon . To be clear , Beck is n't calling for Putin 's death or anything , just that it would be nice if , say , something horribly tragic were to happen to him .
Beck explained , “ I 've never prayed for the Lord to take anybody before , but I have started praying with my family last night that the Lord calls Mr. Putin home soon . ”
Beck riffed a bit on potential scenarios where Putin might kick the bucket , including the possibility he could get swallowed by a giant whale . He repeated , “ I do n't want any ill will to happen to him , but if it 's time for him to be called home , but it would n't suck . ”
Watch the video below , via BlazeTV :
[ photo via screengrab ]
— —
> > Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter : @ feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
There were doubts about the authenticity of WB Yeats 's bones even before they were transferred from France for reburial in Drumcliffe churchyard in September 1948 .
Aware that the poet 's remains had been scattered in an ossuary in 1946 , Yeats 's friends attempted to dissuade his widow , George , from going through with the repatriation . At the ceremony in Co Sligo the poet Louis MacNeice protested that the shiny new coffin transported by the Naval Service was more likely to contain “ a Frenchman with a club foot ” .
Recently discovered French documents have driven the last nail into the coffin . They constitute compelling evidence that the bones gathered in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin , the Riviera town where he died in 1939 , were little more than a haphazard assemblage .
Bernard Cailloux , the French diplomat who was sent to Roquebrune to locate Yeats 's missing remains early in 1948 , nine years after the poet 's death , reported that it was “ impossible to return the full and authentic remains of Mr Yeats ” and proposed asking Dr Rebouillat , the local sworn pathologist , “ to reconstitute a skeleton presenting all the characteristics of the deceased ” .
At best , Cailloux wrote , it might be possible to find “ an iron corset , a skull , and perhaps a Bible ” . Yeats had an unusually large skull , so it is conceivable that his skull was actually found and sent to Ireland .
Alfred Hollis , an Englishman who died around the same time as Yeats , and who was initially buried next to him , wore a steel corset for spinal tuberculosis . In his certificate of exhumation from March 20th , 1948 , Rebouillat based his reconstitution of Yeats 's skeleton on “ the presence of a thoracic corset ” . Yeats 's son , Michael , said he wore a leather truss for a hernia .
Hollis 's family have long claimed that it was he , not Yeats , who was sent for burial in Sligo . The French documents indicate it 's more likely that the remains were those of several people , chosen for their size from bones that were sorted by type into piles of , for example , skulls , fibulae and tibiae .
Subsequent diplomatic correspondence refers to Cailloux 's report , strongly implying that his recommendation to assemble a skeleton , from bones that Cailloux described as “ mixed pell-mell with other bones ” , was followed . The operation received the tacit acceptance of the Yeats family and the minister for external affairs , Seán MacBride , the son of Yeats 's great love , Maud Gonne .
“ We can be assured of the discretion of the family and the Irish authorities , ” Stanislas Ostrorog , the head of the French legation to Ireland , wrote to Jacques Camille Paris , the Europe director of the French foreign ministry , on August 12th , 1948 .
Ostrorog added that “ certain precautions must be taken on our side to avoid any indiscretion about the procedure undertaken a few months ago to obtain the remains of the poet . . . so that no administrative difficulties arise giving cause for suspicion ; so that no inopportune explanation is given to the Irish present at the ceremony ” .
Yeats died at the Hôtel Idéal Séjour in Roquebrune on January 28th , 1939 . “ If I die , bury me up there ” – in the churchyard at Roquebrune – “ and then in a year 's time when the newspapers have forgotten me , dig me up and plant me in Sligo , ” he instructed his wife .
The second World War prevented George from carrying out Yeats 's instructions . In June 1947 the poet 's last lover , the journalist Edith Shackleton Heald , and her lover Hannah Gluckstein , the painter known as Gluck , decided to visit Yeats 's tomb . They were appalled to learn from the local curate that Yeats had been disinterred the previous year and his bones mixed with others in the ossuary .
In her 1988 biography of Gluck , Diana Souhami recounted how Heald crouched on the floor of their hotel in Monte Carlo , sobbing and saying , “ I would know his bones anywhere. ” Gluck and Yeats 's friend Edmund Dulac conspired to cover up the dispersal of Yeats 's remains . “ All it would take would be an excessively curious tourist for the press to batten on to this with avidity and we must at all costs avoid the scandal that would arise from such a revelation , ” Dulac wrote to the curate , Abbé Biancheri .
The publication of Souhami 's book led to bitter exchanges via newspaper columns between the Hollis and Yeats families , who eventually called a truce to avoid mutual distress .
Letter to The Irish Times , October 6th 1988
In January 1948 the Times announced that George Yeats intended to repatriate the poet 's remains . Dulac and Gluck both wrote to her in protest . Gluck recounted the painstaking research she had conducted and concluded that “ these remains would be almost impossible to find , and if found , identity would be open to doubt ” .
Ostrorog , the French ambassador in Dublin , wrote to Paris , the Europe director at the foreign ministry : “ A few months ago , the poet 's son came to see me to tell me , under the seal of secrecy , that they are unable to find the poet 's remains in the Roquebrune cemetery where the inhumation had taken place in 1939 . ”
If not handled carefully , Ostrorog warned , the case “ risks causing us serious trouble . . . I was most anxious to resolve the issue , for if the family and the Irish legation were obviously guilty of negligence , the French authorities could also be taken to task if it were known that this great foreign poet , who had spent so many years of his life in France , had been thrown into a communal grave .
“ As you know , ” Ostrorog continued , “ an investigation was first carried out by Mr Cailloux , sent specially by the cabinet . Following this , the remains were collected and placed in a coffin . ”
On March 20th , 1948 , Cailloux went with five other men to the ossuary for the exhumation . Cailloux had suggested that Dr Rebouillat reconstitute a skeleton . When Rebouillat drafted the certificate of exhumation he wrote that “ recognition was established with certainty and precision . . . These bones were . . . placed in the coffin which was closed , soldered and sealed in our presence . ”
Ostrorog then “ summoned the young Yeats to inform him , without giving any details , that following an investigation , the mortal remains of his father had been collected and were currently in a coffin in Roquebrune cemetery . He thanked me wholeheartedly , avoiding asking for any other explanation . ”
A few weeks later , Ostrorog continued , he met MacBride , who “ expressed to me personally in the warmest terms his thanks for the care with which this affair had been resolved . . . We understood each other without it being spelled out . MacBride 's mother was formerly extremely close to the poet . There was obviously an interest that no incident would happen that could give rise to a press campaign . ”
Philippe Benoist , described in correspondence as a young , intelligent and discreet diplomat who was “ aware of the whole affair ” , was selected to represent France at the removal . A French army honour guard escorted the coffin from Roquebrune cemetery to the town square for a lying-in-state . Draped in the Irish Tricolour , the coffin was carried on to the Irish corvette the LE Macha , in the port of Nice , to the strains of La Marseillaise and A Nation Once Again .
“ It should notably be understood that if , by chance , the Irish were surprised to find themselves in front of a new coffin , we would explain that these measures were taken for the transport to Ireland , ” Ostrorog advised . “ The Irish ambassador in Paris will , no doubt , attend the ceremony . But he is not aware of anything . What purpose would it serve ? ”
Jacques Camille Paris classified his correspondence with Ostrorog , Cailloux 's report and Rebouillat 's certificate of exhumation as “ personal correspondence ” , an indication that he realised how sensitive they were . Paris took these documents with him to Strasbourg when he became the first secretary general of the Council of Europe .
When Paris died , in 1953 , the trunk containing the documents was given to his widow , Reine , the daughter of the French writer Paul Claudel . She stored it in the Claudel family chateau , in Brangues , in southeastern France , where it was recently opened by Daniel Paris , the son of Jacques Camille and Reine .
Daniel Paris turned the documents over to the Irish Embassy in Paris in a discreet ceremony last month . The Embassy entrusted them to French foreign-ministry archivists , who will send high-quality facsimiles to the National Library of Ireland later this year .
The fact that the documents were kept in Claudel 's chateau adds an ironic twist to the story . Yeats and Claudel had met in the early 20th century at the Tuesday literary salon of the poet Stéphane Mallarmé . Both writers were interested in symbolism and Japanese Noh theatre . Yeats referred several times to Claudel in his works .
A verse in WH Auden 's poem In Memory of WB Yeats said that Kipling and Claudel , who like Yeats held right-wing political views , would be forgiven because they had written well . Auden later deleted the verse .
The French diplomats who organised the sham remains in the hope of pleasing the Yeats family and the Irish government wove a tangled web . The facts so long hidden in Jacques Camille Paris 's trunk sit uneasily with the visit of reconciliation that Prince Charles and his wife , Camilla , made to Yeats 's grave in Drumcliffe churchyard in May .
The Yeats family , the Church of Ireland and the Sligo tourism industry are unlikely to welcome the news , especially amid celebrations of the sesquicentenary of Yeats 's birth .
Contacted by The Irish Times , the poet 's granddaughter and closest surviving relative , Caitriona Yeats , did not wish to comment , and referred us to the letter to the editor of the newspaper by Yeats 's children , Anne and Michael , published on October 6th , 1988 .
In her book George 's Ghosts : A New Life of WB Yeats , from 2000 , Brenda Maddox suggested that “ an analysis of the DNA of the bones buried at Drumcliffe would swiftly settle the matter with absolute finality ” . Irish officials shudder at the mere mention of DNA . For as Prof Warwick Gould , of the Institute of English Studies at the University of London , says , Yeats 's grave is a shrine , and “ shrines are about stones , not bones . Their symbolic significance designedly outlives human remains , which rot . ”
When Yeats wrote Under Ben Bulben , in the last month of his life , Gould says , the poet intended that his grave should provoke thought . The original draft read :
Draw rein ; draw breath
Cast a cold eye
On life , on death :
Horseman , pass by .
So Yeats placed himself in the tradition of the siste viator signs on Roman roadside tombs . “ The Latin words mean ‘ Stop , traveller , ' ” Gould says . “ They invite private reflection on what is graven upon funerary stones . ”
Devout Yeatsians say it does n't really matter whose bones lie beneath Benbulbin ; no one doubts he wrote the poems . “ I feel Yeats 's soul is in Thoor Ballylee , ” says the US lawyer , Yeats scholar and benefactor Joseph Hassett , referring to the poet 's former home in Co Galway . “ It 's less important where the body is . ”
The major European banks Barclays , Deutsche Bank , Société Générale , JP Morgan , RBC Capital Markets and Credit Suisse have made pessimistic economic predictions regarding the consequences of Scotland 's secession from the UK .
MOSCOW , September 11 ( RIA Novosti ) , Ekaterina Blinova - The major European banks Barclays , Deutsche Bank , Société Générale , JP Morgan , RBC Capital Markets and Credit Suisse have made pessimistic economic predictions regarding the consequences of Scotland 's secession from the UK .
`` The decision by six global financial institutions to raise concerns over the impact of Scottish independence has stoked fears that a Yes vote could reverse the recovery . A senior Conservative MPs warned of ‘ economic catastrophe ' across Britain within days of a vote for independence , '' the Telegraph reports .
The Independent bemoans a `` worsening exodus of global money from shares in British companies , '' referring to figures published by Société Générale . Meanwhile Nomura , Japan 's biggest bank , has told its investors about the `` cataclysmic '' prospects of a possible 15 percent drop in sterling that could result from a Yes vote . It should be noted that sterling has fallen sharply since a YouGov poll revealed that the gap between the Yes and No votes had diminished .
`` Nomura 's advice to clients such as giant pension funds was not only to pull money out of British investments , but to take out bets against British Government bonds and UK banks ' share prices , '' the British media source stresses .
`` A Yes vote would create considerable economic and political uncertainties for the UK , which would not fade quickly , '' says Citi analyst Michael Saunders , as quoted by the Daily Mail .
Economists emphasize that a Yes vote will hit the Scottish economy even harder than the British one .
`` I have a message for the Scots : Be afraid , be very afraid . The risks of going it alone are huge . You may think that Scotland can become another Canada , but it 's all too likely that it would end up becoming Spain without the sunshine , '' writes Paul Krugman , a professor of Economics and International Affairs at Princeton University , in his Op-Ed `` Scots , What the Heck ? '' published in the New York Times .
According to the major European banks , an independent Scotland will inevitably fall into recession , suffering from rising unemployment and wage cuts .
`` Scotland will be plunged into an economic crisis within days of a Yes vote . The big financial and other institutions are not going to stay in Scotland , '' said an unnamed Conservative MP as cited by the Telegraph .
The Daily Mail notes that Scottish estate agents have already reported `` a freeze in home sales . '' Buyers are waiting for the result of the referendum , expecting a `` 'flood ' of homes to be sold , '' if Scots say yes to independence , the media source underscores .
Turkey is under attack of various terrorist organizations : President Erdoğan
ANKARA
The wave of terror attacks in Turkey are not separate from what is happening in Syria and Iraq , President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said on Dec.17.In remarks made in a statement following a car bomb attack in the Central Anatolian province of Kayseri that left at least 14 soldiers killed and 56 others wounded , Erdoğan offered his condolences to the families of the fallen soldiers and wished the injured a speedy recovery.He attributed the recent terror attacks to the regional situation and hinted at its connection with recent economic fluctuations. “ The terror attacks in Turkey are not separate from what is happening in the region , especially Syria and Iraq , ” he said. “ We will fight decisively against these terror organizations in the spirit of a national mobilization , ” he said. “ Terror attacks target all 79 million citizens together with soldiers and police . Turkey is under the threat of attacks by terrorist groups ; the separatist terrorist organization is especially trying to do its best to block Turkey 's progress , ” Erdoğan added .
The Pentagon and the White House are pushing back on reports that the Obama administration is pausing drone strikes and other counterterrorism operations in Yemen , amidst the abrupt collapse of a critical partner government .
Rear Admiral John Kirby , the Pentagon 's chief spokesman , said both “ unilateral and partnered ” operations conducted by the US in Yemen against al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) “ are not suspended ” .
Continuing “ partnered ” strikes with the Yemenis provides a signal that the US still considers itself to have reliable allies on the ground to spot for drone strikes and aid in other attacks on an al-Qaida affiliate observers fear will capitalize on the unfolding unrest in the country .
Regime collapse threatens Yemen 's key role in US counter-terrorism strategy Read more
Alistair Baskey , a spokesman for the National Security Council , said reports that counterterrorism in Yemen was on hold were “ completely false ” .
“ As we have in the past , we will continue to take action to disrupt continuing , imminent threats to the United States and our citizens . We also continue to partner with Yemeni security forces in this effort , ” Baskey said .
But as Houthi rebels marching on the capital of Sanaa have upended Yemeni politics and created uncertainty about continued cooperation with the US , Kirby said the military had “ temporarily put on hold some training with the Yemenis ” .
US Central Command , which oversees training for partner Middle Eastern military forces , declined to provide additional detail .
The resignation this week of President Abd Rabbo Mansour Hadi , whom the Obama administration had cultivated to permit drone strikes , has left many in US security circles wondering if a post-Hadi government will prove as acquiescent .
Under Hadi and his predecessor , the similarly deposed long-time dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh , the Yemeni government provided a launchpad for US attacks against al-Qaida 's local affiliate in return for hundreds of millions of dollars in economic aid , military equipment and training , and unequivocal diplomatic support .
A tally kept by the New America Foundation cited 19 drone strikes in 2014 , down from a peak of 47 in 2012 . US counterterrorism officials consider AQAP to be the terrorist network 's most potent affiliate , though its attempts to attack the mainland US have yet to succeed .
Both the Joint Special Operations Command and the CIA conduct separate drone operations in Yemen . The elite US forces have also sponsored their Yemeni counterparts , a relationship meant both to ease the counterterrorism burden on the US and to provide a durable tie to “ deep state ” security services in the event of political instability of the sort on display this past week .
Another insurance policy for US counterterrorism in Yemen is an airbase in Saudi Arabia , Yemen 's northern neighbor , which the CIA uses to launch drone strikes . The CIA declined comment about the impact of the Yemeni government collapse on its missions .
Thousands march against Houthi faction in Yemen Read more
Anonymous US officials cited by the Washington Post said late on Friday that the US had lost its ability to work with Yemeni security services now under Houthi control , prompting what one called a “ breather ” in US strikes that would benefit al-Qaida .
It is unclear if military equipment provided by the US , from helicopters to communications gear , has fallen into anti-American hands , as happened earlier this year when Islamic State ( Isis ) militants overran Iraqi military positions . Several US military officials have declined to address whether the US even has knowledge of the fate of the weapons and other material it has for years provided to Yemen .
Reports from Yemen on Saturday indicated that local instability is continuing . Thousands reportedly took to the streets in Sanaa , demonstrating against the Houthi “ coup ” and chanting slogans denouncing al-Qaida . The Houthis are enemies of al-Qaida but not necessarily hospitable to the US .
An official quoted by the Washington Post said the US would be open to a counterterrorism dialogue with the Houthi leadership .
On my left is the beautiful Pacific Ocean , where perfect waves peel onto empty beaches . To my right niche cafés and cool pit-stop ‘ hang-outs ' sit in the shade of an avenue of palm trees . Between them , a four-lane road runs smooth and straight – this is California cruising at its best .
And with their all-new Bonneville Speedmaster , one of MCN 's first rides of 2018 , Triumph have provided me with the ideal bike to match the environment : the best-of-British is turning more Californian heads than the scantily dressed beach volleyball players .
The early morning sunlight amplifies the new bike 's appeal ; it 's stunning in the flesh .
MORE FIRST RIDES
Triumph has based the Speedmaster on their successful Bobber , the Hinckley factory 's fastest-selling bike in history . It receives the same engine and brakes as the recently launched Bobber Black , with twin 310mm discs up front , rather than the single disc on the original Bobber , and Brembo calipers at the front and Nissin at the rear . It 's powered by the same high-torque T120 parallel twin , with 10 % more torque at 4000rpm than the standard Bonneville and 42 % more torque and 25 % more peak power than the old Speedmaster it 's replacing .
The suspension is similar to the Bobber 's and gets that classic hardtail look , but is reworked to compensate for the extra weight of a subframe and potential pillion and luggage . The obvious changes to the standard Bobber are the laid-back styling , which includes swept back ‘ beach bars ' and forward-mounted pegs . There are new twin and single seat options , which are plush and add extra comfort . The sculpted fuel tank is new , and up from 9.1 litres to a more practical 12 .
Like the Bobber , the Speedmaster 's beauty is in the detail . Be it the seat piping or stylish and functional single clock , the battery box with heritage styling or carb-styled twin throttle-bodies , the finned exhaust clamps or hand-finished fuel tank , every time you gaze at the new Speedmaster something new seems to catch the eye .
I love the look of the new bike ; it 's stunning . My only gripe is the lack of bark from the twin exhausts , which have a clean design and look attractive but lack character . I 'd certainly be looking at the accessories catalogue for a system that offers more beef – and , luckily , Triumph offer over 100 accessories to personalise your Speedmaster ( see some of them below ) .
The Speedmaster ventures into the mountains
Thankfully , the test of the new bike ventured beyond posing along the ‘ Baywatch ' coast , and headed into the mountains . Like the Bobber , the new Speedmaster shines on proper roads , too . The steering feels fluid , and the Speedmaster rolls into corners with relative ease for a laid-back cruiser . The footpegs eventually scraped the Californian road , but ground clearance is n't bad for this type of bike and I suspect better than the competition . The twin Brembo calipers offer decent braking considering they 're stopping 245.5kg ( kerb ) of Bonnie and are backed up by uninstrusive ABS . Mountain riding is genuine fun .
But it 's the 76bhp , 1200cc parallel-twin that is the Speedmaster 's ace card . The high-torque engine will pull strongly from as low as 1800rpm , allowing you to simply short-shift at 2000rpm and surf the torque in the classic cruiser style . If you need a quick escape , the new Triumph fires away from the lights too , laying down enough power to activate the traction control .
At 70mph the motor is hardly working , hovering around 3000rpm , which results in impressive fuel economy . Triumph is quoting 54.7mpg but I averaged 64mpg and was riding aggressively at times .
At town speeds the engine can feel a little snatchy due to the sheer amount of torque available at low rpm . However , the changeable riding modes smooth out the power at low speeds – and I much preferred Rain mode ( the other being Road mode , both linked to the ride-by-wire system ) for town work and low speed cruising .
Californian cruising
A welcome surprise is the way comfort and practicality score highly , especially when compared to the standard Bobber . The laid-back bars and feet-forward riding position create a natural riding position , while the seat is wide and plush ( though the same ca n't be said for the removable pillion seat , which is tiny ) . The one touch cruise control is simple and easy to use , while 70mph cruising is effortless .
It 's a shame you ca n't incrementally adjust your speed via the cruise control . To increase your speed slightly you have to turn the system off , manually accelerate and then re-set your speed . But apart from that and the wide bars and mirrors , which make filtering hard work , I 'm struggling to find fault .
The Speedmaster was cool . It made me want to stay on and explore the epic roads and coast of southern California – I really could n't think of a better bike to do it on . The cocktail of desirability , English character , ease-of-use , power and handling is as heady as it is satisfying .
Speedmaster highlights
T120 high-torque twin
Proven bobber chassis
Over 100 custom options
New subframe and pillion seat
Laid-back riding stance
Optional Speedmaster kit
HIGHWAY – £13,550
Black waxed cotton + leather pannier set with mounting kits
Adjustable wind shield with mounting kit
Black comfort seat and matching wider pillion seat
Chrome passenger back rest , luggage rack and pad
Chrome engine bars
Polished machined oil filler cap
MAVERICK – £13,450
Brown quilted single rider seat kit
Flatter , lower handlebars in black
Vance and Hines pipes in black
Black exhaust headers and header flanges
Grab rail removal kit
Black rear mudguard
Black oil filler cap
Speedmaster facts
Price : £11,650 ( red £11,765 , white and black with twin coach line £11,900 )
Engine : 1200cc 8v parallel-twin
Frame : Tubular steel twin cradle
Seat height : 705mm
Suspension : Non-adjustable 41mm KYB forks ; single KYB rear shock with preload adjustment .
Brakes : 2 x 310mm discs with two-piston Brembo calipers ; 255mm rear disc with single-piston Nissin caliper
Colours : Red , while/black , black .
Power : 76bhp @ 6100rpm
Torque : 78ftlb @ 4000rpm
Weight : 245.5kg ( kerb )
Tank capacity : 12 litres
You can also watch MCN on YouTube
The new law represents one the biggest overhauls of surveillance legislation in Germany 's history . Under the new rules , investigators can install malware on smartphones , tablets and computers that lets them read WhatsApp messages and other personal communication . Installing the so-called `` State Trojan '' will allow investigators to circumvent any encryption , since they 're getting their intelligence straight from the source - they see whatever the suspect sees on his devices .
In addition to this real-time surveillance of communication , the new law will also allow authorities to install malware to read anything and everything that 's saved on a device . In effect , the change means that authorities can access a copy of a suspect 's hard drive .
Politicians from the governing coalition of CDU , CSU and SPD say the new law is necessary to keep up with terrorists and other criminals , who mostly communicate online and not via phone calls anymore .
`` This is how we facilitate efficient , cutting-edge law enforcement that 's keeping us all safe , '' Michael Frieser , domestic policy expert with the conservative CSU , said in the Bundestag on Thursday .
To critics , the new law is n't so much cutting-edge as it is dangerously invasive . They say it violates privacy rights and is n't in line with rules handed down from the Constitutional Court , Germany 's highest judicial body .
Read also :
German minister advocates rule change to allow surveillance of children
Questions surround German government 's refugee phone surveillance law
Essential addition or violation of the constitution ?
Hans-Christian Ströbele , a member of the Bundestag and its judiciary committee for the Green Party , says he understands that there are certain reasons to consider the surveillance of online communication . But he believes the new law is the wrong way to do it .
Ströbele : The pretense for this law is terrorism , but it 'll be applied to all sorts of offenses
`` The Constitutional Court has instated a number of rules for a law like this , which are n't being adhered to , '' Ströbele told DW .
`` It has to be guaranteed , for example , that all private and intimate conversation is excluded from the information the Trojan allows investigators to see . But this is n't fulfilled . ''
Patrick Sensburg , a Bundestag member of the judiciary committee for the CDU , stated that Ströbele misrepresented the rules laid out by the Constitutional Court , saying they only refer to previous private conversation . `` Of course it would be included in surveillance when the suspect is ordering a pizza from his smartphone , '' Sensburg told DW . `` But investigators would n't be able to scroll to previous conversations on that phone . ''
Sensburg and other members of the governing coalition believe that the new law is essential to give police legal backing in their fight against crime .
`` In times of permanent terrorist danger , we have to close security holes , '' is how Eva Högl , vice chair of the SPD parliamentary group , put it in a statement for DW .
The piggyback law
Another point of contention is how the law was introduced in the Bundestag . The new surveillance measures were a late addition to another bill that suggested minor changes in Germany 's criminal code .
Sensburg : We 've been having this debate for more than three years
Ströbele criticized that parliamentarians were informed about the added changes with very short notice and did n't have time to prepare for an informed discussion .
Sensburg said that the possibility of online communication surveillance was written into the coalition agreement after the previous federal election in 2013 and has been a topic of discussion ever since . But the German Lawyers Association agrees with the opposition , saying the whole process seems rushed .
`` One ca n't help but get the impression that this serious infraction of civil liberties was deliberately hidden in a regular adjustment bill to push it through quickly and without discussion , '' Ulrich Schellenberg , the president of the German Lawyers Association , wrote in an email to DW .
Ströbele goes even further . `` The procedure was undemocratic and unparliamentary , '' the Green Party politician said . `` A law as important as this one has to be discussed in parliament in great detail and that was n't possible at all . They 're basically passing their law in this piggyback manner . ''
Poop may be the power of the future if scientists at the US Department of Energy 's Pacific Northwest National Laboratory have anything to do with it . Researchers have developed a way to convert sewage sludge into a form of crude oil called biocrude by pumping it through a pressurized tube , the PNNL recently announced .
Here 's how it works : inside the tube , the pungent mixture is heated to about 650 degrees Fahrenheit and squeezed at pressures of 3,000 pounds per square inch , according to a report the scientists published over the summer . Fats already in the wastewater help lubricate its path . What comes out is a watery liquid and the biocrude that 's apparently close enough to petroleum to be refined the same way .
Called hydrothermal liquefaction , what these researchers are doing is a smaller scale , sped up version of the same process that converts organic matter into petroleum deep in the Earth over millions of years . It 's similar to the technique researchers at the PNNL developed a few years ago to generate fuel from algae .
We 've been seeing promises of a fecal future for awhile now . Scientists at Stanford created a microbial battery powered by poop in 2013 , and many research teams are working on ways to convert poop to methane , a component in natural gas . None of these seem to have really taken off .
But the scientists at the PNNL think their technique stands a chance because of its efficiency , estimating that about 60 percent of the carbon in the sludge winds up in the biocrude . In fact , we could be seeing it in municipal wastewater plants soon . According to a news release , a company called Genifuel Corporation licensed the technology and is working on rolling out a test facility in Vancouver as soon as 2018 . ( The project 's estimated to cost less than $ 7 million American dollars . )
Of course , burning a fuel made from poop would still generate carbon emissions . But if our supply of fossil fuels came from local wastewater facilities rather than from oilfields across the country , it could help reduce our dependance on leaking pipelines , leaking ships , exploding oil rigs , exploding trains , and destructive mining practices .
Correction November 15th 10AM ET : A previous version of this story incorrectly referred to poop biocrude as a fossil fuel . We regret the error .
“ Next . ”
Varko gave the hydro-dispenser on his desk a quick tap , then rubbed the fluids into the skin of his hands . He 'd heard it could take a few weeks to get used to spending so much time out of the water . Adjusting to surface work was tougher than he 'd imagined , but Varko was determined to power through .
When he looked up , an offworlder had arrived at his desk , identification in hand . A human . Varko was still getting the hang of telling their genders apart ; he was fairly sure this was a male . Small cybernetic implants dotted the tan skin of his face . The fur on top of his head was short and spiked up – Varko had seen a few humans who 'd shaved off their fur patches , and could n't understand why they did n't all do so . Much less ugly that way . “ Welcome to Manaan . Identification , please . ”
The human handed over his credentials . “ Thank you . You speak Basic very well . ”
Varko assessed whether he was being complimentary or condescending ; the human was showing his bony little teeth , a sign of happiness in their species , so Varko took his words as sincere . “ I studied for many years , thank you . Tev Fith , is it ? ”
“ Tev Fith , that 's me . Most people do n't say it right. ” His teeth were showing again ; apparently this human was easily impressed .
“ You travel often , then ? ” The computer revealed him to be a Republic citizen , and listed several other planets he 'd visited .
“ I do , I do… my first time here , though . That 's probably true for most of your visitors , huh ? ”
“ It is , yes. ” The customs center had opened along with the rest of the Mercantile Plaza , the first surface structure opened to offworld visitors in decades . “ What is the purpose of your visit ? ”
“ Hoping to spend most of my time out on the water , but I guess my boss expects me to do a bit of work , too. ” When Varko did n't say anything , he continued , “ I do research . Air and water samples , sensor scans , that kind of stuff . ”
“ For what purpose ? ”
“ Honestly , I did n't read the contract too closely . Think it 's for a biotech firm . Probably looking to sell their products here , want to make sure the climate is hospitable . I can get the details if I need a permit or something . ”
“ Only if you intend to travel more than two hundred meters distance or fifty meters depth from this platform . The Order does n't allow offworld visitors beyond that without special clearance . ”
“ Oh , you know , I think my boss might have put in the request when he got here . Maybe you spoke to him – big guy , shaved head ? ”
The human without fur ! Varko knew he 'd seen one recently , and nodded confirmation as he 'd learned humans do . “ Yes , two days ago . One of the largest offworlders I 've met . ”
More teeth . “ Could you check and see if he put in a request for my permit while he was at it ? ”
Varko brought up the records on his computer , found the larger human 's image . “ Yes , he entered a request for two permits to allow deep subsurface travel , starting tomorrow. ” Varko paused when he saw the record for the second person . “ The second permit is for someone else entirely , however . ”
Fith scrunched his face muscles . Confusion ? “ Huh . Must not have been my boss after all . Do n't worry about it . ”
“ Are you sure ? Perhaps the records were entered incorrectly. ” Varko hid his files , displaying only the larger human 's face as he turned the screen toward Fith . “ Is that your employer ? ”
Fith looked at the screen only briefly . “ Nope , I do n't work for that guy . Boss must have talked with a different customs agent . ”
Varko nodded again . “ Yes , that must be it . Would you like to begin your own permit request ? ”
The human 's head twisted gently , side to side . “ No , I 'm sure if I needed one , my boss would 've put in the request himself . I 'll just head for my room and get in touch with him from there . ”
Varko handed Fith 's credentials back to him . “ Have a pleasant stay , Master Fith . ”
“ Thanks ! ” Another flash of teeth as he walked away .
Varko closed out Fith 's computer file and reached for the hydro-dispenser again . “ Next . ”
* * *
The rest of the day passed smoothly . As Varko 's shift was about to end , another human arrived at Varko 's desk . This one appeared to be female , with even more head fur than the male and paler skin . “ Welcome to Manaan . Identification , please . ”
She did not show her teeth . “ You do n't need to see my identification . ”
Varko agreed enthusiastically .
“ A male Pureblood Sith arrived here two days ago . You 'd like to tell me where he is . ”
Varko was excited to help . He loaded the file on his computer and told her about everything on record , including the Sith 's subsurface travel permit and that of his companion –the large , furless human Varko had mistakenly identified earlier .
“ Thank you . Now that your work is done here , it 's time you got home , is n't it ? Such a boring and forgettable day , I 'm sure . ”
Varko logged out of the computer and got to his feet as she walked away . When he stepped through the door to his apartment , his head suddenly felt strange . He decided he 'd just spent too long out of the water , rubbed his head and changed to go for a swim . Selkath belonged in the water , free to soar among the currents ; not spending countless hours sitting behind a desk . By the time he was ready , he found he could n't recall even one interesting thing happening all day .
Such a boring and forgettable day .
RICHMOND , Calif. — Geneva Eaton has learned to deal with life in Hacienda : the stench of mold from the stairwell in front of her door , the winter she spent huddled at her stove for heat , the broken security gate that allows drug dealers and squatters to walk past the paid security guards and urinate on her doorstep . But the mice were too much .
For eight months , the 73-year-old woke to handfuls of half-dead mice wriggling in the glue traps lining the floors and cupboard of her apartment . In the space of a few hours , she caught 12 . She put her nicest family belongings into storage . She went to bed with the lights on , afraid that the vermin she heard chewing through her walls would bite her in her sleep .
Officials at the Richmond Housing Authority know the Hacienda high-rise , one of its five public housing projects , is infested with mice and roaches . Residents have filed more than 80 complaints about it in the past year , according to agency records . But maintenance workers had done little to fix the problem . So for months , Eaton lived a daily routine : She threw out food she could barely afford . She called a maintenance line for help . She bathed her walls in bleach in the hopes of scaring away the insects .
Eaton lives in one of the worst apartment buildings managed by one of the worst public housing agencies in the country . Here in Richmond , some of the poorest , oldest and most vulnerable people in the Bay Area live in squalor and fear due to the housing agency 's mismanagement and neglect , The Center for Investigative Reporting has found .
There were at least 16 life-threatening health and safety violations at the five public housing projects managed by the housing authority , according to the two most recent years of U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development reports . Seniors and disabled residents lived amid exposed wiring and missing smoke detectors and fire alarms . Most well-kempt housing projects do n't have these major health and safety violations , HUD says .
Nearly 1 in 5 apartments in the Hacienda and Nevin Plaza complexes are infested with insects and cockroaches , inspection records show .
Read the entire investigation by The Center for Investigative Reporting , produced in collaboration with the San Francisco Chronicle and KQED .
The Tippecanoe County Sheriff 's Merit Board promoted Travis Dowell Friday to lieutenant . Dowell has been a deputy since 1993 . ( Photo : Provided/Tippecanoe County Sheriff 's Office )
LAFAYETTE , Ind . —Travis L. Dowell , Tippecanoe County sheriff 's newest lieutenant , is proof that second chances exist .
The February promotion of Terry Ruley to captain of patrol left a lieutenant 's position vacant , and the sheriff department 's merit commission promoted Dowell to lieutenant Friday from a field of three candidates .
Dowell has been with the sheriff 's office for 24 years . He said he was humbled by the promotion and is grateful that the sheriff 's office and its merit commission appreciate his work . Dowell had been promoted in October to sergeant .
He will command one of the department 's patrol night shifts , according to a statement published by the sheriff 's office .
This is the second time that Dowell has served as a lieutenant on the department .
In February 2009 , Dowell was a lieutenant with the sheriff 's office when deputies were called to his home in Clarks Hill . He got into a fight with his daughter , and a special prosecutor later charged Dowell with felony charges of battery and strangulation , as well as a misdemeanor charge of criminal mischief .
Dowell completed a deferment program in October 2010 , and the charges were dismissed .
In 2009 , Dowell was demoted to sergeant , but Dowell voluntarily demoted himself back to deputy , according to Journal & Courier news reports .
Asked about his last eight years , Dowell said , “ I just kept coming to work and doing what they asked of me .
`` My heart 's always been in law enforcement , and I 've always cared about the people of Tippecanoe County . ”
Joe Bumbleburg , a member of the merit commission , said the commission knew of Dowell 's past .
`` He 's earned his way back , '' Bumbleburg said . `` We think Travis has proven he can be a good citizen and is a good officer . ''
“ The guy took his penalties in those days and has grown out of it nicely , ” Bumbleburg said .
J & C breaking news reporter Ron Wilkins can be reached at 765-420-5231 ; follow on Twitter @ RonWilkins2
Read or Share this story : http : //on.jconline.com/2lIPfBI
Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-VT ) appears on 'The Rachel Maddow Show ' on Sept. 17 , 2015 . [ MSNBC ]
Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-VT ) kept up his criticism of the Republican presidential candidates on Thursday night , pointing out their refusal to address several issues , seemingly without repercussions .
“ Republicans get away with murder , because they are never challenged , ” he told MSNBC host Rachel Maddow . “ Last night , I have to tell you , I did quit after two-and-a-half hours . The energy was just sucked out of my body . I was exhausted watching this stuff . ”
Sanders offered live commentary on Twitter during the debate on Wednesday night , arguing that each of the 11 candidates was boasting about a tough foreign policy .
“ Did you hear one word from anybody who said , ‘ Well , climate change is a real threat to the planet — we need bold action ? ' No , ” the Democratic candidate told Maddow . “ Did you hear one person say , ‘ The real value of the minimum wage has declined significantly over the years — we need to raise the minimum wage ? ' No . ”
Maddow also showed footage of Republican front-runner Donald Trump 's anecdote during the event linking autism to vaccine , which was not shot down by Sen. Rand Paul ( R-KY ) or Ben Carson , both of whom are or were medical professionals .
“ It made me feel like last night 's Republican debate was like a public health hazard in addition to everything else it was , ” she said .
“ I think the evidence is overwhelming that vaccines do not cause autism , ” the senator responded . “ And it really is a little bit weird for Trump — who , I presume , has no medical background — to be raising this issue . And obviously it is a concern . When somebody like that says it , you 're gon na find thousands of people now who are gon na hesitate to give their kids the shots , and bad things may happen . ”
Watch footage from the interview , as aired on Thursday , below .
MILAN ( Reuters ) - China National Chemical Corporation ( ChemChina ) agreed on Sunday to buy tire maker Pirelli in a 7.1 billion euro ( $ 7.7 billion ) deal that will place one of the symbols of Italy 's manufacturing industry in Chinese hands .
Pirelli tyres are pictured at a tyre specialist center in Turin , March 18 , 2014 . REUTERS/Giorgio Perottino
The deal with Pirelli 's shareholders is the latest in a string of takeovers in Italy by cash-rich Chinese buyers , who can take advantage of a weak euro just as signs emerge that Europe is coming out of economic stagnation .
It will give ChemChina access to technology to make premium tires , which can be sold at higher margins , and give the Italian company a larger presence in the huge Chinese market .
ChemChina 's tire making unit China National Tire & Rubber will first buy the 26.2 percent Italian holding firm Camfin owns in Pirelli and will then launch a mandatory takeover bid for the rest .
The bid will be launched by a vehicle controlled by the Chinese state-owned group and partly owned by Camfin investors - Pirelli 's boss Marco Tronchetti Provera , Italian banks UniCredit and Intesa Sanpaolo , and Russia 's Rosneft , Camfin said in a statement .
The offer will be launched at 15 euros per share , valuing the group at 7.1 billion euros excluding net debt of almost 1 billion euros at the end of 2014 . The ChemChina unit also envisages taking the world 's fifth-largest tire maker private .
As details of the deal were leaked on Friday , shares in Milan-listed Pirelli , which started business 143 years ago producing rubber items , rose to a 25-year high and topped the 15 euro buyout price , prompting analysts to say shareholders may want to think twice before tendering their shares at that level .
Sources close to the matter said on Friday the deal with the Chinese group will mean Rosneft , which is facing international sanctions due to the Ukraine crisis and needs to cut debt , reduces its stake in Pirelli .
The agreement would give ChemChina access to technology used in making lucrative premium tires and could help China , already a global player in sectors such as telecoms and internet , develop its automotive industry .
In turn Pirelli , whose tires equip cars in Formula One motor racing , would have more bandwidth to compete against larger rivals such as Michelin and Continental which are looking for growth in Asia .
Camfin said on Sunday Pirelli 's less profitable truck and industrial tire business would be folded into ChemChina 's listed unit AEOLUS , allowing it to double its output .
The new Chinese owners will pick a new chairman while Tronchetti Provera , who started working in the tire maker in 1986 after marrying a member of the Italian family that founded the firm , will remain chief executive .
Previous Chinese acquisitions in Italy , the euro zone 's third-largest economy , include stakes in power grid firms Terna and Snam , turbine maker Ansaldo and luxury yacht maker Ferretti [ FRREF.UL ] .
Excluding the financial sector , Italy is the second-biggest acquisition market for China in Europe and fifth-largest worldwide with 10 deals completed since the start of 2014 , according to Thomson Reuters data .
( $ 1 = 0.9221 euros )
Pardon our dust ! This site is currently under construction ! For the latest information , please visit us at www.clarkesquare.org/ciclovia !
Ciclovia MKE is a free public event that opens a route of car-free streets to bike , play , and exercise . The initiative is part of an international network of Open Streets movements that advocate for healthy lifestyles , families , and communities by utilizing city streets for recreational activities .
Walk , Dance , Play , and Bike ! Ciclovia MKE returns for the fourth summer of open streets and healthy neighborhoods !
What : Ciclovia MKE - Open Streets MKE , Southside event
When : June 17 , 2018
Time : 12 - 3 p.m .
Where : Clarke Square
Route : Along Chavez & National
Ciclovía MKE is made possible in part by these partner organizations :
Wisconsin Bike Federation
Cesar E. Chavez Business Improvement District
Clarke Square Neighborhood Initiative
Sixteenth Street Community Health Centers
Bublr Bikes
Learn more about the Ciclovia worldwide !
Most days , the back room of the Animal Endocrine Clinic in Manhattan is home to half a dozen cats convalescing in feline luxury . They lounge in their own individual “ condos , ” each equipped with a plush bed , a raised perch and a cozy box for hiding . Classical music plinks softly from speakers overhead . A television plays cat-friendly videos — birds chirping , squirrels scampering . Patients can also tune in to the live version : A seed-stuffed bird feeder hangs directly outside each window .
One afternoon in April , a jet-black cat named Nubi assumed a predatory crouch in his condo as a brawny pigeon landed on a feeder . Dr. Mark Peterson , the soft-spoken veterinarian who runs the clinic , opened the door to Nubi 's condo and greeted the 12-year-old tom in a lilting , high-pitched voice . “ How are you ? ” Peterson asked , reaching in to scratch his patient 's soft chin . Nubi , who typically is so temperamental that his owner jokes about needing a priest to perform an exorcism , gently acquiesced , then turned back to the bird . Peterson seemed eager to linger with each of Nubi 's four feline neighbors — Maggie , Biggie , Fiji and Napoleon — but , he warned , “ these cats back here are radioactive . ”
He meant that literally . The previous day , all five animals received carefully titrated doses of radioactive iodine , designed to destroy the overactive cells that had proliferated in their thyroid glands and flooded their bodies with hormones . These cats are among the millions suffering from hyperthyroidism , one of the most mysterious diseases in veterinary medicine . When Peterson entered veterinary school in 1972 , feline hyperthyroidism seemingly did n't exist ; today , he treats nothing else . In the intervening decades , hyperthyroidism somehow became an epidemic in cats , and no one knows why . “ I 've devoted most of my time in the last 35 years to this , ” said Peterson , who noted that he has treated more than 10,000 hyperthyroid cats , “ and I still have more questions than I have answers . ”
Although definitive answers remain elusive , scientists are narrowing in on one possible explanation : A steady drumbeat of research links the strange feline disease to a common class of flame retardants that have blanketed the insides of our homes for decades . But even as the findings may answer one epidemiological question , they raise another in its place . If household chemicals are wreaking havoc on the hormones of cats , what are they doing to us ?
SANFORD — The Seminole County man convicted of shooting at George Zimmerman was sentenced Monday to 20 years in prison .
A Seminole County jury found Matthew Apperson , 37 , guilty last month of attempted second-degree murder , armed aggravated assault and shooting into a vehicle .
Matthew Apperson is on trial for attempted second-degree murder after firing a shot at George Zimmerman . ( Red Huber / Orlando Sentinel ) ( Red Huber / Orlando Sentinel )
Circuit Judge Debra S. Nelson handed down the state-mandated minimum : 20 years for shooting at another person with a gun .
Moments before Apperson was sentenced , his wife , Lisa , accused the judge of making unfair rulings and allowing an innocent man to go to jail .
Evidence photos from the Lake Mary Police Department of damage to George Zimmerman 's truck after the Matthew Apperson shooting .
Seminole County authorities have `` given George Zimmerman a golden ticket to go out and do whatever he wants to do , '' Lisa Apperson said .
Zimmerman is the former Neighborhood Watch volunteer acquitted of murder after fatally shooting Trayvon Martin , an unarmed black 17-year-old , in 2012 in Sanford .
Since his 2013 acquittal , police have been called to several confrontations involving Zimmerman . They include a dispute with his estranged wife and his father-in-law about how to divide up belongings and an accusation by a girlfriend who accused him of threatening her with a gun .
Apperson 's mother , Janet White , said her son acted in self-defense and the real `` bad man '' is Zimmerman .
`` We will hold our collective breaths to see what outrageous acts he performs next , '' White said in court .
Apperson shot at Zimmerman on May 11 , 2015 as the two men drove down Lake Mary Boulevard in separate vehicles . Apperson told police that Zimmerman had pointed a gun at him first , but Zimmerman told jurors that was a lie .
The bullet shattered the passenger-side window of Zimmerman 's truck and lodged in the frame above the driver 's window . He suffered minor injuries from glass or metal fragments .
Zimmerman sees a doctor in the same business plaza where Apperson worked , and the shooting was their second confrontation .
On Sept. 9 , 2014 , the two men shouted at each other from separate vehicles . Apperson accused Zimmerman of threatening him and called the authorities but did not prosecute .
In court Monday , Zimmerman described Apperson as dangerous .
`` The crux here is Mr. Apperson 's blatant disregard for my life , any life … anybody driving up and down Lake Mary Boulevard , '' Zimmerman told the judge .
He also said Apperson `` joyfully bragged '' that he had killed Zimmerman that day .
Defense attorney Michael LaFay asked Nelson to free Apperson , a paralegal , while he files an appeal .
The judge said no . Apperson fired a gun at someone in a moving vehicle on a busy street , creating a threat to public safety , she said .
Apperson has been in jail since July 31 , 2015 . He had been free on bond , but then prosecutors charged him with urinating on his neighbor 's front door , a violation of his pretrial release .
On Monday the judge cited that incident as another reason he should not be released on bail .
rstutzman @ orlandosentinel.com or 407-650-6394
Eric Unger , a student at Illinois State University , had to have his jaw wired shut after he was beaten off campus on April 21 , 2012 . He said he was targeted because he is openly gay . ( Credit : CBS )
A suburban college student was beaten at Illinois State University over the weekend and he said he was targeted because he was gay .
CBS 2 's Pamela Jones reports Eric Unger was beaten so badly , his jaw had to be wired shut .
Unger spoke out about the attack while recovering at his home in Deerfield .
“ They just wanted to hurt somebody , ” Unger said .
The wires holding his fractured jaw together only tell part the story of the attack he survived early Saturday morning .
“ The last thing I remember is just being blindsided by six or eight guys , and then I woke up on the concrete , ” he said .
He was left bruised and bleeding on the ground in the 100 block of west Willow Street in Normal , Ill. , off the ISU campus , where Unger goes to school .
He said it all started when someone knocked his cell phone right out of his hand , as he was walking home alone . That 's when a group of six to eight African-American males jumped him .
“ Saying ‘ I 'm gon na beat your ass . ' Things like ‘ I 'll kill you , ' like ‘ You 're a f * * , ' ” Unger said .
He believes the group targeted him because he 's openly gay .
“ I know this is a hate crime , just because of the words that they said and just how they were saying it , ” Unger said . “ You know , if there was a group of white guys , you know , attacking a black guy , saying [ discriminatory ] words to him , that would be a hate crime , would n't it ? ”
His sister , Jill Unger , said “ we came face-to-face with something that was just totally unprovoked hatred . ”
Eric and his sister think the group assumed he was gay and it stirred their anger .
They hope someone turns the suspects in .
But , right now , Eric is focused on finishing his last two weeks of school , and moving on .
“ You know , I 'm not going to let these people scare me , ” Eric said .
He 's a family and consumer sciences major . He graduates in two weeks , and by then he 'll still have two to three weeks of recovery left .
His dad believes there 's a racial element to this as well .
Police said they 're not sure yet if it 's a hate crime , and they do n't have any suspects .
They tell the Chicago Phoenix there were no witnesses , but they are investigating with consideration to the fact that anti-gay slurs were used by the assailants .
The European Central Bank is expected to unveil a multibillion , if not trillion dollar , bond buying program , to save the troubled euro economy . One analyst suggests ‘ easy money ' has failed in the past , and direct payment to people would be more effective .
In a bid to battle eurozone deflation , the European Central Bank is considering a massive cash injection into the bloc 's economy .
If the bank takes the aggressive step , it will announce a €1.1 trillion deal , or €50 billion in bond purchases per month through December 2016 , according to two euro-area central bank officials , Bloomberg News reports . A milder €500 billion package was previously suggested .
READ MORE : 5 simple facts about US ‘ easy money '
An alternative is put forward by financial analyst Ben Dyson who advocates that ‘ helicopter ' money would better help stimulate the eurozone economy , or writing each citizen a check for €1,500-2,000 , instead of making the rich even richer by inflating the stock market .
“ If you gave that money directly to people and allowed them to spend it , that would create a recovery much faster than QE , ” Dyson told RT .
READ MORE 'Easy money ' a relief for financiers , burden for most Americans - former Fed trader
Private bond buying has been employed by the Bank of England , the US Federal Reserve , and the Bank of Japan .
QE “ has n't been effective in the US or the UK , what is has done is pushed up financial asset prices , it 's made the very wealthy even wealthier- very little of that money has trickled down to the real economy , ” Dyson said .
The ‘ helicopter ' money scenario was named by American economist Milton Friedman , who in 1969 suggested the unorthodox money stimulus plan , which actually involved dropping cash from helicopters for people to pick up .
“ The basic idea is by flooding money into these financial markets you make people that have investments in the market wealthier , ” Dyson said .
The eurozone economy has been depressed by deflation and slow recovery from recession , and ECB President Mario Draghi has promised to do “ whatever it takes ” to kick-start growth .
Draghi will meet with bank governors on Thursday and will make a rate decision announcement at 13:45 CET in Frankfurt , which will be followed by a news conference at 14:30 CET .
A similar call may tell you you 're headed to Disneyland ! But you did n't win anything .
There are also the bogus charities and offers to make tons of cash working from home .
All of these fakers are out to get your money and personal information .
`` The caller may be asking for a processing fee in order to get your personal banking information or they simply want the processing fee and have no intention of providing you with the vacation , Ontario 's Ministry of consumer services says on its website .
`` Do not give out personal information such as credit card numbers or bank account numbers . Thieves can use your personal information to steal your identity . ''
You might just hang up if you 're aware this is all an elaborate trick , but one Arizona woman decided to have fun with the situation .
She played along , messing with her scammer and put the exchange on YouTube .
The video is about 12 minutes long and contains some adult language .
Amy Wellman received a call informing her she won $ 8,000 for no reason at all . All Wellman needed to do to get the money from the U.S. Government Treasury Grant Department - which is not a real thing - is provided her bank account information .
The 24-year-old from Scottsdale continued to troll the scammer with questions like , `` It does n't matter that I am a criminal though , right ? ''
`` When you receive it you have to use only a good purpose , '' the scammer says . `` Not for bad purposes like drugs . ''
`` The name of [ my ] bank is Piggy Bank , '' Wellman says when asked .
After being asked what type of account that is , she responds with , `` I guess you 'd call it a savings account . I 've saved up a lot in my piggy bank . ''
Baltimore Ravens tight end Dennis Pitta will attempt a comeback in 2016 after not playing last season .
the Ravens said in a statement Wednesday that Pitta 's contract has been restructured .
Editor 's Picks Hensley : Pitta needs to take a hit before knowing if he 's ready Until Dennis Pitta takes a hit in camp , there is no certainty he will be catching passes from Joe Flacco in the regular season , especially considering he has had his hip surgically repaired twice and has n't taken a hit in 23 months , Jamison Hensley writes .
`` Dennis wants to continue his playing career , and we want to give him that opportunity , '' GM and executive vice president Ozzie Newsome said in the statement . `` We have reworked his contract , and we 're excited to help him with his comeback . Everyone here wants Dennis to succeed . ''
Pitta , 30 , decided to return in 2016 after consulting with doctors and weighing the risks of playing with a right hip that has been surgically repaired twice . He has n't played since September 2014 , when he fractured his hip in Cleveland after falling to the ground without being hit .
In the middle of last season , Pitta made a concerted effort to come back and practiced for a three-week window under the physically unable to perform list rules . But he was never activated because , after talking with doctors , he decided not to play the remaining eight games .
`` I am thankful for this opportunity to continue my career , '' Pitta said in the Ravens statement . `` I 'm excited to get back to work with my teammates and for this organization . Physically , I feel great and am ready to begin building toward a successful 2016 season . ''
The Ravens signed Pitta to a five-year , $ 32 million deal before the 2014 season that included $ 16 million guaranteed . Since that contract , Pitta has played in three games , catching 16 passes .
Baltimore had prepared to move forward without Pitta . The Ravens selected three tight ends in the previous two drafts -- Crockett Gillmore , Maxx Williams and Nick Boyle -- and signed free agent Benjamin Watson to a two-year , $ 7 million contract this offseason .
WFDF Announces New Ruleset : Fouls , Picks , Mixed Division See Substantive Changes
What do you think of the new rules ?
The World Flying Disc Federation has announced a new set of rules , effective immediately , for international competition and most competition outside of North America .
The rules have not undergone major changes in this 2017 update , although there are some updates that could have a substantial impact on game play . WFDF has released a full set of rules , tracked changes , and a summary ( plus a new appendix and tracked changes ) .
Many of the alterations are designed to better conform with USA Ultimate 's 11th Edition rules , which govern play in North America . WFDF and USAU have been working in recent years to align their rulesets more closely . That could suggest that some of the WFDF rule changes will foreshadow the 12th edition rules that are expected from USA Ultimate sometime this year .
There are too many rule changes to list them all here ( see the summary for a complete list ) , but here are a few of the most noteworthy changes and their possible impact on the game ( relevant changes are in bold ) .
Boy Scouts of America Moves to Lift Ban on Gay Adults by Summer 's End
The Boy Scouts of America has moved one step closer to ending the group 's ban on gay adults serving as employees or volunteers , with the national executive committee approving a resolution to lift the ban .
The resolution , OK 'd unanimously Friday , requires ratification from the national executive board , the BSA 's governing body , which will consider it July 27 . But if ratified , it will go into effect immediately , reports Scouts for Equality , an organization that has advocated for an end to the ban .
At the BSA 's national meeting in May , its president , former Defense Secretary Robert Gates , had said the ban must end “ sooner rather than later. ” The group lifted its ban on gay and bisexual youth members at the beginning of 2014 , but the prohibition on gay and bi adults remained .
A statement released by the BSA mentions “ the rapid changes in society and increasing legal challenges at the federal , state , and local levels. ” The group could face lawsuits in states with gay-inclusive nondiscrimination laws if the policy continues , and Gates has acknowledged that the policy has become increasingly difficult to defend in court , given advances in gay rights laws .
While lifting the across-the-board ban on gay and bisexual adults in scouting , the resolution does “ allow each individual troop or unit to determine its own policy regarding the eligibility of openly gay or bisexual scoutmasters or other adult leaders , ” according to Scouts for Equality 's summary . This means that church-sponsored troops , for instance , would not have to allow gay leaders .
It also bars regional governing councils or nontroop institutions , such as Boy Scout camps , from discriminating against employees and volunteers based on sexual orientation , and allows previously removed leaders to reapply for their positions .
Zach Wahls , executive director of Scouts for Equality , issued a statement praising the move . “ For decades , the Boy Scouts of America 's ban on gay adults has stood as a towering example of explicit , institutional homophobia in one of America 's most important and recognizable civic organizations , ” said Wahls , an Eagle Scout and the son of two mothers . “ While this policy change is not perfect — BSA 's religious chartering partners will be allowed to continue to discriminate against gay adults — it is difficult to overstate the importance of today 's announcement . ”
The Human Rights Campaign also saw the resolution as progress but denounced the religious exemption . “ The vote by the executive committee to recommend that gay , lesbian and bisexual adults be allowed to work and volunteer for the Boy Scouts is a welcome step toward erasing a stain on one of our nation 's most storied organizations , ” HRC President Chad Griffin said in a prepared statement . “ But writing in an exemption for troops organized by religious organizations undermines the potentially historic nature of today 's vote . As we have said countless times , half measures are unacceptable and discriminatory exemptions have no place in the Boy Scouts . It 's long overdue that BSA leaders demonstrate true leadership and embrace a full national policy of inclusion that does not discriminate against anyone because of who they are . ”
Scouts for Equality has posted the full resolution , along with explanatory documents , here .
High court rules Labour leader can be heard in legal challenge brought by donor over his inclusion on ballot paper
Jeremy Corbyn will be a defendant in the legal challenge to his automatic inclusion on the Labour leadership ballot , the high court has decided .
Lawyers for the Labour leader successfully argued he had a right to be heard in the case because his interests were not the same as those of Labour 's general secretary , Iain McNicol , who had previously been the only named defendant in the case brought by a Labour donor . Corbyn and McNicol will have separate legal teams .
The legal challenge , brought by former parliamentary candidate Michael Foster , contests the decision of Labour 's national executive committee to allow Corbyn on the ballot paper without having to secure nominations from Labour MPs .
Owen Smith says as leader he would make Corbyn president of Labour – politics live Read more
McNicol was being sued in a representative capacity but Corbyn requested to be added to the proceedings as second defendant .
On Tuesday , high court master Victoria McCloud heard that Corbyn 's “ personal interest in the subject matter of this litigation is pressing and obvious and distinguishes him from the general body of members represented by Mr McNicol ” .
McCloud said it was clear Corbyn had a personal interest in the case . “ The extent to which the court should err towards inclusiveness in an action inevitably depends on the facts but in this case the court finds that Mr Corbyn is a member of the Labour party who is particularly affected and particularly interested in the proper construction of the rules , and his interest in that regard is of a significantly different quality than that of other members , ” she said .
“ Where , as here , we see that the defendant [ McNicol ] , albeit in a formal representative capacity , is being expected to vigorously defend a position which he regarded as incorrect prior to the NEC decision , and where there has been self-evident suspicion and a lack of trust within the NEC on this issue , a further factor comes into play and that is the public perception of the fairness of the court process . ”
Labour 's NEC voted 18-14 in a secret ballot after a tense six-hour meeting that Corbyn , as the incumbent , was not subject to the rule that forces candidates to show they have the backing of 20 % of the party 's MPs and MEPs .
Foster , a former showbiz agent who has given more than £400,000 to Labour since 2010 , said the party had received contradictory legal advice on the issue and the party rulebook was unclear .
Launching his case last week , he said no member of the NEC was unbiased in their view on the matter , and the rules should be clarified by a neutral judge .
“ All I am saying is that the advice that was taken was not given the expert consideration it would receive by a high court judge , ” he told the BBC . “ Everyone in the room had a different political agenda . ”
The full hearing of the case will take place on 26 July , when a court will be asked by Foster to , in effect , reverse the NEC decision “ so that Mr Corbyn will not be eligible to stand as a candidate in the forthcoming leadership election unless he secures the requisite number of nominations in the time limited by the rules ” .
The man who brutally murdered 15-year-old Laura Szendrei in a Delta , B.C . park three years ago has been sentenced as an adult to life in prison with no chance of parole for at least seven years .
The 21-year-old man pleaded guilty to second-degree murder last year for beating Szendrei to death in September 2010 .
The man can not be identified because his lawyer plans to apply for a publication ban in the case .
Dozens of Szendrei 's family members , friends , reporters and the public packed the provincial courtroom in Surrey Friday to hear whether the killer would be sentenced as a child or as an adult .
As Judge Robin Baird read the decision to impose an adult sentence , applause erupted in the public gallery .
The judge said a lengthy sentence was needed for Szendrei 's killer , and a youth sentence was not appropriate . He said the accused showed a level of maturity appropriate to a person on the verge of adulthood and was adequately socialized .
“ There was a significant degree of planning and deliberation . Even if I accept that the accused left his home without the intention to kill someone , it was clear that he was resolved to commit rape and prepared to use a significant degree of violence to facilitate that intention or , if he was unsuccessful , that his victim would be incapable of bearing witness against him , ” Baird said .
Grisly details of the murder and motive were also heard in court Friday , and several family members left the room for brief periods in tears .
The attack happened on Sept. 25 , when the killer was just days away from his 18th birthday .
Szendrei was on her way to meet friends in broad daylight and was walking through a forested path when she was attacked .
Friends heard her screams and found her severely beaten . She was taken to hospital and died the next morning .
As friends and family were mourning Szendrei , the killer went on a fishing trip to Mexico and wore the same clothes he had on during the attack . He then threw out the clothes after getting fish blood on them , the courtroom heard .
The court heard evidence that the attack was sexually motivated and the killer had planned to rape Szendrei , but when she screamed he beat her over the head with a metal pipe .
The judge said the killer had attacked other females on three previous occasions in Burns Bog .
The man was arrested after an undercover police sting involving the video game Call of Duty .
Police said he admitted to the previous three attacks during the operation and later told psychiatrists that he was driven by his own anxiety about a lack of sexual experience .
The killer also told doctors he believed if he knocked his victim out , she would n't remember that he tried to rape her when she woke up .
The judge concluded the defence was not credible and handed down an adult sentence . With time served , he will be eligible to apply for parole on February 20 , 2018 , according to Crown prosecutors .
Had he been sentenced as a youth , he would have received a seven-year sentence , with the first four years served in custody and the remaining three served in the community .
After the sentence was read , the killer stood up and said he was sorry .
Szendrei 's family told reporters outside the courtroom that justice had been done .
“ It 's for Laura , ” said Laura 's father Mike . “ The judge did the right thing and maybe the rest of you parents out there do n't have to be scared that this guy is crawling around . ”
Szendrei 's mother , Rachael , thanked the judge for the sentence .
“ I 'm just glad that this is over and that he 's going where he needs to go and he can sit long and hard for the rest of his life , ” she said . “ It 's just despicable . How could he even live with himself . ”
With files from the Canadian Press
In July 2015 , one year before the Olympic Games that will begin in Rio de Janeiro next month , the Associated Press conducted a five-month-long investigation into the “ chronically polluted ” water where some of the events will take place . What the AP described in an impressively reported 2,500 words , the British photographer Giles Price presents in a single image . His aerial photo of Rio 's Guanabara Bay shows water tinged a noxious yellowish-brown–stark visual evidence that the sewage and trash runoff from construction has been poisoning the water .
The image is one in a series of photographs Price took while leaning out of a helicopter , capturing a wide view of Rio in full construction mode . Price , a former war photographer , has traveled to Rio three times in the past two years in an effort to document its transformation into the host of the 2016 Summer Olympic Games . Capturing the evolution from the sky , he says , offers a different , and often more impactful , perspective . “ It just gives that sense of scale and sense of context , ” he says . “ When you 're on the ground [ at the bay ] , you might see a few dead fish , but when you pull out , you can see the full effect of the pollution and how it dissipates into the bay . ”
Price 's series Morar Olimpiadas—also published as a book–offers a unique visual representation of the social repercussions and environmental impact that the Olympic preparations have had on the city . In early images , piles of dirt and bulldozers dot the landscape below , showing the beginnings of a relatively quick construction process . A photo that Price took in 2014 , for instance , shows the foundation for an Olympic venue creeping toward the edge of a favela , one of the many Brazilian slums that have been demolished to make way for the games . Toward the end of the book , an image taken in 2016 shows a parking lot standing in the favela 's place , having removed all but around 20 families who refused to move .
Another photo , taken in 2015 , shows the beginnings of the Olympic golf course being built while Brazil was suffering from an extended drought . Though the effects of the drought are visible in the course 's dry and crumbling fairways , the grass is a lush green , thanks to irrigation .
Price started to work on Morar Olimpiadas following a similar series of aerial shots that documented the construction of the London Olympics , the majority of which was taking place very close to his home . After learning that photographing the site was prohibited on the ground , Price took to the skies . Much like with his series in Rio , Price wanted to offer an unobstructed , objective perspective on the construction that was transforming his city . By mixing in those images with a series of portraits of construction workers , Price also wanted to give a face to the unsung army of workers that were making it happen .
The big difference between London and Rio , Price says , is how quickly the sites were constructed . “ Whatever I may feel about the expense and the inequality and the long-term legacy of the games for these people on the ground [ in Rio ] , what they built , they built pretty quickly , ” Price says . “ They were literally pushing dirt around when I first started the series , and then in two years built a fair amount of infrastructure. ” By contrast , the London builders were all but finished with major construction a year out , Price says , and were putting on the finishing touches like painting and landscaping .
The rapid construction in Rio has come at the expense of people forcibly removed from their homes , as well as the environment . Price named the series and book Morar Olimpiadas ( roughly , Live the Olympics ) as a play on the 2010 Morar Carioca plan by the country to reintegrate the favelas into the infrastructure of Rio–a plan which has n't exactly panned out . Likewise , the pledge that the government made to clean up the polluted water of the Guanabara Bay before the sailing events are held there also was n't upheld . It is now expected to be completed by 2025 at the earliest .
Throwing out material is a frightening prospect for any entertainer . For some performers it can take years to compile a half-hour show . Especially in comedy , recycled material can feel reheated quickly ; it ends careers of comedians who refuse to change their once popular , soon hackneyed material .
Today with successes like Louis C.K . and John Mulaney , it 's hard for comedians not to feel pressure to accumulate new material annually .
Some comedians could ride on catchphrases for a few years , but the idea of starting fresh and reinventing oneself has existed in comedy for half a century . Throwing out material is daunting , but it 's a technique to get better and learn about what you want as a performer . Here are four comedians who realized they needed to start from zero , from nothing , in order to improve .
George Carlin : From Imitator to Commentator
What Carlin 's material was : From the Hippy Dippy Weatherman to the Wonderful Wino routine , George Carlin parodied TV game shows and radio programs in the 1960s . He would mock popular culture and the entertainment industry , but he was n't blatantly proclaiming his disdain for it ; he was doing it subtly through his routines .
Why he started over : George Carlin was growing tired of impressions and parody . He wanted to dig deeper . As the counterculture grew in the late ‘ 60s so did Carlin 's thoughts and opinions on society . He made the choice to throw out his old material and start over ; he wanted to play for the youths , not the suits . From Richard Zoglin 's Comedy at the Edge : How Stand-up in the 1970s Changed America : “ It 's hard to overstate how courageous Carlin 's career reinvention was . He was turning his back on a successful stand-up career and trying to start all over again as…what ? It was almost as if he were plotting a career path in reverse . His goal was to drop the Copa and the big rooms in Vegas and return to the coffeehouses and colleges , where he thought his natural audience was . The financial gamble was huge . ”
Carlin 's new material : Carlin 's new , socially conscious material , critiquing government , America 's censorship on language , and how drug problems were just as “ prevalent among the middle class , from coffee freaks at the office to housewives hooked on diet pills… ” hit the right chord with young audiences across the country . These routines lost him a spot at the big clubs , but the payoff was a longer , more significant career that would influence comedians for the next 40 years .
Richard Pryor : From Pandering to Pryor
What Pryor 's material was : Throughout the 1960s , Pryor 's material was more Bill Cosby than Richard Pryor . His voice was almost non-existent . He made observations and tried to be a social commentator , focusing on jokes about off duty cabs and soda that comes out of the machine without a cup .
Why he started over : Where Carlin wanted to express himself through his rebellious views on society , Pryor wanted to be himself . A BBC Documentary called Pryor Night , discusses how Pryor was tired of “ white bread humor , ” how he felt he was pandering to the mainstream with bland jokes about nothing important or interesting . Pryor threw away his Cosby-like jokes and started fresh .
Pryor 's new material : His new material had an edge to it . He told stories about his drug use , the women he 'd been with , and his childhood . Where Carlin had an arsenal of social criticism , Pryor developed his voice through his personal life and struggles . Starting from zero for Pryor was looking at his life and throwing it at audiences .
Steve Martin : From Magic to Mocking
What Martin 's original material was : One of Martin 's key focuses in his early work was the absence of a joke as the joke . He would present something as a magic act , make it anti-climactic , and then move on quickly and confidently to the next joke ( as shown in the clip above with the “ glove into dove trick ” ) . These performances got him as far as being a television writer , but did not give him the breakthrough for which he hoped .
Why he started over : In the late ‘ 60s and early ‘ 70s Martin was n't getting the work he wanted . He was a writer for the Smothers Brothers ' Comedy Hour , but was not progressing as a performer . He saw a dead end in the audition process . “ I resigned from television writing against the advice of my agent , ” Martin said in his autobiography Born Standing Up . “ Any line or idea with even a vague feeling of familiarity or provenance had to be expunged . There could be nothing that made the audience feel they were n't seeing something utterly new. ” Martin says the thought of starting over frightened him – he had to lose some of his best one-liners and therefore lose ten minutes of his act . “ The thought of losing all this material was depressing . After several years of working up my weak twenty minutes , I was now starting from almost zero . ”
Martin 's new material : Martin performed for years and made his material tighter . It became more physical . “ The new physicality brought an unexpected element into the act : Precision . My routines wove the verbal with the physical and I found pleasure trying to bring them in line . Each spoken idea had to be physically expressed as well. ” Martin said his act became a combination of smart and stupid .
Louis C.K . : From Absurdity to Personal Nightmares
Louis C.K . 's original material : Before he focused on how his children crushed his dreams and the dark nature of humanity , Louis C.K . was based in absurdist comed – he would make car noises and make up facts on stage – ‘ ” did you know chess boards used to be round ? ” This was his material throughout the ‘ 90s and early aughts . Though , like Martin , his shtick was n't advancing his career and he needed new material .
Why he started over : “ I had been going in a circle that did n't take me anywhere , ” C.K . said in a speech honoring George Carlin . “ I used to hear my act and go ‘ this is shit and I hate it . '…I 'd been doing the same hour of comedy for 15 years and it was shit , I promise you. ” He listened to a CD of George Carlin discussing how Carlin workshopped comedy . “ …The thing that blew me away about [ Carlin ] was that he just kept putting out specials . Every year there would be a new George Carlin special…and each one was deeper than the next. ” C.K . decided to throw out his 15 years of material and start again , with nothing .
His new material : “ When you 're done telling jokes about airplanes and dogs and you throw those away what do you get left ? …you start thinking about your fears and your nightmares… ” Louis C.K . started digging deeper into new territory . Similar to Carlin and Pryor , C.K . wanted to figure out what he wanted to say . By throwing his old material out , developing new material , and then throwing that away , he was able to uncover layers of himself and discover his voice – a man frustratingly learning how to be a father . He would call his daughter an asshole , get a reaction from the audience , and realize this was new territory for him .
Each of these comedians were able to find their voices by throwing away old material , by starting from zero . Whether it was being a social critic , a meta entertainer , a father , or just a person telling stories , each were successful because they reached a point in their career where what they had was not good enough and the only way to improve was to change , to reinvent themselves – to start from nothing and build their way back up in order to be better .
Ian Goldstein is a contributing writer to Splitsider .
`` Wayne Tracker '' can not be forced to testify under oath . He does not exist .
But the man who used the `` Tracker '' alias , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , can be deposed — and is increasingly expected to be — as New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman expands his sweeping probe into whether Tillerson 's former employer , ExxonMobil , misled investors about the impact of climate change .
Schneiderman 's office considers the nation 's chief diplomat a central figure in a case that pits the ambitious Democrat against a Texas energy giant and has divided attorneys general nationwide . Republican state prosecutors from South Carolina to Utah , like Exxon 's high-profile legal team , accuse the New York attorney general of abusing the power of his office to score political points with his liberal base on a politically explosive issue .
Schneiderman may have only just begun to use the power of his office , however , in an investigation that has already spanned roughly 18 months and forced Exxon to release roughly 3 million internal documents . It remains unclear whether he will ultimately force Tillerson to answer questions under oath , but he told The Associated Press he has the legal authority to depose the secretary of state , who served as Exxon 's CEO until joining the Trump administration .
`` We have n't gotten to the point where that 's necessary , but yeah , we have the legal right to conduct depositions . I do n't know that we 're going to have to get to Mr. Tillerson , but sure , '' Schneiderman told the AP when asked whether he has the right to depose Tillerson .
The New York attorney general 's nonchalant tone does not reflect the intensity of the case or his office 's expectation that it will likely lead to Tillerson . The confrontation could be several months or even years away , however .
Schneiderman opened the Exxon investigation in November 2015 , shortly after reaching a settlement with another fossil fuel giant , Peabody Coal . In that case , Schneiderman 's office determined that the coal company misled shareholders , regulators and the public about the company 's financial risks related to climate change .
Now , Schneiderman is using the subpoena power of his office to determine whether Exxon did the same .
After being forced to produce internal communications about the impact of climate change on its business , Exxon earlier this year acknowledged that Tillerson used the `` Wayne Tracker '' alias during email communications . The company says the alias was created to help the former CEO avoids a flood of messages after environmental activists obtained his actual email address .
Most of the `` Tracker '' emails have been deleted , Exxon says , citing the company 's practice of automatically deleting emails after a certain period of time . Exxon officials testified that the company allowed several months of Tillerson 's emails to be deleted even after Schneiderman 's office flagged them for preservation .
For now , Exxon says that many of the messages can be retrieved by collecting emails from those he communicated with .
Exxon 's legal team features Ted Wells , who previously represented tobacco giant Philip Morris and drugmakers Merck and Johnson & Johnson . Wells declined an on-the-record interview request , but he lashed out at Schneiderman in aggressive terms during a recent court hearing .
He cast the Democratic attorney general as an ambitious politician stuck in a lengthy and expensive fishing expedition . For Schneiderman to conclude his yearslong investigation without bringing a formal lawsuit against Exxon , Wells said , would deeply disappoint the New York Democrat 's liberal supporters before his 2018 re-election .
`` This is not a normal investigation . It is a political witch hunt . That 's what it is , '' Wells told the judge . `` They can not clear Exxon . The attorney general can not be in a position of clearing the largest fossil fuel oil company in the world . They know it . I know it . ''
The position is backed by Republican attorneys general in 12 states , who filed a friend-of-the-court brief late last month in a related federal case brought by Exxon to try to block Schneiderman 's investigation . The state prosecutors , led by Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton , argue that the attorneys general in New York — and Massachusetts , which is also probing Exxon — are abusing their power to prove a political point about climate change .
With the blessing of a New York Supreme Court judge , Schneiderman 's investigation is progressing .
The New York attorney general 's office will depose nine Exxon witnesses in the coming weeks in a series of lower-level depositions in a chain that is ultimately expected to lead to Tillerson . The State Department declined to comment on Tillerson 's involvement in the Exxon probe . The secretary of state has retained a private attorney to represent him in the matter .
The judge presiding over Schneiderman 's investigation , New York Supreme Court Justice Barry Ostrager , has so far allowed the attorney general to use his broad subpoena power to investigate Exxon . But he has been critical about both sides ' behavior .
`` If you 're asking me to state on the record that Exxon has behaved in an exemplary manner , I decline to do so , '' Ostrager said in a recent hearing . `` If Exxon is asking me to state on the record that the New York AG has proceeded in an exemplary manner , I decline to do that also . ''
Associated Press writer Josh Lederman in Washington contributed to this report .
According to new IRS emails obtained through Freedom of Information Act request from Judicial Watch , former head of tax exempt groups at the IRS Lois Lerner was in contact with the Department of Justice in May 2013 about whether tax exempt groups could be criminally prosecuted for `` lying '' about political activity .
`` I got a call today from Richard Pilger Director Elections Crimes Branch at DOJ ... He wanted to know who at IRS the DOJ folk s [ sic ] could talk to about Sen. Whitehouse idea at the hearing that DOJ could piece together false statement cases about applicants who `` lied '' on their 1024s -- saying they were n't planning on doing political activity , and then turning around and making large visible political expenditures . DOJ is feeling like it needs to respond , but want to talk to the right folks at IRS to see whether there are impediments from our side and what , if any damage this might do to IRS programs . I told him that sounded like we might need several folks from IRS , '' Lerner wrote in a May 8 , 2013 email to former Nikole C. Flax , who was former-Acting IRS Commissioner Steven T. Miller 's chief of staff .
`` I think we should do it – also need to include CI [ Criminal Investigation Division ] , which we can help coordinate . Also , we need to reach out to FEC . Does it make sense to consider including them in this or keep it separate ? '' Flax responded on May 9 , 2013 .
After this email exchange , Lerner handed things off to Senior Technical Adviser and Attorney Nancy Marks , who was in charge of setting up a meeting with DOJ .
Just a few short days later on May 10 , 2013 , Lerner admitted and apologized for the inappropriate targeting of conservative tea party groups during an American Bar Association Conference after answering a planted question . Further according to Judicial Watch , `` In an email to an aide responding to a request for information from a Washington Post reporter , Lerner admits that she “ ca n't confirm that there was anyone on the other side of the political spectrum ” who had been targeted by the IRS . She then adds that “ The one with the names used were only known [ sic ] because they have been very loud in the press . ”
In other words , only conservative groups were being looked at for criminal prosecution .
Last week news broke that Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings ' staff was in contact with Lerner about the conservative group True the Vote , despite denying any contact occurred . In this specific instance of Lerner discussing possible criminal prosecution of tax-exempt groups through DOJ , Democratic Senator Sheldon Whitehouse seems to have been the person to get the ball rolling .
On April 9 , 2013 during a Senate Judiciary Hearing , just one month before the targeting scandal broke , Whitehouse asked witnesses from DOJ and the IRS why groups that had possibly `` made false statements '' about their political activities had not been prosecuted . On March 27 , 2013 , just days before the hearing took place , Lerner described the purpose for the hearing to IRS staff in an email .
`` As I mentioned yesterday -- there are several groups of folks from the FEC world that are pushing tax fraud prosecution for c4s who report they are not conducting political activity when they are ( or these folks think they are ) . One is my ex-boss Larry Noble ( former General Counsel at the FEC ) , who is now president of Americans for Campaign Reform . This is their latest push to shut these down . One IRS prosecution would make an impact and they would n't feel so comfortable doing the stuff , '' she wrote . `` So , do n't be fooled about how this is being articulated – it is ALL about 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) orgs and political activity . ''
Lerner later acknowledged pursuing prosecutions of these groups would not fit well with the law .
“ These new emails show that the day before she broke the news of the IRS scandal , Lois Lerner was talking to a top Obama Justice Department official about whether the DOJ could prosecute the very same organizations that the IRS had already improperly targeted , ” Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said in a statement . “ The IRS emails show Eric Holder 's Department of Justice is now implicated and conflicted in the IRS scandal . No wonder we had to sue in federal court to get these documents . ”
This post has been updated .
Editors note/correction : A previous version of this post stated and implied Lois Lerner contacted the DOJ about criminal prosecution when the emails state she in fact got a phone call from DOJ about the issue . While she was clearly in contact with DOJ about criminal prosecution for tax exempt groups , DOJ initiated the contact in this specific instance . Emails also show Lerner and Flax responded to both recommendations by Senator Whitehouse and DOJ to look into criminal prosecution . The headline to this post has also been updated .
A man who fell from a Saddledome parkade Saturday night was drunk , police say .
The victim had been escorted out of the Jason Aldean concert taking place at the arena prior to the fall . Police say he was asked to leave because he was very intoxicated .
Emergency responders were later called to the east side of the Saddledome around 10:30 p.m. M.T . after the man fell roughly 10 metres , or 30 feet , from a parkade , landing on concrete .
`` The height of the fall was significant , and the surface he landed on is just flat concrete , '' said Stewart Brideaux , communications officer with Calgary EMS . `` It was very unforgiving . ''
The man , who is in his 20s , had serious , potentially life-threatening injuries when EMS transported him to Foothills Medical Centre .
No one else was injured in the accident .
`` I do n't think anybody 's quite recovered , '' the actor stated of the sudden departure of the director from the Marvel Studios production .
Michael Douglas has broken his silence about the departure of Edgar Wright from Marvel 's Ant-Man project , calling it a “ very disappointing situation . ”
In a video that appeared on the fan website Schmoes Know , Douglas -- who is set to star in the troubled movie alongside Paul Rudd -- was asked whether he was disappointed not to have the chance to work with Wright on the movie . “ I was , very disappointed , ” he replied . “ I 'm a big fan of his movies [ and ] it 's a very disappointing situation . ”
STORY : Why 'Ant-Man ' Director Edgar Wright Exited Marvel 's Superhero Movie
He went on to say that Wright 's sudden departure “ happened very late in the game [ and ] I do n't think anybody 's quite recovered , ” continuing , “ My heart goes out to Edgar . He 's been involved with the project for a long time , but he 's talented enough that you 'll be hearing a whole lot from him , and I 'm sure with a little vengeance . ”
Watch the video clip of Douglas below . Ant-Man remains scheduled to open July 17 , 2015 .
Jack Blankenship , a freshman at the University of Alabama , was a guest on `` Late Night with Jimmy Fallon '' Tuesday , but it was n't to talk school or TV . Blankenship has made a name for himself in less than a month just for being a superfan of his college basketball team . His M.O. ? Making a goofy face that he perfected with his friends while holding up a huge poster of said goofy face at home games .
We 're not sure if the tactic actually distracts players from making their shots , but it certainly caught the attention of Birmingham News cameras as well as ESPN-2 during a Feb. 4 game against Ole Miss , and once photos of him at a Valentine 's Day game against Florida hit the Internet he was a viral sensation .
The excitement only built when Blankenship was spotted at Monday 's Knicks game in a Jeremy Lin jersey , and it turns out he was in town to appear on `` Late Night . ''
Senior officials from three provincial government departments and two Crown corporations will `` assess the risks associated with the legalization '' of marijuana in New Brunswick and recommend the best distribution and retail sales model by September , the government says .
A group of officials from Health , Finance , and Justice and Public Safety , as well as the New Brunswick Liquor Corp. and Opportunities NB , will consider issues such as what age should be adopted for possession of marijuana and what , if any , restrictions or regulations should be imposed by the province , in addition to those imposed by the federal government .
It is essential that we strike the right balance by ensuring protections for the well-being of families and children , and address health and public safety concerns . - Victor Boudreau , health minister
`` Your government recognizes the opportunities and challenges that will arise with the federal government 's commitment to cannabis legalization , '' Health Minister Victor Boudreau said in a statement Tuesday .
The working group will provide `` direction on a number of key decisions that will need to be made , '' Boudreau said .
`` It is essential that we strike the right balance by ensuring protections for the well-being of families and children , and address health and public safety concerns , '' he said . `` We need to get this right . ''
Interim report by summer
An interim report will be released this summer , based on a `` literature review '' and consultations with a wide range of stakeholders , including the Child and Youth Advocate , the existing marijuana industry , medical and law enforcement officials , the tourism industry and employers , as well as other provincial governments and federal officials .
The Gallant government will also introduce a motion to establish a select committee of the legislature to study the issue . The committee 's mandate will be set out by the motion , the statement said .
The Canadian government has promised to table legislation legalizing cannabis this spring . ( CBC ) The provincial government has been working since 2015 to prepare for the federal legislation expected this spring to legalize marijuana .
NB Liquor and other provincial liquor boards have suggested their stores could serve as the retail outlets for marijuana .
Last fall , the president and CEO of NB Liquor , Brian Harriman , said one of the issues the province could be faced with is whether there should be two separate systems for medicinal use and recreational use , where marijuana products can be used and whether it can be grown at home .
Harriman said he expected the federal government would `` play a large role '' in production and licensing and would likely standardize the legal age .
The working committee members include Harriman , assistant deputy minister of public security Mike Comeau , acting chief medical officer of health Dr. Jennifer Russell , the Department of Finance 's chief operating officer of agency relations and corporate services , Pat Steeves , and Steve Milbury , senior director of special projects for Opportunities New Brunswick .
Add another name to the pool of Ohio State 's coaching staff changes .
The Buckeyes have hired Ryan Crow , a former graduate assistant under Urban Meyer at Florida , to be assistant linebackers coach , according to Eleven Warriors sources . Crow spent the last three seasons at Division III Baldwin Wallace University , first as offensive line coach in 2014 and then offensive coordinator the last two years .
Crow is likely to work alongside new defensive assistant Billy Davis , who the Buckeyes hired on Dec. 21 following the departure of Luke Fickell , now the head coach at Cincinnati . The program has yet to announce Davis ' official role with the program , though it would make sense he would step in for Fickell and coach the linebackers .
Crow officially left Baldwin Wallace on Jan. 6 . Before working for the Yellow Jackets , he spent time at Purdue as well as Florida . Crow worked as an assistant football and baseball strength coach while with the Boilermakers starting in June 2011 . The Boilermakers promoted him to assistant offensive line coach in June 2012 . Crow also worked in strength and conditioning during his time in Gainesville .
Crow played linebacker at Bowling Green from 2007-10 , helping the Falcons win a share of the MAC East Division crown in 2007 .
According to the Boston Globe , the reason for Steve Lyons ' recent absence from NESN 's Red Sox broadcasts is due to a domestic battery charge stemming from an incudent at his Hermosa Beach , Calif. home in January .
The report states that Lyons was arrested and charged with domestic battery . It goes on to state that the arresting officer wrote in his report that Lyons ' girlfriend suffered injuries to her face .
The former Red Sox utility player , who has regularly contributed to the NESN pregame and postgame shows , while occasionally filling in on the game broadcasts , would be facing a September trial if charges are n't dismissed .
Lyons ' attorney , Richard A. Hutton , told the Globe that he expects his client `` to be completely 100 percent vindicated '' of the charges . Hutton went on to tell the newspaper , `` His girlfriend , Stacey , told authorities within 36 hours of the incident that he had never struck her or touched her in an offensive way . And we expect him to be vindicated either prior to trial or if it goes to a jury trial . ''
Hutton reiterated to the Globe that the police report was based on information given by Lyons ' girlfriend , who was at the house at the time of the Jan. 14 incident . The attorney stated the friend of Lyons ' girlfriend never witnessed anything getting physical . The police report , however , indicated that the situation included some verbal and physical confrontations .
According to Hutton , the 57-year-old Lyons `` never laid a hand on her , '' going on to tell the Globe the couple of remained together since the incident .
Tim Robbins/Associated Press
Your bathroom breaks scrape the 10-minute mark .
Your phone battery bleeds out by noon . You can hardly look yourself in the eye most Monday mornings .
Why ? Why is this happening to you ? Because fantasy football is back , and your payday is now a weekly point-count .
Obsessing over fantasy football is a cross most NFL fans bear , and a recent investigation claims the constant fussing over rosters at work is costing American employers a healthy wad of bills .
Brian Ach/Associated Press
The Chicago Tribune 's Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz brings us the story of Challenger , Gray & Christmas , a Chicago-based outplacement consultancy tasked with the job of determining how much companies are losing in productivity due to workers tinkering with their fantasy lineups on the job .
After dialing in their calculations to workers on private , non-farm payrolls , the firm estimates fantasy football is costing businesses around $ 13.4 billion annually for the 15-week fantasy football schedule .
Thirteen billion . With a B .
The same firm estimated in 2012 that fantasy football was costing employers $ 6.5 billion per year , per Andy Vuong of The Denver Post . So , yes , the costs of lost productivity have doubled in the past two years .
Granted , the company admits that putting a finite figure on fantasy football 's effect on business is `` absurd . '' They also claim they 're not on a witch hunt to end fun in the workplace .
`` We are not trying to demonize fantasy football , '' CEO John A . Challenger said in a statement , per Elejalde-Ruiz . `` It is important to understand that there are more distractions than ever in today 's workplace . If it 's not fantasy football , it 's the latest Hollywood gossip , shopping on Amazon or checking Facebook . ''
The craziest part about CGC 's estimate is that it 's probably a low one . The company based its calculations guardedly , assuming 59 percent of the 31 million working-age Americans who play fantasy football are only spending two hours a week researching players at work .
As someone who 's spent two hours a week just hate-staring at Maurice Jones-Drew 's injury icon , I 'd call that conservative .
Hannah Foslien/Getty Images
In any case , the firm asserts that companies would , ironically , decrease productivity by clamping down on fantasy football , citing the devastation it would have on morale . Instead , they encourage companies to form their own fantasy football leagues to foster camaraderie .
Consider this a TPS report memo , corporate America . Let 's build real teams by building fake teams .
Fewer meetings , more fantasy . This is my platform . Let 's take America into the playoffs this year .
You did build that team .
Follow @ Dr_Carson_
A mystery is brewing in Georgia after thieves stole two trailers containing nearly 3,300 cases of beer early Tuesday .
SweetWater Brewing Co. said the trailers had been loaded for an early morning pickup when they were taken from the company 's plant north of downtown . The two trailers carried 3,272 cases altogether -- or more than 78,500 bottles -- of SweetWater 's Summer Variety Pack , company spokeswoman .
Both trailers were located with the help of GPS later Tuesday . However , the beer was gone .
By Tuesday afternoon , about one-fourth of the stolen beer was found at a warehouse in Clayton County just south of Atlanta , spokeswoman Tucker Berta Sarkisian said . But Sweetwater marketing director Steve Farace told the Associated Press `` we can no longer trust that that beer would be up to the quality standards that we as a brewery maintain , so unfortunately we have to destroy it all . ''
`` For a small company like us to lose that much beer , it really hurts , '' Farace added .
The warehouse where the beer was found is n't far from some of the locations where the 1977 movie Smokey and the Bandit was filmed . In the movie , Coors Beer is hauled across the South with a sheriff in hot pursuit . Those similarities have led to plenty of jokes inspired by the movie since word of the crime spread through the SweetWater plant , Farace said .
But it 's not generating many laughs at the company .
The timing of the heist is unfortunate , because one of the beers in the Variety Packs contained the company 's `` Goin ' Coastal , '' a pineapple-flavored IPA which has been in extremely short supply .
`` This has pretty much wiped out our Atlanta inventory '' for that particular beer , Sarkisian said .
The company is asking retailers to contact them if someone other than the company attempts to sell the beer , which has expiration dates of Sept. 20 or Sept. 21 .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
The distraught wife of British hostage Alan Henning pleaded yesterday to his jihadist captors to show mercy and release him .
In a direct televised appeal to Islamic State , a tearful Barbara Henning said : ‘ I ask Islamic State please release him , we need him back home . '
She said her efforts to communicate with the captors of her 47-year-old taxi driver husband have been met only with silence . Her sole contact has been an audio message from Mr Henning pleading for his life .
Scroll down for video
Desperate : Barbara Henning today broke her silence to issue a plea for ISIS to release her husband Alan
Public : Although Mrs Henning has made previous statements calling for her husband 's release , this is the first time she has been filmed appealing to his captors
Her appeal was made minutes before the Ministry of Defence announced that RAF Tornados had attacked IS targets inside Iraq – a move some fear could spark a backlash against Mr Henning .
The Briton known as Jihadi John , who has appeared in videos beheading hostages , said British aid worker David Haines , 44 , was murdered because the UK began supplying Kurdish forces with weapons .
Mr Henning , from Salford , who was seized on Boxing Day last year as he delivered aid to Syrian refugees , was shown at the end of the video of Mr Haines 's death with the threat that he would be next .
Emotional : Mrs Henning said she was 'dreadfully concerned ' for the safety of her husband
Fear : Last week Mrs Henning revealed she had received a message from her husband pleading for his life
Concern : Alan Henning is an ex-taxi driver from Manchester who travelled to the Middle East as an aid worker
Since then there has been a massive international campaign to secure his freedom and Mrs Henning stressed : ‘ Muslims across the globe continue to question Islamic State over Alan 's fate .
'Their position regarding his situation is unequivocal . He is innocent ... We are at a loss why those leading Islamic State can not open their hearts and minds to the truth about Alan 's humanitarian motives for going to Syria and why they continue to ignore the verdict of their own justice system [ not guilty of spying ] .
‘ Surely those who wish to be seen as a state will act in a statesmanlike way by showing mercy and providing clemency . '
Plea : Mrs Henning urged Islamic State leaders to 'open their hearts and minds to the truth about Alan 's humanitarian motives for going to Syria '
'WE WANT HIM BACK HOME ' : MRS HENNING 'S STATEMENT IN FULL ' I have a further message for Islamic State : We 've not abandoned Alan and we continue in our attempts to communicate with you . 'We have had no contact from Islamic State holding him other than an audio file of him pleading for his life . 'Muslims across the globe continue to question Islamic State over Alan 's fate . Their position regarding his statement is unequivocal . He is innocent . 'Some say wrong time , wrong place . Alan was volunteering with his Muslim friends to help the people of Syria . He was in the right place during the right time . 'We are at a loss why those leading Islamic State can not open their hearts and minds to the truth about Alan 's humanitarian motives for going to Syria and why they continue to ignore the verdicts of their own justice system . 'Surely those who wish to be known as a state will act in a statesmanlike way by showing mercy and providing clemency . 'Alan , we miss you and we 're dreadfully concerned for your safety . But we are given so much hope by the outcry across the world as to your imprisonment . We ask Islamic State : Please release him . We want him back home . 'Thank you . '
More than 100 high-profile Muslim leaders have warned that killing Mr Henning is against shariah law and would be the ‘ the worst condemnable sin ' against Islam .
Mr Henning 's brother-in-law Colin Livesey said he fears the air strikes could make it harder to find Mr Henning as the group will be forced to move .
Dr Shameela Islam-Zulfiqar , who travelled with Mr Henning on several aid convoys to Syria , warned UK air strikes would leave little hope of Mr Henning being released alive . She added : ‘ It does n't leave you very optimistic , but we still have to remain hopeful . '
Hopeful : A yellow ribbon inscribed with the words 'Free Alan Henning ' adorns a fence in his home town of Salford , as his friends , family and neighbours pray for his release
Plight : The father of two was captured by the group 's fanatics last December while delivering aid in Syria
Dear OzBargain users ,
Shipito is back with it 's promotion just for you . We did similar deal almost a year ago and it was very popular here , so we decided to do it again .
Get $ 10 back to your account after you send your first package . Valid only for NEW CUSTOMERS . To be eligible for this deal , you need to complete the registration with the link provided and send at least 1 package with Shipito .
With Shipito.com you get :
- Your own US Address for free - there is $ 5 deposit paid during registration , you can use this deposit to pay for shipping
- Shipping by USPS , FedEx , DHL , TNT and Shipito Airmail to more than 200 countries
- ONLY $ 1 processing fee per package
Additional offer if you want our Virtual Mailbox account . Get it with $ 10 discount , for just $ 40/yr . With Virtual Mailbox you get :
- US address in Oregon with 0 % sales tax
- Multiple package storage
- More savings with consolidations
Use Coupon OZBARGAIN10 when checking out for the discount to apply . You have to click on $ 50 Per Year Virtual mailbox account during the registration to get this discount . Valid only for New Customers
You can combine these 2 discounts if you want . So you can get $ 10 discount on Virtual Mailbox , and after you send your 1st package , we will add $ 10 more to your account balance . Both promotions are valid only for New Shipito Customers .
IMPORTANT : You have to register until April 03 to get this offer . You can send your 1st package anytime in the future to get your $ 10 back . The deadline April 03 is just for registrations , not for sending your first package .
If you have any questions , please comment here or write me email to marek @ eastbiz.com
If $ 10 is not added to your account in 48 hours after sending your first package , write email to marek @ eastbiz.com
I also recommend you to read the discussion below our last year promotion , it might answer some of your questions .
Fear is normal at every stage of recovery . Everyone enters rehab with some trepidation , even if they 've been in and out of treatment for years . Likewise , most people leave rehab full of worry . What will happen when they leave the one place they know they can stay sober ? How will they cope when the feelings they 've been medicating come flooding back ?
When you think about how the average person responds to a horror movie or passing a traffic accident , it is clear that , in some cases , fear actually draws us in rather than repelling us . Fear makes us alert to danger ; it helps guide our decision-making process . But too much fear can be paralyzing in life and , in addiction recovery , can be a precursor to relapse . Here are some of the fears common among people in recovery , along with suggestions for facing them :
# 1 Fear of Sobriety
Getting sober means replacing your primary coping mechanism – drugs and alcohol – with new , unfamiliar ones . The process can be uncomfortable , particularly for someone who is afraid of feeling in general . Will all of the hard work be worth it ? Will sobriety be boring , sustainable ? Staying stuck in this fear generally means staying stuck in addiction .
What to Do : Nelson Mandela said , “ The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid , but he who conquers that fear. ” Rather than running from it , feel the fear and then take one step forward anyway – go to rehab , meet with a therapist or attend a support group where other people in recovery share their success stories . Once you try it , you may find that sobriety is not as scary as you once thought .
# 2 Fear of Failure
Whether you have one day sober or 10 years , recovery presents challenges . There are times when you 'll doubt yourself and get pushed outside of your comfort zone . There are times when you will fall short of a goal . At this point , you can either conclude that you do n't deserve it or have what it takes , or you can try again .
What to Do : Many addicts are perfectionists who have difficulty accepting mistakes and taking strategic risks . True , about half of recovering addicts relapse at some point . But the other half does n't , and if you relapse and learn from it , you have n't failed at all . Others have succeeded in spite of fear , and so can you . According to the Partnership at Drugfree.org , more than 23 million people in the U.S. have recovered from drug and alcohol problems .
# 3 Fear of Success
The flipside of the fear of failure is the fear of success . Most people do n't consciously self-sabotage , but they have a deeply held belief that they do n't deserve to succeed and , in so believing , never really put forth their best effort . Feeling doomed from the start , many allow self-doubt and fears of what others think to keep them from trying .
What to Do : Fear is an emotion that is based on something we can not control : the future . Instead of fretting over what might be , practice being mindful of the present . Feel the fear and breathe through it without resisting it or trying to change it – and then notice how the fear begins to dissipate .
# 4 Fear of Rejection
Worried that they may be abandoned by the people they love or judged by others , some people refuse to admit that they have a drug problem or reach out to others for support . Yet without taking these steps , there can be no recovery .
What to Do : Fear of rejection can be overcome by pushing yourself to work a recovery program even when you do n't want to . Attend sober social gatherings , lean on family members and talk to people at support group meetings . Research shows that the simple act of putting your fears into words taps into the parts of the brain responsible for logic and emotional regulation , decreasing fear and anxiety .
# 5 Fear of Losing Your Identity
After months or years of being fixated on drugs and alcohol , who are you if you are n't an addict ? What are your hopes , desires and values ? These are some of the most difficult questions in recovery , and the answers may change over time .
What to Do : In recovery , you have a unique opportunity to redefine yourself . Spend some time thinking back to who you were before you started using drugs and revisit old interests . Also try something new , such as volunteering or taking a class , so you have a chance to develop new passions . Each of these steps will not only help you maintain your sobriety , but also move you closer to the ultimate goal of figuring out who you are .
# 6 Fear of Perpetual Misery
Lurking in the minds of most recovering addicts is the question : What if I do the hard work of recovery and am still miserable ? After drugs flood the brain with dopamine , some people find it difficult to feel pleasure from normally enjoyable activities . Others get clean and sober only to find that they still feel angry and depressed . Also known as “ dry drunk , ” these individuals erroneously believe that getting sober is where the hard work ends .
What to Do : Some of the damage inflicted by prolonged drug use will be repaired the longer you stay sober . Just as important as stopping the use of all mood-altering substances is actively engaging in a program of recovery . Only by investing in yourself and your relationships can life in recovery be truly joyful .
PeopleImages via Getty Images An estimated 90 percent of American high school students are chronically sleep-deprived , according to a 2014 survey .
Delaying school start times has been universally touted as the answer to the growing epidemic of teenage sleep deprivation , but this common orthodoxy may be based in false ideas about how teen biological clocks really work .
The argument for later start times hinges on the fact that teenagers prefer to go to bed and sleep in later because of a delay in their circadian clocks that govern the body 's rhythms of sleep and waking . To be more in line with teens ' “ natural ” sleep patterns , thousands of U.S. high schools have pushed back their morning schedules in recent years .
But the solution may not be so simple , according to new research from Harvard Medical School and the University of Surrey in the U.K .
The research collaboration between mathematicians and sleep scientists used a complex mathematical model to show that delaying school start times is unlikely to do much to ease high school students ' sleep deprivation .
Why ? Because teenagers with later school start times stay up even later in the evenings , thereby increasing their exposure to artificial light , which can further mess with their circadian rhythms . A far more effective solution to teenage sleep deprivation , the study 's authors suggest , would be to turn down the lights and limit screen time in the evenings . ( Or better yet , keep devices out of the bedroom altogether . )
“ `` The use of artificial light in the evening is in large part responsible for adolescents sleeping later . `` ” - - Dr. Andrew Philips , Harvard sleep scientist
“ The potential benefits of shifting school start times later can unfortunately be undermined if individuals do not also carefully manage their use of artificial light , ” Dr. Andrew Philips , a sleep scientist at Harvard and one of the study 's lead authors , told The Huffington Post . “ This is especially true for individuals with a tendency to be later sleepers . ”
For the study , published Monday in the journal Scientific Reports , the research team created a mathematical model to show how British teenagers ' circadian clocks respond to light and how this determines the time at which they fall asleep . The model accounts for whether an individual is a morning or an evening person ; the impact of natural and artificial light on the body 's clock ; and the time that their alarm clock usually goes off .
In developing their model , the researchers took inspiration from Huygens , a 17th century Dutch mathematician , who studied how a person 's body clock could synchronize with the environmental clock .
The analysis showed that later start times did n't mediate sleep loss . It did show , however , that young peoples ' light consumption interfered with their natural clock . The researchers found that getting up later in the morning resulted in teens staying up later at night , increasing their exposure to artificial light . They ended up going to bed even later and sleeping in later as a result , while suffering from worse sleep quality .
Poor sleep among young people is a growing issue with wide-ranging implications . Teenagers need roughly nine hours of sleep , according to the National Institutes of Health , but less than 10 percent are actually getting it . This chronic sleep deprivation comes at an enormous cost , including poor academic performance , issues with learning and memory , mental health conditions , and physical health complications including diabetes and obesity .
Resetting the Biological Clock
Without artificial light , people would wake up with the sunrise . Teenagers , whose body clocks “ run slow , ” are particularly vulnerable to the effects of artificial lighting .
“ From research over the last few decades we know that body clocks typically run a little slow , so they need to be regularly ‘ corrected ' if they are to remain in sync with the 24-hour day , ” Philips said . “ Historically , this correcting signal came from our interaction with the environmental light/dark ‘ clock ' . ”
We know from a large body of science that the circadian rhythms of people of all ages are extremely sensitive to artificial light exposure , and using light-emitting devices after dark delays the timing of the circadian clock .
Indeed , increased exposure to artificial lighting seemed to only enhance the delay in the students ' biological clocks . In a new paper slated for publication in the Journal of Biological Rhythms , the same research team showed that modern use of artificial light has allowed people who have a tendency towards being late sleepers to become extremely late sleepers , sometimes to their own detriment .
“ [ It 's ] been suspected that our modern usage of artificial light is responsible for our much later sleep times compared to our pre-industrial ancestors , ” Philips said , “ as well as our tendency to have differently timed sleep on weekends compared to weekdays . ”
But the researchers noted that start times in the U.K. are generally later than in the U.S. , where many schools begin as early as 7 a.m . In American high schools , the study 's authors concluded , there may be some benefit to modestly delaying school start times in addition to educating teens about the effects of artificial light and excessive evening screen time .
A total of 6,569 Indian nationals are currently lodged in prisons of 67 foreign countries , including 254 in Pakistan , according to information accessed by a Kerala-based RTI activist from the Ministry of External Affairs ( MEA ) .
The Arab countries topped the list with Saudi Arabia ( 1691 ) , Kuwait ( 1161 ) and UAE ( 1012 ) , according to the information provided by the MEA on April 22 to lawyer and RTI activist D B Binu .
Italy , which had a diplomatic row with India over the arrest and trial of two of the country 's marines for shooting dead two Indian fishermen from a ship off the Kerala coast , has 121 Indians in prisons in that country .
The list also showed that UK has 426 , USA 155 , China 157 , Bangladesh 62 , Afghanistan 28 , Bahrain 18 and Nepal 377 Indian prisoners .
Indians are also detained in jails in various other countries , including Iran , Iraq , Algeria , Belgium and France .
I copied this recipe from pinterest ........ so yummy ! ! ! ! ! ! No-Bake Energy Bites Recipe 133 calories per ball ( figured on 20 balls ) Ingredients :
1 cup ( dry ) oatmeal ( I used old-fashioned oats )
1 cup toasted coconut flakes
1/2 cup chocolate chips
1/2 cup peanut butter
1/2 cup ground flaxseed
1/3 cup honey
1 tsp . vanilla
Method :
Stir all ingredients together in a medium bowl until thoroughly mixed . Let chill in the refrigerator for half an hour . Once chilled , roll into balls of whatever size you would like . ( Mine were about 1″ in diameter . ) Store in an airtight container and keep refrigerated for up to 1 week .
Makes about 20-25 balls .
Ali 's Tip :
Substitution ideas can abound for just about any of these ingredients ! Feel free to substitute in your favorite nut butter ( almond butter , sunflower seed butter , etc . ) for the peanut butter . And you could also add in some wheat germ in place of some or all of the flaxseed . I would caution , though , against substituting agave nectar for the honey , as the honey 's thickness helps hold things together .
Some other fun substitutions for the chocolate chips ( or an addition to them ) could include :
chopped dried fruit ( apricots , dates , raisins , etc . )
dried berries ( cranberries , cherries , etc . )
chopped almonds , pecans , or sunflower seeds
other chips ( butterscotch , dark chocolate , milk chocolate , etc . )
Horseball
Horseball game
Horseball is a game played on horseback where a ball is handled and points are scored by shooting it through a hoop with a diameter of 1m . The sport is like a combination of polo , rugby , and basketball . It is one of the ten disciplines officially recognized by the International Federation for Equestrian Sports .
Origins [ edit ]
The sport 's predecessor , pato , originated in Argentina in the early 1700s . It was outlawed in 1790 due to high mortality among players . In 1941 the Federacion Argentina de Pato was created . In 1953 was declared as Argentina 's national game . The name of the game `` pato '' derives from the use of a live duck instead of the six-handled ball which is used in the modern sport . The game as its known today , including the use of a ball instead of an animal , was defined in the 1930s . It gained success and has spread across Europe and overseas . The International Horseball Federation has eighteen members including eight outside of Europe : Algeria , Argentina , Australia , Brazil , Canada , China , Kyrgyzstan and Mexico . [ 1 ]
Rules of play [ edit ]
The basic rules involve a team of 4 players ( plus 2 substitutes if necessary ) making a minimum of 3 passes between 3 different players of their team and then scoring a goal through a vertical hoop goal . The game is played on a soft , non slip surface , usually sand . The pitch is rectangular , approximately 65m x 25m .
A match begins with a pickup , the rules for the first pickup are simple ; the horse has to be cantering ( or at a trot when the teams are of a much younger category , usually when the players are less than 13 years of age ) . The opposing team can defend by preventing them from being able to score by either pushing opponents out of the playing area using their horse 's weight or by getting alongside a player and grabbing the ball from the attacker . In this situation , each rider must remain seated in the saddle ; if a player leaves the saddle they will give away a penalty . If both stay seated and the defender manages to keep hold of the ball for 3 seconds then their team earns a penalty .
Simple tactics of the game involve the attacking team going towards goal crossing paths as this method helps to manoeuvre the defence and create space for attacking team members to take advantage of . Players can return 'home ' if they feel an attack is failing and can cross past each other offloading the ball to form another attack . This method is quite often used because a defender trying to get the ball will usually follow the player with the ball and are no longer a threat once the ball has been passed and is travelling in the opposite direction .
The ball , with its typical six handles
Ramassage , i.e . : picking up the ball , i.e . : picking up the ball
When the ball is dropped or falls to the ground , anyone can pick it up so long as they are travelling in the same direction as play was when the ball was dropped . This is to avoid any riders coming head on whilst someone is picking up and to prevent a collision . Whilst picking the ball up during the game the player must not come to a stand still .
International competitions [ edit ]
There are several international competitions organized by the International Horse-Ball Federation : the European Championship , the World Championship , and the clubs FIHB Champions League
The European Senior Championship is the older international tournament , the first was in 1992 in Paris . This is a mixed-sex teams tournament . There have been seventeen editions of this tournament with Saint-Lô 2013 ( France ) , being the latest . France is the only national team to have won this tournament , the Portuguese team has the most Silver , and Belgium the most Bronze . Currently the titles are : Gold for France , Silver for Spain and Bronze for Portugal .
The European Lady Championship is the female only tournament , the first was in 2003 in Abano Terme 2003 ( Italy ) . There have been eight editions of this tournament with Saint-Lô 2013 ( France ) , being the latest . France is again the only national team to have won this tournament , tied for most silver are Belgium , Germany and Spain , and tied with the most bronze are Belgium , Great Britain and Spain . Currently the titles are : Gold for France , Silver for Spain and Bronze for Belgium .
The European Under-16 Championship is the youth tournament with mixed-sex teams , the first was in 2004 in Lamotte-Beuvron 2004 ( France ) . There have been ten editions of this tournament with Saint-Lô 2013 ( France ) , being the latest . France have been beaten to the gold twice by Spain in this tournament but still have the most golds . Spain have most silver and Italy have most bronze . Currently the titles are : Gold for France , Silver for Portugal and Bronze for Spain .
The World Championship ( senior mixed teams ) , has been held twice . The first was at Ponte de Lima in 2008 . The teams that played in the championship were Argentina , Austria , Belgium , Brazil , Canada , France , Germany , Great Britain , Italy , Portugal , Spain . This was won by France , Spain got Silver , and Portugal Bronze . The second edition was held in 2012 in Montpellier and the team competing were , Algeria , Argentina , Belgium , France , Great Britain , Portugal , Spain . The results were France with Gold , Spain got Silver , and Portugal Bronze .
The club level competition organized by the International Horseball Federation is the FIHB Chambions League . This is competed between the top club from the four highest ranked European nations . This competition began in 2007 in Stockholm , Sweden , and was won by Chambly Horse-Ball ( from France ) , the Portuguese team Sporting Clube de Portugal CEJC got Silver and Caramel from Belgium got Bronze . There have been 7 editions of this competition and
In 2010 was held in Portugal the first Four Nations Cup won by the National French team , Portugal got silver and Spain got bronze . [ 2 ]
See also [ edit ]
Pato , an earlier Argentine sport from which horseball is derived
One day at work , he met an old woman who left a huge impression on him . He was so moved by his encounter with her that he later took to Facebook to tell his story . Read it below .
Marco Deplano is a urologist from Sardinia , Italy . He is rather young for a doctor , and due to the nature of his job , has already seen his share of horrors . He has experienced all kinds of stories - some with happy endings , and some without .
“ Today I received a call to do a consultation in another department . The usual… It was about a patient with terminal cancer and renal insufficiency due to compression of the ureters . The woman I met there was between 70 and 80 , with carrot-orange hair and flawless pink fingernail polish .
- Good morning , Ma'am .
- Good morning to you , Doctor .
I looked in her file , did an examination , and repeated the ultrasound .
- Ma'am , your kidneys are struggling : they ca n't eliminate urine naturally anymore , so I will need to insert a tube , a kind of valve that bypasses the obstacles . So then you 'll pee into two tubes connected to two bags…
- Excuse me , Dr. That means I 'll have another pouch behind me too ?
( She 'd already had a colostomy . )
- Yes , Ma'am .
There was a long silence . It felt endless . But then at last , she looked up at me smiling .
- Sorry , what 's your name ?
- Deplano .
- No , your name .
- Marco .
- Marco… what a beautiful name . Do you have a moment ?
- Of course , Ma'am .
- You know , I 'm already dead . You understand ?
- Sorry , no… I do n't .
- I already died 15 years ago . When my 33-year-old son had a heart attack and passed away . I died that day too .
- I 'm so sorry .
- I died then , with him . And then I died again ten years ago when they diagnosed me with this disease . But now I do n't have to pretend anymore . My children are taken care of , grandchildren too . I want to go join him . What 's the point in living a few extra days with these bags , with suffering and so much work for me and my loved ones ? I have my dignity . Will you be offended if I do n't want to do anything ? I 'm tired . I 'm ready to entrust myself to the hands of God . Tell me the truth , will I suffer ?
- No , Ma'am . You can do whatever you want . But putting two bags…
- Marco , I said no . It 's my life . I 've decided . If you want something to do , let 's stop the transfusion . Then I can go home and eat ice cream with my grandson .
Every word she said stripped away my defenses , as if taking petals off a flower . I forgot my exhaustion , my anger and frustration , everything . I forgot the years of study , the thousands of pages I 'd read , the rules , the facts . I felt naked and disarmed facing this candor , this awareness of death .
I turned around to write in the file so the nurse would n't see the tears in my eyes . I was so moved . Anyone who knows me knows that 's not usually me .
- Marco , does this touch you ?
- Yes , a bit , Ma'am . I 'm sorry .
- No , it 's nice . Thank you . It makes me feel important . Listen , please do me one other favor . If my children come and shout at you , call me . I 'll tell them to stop . Write that I 'm okay . Okay ?
- Yes , Ma'am .
- Marco , can I ask you something else ?
- Sure !
- You 're special . I know you 'll go far . Give me a kiss , like you would if you were my son — do you mind ?
- Of course not .
- I 'll pray for you . And for my son . I hope to see you again .
- Me too . Thank you , Ma'am .
In that moment she was the most beautiful person in the world : radiant , confident , mother , grandmother — pure love .
She gave me the greatest lesson of my life , with those simple words . Death is the final part of life . There 's no need for fear , anxiety , or selfishness . Things that years of study do n't teach you . I felt so small there , in front of this magnitude .
Suffering is part of love , it brings people together sometimes even more than love itself . And sometimes a kind word is a more powerful cure than the most modern drug . Whatever you think , cherish the journey . ”
Feel free to share this important story with your loved ones so that more people remember what truly matters in life !
Home » Sports & Outdoors Looking for cheap tent for Electric Picnic ? Halfords have the Aventura 2 Man Dome Tent with porch €10 ( was €25.00 now SAVE 60 % ) Looking for cheap tent for Electric Picnic ? Halfords have the Aventura 2 Man Dome Tent with porch €10 ( was €25.00 now SAVE 60 % ) Deal Score +1 GET BARGAIN
Looking for cheap tent for Electric Picnic ? Halfords have the Aventura 2 Man Dome Tent with porch €10 ( was €25.00 now SAVE 60 % )
Aventura 2 Man Dome Tent with porch
Great for festivals , the Aventura 2 Man Dome Tent with porch provides some extra storage space which is particularly useful for storing those muddy wellies . The dome design has a single skin , making pitching really easy so you have more time to spend enjoying the festival .
Advocates welcomed legislation that would extend maternity leave for U.S. troops but want lawmakers to broaden the bill to include spouses and adoptive parents .
The U.S. House of Representatives last week approved an amendment to the annual defense bill that , if adopted by the Senate and White House , would give women in the military an additional six weeks of unpaid maternity leave .
The legislation , known as the Military Opportunities for Mothers ( MOM ) Act , was introduced by Reps. Tammy Duckworth , D-Illinois , and Kristi Noem , R-South Dakota , and seeks to bring military policy more in line with federal law that gives civilian employees 12 weeks of family medical leave . But it would only apply to military moms -- not spouses or adoptive parents .
`` If you really want to mirror the Family and Medical Leave Act that applies to civilians , then all three groups of parents should get the same leave , '' said Nancy Duff Campbell , co-president of the National Women 's Law Center , an advocacy group in Washington , D.C. , that promotes opportunity and advancement for women and girls .
The bill comes as the military experiments with ways to boost retention amid a drawdown of forces resulting from the U.S.-led wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and automatic budget cuts known as sequestration .
The Air Force , for example , recently announced plans to join the Navy in offering a so-called Career Intermission Program , which would allow 20 officers and 20 enlisted personnel a year to transfer from active duty to the reserves for as many as three years to start a family .
`` Some women ... leave the Air Force because they want to start a family , '' Lt. Gen. Samuel Cox , the Air Force 's deputy chief of staff for manpower , personnel and services , said during a breakfast forum earlier this month . `` So why do n't we have a program that allows them , in some cases , to be able to separate from the Air Force for a short period of time , get the family started , then come back in ? ''
In some respects , existing military policy is more generous than federal law .
The Family and Medical Leave Act , signed into law in 1993 during the Clinton administration , allows eligible employees to take as many as 12 weeks of unpaid leave in any one-year period to deal with a family medical emergency , pregnancy or adoption . Employers can elect to pay employees for any portion of their time away from work , but are n't required to .
In the military , both maternity and paternity leave is paid and does not count against total leave days . Female troops are given six weeks of leave after childbirth and can take more time if it 's medically necessary . Those adopting can take up to three weeks off . New fathers are given 10 days of leave at the discretion of their commander .
Even so , the Defense Department 's office of the undersecretary for personnel and readiness , headed by Jessica Wright , is bound by statute in administering the policy , so any change must come through Congress .
The House amendment would expand `` maternity leave for the active duty Service Members by an unpaid 6 weeks to be in line with the Family [ and ] Medical Leave Act , while allowing commanders the discretion to call Service Members back to duty at any given time to maintain unit readiness , '' according to a description of it on the House Armed Services Committee 's website .
A spokeswoman for Rep. Duckworth did n't immediately respond to an e-mail and telephone call requesting comment .
In a statement after the amendment passed , the congresswoman called it a `` critical '' piece of legislation .
`` Mothers in the military inevitably face separation from their children when they are deployed and serving our nation around the globe , '' she said . `` Extending maternity leave for these women is the least we can do for those who sacrifice so much for our country . ''
Campbell welcomed the House provision as a `` first start , '' but said she and other members of her organization will push senators for `` a more complete provision . ''
`` We need to be sure that we guarantee this leave for adoptive parents and spouses of women who give birth as well , '' she said . `` That 's what we 're looking to the Senate to do . ''
Campbell said her group has already discussed the issue with Sens . Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , and Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , both of whom sit on Senate Armed Services Committee . The panel , however , recently approved its version of the defense policy bill , known as the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 , without a similar provision .
That means such an amendment would have to be introduced on the floor of the Senate . And with the chamber possibly still months away from debating its version of the defense bill , the likelihood of a broader proposal being introduced , let alone passing , is far from certain .
`` It 's a little hard to speculate what the possibilities for that are , '' Campbell acknowledged .
-- Amy Bushatz contributed to this report .
-- Brendan McGarry can be reached at Brendan.McGarry @ monster.com .
When hundreds of trees were planted in remembrance of Linda McCartney , it was hoped that they would grow to be a living and lasting memorial to the first wife of Sir Paul McCartney .
Now , however , all the larch trees in Linda 's Wood have had to be chopped down because of a deadly disease sweeping the country .
The trees were the victim of Phytophthora ramorum , or sudden oak death , which has jumped species and is infecting other trees including larch and the Douglas fir .
The trees were planted after the wife of the former Beatle died of breast cancer in 1998 , aged 56 . They included some of the New York-born photographer 's favourite species , such as the North American maple .
“ Some of them were diseased and it was decided that the larch would be chopped down as a preventative measure , ” said Joe Duckworth , of the League Against Cruel Sports , which runs the woodland near Dulverton . `` Lots of larches in the area are being chopped down . ”
The Forestry Commission announced in December that it was to fell at least 11,000 infected trees near Bodmin in Cornwall to try to halt the spread of sudden oak death disease . It said the disease could destroy oaks and other tree species across Britain .
During the dedication and naming ceremony for Linda 's Wood in 1998 , children laid posies of flowers by the trees and the Salvation Army played music by Wings , the pop group of which the couple were members .
Sir Paul then handed the woodland over to the league to manage as part of its deer sanctuary , which borders Exmoor National Park and is run in an attempt to protect deer from the stag hunts in the area .
But the wood has been the target of a number of vandals . In an early incident , a wooden plaque that was erected to list the names of the people involved in planting the trees had to be removed after it was vandalised .
Then in 2003 , vandals took a chainsaw to gates and fencing in the wood and caused damage in St John 's Wood . They were described as “ sad and sick ” by the league , a charity supported by Sir Paul , who was knighted in 1997 , and his wife . Linda was an outspoken advocate of animal rights and founded a successful vegetarian food company .
In 2000 , a quad bike was driven through Linda 's Wood , flattening 40 newly planted trees . “ It was like going into a cemetery and kicking over the gravestones , ” said Graham Sirl , of the league .
The organisation was keen to pin the blame for the incidents , which were reported to the police , on what it described as extremist hunt supporters .
The McCartneys were married for 29 years . Four years after Linda 's death , Sir Paul married Heather Mills , a former topless model and anti-landmines campaigner . They divorced in 2008 .
Last October , he married for a third time , to Nancy Shevell , a New Yorker , who had survived breast cancer . The wedding was in London at Marylebone Register Office , where he married Linda in 1969 . Sir Paul was unavailable for comment .
One Utah legislator has a fantastic way to save some money : stop allowing epidurals during birth .
We all know that states are dealing with huge budget deficits , and that medical costs are skyrocketing . Well , one Utah legislator believes he has come up with a partial solution to the problem : deny epidurals for any pregnant woman on Medicaid .
From the Daily Herald :
Under the theory that perhaps thousands of Utah college students are having babies paid for by Medicaid that they could pay for themselves , one lawmaker has a plan : cut all elective epidurals and elective C-sections . Sen. Dan Liljenquist , R-Bountiful , has vowed massive Medicaid reform in next year 's legislative session , and first on the list is people who may be freeloading . Medicaid pays for 15,000 births a year in Utah , a third of the total , Liljenquist says . Get the facts , direct to your inbox . Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest . SUBSCRIBE “ Do we save some kid or make birth easier ? ” he said , noting that the waiting list for Medicaid in Utah just for the disabled has reached 4,400 people . Liljenquist says the state could save millions . Epidurals , a shot given in the spine , are a common method of relieving pain during labor . At Utah Valley Regional Medical Center in Provo , 86 to 87 percent of women who deliver babies at the hospital get an epidural ; studies show about 65 percent of births nationwide happen with an epidural .
And it 's not just one lawmaker . From the same article :
“ These are 90 percent out-of-state students having babies on our dime , ” Sen. Howard Stephenson , R-Draper , told Liljenquist , referring to BYU students . Conservative lawmakers have been upset about anecdotal evidence of students with a Lexus and trust fund having a baby under Medicaid . They qualify because there may technically be no income . During the legislative session earlier this year , Rep. John Dougall , R-Highland , caused a stir for saying the same thing .
So , first you eliminate abortion options so women are forced to give birth should they have a birth control failure , then you tell them it needs to be as painful as possible as well ? It 's not surprising that the reaction has been somewhat…passionate .
From Opposing Views :
Denying patients epidural anesthesia is a great way to put misogynistic , classist douchebaggery into action . Rich women will be able to afford to pay for pain relief and poor and middle class women will not have access to it . It 's about as thoughtful a move as trying to force more women to breastfeed by making formula available by prescription only .
Sen. Liljenquist claims people are misunderstanding him , according to the Daily Herald in a follow-up . He 's just saying that things that are elective should be treated as such , and not covered . But why does n't he just propose eliminating all anesthesia , then , since none of it is “ necessary ? ”
Other legislators and health care policy-makers are quick to point out that Liljenquist is way out of line with his proposal :
Liljenquist has already been the target of radio talk shows and a fellow Republican senator who is n't impressed with his ideas . “ All I can say is thank God for anesthesia , ” said Sen. Peter Knudson , assistant majority whip , who said on KSL Radio that Liljenquist 's pitch is “ absolutely not ” a good one . “ There are people who have pain thresholds who can tolerate a lot of discomfort , but not everyone , ” he said . “ I 'm all for saving money … but this is not where we should begin. ” Knudson is n't the only one who is n't on board with Liljenquist . Lincoln Nehring at the Utah Health Policy Project said the Bountiful Republican is mistaken to think Medicaid is some sort of luxury program . “ Sen . Liljenquist has this belief that it would be better if Medicaid provided subpar care to encourage people to move into the private market , ” said Nehring , the project 's Medicaid policy director . “ As a rule , Medicaid does n't provide access to optional services , ” he said . “ Nobody 's getting plastic surgery on the taxpayers ' dime unless it 's really necessary . ”
Mini Roundup : Rethinking your contraception options ? Looks like you can either choose by cost , or by environmental factors . But whichever you choose , do n't look to get it in this corner of New York .
Aug 20
Indigenous family violence services receiving $ 25 million in federal funding
Updated
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has pledged to tackle family violence affecting Indigenous Australians with a $ 25 million allocation to services .
The funding is part of the Coalition 's third phase of the 12-year national plan to tackle family violence and comes from a $ 100 million allocation made in the 2016-17 federal budget .
Mr Turnbull announced the breakdown of the funding after meeting with state and territory leaders in Brisbane today .
He told reporters that he and his staff had been meeting with Indigenous leaders on how best to address the problem of violence against women .
`` We are definitely working with our first Australians on this , '' he said .
`` It 's an issue of the keenest focus . ''
The remaining $ 75 million will be spent on prevention and early intervention programs , improve domestic and family violence services and establish frontline legal services .
It will also provide $ 10 million to develop a national online complaints mechanism and police training package to counter `` revenge porn '' .
The funding is in addition to the Coalition 's $ 100 million women 's safety package , announced when Mr Turnbull became Prime Minister last year .
But Deputy Opposition Leader Tanya Plibersek said none of the funding was new money .
Ms Plibersek told the ABC the funding was not enough .
`` It 's re-announced money ... and it does n't go even a fraction of the way to replacing the more than $ 50m that 's been cut from legal services , '' she said .
`` Some community legal centres are talking about closing their doors . ''
Ms Plibersek also raised the issue of accommodation , stating that the Government needed to provide funding for the National Partnership Agreement on Homelessness , which runs out mid-2017 .
`` The question should n't be 'why does n't she leave ' but where would she go ' , '' she said .
Topics : government-and-politics , federal-government , budget , indigenous-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander , domestic-violence , australia
First posted
To the millions of Americans who have lost their health plans this year as a result of Obamacare , despite his pledge that they could keep their plans if they liked them , President Obama has something he 'd like to say . He 's sorry…sort of .
In an interview with NBC News last night , the president was asked whether he owed an apology to the millions of people who have already lost plans this year . Here 's what he said : “ I am sorry that they are finding themselves in this situation based on assurances they got from me . ”
To the extent that it matters , this is not a very good apology . For one thing , it gets the cause and effect wrong : People are n't “ finding themselves ” in “ this situation ” —the situation of having insurance plans they liked cancelled—because of Obama 's “ assurances. ” They are finding themselves in that situation because of legislation that his party crafted , rules his administration drafted , and a bill that he promoted vigorously and then signed into law . His assurances misled people about what would happen under that law , but did not cause the plans to be terminated .
But Obama is n't sorry for the law , or its intended effects . Notice also what Obama is carefully not apologizing for : the actual cancellation notices now being sent to millions of Americans . There 's a reason for that . As The Washington Post 's Sarah Kliff writes , “ eliminating certain health plans from the market—ones that the White House thinks are too skimpy—is a feature , not a bug , of the Affordable Care Act . ”
Obama is n't sorry about the cancellations , in other words , because they were intended all along . Despite his recent rhetorical revisionism , Obama explicitly promised otherwise , repeatedly , in order to help make the case for passing the law . It was a calculated and intentional deception . But apparently the president remains unrepentant about that . If there 's news here , it 's not that he apologized . It 's that he does not appear to be sorry that he lied .
Russell Westbrook has received a lot of praise in the wake of winning his first MVP award , but one former teammate 's congratulatory message is sure to make plenty of news — Kevin Durant of the Golden State Warriors .
In a comment on his YouTube channel , Durant sent well wishes to all of last night 's award winners . Of course that included Westbrook , his running mate in Oklahoma City for eight seasons . The two have shared a contentious relationship since Durant bolted from the Thunder last summer , but that did n't stop the Finals MVP from sharing some positive thoughts on the newly-crowned league MVP .
via YouTube :
“ Huge congrats to Russell Westbrook on MVP , that boy went out there and was a created player on 2k all year , F—in balled out . Got ta respect it ! ”
And the NSFW screenshot in case you ca n't believe it :
Durant forgot to congratulate Sixth Man of the Year winner Eric Gordon , so he jumped back in with a follow-up comment . Refusing to leave it at that , the story then circled back around to the now prevalent idea that Durant ruined the game with his decision to join the historically dominant Warriors in free agency .
Again via YouTube :
“ Also , congrats to Eric Gordon ! Changed the course of his career with his stellar play this season . His 3 point shooting was a joy to watch ! WHAT A YEAR , DONT DISRESPECT THESE PLAYERS OR THIS BEAUTIFUL GAME BY SAYING THIS YEAR WAS A DOWN YEAR FOR THE NBA . THE WHOLE LEAGUE SHOWED ”
It 's highly unlikely that Durant 's message will go very far in repairing the relationship , but hey — it 's a start . For now it simply is what it is , and Thunder fans can now get back to celebrating the accomplishment of it 's prized point guard .
Moving on .
We 're over 1000 backers and 35 % ! Great work everyone ! Let 's all continue our push ! Tell everyone you know and anyone you do n't know as well ! We 're going to post our stretch goals later this week to give this campaign an extra push . We think most players will be happy with the goals .
Today we 'll talk about the mini-games in My Time at Portia . Being mini-games , they do n't really have too much impact on the game progression or the story progression . But to us , they bring the extra details one would expect from this type of life simulation games . Players might not even play them very much , but when they do , they 'll bring a little wrinkle to the game experience . The major mini-game in this project is of course the sparring with the townsfolk , we 'll leave that for a separate topic by itself . We will take a look at a few others .
Fishing is mainstay in pretty much any game genre nowadays , and we 're not really bringing anything new to this as far as gameplay 's concerned . We just want it to be fun and consistent . We 're planning to have different fish at different locations , using different types of lure . So it 's really a collection game layered on top of the fishing game . All the collection can be put into an upgrade-able fish tank to display all the pretty fish .
Another mini-game is roping . This is basically the same game people can play in arcades . Brainless fun . We 're debating on what extra gameplay we can add to this game . Maybe tie this in with the milking mini-game , where the player needs to capture the cow of choice first before milking it . Still up for suggestions .
The darts mini-game is , well , darts , nothing too fancy . Same for the cross five mini-game people can play with Issac . We are adding a rock-paper-scissors game that the player can play with all NPCs , that 'll be alpha 3.0 .
The mini-games mentioned before are already in game or about to be . For future plans , and this will depend on budget , we have several very neat ideas . We want to have snow ball fights during the winter , plane races when the player has a plane in his or her inventory , and vehicle races . But again , these are just ideas , and we need time and money to execute these . But we will have them in the stretch goals , so let 's go for it !
Photo : Stephen McNally/UC Berkeley
Advertisement
Ron Fearing 's Biomimetic Millisystems Lab at UC Berkeley is famous for its stable of bite-sized bio-inspired robots , and Duncan Haldane is responsible for a whole bunch of them . He 's worked on running robots , robots with wings , robots with tails , and even robots with hairs , in case that 's your thing . What Haldane and the other members of the lab are especially good at is looking to some of the most talented and capable animals for inspiration in their robotic designs .
One of most talented and capable ( and cutest ) jumping animals is a fluffy little thing called a galago , or bushbaby . They live in Africa , weigh just a few kilos , and can leap tall ( nearly two meter ) bushes in a single bound . Part of the secret to this impressive jumping ability , which biologists only figured out a little over a decade ago , is that galagos use the structure of their legs to amplify the power of their muscles and tendons . In a paper just published in the ( brand new ! ) journal Science Robotics , Haldane ( along with M. M. Plecnik , J. K. Yim , and R. S. Fearing ) demonstrate the jumping capability of a little 100g robot called Salto , which leverages the galago 's tricks into what has to be the most agile and impressive legged * jumping skill we 've ever seen .
Useful motion through jumping is about more than just how high you can jump— it 's also about how frequently you can jump . For the purposes of this research , the term `` agility '' refers to how far upwards something can go while jumping over and over , or more technically , `` the maximum achievable average vertical velocity of the jumping system while performing repeated jumps . '' So , if you 're a galago , you can make jumps of 1.7m in height every 0.78s , giving you an agility of 2.2 m/s .
To be very agile , it 's not enough to be able to jump high : you also have to jump frequently . A robot like EPFL 's Jumper can make impressive vertical jumps of 1.3 meters , but it can only jump once every four seconds , giving it low agility . Minitaur , on the other hand , only jumps 0.48m , but it can do so every 0.43 second , giving it much higher agility despite its lower jumping height .
Increasing agility involves either jumping higher , jumping more frequently , or ( usually ) both . Galagos can jump high , but what makes them so agile is that they can jump high over and over again . Most robots that jump high have low agility , because ( like EPFL 's Jumper ) they have to spend time winding up a spring in order to store up enough energy to jump again , which kills their jump frequency . The Berkeley researchers wanted a robot that could match the galago in both jump height and frequency to achieve comparable agility , and they managed to get pretty darn close with Salto , which can make 1m hops every 0.58 seconds for an agility of 1.7 m/s .
The starting point for Salto 's jumping is common to many jumping robots : an elastic element , like a spring . In Salto 's case , the spring ( which is a bit of rubber that can be twisted ) is placed in series between a motor and the environment , resulting in a series elastic actuator ( SEA ) . SEAs are nice because they help to protect the motor , allow for force control , let you recover some energy passively , and enable power modulation .
That last one is especially important : power modulation is a controlled ( modulated ) storing and releasing of power , and in the case of a jumping robot like Salto , it means that you can pump a bunch of energy into winding up a spring over a ( relatively ) long amount of time , and then release that energy over a ( relatively ) short amount of time . Many of the most successful jumping robots use elastic actuators to modulate how their actuators deliver power : by using a motor to wind up a spring , and then dumping all of that energy out of the spring at once to jump , robots can be much more powerful than if they were relying on the motor output alone .
Galagos have springs like this in the form of muscles and tendons , but what the Berkeley researchers implemented in Salto was something else that the galagos use to increase their jumping performance : a leg with variable mechanical advantage . The shape of a galago 's leg , and the technique that it uses to jump , allow it to output a staggering 15 times more power than its muscles can by themselves , and this kind of performance is the goal of Salto .
Mechanical advantage is what happens when you use a lever ( like a crowbar ) to convert a small amount of force and a large amount of motion into a large amount of force and a small amount of motion . What 's unique about Salto 's leg ( and the legs of galagos and other jumping animals ) is that its mechanical advantage is variable : when the leg is retracted ( when the robot or animal is crouching on a surface ) , it has very low mechanical advantage . As the jumping motion begins , the mechanical advantage stays low as long as possible , and then rapidly increases as the leg extends in a jumping motion . Essentially , this slows down the takeoff part of the jump , giving the foot more time in contact with the surface . When the galago does this , Haldane calls it a `` supercrouch . ''
This mechanically-advantaged crouching adds 60 milliseconds to the amount of time that Salto spends in contact with a surface during the takeoff phase of a jump . It does n't sound like much , and you barely notice while watching the robot in action , but it more than doubles the time that Salto can transmit energy through its leg over a non-variable mechanically-advantaged design , which results in an increase in jumping power of nearly 3x . A Salto-like robot using only a series elastic actuator would be able to jump to 0.75m , while Salto itself ( with its variable mechanical advantage leg ) jumps to a full meter in height . This is what 's so cool about Salto : you get this massive boost to performance thanks purely to a very clever bio-inspired leg design . It 's not a galago yet , but it does do just as well as a bullfrog :
I guess the other thing that 's so cool about Salto is that it 's already doing Parkour— using a vertical surface that would otherwise be an obstacle to instead simultaneously increase its jump height and change direction . You 've probably noticed that Salto does n't have a lot of sensing on it right now , and its jumping skills are all open-loop . In order to orient itself , it uses a rotary inertial tail , but it 's not ( yet ) able to adapt to different surfaces on its own .
The next things that the researchers will be working on include investigating new modes of locomotion , and of course chaining together multiple jumps , perhaps with integrated sensing . There 's also potential for adding another leg ( or three ) to see what happens , but at least in the near term , Haldane says he 's going to see how far he can get with the monopedal version of Salto .
It 's also worth mentioning that Salto 's variable mechanical advantage leg can be adapted to other legged robots that use SEAs , like StarlETH , ANYmal , or ATRIAS , and we 're very interested to see how this idea might improve the performance and efficiency of other platforms .
“ Robotic Vertical Jumping Agility Via Series-Elastic Power Modulation , ” by Duncan W. Haldane , M. M. Plecnik , J. K. Yim , and R. S. Fearing from UC Berkeley , was published today in the very first issue of Science Robotics .
[ UC Berkeley ]
* The researchers are , in general , comparing Salto to untethered , non-explosive jumpers . Using a tether for power means that you do n't have to worry nearly as much about efficiency , which is sort of cheating . And explosive jumpers ( such as Sand Flea and these little rocket-jumpers ) are certainly capable of some ridiculous jumping performance , but it 's difficult to compare their energy production to mechanical robots like Salto .
READER COMMENTS ON
`` Invitation to Pre-Inauguration Opening of The George W. Bush Presidential Library ... ''
( 45 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Nuisance Man said on 1/10/2009 @ 1:27 pm PT ...
HILARIOUS ! Thanks , Karen and Brad ...
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... ShortWoman said on 1/10/2009 @ 3:06 pm PT ...
The Waterboarding Pool
-- Because it 's not torture
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/10/2009 @ 3:20 pm PT ...
The Executive Privilege Room ,
the main body of the structure , into which public access is denied .
.
.
.
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... SillyGit said on 1/10/2009 @ 3:52 pm PT ...
The Donald Rumsfeld Room Currently displaying known knowns , and known unknowns . Unknown unknowns will be displayed as soon as they are known .
COMMENT # 5 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/10/2009 @ 4:11 pm PT ...
The Cave Room .
where visitors can hunt for Osama Bin Laden ( warning is may take over seven years to complete with no result . )
COMMENT # 6 [ Permalink ]
... SillyGit said on 1/10/2009 @ 4:17 pm PT ...
One more . The John Ashcroft Room -
Where all topless female statues wear tasteful bikini tops .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/10/2009 @ 5:26 pm PT ...
The Supreme Court Nominations Room ,
cloakroom where candidates are prepped for confirmation hearings .
.
.
. Bid to overturn Voting Rights Act
COMMENT # 8 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/10/2009 @ 5:39 pm PT ...
Just LOVE THAT LAST ROOM people : WHERE ELECTRONIC VOTING MACHINES DO N'T COUNT YOUR VOTE ! AN , THE SUPREME COURT CHOOSES
YOUR PRESIDENT .
COMMENT # 9 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:22 pm PT ...
a one book library `` My pet goat '' do n't need any rooms .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:29 pm PT ...
The Dick Cheney Cafeteria , with catering provided by Halliburton and KBR . Try the club sandwich -- a bargain at $ 1,500 ( add $ 30.00 to add a cup of soup and a side salad ) .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... d said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:33 pm PT ...
how about the `` Outhouse '' where covert agents ' covers are blown
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:34 pm PT ...
The Dick Cheney Cafeteria offers weekend specials on desert : yellow cake and shoe fly pie
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:40 pm PT ...
The Dick Cheney Audiovisual Annex : to enter , you need top-level clearance and a current Heritage Foundation or Federalist Society membership card . The Barbara Bush powder room , located next to the Dick Cheney Audiovisual Annex . No Child Left Behind classroom ( closed to children under 18 )
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:42 pm PT ...
The Florida Alcove , donated by Katherine Harris , and the Ohio Atrium , donated by Kenneth Blackwell
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:48 pm PT ...
The Karl Rove Gallery : currently on display , the world-famous `` Mission Accomplished '' banner and a photography series called `` The Bush Years : Sex , Lies , and Videotape . ''
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:51 pm PT ...
Exploratorium for Kids : Hands-on learning opportunities for kids . ( Suggestion : bring towels and swimsuits for the waterboarding exhibit . )
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:55 pm PT ...
The Blackwater Salon : Book clubs are welcome to meet here free of charge . Please sign up early ; registration slots are filling up fast . All book choices must be approved by the administration first .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:59 pm PT ...
The Mike Connell Computer Room : Beginning , intermediate , and advanced classes on the use of computers and other electronic media in politics .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/10/2009 @ 8:15 pm PT ...
THE JEFF GANNON ROOM
( KY optional )
anybody blown
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Off the Grid said on 1/10/2009 @ 11:42 pm PT ...
The Mission Accomplished Room
when you turn the door handle a trap door opens and you fall into a bottomless pit .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... NewConstituionalConvention said on 1/10/2009 @ 11:50 pm PT ...
The Music Room : Where Bush beats his drum and does his African Jig knowing that he got away with War Crimes and gets to enjoy Secret Service protection and the best health care at taxpayer expense .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... NewConstitutionalConvention said on 1/10/2009 @ 11:58 pm PT ...
The Black Site Room : in the Blueprints , but does n't officially exist .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/11/2009 @ 4:11 am PT ...
The Government is Bad Room : Where all of the Corporations hide their ill gotten gains from taxation . Sorry , Full The John Boner Room : get your kleenex here . The Mental Midget Room : where Mitch McConnell goes to get his talking points from Rove about Obamas new nominees . Sorry , Full
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Luther Weeks said on 1/11/2009 @ 5:06 am PT ...
The Pardon Parlor Free admission to those with concealed smoking guns . But hurry expected to fill up by Jan 20th .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Luther Weeks said on 1/11/2009 @ 5:12 am PT ...
The Palin 2012 Room See a painting of the sun in orbit of the earth . Each visitor receives certification as a Foreign Policy expert . Please , no magazines of newspapers .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 1/11/2009 @ 11:40 am PT ...
The Language Lab -- - where you can don headphones and hear the new pronunciation of words such as `` nuclear . '' The Modern Iraq History Wing , where you can review the background information which led to the Iraq War . Highlights : Learn that Saddam Was Behind 9/11 ; that Saddam Would n't Let The Inspectors In ; how the rationale of Eliminate Imminent Danger from WMD 's morphed into Elminate the Potential of Future Danger from a Potential WMD Program , and how `` Iraq is Swimming in a Sea of Oil '' did n't mean that oil had anything to do with why we went to war , that No One Meant to Out a CIA Agent , It Was An Accident , that All The Intelligence Pointed to WMD 's ; see the satellite photos that `` fooled '' Colin Powell and were shown to the UN . And much , much more .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/11/2009 @ 12:47 pm PT ...
Great list ! But hey folks , have you voted for Brad today ? http : //www.bradblog.com/ ? p=6801 I did !
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 1/11/2009 @ 1:04 pm PT ...
the upside down room of nonjustice : whr regular folks r prosecuted for herb , seat belt violations,3 cocktails while driving , not being a corporatation ( in general anything the nonjustice department can dream up ) while war criminals and the murderers of the constitution stand behind the false media and dance away the night
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/11/2009 @ 3:12 pm PT ...
The Ken Lay Memorial Chapel . Gee , does n't that janitor look awfully familiar ? And is that a Rolex he 's wearing ?
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/11/2009 @ 4:01 pm PT ...
If you register at change.org you can vote for a Department of Peace and Nonviolence ... make Walter Cronkite and Yoko Ono very happy , and get Dennis Kucinich in the cabinet ....
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Thick-Witted Liberal said on 1/11/2009 @ 5:09 pm PT ...
Thank you Karen , but I think it should be spelled `` Libary ''
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... SillyGit said on 1/11/2009 @ 5:58 pm PT ...
Brad and John - NEWS FLASH Lee Stranahan has an article up at HuffPo that is of interest . http : //www.huffingtonpos ... er-fraud-i_b_156972.html Ann Coulter commits voting fraud again . She registered to vote in New Canaan Connecticut using her parent 's address , but she does not live there . This is a clear violation of CT 's election laws ( I lived in CT from 1979 to 2008 ) . It appears that she was also registered to vote in FL ( her current real residence ) and NY ( where she often is ) . It is believed that she has voted twice in CT while living in NY . If this was n't enough , she has been using and publicizing an address in FL that is used as a government provided mail drop for victims of domestic violence . I wonder who she did to get set up to use that . Lee ties everything together nicely . The story that prompted Lee was in the New York Daily News and Lee 's article has links to all of the pertinent articles and information . Lee mentions the Palm Beach registration story .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Brian said on 1/11/2009 @ 11:38 pm PT ...
The 9/11 Room .
Even though this room is in one of 267 stories , between three towers made of high grade steel and concrete , it may explode to dust and molten lava due to fire ...
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Tom Hussein Paine said on 1/12/2009 @ 12:34 am PT ...
The GWB IPC International Paralympic Training Center . In recognition of outstanding and relentless scorched earth/grass roots policy of Paralympic athlete recruitment . No one has give so many people from all over the world , the opportunity to potentially represent their country in the world 's 2nd biggest sporting event . A wheelchair accessible pool , workout eqipment and gym for potential Paralympians who have been touched by W 's wars .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 1/12/2009 @ 6:14 am PT ...
The Foresight Void Chamber - where you will be able to ponder all the things that no one could possibly have foreseen .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/12/2009 @ 7:31 am PT ...
If the lie-berry does n't have the `` Henry Lee Lucas Memorial Room '' , I ai n't goin ' .
The only person Bush commuted to life out of 150 or so executed as Governor of Texas , a man after his own heart . That fact is so damned chilling to me .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/12/2009 @ 9:11 am PT ...
The Rumsfield Telco FIOS Tap Room
Where all public communications are recorded forever Connected to the ... The Michael Connel IT Server Lab
Where government email and websites are overwritten , scrubbed , lost , or hacked Connected to the ... The George W. Bush Sewage Treatment Plant
Yes all the grindings of the hard drive platters into sand flow freely here along with the raw sewage , and some unknown poison straight into the sea
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/12/2009 @ 9:33 am PT ...
The Sensory Deprivation Tank Room ,
where members of the public can see what it was like to be in his administration .
.
.
.
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... disillusioned said on 1/12/2009 @ 9:51 am PT ...
The PNAC room , where artifacts from Pearl Harbor and 9/11 are thoroughly intermixed .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/12/2009 @ 10:37 am PT ...
Hey 99 @ 30 , I just voted THANKS ! http : //www.change.org/id ... f_peace_and_non-violence Dennis is the only congresscrappers ( Hi Zapper ) with a pair : http : //www.democracynow .... _arms_export_and_control
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Gary said on 1/13/2009 @ 8:40 am PT ...
The Afghanistan War Room
A room requiring your full attention , Oh Wait , there 's The Iraq War Room .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... MarkH said on 1/13/2009 @ 12:47 pm PT ...
The War Room - where political campaigns are run The Campaign Room - where wars are planned & run The Press Room - where the admin . writes the questions and answers to get their propaganda out The Coffee Cart : It has coke , pretzels and all the other things Dubya used . The Fun Room - where video of Bush ( having fun ) screaming at people are shown every day
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Tom Belt said on 1/14/2009 @ 7:51 am PT ...
The Senatorial Restroom
All stalls equipped for wide stance
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/15/2009 @ 1:11 am PT ...
The dana perano room , where bush STILL LIES . `` Aint she sharp an doable ''
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/15/2009 @ 1:37 am PT ...
Or maybe it 's “ How Far You 've Gone Away , Round the Bend , Way , Way , Way Far Away . ”
There 's a useful Facebook fake account called “ Condescending Corporate Brand Page , ” and it 's one long cautionary tale of what not to do if you 're in charge of an insatiable Facebook ( or any social media ) feed for a company .
It should make you think long and soul-searchingly before you lightly begin a social media feed in the first place , even . Remember : if you bring a social media account into the world for your restaurant , you 'll have to feed it every day . Every day . And when you get desperate , you 're likely to accidentally be condescending . And then they 've gotcha .
Anyway .
Let 's put that bit of foolishness out our minds ( oh , wait , Condescending Corporate Brand Page has another piece of foolishness from Burger King for you here first ) . Let 's watch the case study of Subservient Chicken , then watch somebody play around with it :
Now that 's an entertaining , innovative web presence that evokes an entertaining , innovative corporate entity ( a.k.a. , “ company ” ) ( sorry , that might have come off as condescending ) . The site does , admittedly , make it seem like the corporate entity is aimed at young men . Which turned out to be their big undoing . But , as a man who sometimes enjoys imagining himself as young , it was fun while it lasted .
This post contains 35 awesome examples of Digital Art and Manipulation . You may find numbers of posts and tutorials about photo manipulation , but we are confident that the list that we are going to provide you with will make you look twice at it .
We really appreciate the work of these brilliant designers who have created these art wonders by their hard work , imagination and creativity it will refresh your mind when you start browsing through it in detail . Please share your comments with us !
Beautiful Photo Manipulation Artworks
Requiem
Summer Experiments
Ultimo-segredo
Sex Slaves
Disintegration
Desejo
VIBE
Altered state of consciousness
I see decay all around me
We All Fall
Digital
Flame and Ice
End of summer
Forever without you
Souvenir
Do n't Smoke
Freedom
Image-Diary
Feel My Greatest Temptation III
Migration
TIME
O Harpista e O Maestro
Touch the Sky of Dreams
Twenty
SlashThree
Candy Clouds
Crescendo
Green
Must Ditch Lalu Yadav , Bihar Lawmakers Tell Rahul Gandhi In Person The Congress has 27 lawmakers or MLAs in Bihar ; of them , about 19 want out . Barely a week ago , their representatives met with Mr Gandhi 's mother and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi in Delhi .
Share EMAIL PRINT The Congress has 27 lawmakers in Bihar ; of them , about 19 want out . ( File )
Patna : Highlights Most of Congress ' 27 lawmakers in Bihar considering split : sources Rahul Gandhi meets with some of them in Delhi Lalu Yadav an ankleweight , must ditch him , they tell him
The Congress has 27 lawmakers or MLAs in Bihar ; of them , about 19 want out . Barely a week ago , their representatives met with Mr Gandhi 's mother and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi in Delhi . She stressed to them that it 's imperative for the Congress to remain fastened to parties and leaders like
The Gandhis have a reputation for being a little difficult to access by state legislators - the fact that they 've made time separately and just days apart to hear the complaints of their Bihar branch telegraphs that the possibility of a split in the party has breached the danger mark .
Mr Gandhi met with 11 lawmakers at his Delhi residence yesterday . Today , he is expected to confer with another ten . Six have refused to travel to Delhi ; they say they 're working in their constituencies which have been ravaged by floods , but privately admit to playing hardball .
Ashok Choudhary , who heads the Congress in Bihar , is not a member of the delegations which will heighten talk that he wants to disengage with the Congress and is working on taking many legislators with him . In July ,
Lalu Yadav and his children are now named in a score of corruption cases ; they say this is Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's way of punishing them for their sustained campaign against him , a claim backed by the Gandhis and other opposition leaders like Mamata Banerjee .
But a growing faction of the Congress in Bihar believes privately that the party 's association with Lalu Yadav eats large chunks into its credibility at a time when its standing has been greatly diminished by electoral losses . Those who attended yesterday 's meeting in Delhi said that Mr Gandhi gave them a patient hearing and offered little feedback .
Some legislators openly called for terminating the association with Lalu Yadav , who was told today by the CBI that he must appear for questioning on Tuesday to explain allegations that he used his earlier term as Railways Minister to award lucrative contracts to private companies that thanked him with kickbacks that were eventually converted into a plush real estate portfolio for his family . Other MLAs told Mr Gandhi that the Congress must reinvigorate its grassroots workers and , if needed , revive an alliance with Lalu Yadav only if it feels it needs him closer to the time of the next state election .
Lalu Yadav is a long-time supporter of Sonia Gandhi ; he was among the early proponents of the need for her to lead the Congress after her husband and former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated . But in Bihar , his home turf , the local leaders of the Congress feel his allure has not endured . It is why they urged Mr Gandhi not to attend the anti-PM Modi rally that he held last month in Patna which was addressed by Ms Banerjee , the Chief Minister of West Bengal , and other opposition leaders . The Gandhis heeded the advice of the Bihar Congress , and did not appear , choosing instead to send a representative to the event , a move that offended Lalu Yadav . Rahul Gandhi has met with a group of his party 's legislators in Bihar who are rumoured to be readying to ditch the Congress . The meeting that was held yesterday in Delhi reportedly saw 11 law-makers from Bihar warning their leader that the Congress must abandon old ally and regional heavyweight Lalu Yadav or risk further disinterest among voters.The Congress has 27 lawmakers or MLAs in Bihar ; of them , about 19 want out . Barely a week ago , their representatives met with Mr Gandhi 's mother and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi in Delhi . She stressed to them that it 's imperative for the Congress to remain fastened to parties and leaders like Lalu Yadav who are committed to fighting the BJP 's right-wing ideology . The Gandhis have a reputation for being a little difficult to access by state legislators - the fact that they 've made time separately and just days apart to hear the complaints of their Bihar branch telegraphs that the possibility of a split in the party has breached the danger mark.Mr Gandhi met with 11 lawmakers at his Delhi residence yesterday . Today , he is expected to confer with another ten . Six have refused to travel to Delhi ; they say they 're working in their constituencies which have been ravaged by floods , but privately admit to playing hardball.Ashok Choudhary , who heads the Congress in Bihar , is not a member of the delegations which will heighten talk that he wants to disengage with the Congress and is working on taking many legislators with him . In July , he was kept waiting for three days by Mr Gandhi at a time when the Congress had been ditched , along with Lalu Yadav , by Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar.Using a corruption case filed by the CBI against Lalu Yadav as break point , the Chief Minister scissored the alliance referred to as the Maha-Gathbandhan which combined his party with the Congress and Lalu Yadav ; he then formed a new government with the BJP.Lalu Yadav and his children are now named in a score of corruption cases ; they say this is Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's way of punishing them for their sustained campaign against him , a claim backed by the Gandhis and other opposition leaders like Mamata Banerjee.But a growing faction of the Congress in Bihar believes privately that the party 's association with Lalu Yadav eats large chunks into its credibility at a time when its standing has been greatly diminished by electoral losses . Those who attended yesterday 's meeting in Delhi said that Mr Gandhi gave them a patient hearing and offered little feedback . Some legislators openly called for terminating the association with Lalu Yadav , who was told today by the CBI that he must appear for questioning on Tuesday to explain allegations that he used his earlier term as Railways Minister to award lucrative contracts to private companies that thanked him with kickbacks that were eventually converted into a plush real estate portfolio for his family . Other MLAs told Mr Gandhi that the Congress must reinvigorate its grassroots workers and , if needed , revive an alliance with Lalu Yadav only if it feels it needs him closer to the time of the next state election.Lalu Yadav is a long-time supporter of Sonia Gandhi ; he was among the early proponents of the need for her to lead the Congress after her husband and former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated . But in Bihar , his home turf , the local leaders of the Congress feel his allure has not endured . It is why they urged Mr Gandhi not to attend the anti-PM Modi rally that he held last month in Patna which was addressed by Ms Banerjee , the Chief Minister of West Bengal , and other opposition leaders . The Gandhis heeded the advice of the Bihar Congress , and did not appear , choosing instead to send a representative to the event , a move that offended Lalu Yadav . NDTV Beeps - your daily newsletter
Over 100 special guests joined us at our brand-new Flaunt development in Leeds as we officially unveiled the two bedroom Livorno . VIP guests were invited to take a look around the brand-new show home and catch a glimpse of their homes ahead of move in day .
Our Chief Executive Andrew Weaver said : “ It 's great to be able to provide inner city living with actual homes . So many people want to live near the city centre and we 're glad to introduce Flaunt , it 's a popular location because people can walk to work as well as call somewhere home . Leeds is a thriving city and it 's great to be part of this exciting development . ”
Inside the homes
The Livorno is a two bedroom home designed over three floors , with space for a bedroom or office space on the ground floor making it perfect for couples and house shares . The first floor features an open lounge and dining area with room for the fully equipped kitchen featuring all the latest appliances . Upstairs on the second floor you 'll find the beautiful second bedroom and ensuite with views over the development and canal .
The location
The first of its kind , this brand-new development was created to provide inner city living . Within walking distance of the city centre along Leeds and Liverpool Canal , Flaunt is close to is nearby such as the Trinity Leeds shopping centre and a wide range of local bars and restaurants .
What our customers say
Becky and Pete said : “ We wanted to live here so we can walk to work . We get the best of both worlds with living in a house and being near the city centre . ”
Danielle and Andrew said : “ There are no other houses like the Livorno . A home in the city centre is what we wanted so we can both walk to work . We also love the landscape of the home and all the green space . ”
Eve said : “ As soon as I saw the show home I fell in love with the interior design . I love the style of the new houses and ca n't wait to move in . ”
Freda said : “ It 's a dream . I could n't believe it when I saw the sign , I texted my friend and said they are building homes . Flaunt has a wonderful layout and looks like a village . The walk across the canal is lovely too . ”
Dozens of cities , counties and school districts are helping employees buy medicines from Canada and overseas , where prices are up to 80 percent cheaper . ( bigstock/bigstock )
Schenectady County , N.Y. , is on track to pay 20 percent less on prescription drugs for its employees this year than in 2003 .
Flagler County , Fla. , expects to save nearly $ 200,000 in 2017 on brand-name medicines for its 800 workers , thanks to drug costs that have fallen 10 percent since 2016 .
Kokomo , Ind. , has found a way to save so much money buying drugs that it offers employees a free 90-day supply of certain popular medications .
While the nation grapples with soaring drug prices , dozens of cities , counties and school districts have found a solution they say protects their budgets and saves workers money : They are helping employees buy medicines from Canada and overseas , where prices are up to 80 percent cheaper .
`` We love it . . . . It 's a win-win , '' said Anita Stoker , benefits and wellness manager for Flagler County , which has a program enabling its employees to get drugs from pharmacies in Canada , Britain , Australia and New Zealand .
The number of municipalities offering this benefit is growing , even though the Food and Drug Administration considers such drug importation to be illegal and this fall began stepping up enforcement against storefronts advertising the same service . In October it raided nine central Florida locations that helped a mostly senior population order drugs from pharmacies in other countries . Investigators warned the stores ' owners that they were operating illegally and could face fines or jail time .
Yet the agency has not made any concerted move to shut down these stores , which first opened in 2003 , or the municipal programs , which mostly launched in the past few years .
`` The FDA does not comment on its compliance or enforcement strategy regarding specific FDA-regulated products , '' a spokesman said when asked about the programs . `` When noncompliance with FDA regulations is found , the agency may take , and has taken , a variety of advisory , administrative and judicial actions depending on the violations identified . ''
Millions of Americans have bought prescriptions from outside the United States by driving to Mexico or Canada , using the Internet or shopping at stores that assist with purchases , according to recent surveys . The FDA does not prosecute consumers for doing so , although their packages can be intercepted at the border as contraband and the contents returned or destroyed .
Congress has repeatedly passed legislation legalizing the importation of prescription drugs in the past 20 years , but both Democratic and Republican administrations have opted not to implement it . The FDA says importing drugs is dangerous because of the possibility that medications are counterfeit , mislabeled or otherwise unsafe — a view vigorously supported by the U.S. pharmaceutical industry .
The industry 's largest trade group , the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , applauded the recent FDA raids . `` We welcome the FDA 's action to crack down on drug-importation schemes , '' said spokeswoman Holly Campbell .
Still , importation enjoys strong support on Capitol Hill . In a hearing last month on Alex M. Azar II 's nomination to lead the Health and Human Services Department , Sen. Rand Paul ( R-Ky. ) said he would oppose the former drug company executive unless Azar committed to implementing an importation plan . Told by Azar that the problem was guaranteeing safety , Paul replied : `` The American people think it 's B.S . that you ca n't buy drugs from Europe or from Canada or Mexico or other places . ''
A growing number of city and county officials argue that their employees should have the option to buy less expensive prescription drugs and that helping them do so does not violate any laws . Their efforts mimic those of several states in the early 2000s , which briefly maintained websites to help residents buy drugs from Canada .
Drugs ordered from overseas often come with the same packaging as in the United States . CanaRx , based in Windsor , Ontario , and ElectRx , based in Detroit , say they vet pharmacies to ensure customers get the real product . Counties , cities and schools , plus an increasing number of private companies , contract with one of these businesses for online service .
Individuals can not purchase on their own through CanaRx or ElectRx , which sell only three-month supplies and do not offer drugs available as generics in the United States .
The price savings for common medicines outside U.S. borders can be huge , since other countries negotiate prices with manufacturers or allow cheaper generic equivalents to be sold more rapidly . For example , a 90-day supply of the diabetes drug Januvia , imported from Britain , may sell for $ 83 — compared with $ 423 here . The blood thinner Xarelto costs $ 89 monthly when imported from Britain versus $ 485 a month in the United States .
Companies selling drugs from Canada and overseas say the FDA 's safety concerns are unjustified . The recent FDA raids on the Florida storefronts followed a sting operation in which undercover agents purchased medicines from overseas — all of which proved in testing to contain the ingredients matching the medicines ordered .
`` The ones that we found and tested may have been [ safe ] , but that does n't mean that they all were , '' FDA spokeswoman Lyndsay Meyer counters . `` You never know what you 're going to get or how they were stored — it 's a gamble . And importantly , it 's prohibited under federal law . ''
Cities and counties that facilitate online ordering from overseas often do so on the advice of their insurance brokers . `` In this day and age , when it 's common for employers to see a 20 or 30 percent annual increase in drug costs , we are seeing a negative drug trend in Flagler County — that 's unheard of , '' said Sherry Bugnet , an account executive with the Bailey Group , an insurance broker in St. Augustine , Fla .
Schenectady County has worked with CanaRx for over a decade to allow employees to buy drugs overseas , saving more than $ 10 million during that period ; prescriptions involve no co-pay if the service is used . The few times that U.S. customs officials confiscated medicines at an international mail-processing facility , CanaRx merely re-sent the shipment .
`` It helps us keep our tax rate down and helps us give cost-of-living increases to employees , '' said Chris Gardner , a county attorney who helped start the program . He has used it to order his own cholesterol and blood pressure prescriptions .
Encouraged by the successes elsewhere , the Pasco County , Fla. , school district began offering the international pharmacy option in July to its 9,600 employees and dependents . Employees pay nothing for their first 90-day order of brand-name drugs , then $ 10 for each 90-day refill . About 75 workers have used the program , according to Patricia Howard , the district 's senior manager for benefits and risk .
Others in Florida soon will follow , with Sarasota and the Palm Beach county clerk of courts and comptroller set to unveil similar programs in January .
`` If cities and counties have done their due diligence to ensure their employees are getting drugs from reputable sources , then there is nothing wrong with it , '' said Carmen Catizone , executive director of the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy , which promotes safe pharmacy practices . `` If not , they could be playing Russian roulette . ''
Kaiser Health News , a nonprofit news service covering health issues , is an editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation .
Read more :
The Trump administration is taking on drug prices — but not drug companies
Massachusetts grabs spotlight by proposing new twist on Medicaid drug coverage
MONTREAL—There have been arrests in the case of a massive maple syrup heist , police announced Tuesday as they celebrated a break in their months-long multi-jurisdictional search for the stolen sticky stuff .
Three people have been detained in connection with the theft of a large quantity of the national condiment from a warehouse in Quebec .
About 2.7 million kilos of maple syrup was reported missing after a routine inventory check last summer . Or , if your preferred unit of measurement is pancakes , the stolen amount would have provided a one-tablespoon topping for a whopping 183 million flapjacks .
Police say they have now recovered most of the missing syrup . They have also seized vehicles suspected of being used in the trafficking operation and equipment like scales and electronic lifts .
Those arrested are expected to face charges in a Trois-Rivieres courtroom of theft , conspiracy , fraud and trafficking in stolen goods .
There are arrest warrants out for five other people .
“ This investigation is not over , ” Claude Denis of the Quebec provincial police said .
“ It 's ongoing , and other arrests could follow . ”
Officers from the RCMP , the Canada Border Services Agency and the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement assisted the Quebec provincial police in the investigation — which featured interviews with 300 people in the maple syrup industry in Quebec , Ontario , New Brunswick and the northern U.S .
The alleged crime occurred at one of the several warehouses containing Quebec 's maple syrup stockpile , which is generally about 21 million kilos worth roughly $ 120 million .
The theft was discovered during a routine inventory check at the warehouse belonging to the Quebec Federation of Maple Syrup Producers in St-Louis-de-Blandford , Que .
Most of the breakfast bootie has been recovered .
“ Two-thirds of stolen syrup was recovered , ” Denis said .
Even though Quebec claims to produce four-fifths of the world 's maple syrup , the missing barrels did not actually affect world prices , one industry insider says .
The missing amount comprised barely one-10th of the province 's strategic reserve .
“ In terms of volume it 's very big but in relation to the entire inventory , it 's small , ” said Simon Trepanier , acting director-general of the Quebec Federation of Maple Syrup Producers .
“ In terms of supply of the market , at the level of volumes , it did n't really have an impact . ”
Trepanier said he did n't know whether any of the stolen syrup made it to market .
Police said they had arrested Richard Vallieres , 34 , of Loretteville , Que. , Avik Caron , 39 , of St-Wenceslas , Que. , and a third suspect whom they did not name in a news release Tuesday .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Aliko Dangote : `` For the first time in our lifetime we 'll see Nigeria exporting petroleum product ''
Africa 's wealthiest man , Aliko Dangote , has signed a multi-billion dollar deal with banks to finance the building of an oil refinery in Nigeria .
The refinery would be the largest in Africa , turning Nigeria into a petroleum exporter , he told the BBC .
Nigeria is Africa 's biggest oil producer but lacks refining capacity and has to import most of its fuel .
The West African state is often hit by fuel shortages , and conflict over control of its oil wealth .
People in Nigeria 's oil-producing southern Niger Delta region are among the country 's poorest and accuse the government and oil companies of failing to develop the area .
'Dilapidated refineries '
At least for the first time in our lifetime , we 'll see Nigeria exporting petroleum products Aliko Dangote , Businessman
Mr Dangote , a Nigerian who made his fortune in cement , flour and sugar , is worth an estimated $ 16bn ( £10bn ) and has topped the Forbes list of Africa 's richest men for the past three years .
Mr Dangote told the BBC 's Focus on Africa programme the refinery would create `` thousands '' of jobs .
It would be built in the south-west and would become operational in 2016 , he said .
Mr Dangote signed a $ 3.3bn loan deal with local and foreign banks to build the refinery , as well as fertiliser and petrochemical plants .
The entire venture would cost $ 9bn , with $ 3bn in equity from Dangote Industries and $ 6bn to be raised in loan capital .
The initial loan facility was co-ordinated globally by Standard Chartered and in Nigeria by Guaranty Trust Bank , London 's Financial Times newspaper reports .
`` At least for the first time in our lifetime , we 'll see Nigeria exporting petroleum products , '' Mr Dangote told Focus on Africa on the BBC World Service .
`` We 'll also see Nigeria for the first time exporting fertiliser rather than using hard-earned foreign exchange to import fertiliser , '' he added .
Nigeria currently imports more than three-quarters of its fuel despite being the continent 's biggest producer .
Although it has two refineries in the Port Harcourt area , neither runs at full capacity .
Previous efforts to repair Nigeria 's dilapidated refineries and build new ones have been scuppered to protect the interests of powerful fuel importers , some of whom have been linked to a subsidy scam costing the country billions of dollars a year , correspondents say .
Fuel in Nigeria is sold at a subsidised price . A government attempt to remove the subsidy in 2012 led to nationwide protests . The plan was subsequently dropped .
Last year an investigation revealed that in two years , more than $ 6bn was lost in a fuel subsidy scam .
Issue # 11 | Call for Submissions
With the remaining copies of The Book of T.O.F.U . now on sale at a number of great vegan businesses ( expect a post with details soon ! ) , the time has come for work on the next issue to move into full swing . So , I 'm putting out an open call for submissions , and I 'd love to hear from you . Of course , before you start writing , you might want a little more info , right ? Well , read on my friend !
Submissions Close : Monday , May 2 , 2016 Monday , May 16 , 2016 *
Complete Works Due : Monday , May 16 , 2016 Monday , May 30 , 2016 *
About the Issue
The eleventh issue of T.O.F.U . will focus on the topic of veganism and physical health . Going beyond the facade that veganism is the path to perfection , the issue hopes to provide a space for people to talk about their battles with declining health , chronic illness , and disease while maintaining ( or questioning the end of ) a vegan diet . Ideally , this will then lead to dialogue regarding our relationships with food , and mental health ( including disordered eating ) , in future issues .
Submission Guidelines
Be familiar with T.O.F.U . and its past issues . You 'll be writing for a ( mainly ) vegan audience that understands the need for intersectionality and does n't have to be convinced that animals are our friends . Also , I do n't want to turn down ideas because they were already covered in a very similar manner .
and its past issues . You 'll be writing for a ( mainly ) vegan audience that understands the need for intersectionality and does n't have to be convinced that animals are our friends . Also , I do n't want to turn down ideas because they were already covered in a very similar manner . Send a few ideas , if possible . Together , I 'm sure we can figure out a great article !
, if possible . Together , I 'm sure we can figure out a great article ! Quality and quantity . When it comes to contributing , you should be comfortable with writing at least 1800-2500 words . Smaller submissions will be considered , but the aim is to have something more substantial than a blog post .
. When it comes to contributing , you should be comfortable with writing at least 1800-2500 words . Smaller submissions will be considered , but the aim is to have something more substantial than a blog post . Original and unpublished content . I do n't want other publications mad that I 'm running the same piece , and I 'd like for my readers to be excited for something new from every author , if possible . Please do n't just copy and paste something from your blog into an email .
. I do n't want other publications mad that I 'm running the same piece , and I 'd like for my readers to be excited for something new from every author , if possible . Please do n't just copy and paste something from your blog into an email . Be excited . I 'm accustomed to sending emails to people multiple times to round-up articles , but I 'm not going to chase after you for long .
. I 'm accustomed to sending emails to people multiple times to round-up articles , but I 'm not going to chase after you for long . Eat your veggies . Maybe this goes without saying , but you should be vegan .
. Maybe this goes without saying , but you should be vegan . No recipes . I 'm sure you 've got a great one , but there are enough places for vegan recipes these days . T.O.F.U . aims to be a platform for something other than vegan food , even if I do enjoy said food a lot .
. I 'm sure you 've got a great one , but there are enough places for vegan recipes these days . T.O.F.U . aims to be a platform for something other than vegan food , even if I do enjoy said food a lot . Space is limited . Since I 'm hoping to bring this issue to print * , it is possible that not all submissions will be accepted , but there 's always next time !
As always , submissions do n't have to deal with the focus specifically , and they are welcome from both new and past contributors . So , if you 're interested , please drop me a line through the Contact page .
* A Note Regarding Printing : Ideally , I want to print this issue , but the costs are incredibly high compared to digital , so , if these costs can not be covered in a reasonable time , the issue will be released solely through a digital platform . Either way , to be prepared for print , all photos submitted with a piece should be at least 300dpi .
* Note : Deadlines extended as of Friday , May 6 , 2016 .
Related Posts
They have been virtually inseparable since their romance blossomed last fall .
And Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton solidified their hot couple status as they made their red carpet debut at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party in Beverly Hills on Sunday .
Gwen , 46 , stunned in a red Yanina Couture gown featuring applique petals and a long sheer skirt .
Scroll down for video
Hot couple ! Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton held hands as they arrived at the vanity Fair Oscar Party on Sunday
She carried a coordinating Jimmy Choo clutch to complete the look .
The platinum blonde stunner wore her locks in classy curls and donned her signature scarlet lipstick .
Country crooner Blake let his leading lady steal the spotlight as he opted for a dark shirt and jacket with casual jeans .
See Gwen Stefani updates as she holds hands with Blake Shelton at Vanity Fair Oscar Party
Standing out : Gwen , 46 , opted for all out glam in a Yanina Couture dress with sheer skirt
Beautiful look : Gwen 's gown featured a red petal applique design and carried a Jimmy Choo clutch
Taking the lead : The 39-year-old star could n't stop smiling as he took Gwen by the hand
The 39-year-old star could n't stop smiling as he led the way in front of photographers .
The duo held hands throughout their entry into the party held at Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts .
Once inside however the No Doubt hitmaker posed solo to show off her sexy look .
The loved-up pair were also spotted grabbing dinner together at Spago 's Restaurant after the Beverly Hills bash .
They kept close as they left Wolfgang Puck 's eatery , walking hand-in-hand in their eye-catching looks from the Vanity Fair party .
Blonde beauty : The TV star wore her platinum blonde locks neatly styled in a bob
Loved up : The mother-of-three giggled as the duo enjoyed their date night
Siren : Inside the venue Gwen smouldered as she posed against a wall
Singers unite : The No Doubt frontwoman posed alongside fellow songstress Demi Lovato who wore black
Double date ! Blake and Gwen posed with Demi and boyfriend Wilmer Valderrama
Earlier this week , Gwen gushed about how her new boyfriend Blake had inspired a burst of creativity for her new album , which comes out on March 18 .
She admitted to Ellen De Generes that half of the songs on her new album were written just last month , after being inspired by her new relationship .
The singer blushed and covered her mouth with her hand when Ellen said : 'So let 's talk about Blake ! '
He 's got her back ! Blake could be seen guiding girlfriend Gwen into the party as the star navigated the stairs in her sky-high heels
Was it something he said ? Gwen pulled a silly look as the duo made their way into the Vanity Fair Oscar Party
Leading the way : The celebrity couple were ready to party as they took directions while entering the famed bash
Watch your step ! The blonde beauty held tightly to her dress so as not to trip as she maneuvered the stairs
Ca n't hide her smile ! Gwen looked blissful as she enjoyed the post-Oscars bash with new beau Blake
'Oh my God , ' Gwen laughed . ' I thought it would be a good idea NOT to talk about Blake . See what would happen ... '
Gwen shares three children with ex-husband Gavin Rossdale who she split with last summer after it emerged he cheated on her with the couple 's nanny .
Date night ! That night the pair were also spotted leaving Spago 's Restaurant in Beverly Hills after a romantic dinner together
Smitten : The loved-up couple kept close together as they left the restaurant , walking hand-in-hand
Rocksmith
Ubisoft
Rated By Our Customers Compatible with PlayStation 3™ ( PS3™ ) Works on all systems sold worldwide , a correct regional account may be required for online features . 1-2w Usually ships within 1 to 2 weeks .
US $ 54.99
Our previous price : US $ 89.90
You save : US $ 34.91 ( 39 % )
Our previous price : You save:34.91 ( 39 % ) Manufacturer Ubisoft Compatible With PlayStation 3™ ( PS3™ ) Version Works on all systems sold worldwide , a correct regional account may be required for online features . Works on all systems sold worldwide , a correct regional account may be required for online features . 1-2w Usually ships within 1 to 2 weeks Price US $ 54.99 add to cart or save for later
Play-Asia.com Return & Refund Policy
Rocksmith
Click on a thumbnail to see more pictures for
features Whether it 's the guitar sitting in your attic , your cherished faithful steed , or the guitar you have yet to buy , Rocksmith lets you plug any guitar into your PlayStation®3 system . As long as your guitar has a jack , you can play . No jack on your guitar ? Head down to your local music store , get an inexpensive pickup , and problem solved
You love a challenge , but hate being overwhelmed . Rocksmith understands this , and knows exactly how far to push to keep you entertained and addicted . With dozens of difficulty levels , you will automatically progress from single notes to complex chords without getting in over your head
One of the most satisfying moments for any guitar player is hearing yourself play your favorite song for the first time . Rocksmith has amassed an amazing library of songs from different music genres allowing players to experience that moment first hand
You want to play new songs , but you do n't want to labor through tablature or cringe through poorly produced videos . No problem . Rocksmith will not only present you with new songs , but will also challenge you to step away from the notes on screen and play songs by memory . Imagine that . A video game that 'll get you stage-ready
track listing THE ANIMALS - House Of The Rising SunBEST COAST - When I 'm With YouTHE BLACK KEYS - I Got MineTHE BLACK KEYS - Next GirlBLUR - Song 2THE BOXER REBELLION - Step Out Of The CarDAVID BOWIE - Rebel RebelCREAM - Sunshine Of Your LoveTHE CRIBS - We Share The Same SkiesTHE CURE - Boys Do n't CryINTERPOL - Slow HandsJENNY O - Well OK HoneyLYNYRD SKYNYRD- Sweet Home AlabamaNIRVANA - In BloomNIRVANA - BreedPIXIES - Where Is My Mind ? RADIOHEAD - High And DryRED FANG - Number ThirteenTHE ROLLING STONES - ( I Ca n't Get No ) SatisfactionTHE ROLLING STONES - The Spider And The FlySILVERSUN PICKUPS - Panic SwitchSOUNDGARDEN - OutshinedSPOON - Me And The BeanSTONE TEMPLE PILOTS - VasolineTADDY PORTER - Mean BitchTITUS ANDRONICUS - A More Perfect UnionWHITE DENIM - BurnishedTHE WHITE STRIPES - Icky ThumpYELLOW MOON BAND - Chimney
description Introducing the next stage in the evolution of the music game . Rocksmith , the first and only game where you can plug into any real guitar.Nothing plastic . Nothing fake . Just the most authentic guitar experience in music gaming . By plugging into your console , you 'll develop real skills and real styles while playing absolutely real music . Featuring gameplay that automatically adjusts to your personal ability and innovative game design that makes playing music visually intuitive , Rocksmith will engage experienced musicians as well as those who have never picked up a guitar in their life.You 'll unlock mini games to hone specific skills . You 'll be able to choose from a large catalog of songs in different styles . And you 'll experience it all with an honest-to-goodness guitar . Nothing compares to playing a real guitar . Except playing Rocksmith .
further info Official Release Date Oct 18 , 2011 Genre Music & Party Version US ESRB Teen
Titles rated T ( Teen ) have content that may be suitable for ages 13 and older . Titles in this category may contain violence , suggestive themes , crude humor , minimal blood , simulated gambling , and/or infrequent use of strong language . PAX-Code PAX0003372732 Catalog No . BLUS-30864 Item Code 0008888346883
Recommended for you
DIRECTV is prepping the launch of the drama series Kingdom in Latin America .
Kingdom stars Frank Grillo ( Captain America and The Purge ) as Alvey Kulina , a mixed martial art ( MMA ) legend and owner of a gym located in Venice Beach , California . Throughout the series , he faces his most powerful opponents : guilt , fear , distress , abandonment , addiction and redemption.In previous chapters , Ryan conquered his demons of the past for long enough to defend his lightweight title , but the biggest fight is always out of the cage . The show is in its second season , and DIRECTV will air it on its own LATAM network , OnDIRECTV `` What captivated audiences in previous chapters remains more relevant than ever , '' said Willard Tressel , GM , OnDIRECTV and OnDIRECTV HD.Kingdom , which is seen in the US on the Audience Network , is produced by Endemol Shine studies and is distributed internationally by Endemol Worldwide Distribution . It already has confirmed a third season .
Baltimore authorities have launched an investigation after a police body camera video surfaced today purportedly depicting an officer of the Baltimore Police Department planting drugs at the scene of a crime .
The video , which was released by the Maryland Office of the Public Defender , bears a time stamp of January 24 , 2017 , begins without sound and is shot from chest level by a body camera allegedly worn by Officer Richard Pinheiro . It shows the camera 's wearer placing what appears to be a soup can beneath a discarded wooden pallet in a trash-strewn lot . The individual is then shown leaving the lot , activating his body cam , and returning to it to “ discover ” the can and remove a clear bag of white capsules .
The body cam used to make the video has a feature that retains an image , but no sound from the 30 seconds prior to activation . As the first 30 seconds of this video are silent , authorities presume that the potentially damning footage was captured during this pre-activation period .
The video first came to light while the public defender 's office was working on a case scheduled for trial last week . The defendant , who was unable to pay the $ 50,000 bond he was assessed and had been in jail since his arrest shortly after the video was taken , was released and his charges were dropped the day after his public defender alerted prosecutors to the video .
Baltimore Police Department Commissioner Kevin Davis listens during a press conference in 2016 [ Image by Win McNamee/Getty Images ] Featured image credit : credit
Though the state dropped charges in that case , the public defender 's office says the officer involved in making the video was called within days to testify as a witness in another case . This elicited outrage from Debbie Katz Levi , head of the Baltimore Public Defender 's Special Litigation Section , who is spearheading a project to catalog police misconduct cases that her office encounters .
“ Officer misconduct has been a pervasive issue at the Baltimore Police Department , which is exacerbated by the lack of accountability , ” Levi said in a statement issued by the public defender 's office . “ We have long supported the use of police body cameras to help identify police misconduct , but such footage is meaningless if prosecutors continue to rely on these officers , especially if they do so without disclosing their bad acts . ”
For its part , the Baltimore Police Department issued a one-paragraph statement to the media .
“ We take allegations like this very seriously and that 's why we launched an internal investigation into the accusations . We are fortunate to have Body Worn Cameras which provide a perspective of the events as reported . ”
The department did not reveal whether Officer Pinheiro will be suspended during the investigation . The Office of the Public Defender says Pinheiro is a witness in over 50 other pending criminal cases .
A BPD sergeant salutes the flag at an Orioles game in May [ Image by Mitchell Layton/Getty Images ] Featured image credit : credit
According to a recent investigation by The Baltimore Sun , the Baltimore Police Department carried out over 250 inspections of video captured by the department 's officers to determine overall compliance with the policies and procedures in place for their use . Inspectors discovered a 96 percent compliance rate in the 3,441 incidents reviewed where recording was mandatory .
The Baltimore Police Department has been a lightning rod for controversy of late , most notably in the arrest and subsequent death of Freddie Gray , Jr. in 2015 . Six BPD officers were initially suspended with pay after Gray sustained mortal injuries to his spinal cord while being transported in a police van . Although his death sparked several days of protests and riots in Baltimore , none of the six officers were ultimately held criminally responsible for the incident .
[ Featured Image by Win McNamee/Getty Images ]
By By Anne Sewell Apr 24 , 2013 in World Iceland 's Supreme Court has ruled that Valitor , the Visa contractor , must lift the blockade against payments to WikiLeaks , or pay $ 204k per month in fines . The court upheld the decision that Valitor had unlawfully terminated its contract with the WikiLeaks ' donation processor , DataCell . The Icelandic Supreme Court is the highest court in Iceland and thus there is no route of appeal for Valitor . `` Today 's decision marked the most important victory to date against the unlawful and arbitrary economic blockade erected by US companies against WikiLeaks . '' Julian Assange , the founder of WikiLeaks , said in a statement from the Ecuadorian Embassy in London : `` This is a victory for free speech . This is a victory against the rise of economic censorship to crack down against journalists and publishers . `` We thank the Icelandic people for showing that they will not be bullied by powerful Washington-backed financial services companies like Visa , and we send out a warning to the other companies involved in this blockade : you 're next . '' `` We hope that the European Commission also acknowledges that the economic blockade against WikiLeaks is an unlawful and arbitrary censorship mechanism that threatens freedom of the press across Europe . '' `` If it fails to do so , the Commission must be regarded as failing to live up to the founding European principles of economic and political freedom . '' `` Despite the effects of the blockade having crippled WikiLeaks resources , the organization is fighting the blockade on many fronts . '' `` It is a battle that concerns free speech and the future of the free press , it concerns fundamental civil rights and it is a struggle for the rights of individuals to vote with their wallet and donate to the cause they believe in . '' According to WikiLeaks , the In November 2012 , the EU Parliament passed a resolution including a a clause drafted specifically in relation to the economic blockade against WikiLeaks . This resolution called on the European Commission to draft regulations to prevent online payment facilitators from arbitrarily denying services to companies or organizations , such as WikiLeaks . A formal complaint has been launched by WikiLeaks to the European Commission on the basis that Visa and MasterCard have unlawfully abused their dominant market position . With the two credit card companies currently holding 95 % of the European market , it remains unclear whether the EU Commission will open a formal investigation into the matter . Valitor ( formerly Visa Iceland ) will have to pay WikiLeaks $ 204,900 per month , or $ 2,494,604 per year , in fines should the company continue to blockade payments to the whistleblowing site.The court upheld the decision that Valitor had unlawfully terminated its contract with the WikiLeaks ' donation processor , DataCell . The Icelandic Supreme Court is the highest court in Iceland and thus there is no route of appeal for Valitor . WikiLeaks press statement reads : Julian Assange , the founder of WikiLeaks , said in a statement from the Ecuadorian Embassy in London : The WikiLeaks statement further read : According to WikiLeaks , the financial blockade was imposed after the website published leaks exposing corruption in Iceland during December 2010 . These leaks revealed why the country 's banking system collapsed in 2008.In November 2012 , the EU Parliament passed a resolution including a a clause drafted specifically in relation to the economic blockade against WikiLeaks . This resolution called on the European Commission to draft regulations to prevent online payment facilitators from arbitrarily denying services to companies or organizations , such as WikiLeaks.A formal complaint has been launched by WikiLeaks to the European Commission on the basis that Visa and MasterCard have unlawfully abused their dominant market position . With the two credit card companies currently holding 95 % of the European market , it remains unclear whether the EU Commission will open a formal investigation into the matter . Assange remains holed up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London after successfully gaining political asylum in Ecuador . However , he is wanted for questioning on sexual charges in Sweden and the UK will not grant him safe passage to leave the embassy , as they feel obliged to extradite him to Sweden . The fear remains that should he travel to Stockholm , he would then be sent on to the US on espionage charges for sensitive and embarrassing diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks . More about Wikileaks , Julian Assange , Iceland , Visa , valitor More news from Wikileaks Julian Assange Iceland Visa valitor Blockade
MELBOURNE ( Reuters ) - Vatican treasurer Cardinal George Pell made a brief court appearance in his native Australia on Wednesday to face what police described as “ historical sexual offences ” , making him the most senior Roman Catholic official to face such accusations .
Vatican Treasurer Cardinal George Pell is surrounded by Australian police and members of the media as he leaves the Melbourne Magistrates Court in Australia , July 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mark Dadswell
Pell , 76 , a top adviser to Pope Francis , did not speak as he was escorted to and from Melbourne Magistrates ' Court by police through a large crowd of media , protesters and supporters . He was not required to enter a plea .
Australian police said last month Pell had been summoned to appear on charges of “ historical sexual offences ” from multiple complainants .
“ For the avoidance of doubt ... Cardinal Pell will plead not guilty to all charges , and will maintain the presumed innocence that he has , ” Pell 's lawyer , Robert Richter , told the court .
Magistrate Duncan Reynolds said he was denying media requests to see the charge sheets against Pell , who also did not speak during the five-minute hearing .
Reynolds set a committal hearing date of Oct. 6 and told Pell 's lawyers they would receive a summary of the charges by Sept. 8 .
A magistrate decides at a committal hearing whether prosecutors have enough evidence for a case to be committed to trial . Pell is not required to enter a formal plea until a magistrate determines whether there is cause for a full trial .
Pell has previously said he was looking forward to his day in court to fight charges he said are false .
Protesters and supporters carrying religious icons shouted as Pell entered and then left the courthouse in central Melbourne , Australia 's second-largest city .
Pell is on a leave of absence from his Vatican role as Francis ' economy minister , which he started in 2014 . The pontiff has said he will not comment on the case until it is over .
Several of the lobbyists said Mr. Tauzin was undermined by a rival lobbying powerhouse —Thomas J. Donohue , president of the United States Chamber of Commerce , who had fought the health care proposals from the start and complained to the drugmakers that Mr. Tauzin had gone along too easily . A spokesman for Mr. Donohue declined to comment on Mr. Donohue 's behalf and later released a statement from Mr. Donohue praising Mr. Tauzin as “ a great friend . ”
Photo
The agreement that Mr. Tauzin struck on health care — capping the drug industry 's costs at $ 80 billion over 10 years and turning a perennial foe into a Democratic ally — was in some ways a fitting climax to a career of such capers .
“ I do n't know anybody else who could have made a deal like that and could have made it stick , ” said Wallace Henderson , Mr. Tauzin 's former chief of staff and one of the lobbyists in his hunting club . “ He was one of the best political and legislative strategists I have ever seen , and I guess this sums it up : He is the only member of Congress who has ever served in the leadership of both parties . ”
Mr. Tauzin 's supporters in the drug industry trade group , the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , known as PhRMA , say that he was essentially undefeated in his five years representing the industry on Capitol Hill — beating back a phalanx of proposals to cut drug costs , including allowing foreign imports or government price negotiations .
But in private drug company executives have long rolled their eyes at the “ Cajun in the Capitol ” routine that Mr. Tauzin , an aspiring actor in his youth , had honed during his years in politics .
Wilbert Joseph Tauzin II , the son of a poor electrician from of Chackbay , a small town in southern Louisiana , often joked that his alma mater , Nicholls State University , was “ the Harvard of the Bayou. ” He liked to open even the most solemn meetings with a joke about the antics of Boudreau and Thibodeau , a dimwitted pair of bayou folk characters . And for 30 years he has been a ringleader of the annual Mardi Gras celebration in Washington , when thousands of revelers take over a giant Hilton hotel for a three-day party hosted by the Louisiana Congressional delegation and paid for by corporate sponsors and lobbyists .
Mr. Tauzin was elected to the House in 1980 as a Democrat . But after the 1994 Republican takeover of Congress cost him a committee chairmanship , he complained that President Bill Clinton had failed to live up to a private deal to kill a certain energy tax from a bill Mr. Tauzin had voted for in a House-Senate conference .
Photo
Citing that betrayal and Mr. Clinton 's health care proposals , Mr. Tauzin switched parties . And in the process he bargained with Republican leaders to retain his seniority so that he soon became chairman of the new House Energy and Commerce Committee . That gave have him vast power over telecommunications , media , drugs and other industries .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He set up his first hunting club — which included lobbyists as dues-paying members — in the early 1990s on a property about a hundred miles from the Capitol on the Eastern Shore of Maryland where he liked to shoot ducks . When the Congressional publication Roll Call first reported Mr. Tauzin 's million-dollar purchase of the Texas ranch in 2003 , his spokesman said that the House Ethics Committee had approved of the clubs and that Mr. Tauzin himself paid the same dues as other members .
News of the purchase also fueled rumors around Washington that Mr. Tauzin , still presiding over major pieces of legislation , was seeking more lucrative work . In 2004 , the Motion Picture Association of America reportedly offered him a salary of about $ 1.5 million to become its top lobbyist . Then PhRMA lured him away from Congress with its $ 2 million-a-year offer .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
When he accepted the PhRMA job that year , just months after passage of the Medicare drug benefit , Democrats accused him of trading favorable legislation for his lucrative job . The House speaker , Nancy Pelosi , Democrat of California , said at the time , “ If you want to know the price of selling seniors down the river , it 's approximately about $ 2 million a year , if you want to hire the manager of the bill on the floor of the House of Representatives . ”
Mr. Tauzin 's spokesman called the criticism sour grapes from opponents of the bill .
Drug industry officials said Friday that PhRMA 's board had grown increasingly wary of Mr. Tauzin in recent months .
His party switch had alienated House Democrats , his jump to a lobbying job had embarrassed House Republicans , and his public threats to make the White House abide by his understanding of the industry deal on health care had irked the Obama administration .
One industry official pointed to a statement Mr. Tauzin made in early August . “ Who is ever going to go into a deal with the White House again if they do n't keep their word ? ” Mr. Tauzin said then . “ You are just going to duke it out instead . ”
LinkedIn Influencer , Jeff Haden , published this post originally on LinkedIn .
While I like to think I know a little about business writing , I still fall into a few word traps . ( Not to mention a few cliché traps . )
Take the words `` who '' and `` whom . '' I rarely use `` whom '' when I should -- even when spell check suggests `` whom '' I think it sounds pretentious . So I use `` who . ''
And then I sound dumb .
Just like one misspelled word can get your resume tossed onto the `` nope '' pile , one incorrectly used word can negatively impact your entire message . Fairly or unfairly , it happens -- so let 's make sure it does n't happen to you .
Adverse and averse
Adverse means harmful or unfavorable : `` Adverse market conditions caused the IPO to be poorly subscribed . '' Averse refers to feelings of dislike or opposition : `` I was averse to paying $ 18 a share for a company that generates no revenue . ''
But hey , feel free to have an aversion to adverse conditions .
Affect and effect
Verbs first . Affect means to influence : `` Impatient investors affected our roll-out date . '' Effect means to accomplish something : `` The board effected a sweeping policy change . ''
How you use effect or affect can be tricky . For example , a board can affect changes by influencing them and can effect changes by directly implementing them . Bottom line , use effect if you 're making it happen , and affect if you 're having an impact on something that someone else is trying to make happen .
As for nouns , effect is almost always correct : `` Once he was fired he was given 20 minutes to gather his personal effects . '' Affect refers to an emotional state , so unless you 're a psychologist you probably have little reason to use it .
Bring and take
Both have to do with objects you move or carry . The difference is in the point of reference : you bring things here and you take them there . You ask people to bring something to you , and you ask people to take something to someone or somewhere else .
“ Can you bring an appetizer to John 's party ” ? Nope .
Compliment and complement
Compliment means to say something nice . Complement means to add to , enhance , improve , complete , or bring close to perfection .
I can compliment your staff and their service , but if you have no current openings you have a full complement of staff . Or your new app may complement your website .
For which I may decide to compliment you .
Criteria and criterion
`` We made the decision based on one overriding criteria , '' sounds fairly impressive but is also wrong .
Remember : one criterion , two or more criteria . Or just use `` reason '' or `` factors '' and you wo n't have to worry about getting it wrong .
Discreet and discrete
Discreet means careful , cautious , showing good judgment : `` We made discreet inquiries to determine whether the founder was interested in selling her company . ''
Discrete means individual , separate , or distinct : `` We analyzed data from a number of discrete market segments to determine overall pricing levels . '' And if you get confused , remember you do n't use “ discretion ” to work through sensitive issues ; you exercise discretion .
Elicit and illicit
Elicit means to draw out or coax . Think of elicit as the mildest form of extract . If one lucky survey respondent will win a trip to the Bahamas , the prize is designed to elicit responses .
Illicit means illegal or unlawful , and while I suppose you could elicit a response at gunpoint ... you probably should n't .
Farther and further
Farther involves a physical distance : `` Florida is farther from New York than Tennessee . '' Further involves a figurative distance : `` We can take our business plan no further . ''
So , as we say in the South ( and that `` we '' has included me ) , `` I do n't trust you any farther than I can throw you , '' or , `` I ai n't gon na trust you no further . ''
Fewer and less
Use fewer when referring to items you can count , like “ fewer hours ” or “ fewer dollars . ”
Use “ less ” when referring to items you ca n't ( or have n't tried to ) count , like “ less time ” or “ less money . ”
Imply and infer
The speaker or writer implies , which means to suggest . The listener or reader infers , which means to deduce , whether correctly or not .
So I might imply you 're going to receive a raise . And you might infer that a pay increase is imminent . ( But not eminent , unless the raise will somehow be prominent and distinguished . )
Insure and ensure
This one 's easy . Insure refers to insurance . Ensure means to make sure .
So if you promise an order will ship on time , ensure that it actually happens . Unless , of course , you plan to arrange for compensation if the package is damaged or lost -- then feel free to insure away .
( While there are exceptions where insure is used , the safe move is to use ensure when you will do everything possible to make sure something happens . )
Irregardless and regardless
Irregardless appears in some dictionaries because it 's widely used to mean “ without regard to ” or “ without respect to ” ... which is also what regardless means .
In theory the ir- , which typically means `` not , '' joined up with regardless , which means `` without regard to , '' makes irregardless mean `` not without regard to , '' or more simply , `` with regard to . ''
Which probably makes it a word that does not mean what you think it means .
So save yourself a syllable and just say regardless .
Number and amount
I goof these up all the time . Use number when you can count what you refer to : `` The number of subscribers who opted out increased last month . '' Amount refers to a quantity of something that ca n't be counted : `` The amount of alcohol consumed at our last company picnic was staggering . ''
Of course it can still be confusing : `` I ca n't believe the number of beers I drank , '' is correct , but so is , `` I ca n't believe the amount of beer I drank . '' The difference is you can count beers , but beer , especially if you were way too drunk to keep track , is an uncountable total and makes amount the correct usage .
Precede and proceed
Precede means to come before . Proceed means to begin or continue . Where it gets confusing is when an -ing comes into play . `` The proceeding announcement was brought to you by ... '' sounds fine , but preceding is correct since the announcement came before .
If it helps , think precedence : anything that takes precedence is more important and therefore comes first .
Principal and principle
A principle is a fundamental : `` Our culture is based on a set of shared principles . '' Principal means primary or of first importance : `` Our startup 's principal is located in NYC . '' ( Sometimes you 'll also see the plural , principals , used to refer to executives or relatively co-equals at the top of a particular food chain . )
Principal can also refer to the most important item in a particular set : `` Our principal account makes up 60 % of our gross revenues . ''
Principal can also refer to money , normally a sum that was borrowed , but can be extended to refer to the amount you owe -- hence principal and interest .
If you 're referring to laws , rules , guidelines , ethics , etc. , use principle . If you 're referring to the CEO or the president ( or an individual in charge of a high school ) , use principal .
Slander and libel
Do n't like what people say about you ? Like slander , libel refers to making a false statement that is harmful to a person 's reputation .
The difference lies in how that statement is expressed . Slanderous remarks are spoken while libelous remarks are written and published ( which means defamatory tweets could be considered libelous , not slanderous ) .
Keep in mind what makes a statement libelous or slanderous is its inaccuracy , not its harshness . No matter how nasty a tweet , as long as it 's factually correct it can not be libelous . Truth is an absolute defense to defamation ; you might wish a customer had n't said something derogatory about your business ... but if what that customer said is true then you have no legal recourse .
And now for those dreaded apostrophes :
It 's and its
It 's is the contraction of it is . That means it does n't own anything . If your dog is neutered ( the way we make a dog , however much against his or her will , gender neutral ) , you do n't say , `` It 's collar is blue . '' You say , `` Its collar is blue . ''
Here 's an easy test to apply . Whenever you use an apostrophe , un-contract the word to see how it sounds . Turn it 's into it is : `` It 's sunny , '' becomes , `` It is sunny . ''
Sounds good to me .
They 're and their
Same with these : They 're is the contraction for they are . Again , the apostrophe does n't own anything . We 're going to their house , and I sure hope they 're home .
Who 's and whose
`` Whose password has n't been changed in six months ? '' is correct . Use the non-contracted version of who 's , like , `` Who is ( the non-contracted version of who 's ) password has n't been changed in six months ? '' and you sound a little silly .
You 're and your
One more . You 're is the contraction of you are . Your means you own it ; the apostrophe in you does n't own anything .
For a long time a local nonprofit displayed a huge sign that said , `` You 're Community Place . ''
Hmm . `` You Are Community Place '' ? No , probably not .
Related : What Kinds of People Do You Hate to Work With ? ( LinkedIn )
Related : 10 Qualities of Really Amazing Employees ( LinkedIn )
Advertisement
Normally only the singer 's inner circle of models and fellow musicians get a chance to see the way she lives .
But new pictures found by E ! Online have revealed the private - and very expensive - haven of Taylor Swift .
The 25-year-old purchased the Tribeca , New York , loft in March last year off Lord of the Rings director , Peter Jackson .
The $ 19.95million sale was made so privately and quickly that almost no one got too see what the impressive pad had to offer .
Now in new pictures taken as part of the initial sale , just what almost $ 20million buys you in New York is now available for all to see .
Scroll down for video
This large living room and fireplace area equipped with several couches and a seating space is ideal for all Swift 's star-studded parties
Welcome feel : Taylor 's penthouse maintains a cosy feel thanks to stunning wood floors and exposed natural wood beamed ceilings
The singer-songwriter keeps a piano at her apartment , which is six storeys up and guarded by a former NYPD officer
The 25-year-old purchased the Tribeca penthouse in March last year off Lord Of The Rings director , Peter Jackson
While Manhattan may be known for its micro apartments , this one is made up of two large penthouse apartments combined .
As the photos show this means the star has plenty of space to entertain with expansive living and dining area plus seven bedrooms and 5.5 bathrooms .
However , Taylor 's spot , which is six storeys up , somehow maintains a cozy feel thanks to stunning wood floors and exposed natural wood beamed ceilings .
Best of all for the Blank Space singer - who likes cupcakes more than clubs - the home has a huge kitchen with a double chef 's quality stove , plentiful counter tops and a big island where she and her friends can sit around and chat as they cook up a storm .
Twice as nice : While Manhattan may be known for its micro apartments , Taylor 's home is made up of two penthouse apartments combined
Cooking up a storm : Best of all , for the Blank Space singer - who likes cupcakes more than clubs - the home has a huge kitchen
Through the keyhole : The new pictures reveal inside Taylor Swift 's stunning New York loft , including the huge sitting area
Instagram snap : Taylor shared this photo in January of her enjoying a night at the apartment with her friends Ashley Avignone , Karlie Kloss , Martha Hunt and Gigi Hadid
Taylor is known for throwing girly get-togethers with her friends , especially her favorite model pals Karlie Kloss , Martha Hunt and Gigi Hadid .
Up until now , snapshots with her pals the singer put up on Instagram have been the only sneak peeks of the property .
From those it is clear Taylor has put a lot of effort in making the blank space her own with rustic yet homely furniture and fixtures to match the wood and exposed brick unit .
There is so much room that Taylor has even put in a full snooker table which she and her friends regularly have a few games of pool on .
Soon the space may not be as girly however , with Taylor 's relationship getting very serious with boyfriend Calvin Harris - fortunately there is plenty of room for the DJ to move in if their romance heats up even more .
Last year Swift granted an interview to Rolling Stone magazine at the penthouse , which is guarded by a former NYPD officer . She said her security team stays in a $ 5million apartment across the hall from her own .
Game on : Taylor has installed a pool table , and she loves to shoot a few balls with her female friends
Lily Aldridge gave Swift some tips on how to play when she visited the singer 's home in April last year ( pictured )
Taylor with Karlie Kloss and Martha Hunt in an Instagram post showing the friends cooking their own dinner and eating it
As she gave a tour of her apartment she pointed out a fishtank filled with vintage baseballs , some enormous scented candles , a grand piano and a pool table 'that always has cat hair on it ' from her pet moggies Olivia and Meredith .
In Swift 's own bedroom there was a massive four-poster bed , while one of the guest bedrooms was specifically for Karlie Kloss when the Victoria 's Secret model stayed over .
Taylor keeps a basket of Kloss 's favorite Whole Foods treats next to the bed , and multiple photos of her on the walls .
Against another wall , there was a rack full of white nightgowns . 'This is a thing me and Lena ( Dunham ) have , ' she told Rolling Stone . 'We wear them during the day and look like pioneer women , fresh off the Oregon Trail . '
In this Instagram photo of one of Taylor 's cats , the star wrote 'Meredith is so utterly BORED by my Christmas cheer ' !
In this photo , Taylor Swift 's friends , including Selena Gomez , celebrate her 25th birthday last December with a cake at her New York pad
Getting into the Christmas spirit : Taylor shows off her festive tree in the New York loft apartment , in the run-up to last year 's festivities
Feline friend : Meredith features in another Instagram photo by Swift , this time getting cozy with a quilt on a settee
Swift is thought to own five properties , including a house in Nashville , Tennessee , that she bought for her parents . The family moved to the city when Taylor was 14 so she could pursue her career in country singing .
It is believed she has her own apartment there too - another penthouse in a downtown condo .
Far more grand is her beachfront home in Westerly , Rhode Island , which she bought for an estimated $ 17million in 2013 . Last month Swift celebrated Independence Day there with a pack of famous friends , including her boyfriend Calvin Harris , pop star Ed Sheeran , models Gigi Hadid and Martha Hunt , Joe and Nick Jonas and the band Haim .
In 2011 she bought a four-bedroom house in Beverly Hills , California , for a cool $ 3.97million .
Luxurious : Taylor Swift 's beachfront home in Westerly , Rhode Island , which she bought for an estimated $ 17million two years ago
California base : The four-bedroom house in Beverly Hills that Swift snapped up for a cool $ 4million in 2011
Share
This is the Soft Exosuit , a lightweight skeleton frame that can help its wearer cover more ground with less exertion . The “ wearable robot ” has been developed by Harvard 's Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering , and has just received $ 2.9 million in development cash from DARPA ( the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency responsible for pioneering innovation in defense technology ) .
This version of the suit is designed to help soldiers carry heavier loads across further distances ; eventually , it could assist anyone who has trouble walking normally . What makes the suit different to others in development is that it 's so light and easy to put on — it includes flexible power units and a range of integrated sensors . Unlike large , heavy alternatives , the Soft Exosuit is designed to make small but significant differences to a human 's capabilities .
Related : Who needs sights anymore ? DARPA has just developed self-guiding bullets
“ Exoskeletons often fail to allow the wearer to perform his or her natural joint movements , are generally heavy , and can hence cause fatigue , ” explain the engineers behind the suit . “ [ The Soft Exosuit ] can be significantly lighter than an exoskeleton since it does not contain a rigid structure . It also provides minimal restrictions to the wearer 's motions , avoiding problems relating to joint misalignment . ”
The majority of the suit 's workload is done at the waist level , reducing the bulk of the components fitted around the leg , while a network of cables is used to transmit support to the joints . A micro-computer affixed to the top of the exosuit automatically adjusts its settings to match the speed and movements of the wearer — it 's designed to be as natural to use as possible .
The investment in funding means the Harvard team can develop their ideas further , whether these wearable exosuits are going to be helping soldiers or the infirm . At the moment the makers of the Soft Exosuit only have a preliminary prototype to show for their efforts , but it 's hoped that partners from the medical industry can soon be brought on board .
Amid claims from both presidential campaigns of election interference , an international agency is planning to dramatically expand the number of observers deployed to U.S. polling locations – though they 've had to scale back their original game plan since some states wo n't allow the foreign poll watchers .
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , or OSCE , originally announced it would send 100 long-term election observers “ to follow the electoral process countrywide ” and 400 short-term observers “ to follow election day proceedings. ” The 500 observers would mark a tenfold increase from 2012 , when the group had just 44 observers in the United States . The OSCE is better known for sending observers into countries where democracy seems shaky , such as Ukraine .
The move comes as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has warned about a “ rigged ” election , and called for his supporters to act as citizen election observers as well . Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , and Obama administration officials , have said the Russian government is attempting to influence the U.S. election .
The OSCE says it has made its deployment decision independent of this year 's campaign rhetoric . Further , the OSCE has had to reduce its planned observer force in recent weeks – given that a dozen states prohibit international observers , while seven states and the District of Columbia explicitly allow them . Most other states allow counties to make interpretations .
“ The decision to send observers or not depends on the participating states , ” said Thomas Rymer , spokesman for the OSCE 's Office of Democratic Institutions and Human Rights .
Whether the observer presence will lead to tensions at poll sites remains to be seen . But Kay Stimson , spokeswoman for the National Association of Secretaries of State , the group representing chief state election officials , said they 've been coached on following the law .
“ The flashpoint in past cycles has been attempts by international observers to enter polling places or maintain a presence near voting sites in states where such missions are not authorized or permitted by state law , ” she said . “ We 've provided the OSCE mission leaders with information on the states in this camp , so now it 's up to them to abide by the law while they 're in the U.S . ”
While the exact reduction in short-term observers is not yet determined , the international body reduced the number of long-term observers from 100 to 26 , Stimson said .
“ I do n't know what the actual difference will be -- they have n't shared final numbers with us . We hope to know more soon , ” Stimson told FoxNews.com . “ I have n't heard of any secretaries of state that are put off by the size of the mission . ”
Even if the OSCE slashed the number of short-term observers by three-quarters , as it has the long-term observers , that would still total 126 , nearly triple the number of observers in 2012 .
International observers have no legal authority under any international law , and can only observe and report their findings .
The dramatic increase from 2012 to 2016 did n't happen because of anything Trump has said or because of a request from activists , said Rymer , the OSCE spokesman .
“ The increase in the number of observers is the result of the recommendation to include short-term observers , to observe proceedings in polling stations on elections more closely , ” Rymer told FoxNews.com .
As for concerns about Russian interference , Rymer said : “ The Russian authorities have publicly announced that they will not be sending observers as part of the ODIHR mission . There will be one Russian citizen observing , who is a staff member at our offices in Warsaw . ”
According to The Associated Press , Texas , Oklahoma and Louisiana have separately denied a request for Russian officials to be at polling stations . These states specifically prohibit any election observers -- as do Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , Connecticut , Florida , Mississippi , Ohio and Tennessee .
According to the National Conference of State Legislatures , the states that allow international election observers are : California , Hawaii , Missouri , North Dakota , New Mexico , South Dakota , Virginia and the District of Columbia .
The Leadership Conference of Civil and Human Rights actually asked for more observers than planned in an August letter .
“ The need for additional election observers is paramount , ” the letter said . “ The unprecedented weakening of the Voting Rights Act has led to a tidal wave of voter discrimination efforts nationwide and has required the United States to drastically scale back its own election monitoring program . ”
The letter singled out several states for allegedly having “ enhanced voter intimidation efforts. ” It also took a swipe at Trump , saying he 's “ urged supporters to challenge voters at polling sites nationwide . ”
Three of the states singled out by the civil rights group -- Alabama , Arizona and Texas -- prohibit international election observers .
“ Our law ... prevents anybody from observing elections who are not a resident of Alabama , ” Alabama Secretary of State John Merrill told FoxNews.com .
Merrill has no philosophical gripe with international observers , as he traveled to Russia to work as one earlier this year and does n't anticipate mischief from observers coming to other U.S. states .
“ We were properly instructed in Moscow , ” Merrill said . “ If you do n't act right , you 're playing with fire . ”
If you want to import Japanese games , the WonderSwan is exactly the sort of thing that may interest you the most . It 's a regional exclusive , but it 's not a huge old computer that you ca n't afford . It has franchises you may know , and many games that simply were never ported anywhere else . Oh , and it 's weird and you can carry it around with you to show people that they should talk to you about weird stuff . Read on for our recommendations !
Before we continue , some things to know about the WonderSwan :
It 's not that import-friendly . Sure , it was never marketed outside Japan , but the earlier hardware models ' ghosting issues meant most games were slower , more text-heavy affairs instead of action-based , easy-to-learn fare . The Neo Geo Pocket Color this is n't . So you 're importing for a smaller segment of the library 's releases , but that segment 's definitely worth playing .
You really want a SwanCrystal . The WonderSwan Color is so cheap and ubiquitous that buying a black-and-white model is a waste of time , and it 's tempting to get in at that lower price point . But if you want to actually play anything very well , you 'll want the best screen possible , and though it still is n't backlit , the quality of the SwanCrystal 's display is enough of an upgrade to make it worth shelling out the substantial sum .
It 's a system largely for fans of Gundam and Digimon . This should n't be a surprise , as those have been the big Bandai game properties for a while , but keep that in mind . There 's a crazy amount of games for those franchises and less for really anything else . ( That said , there are some great ones on this list that are n't related to either . )
If a game got a port , it 's probably better . This list is going to focus on games that are better played on the WonderSwan . For some other influential games that made their way elsewhere , check out this guide .
Now , to the games !
Rhyme Rider Kerorican
Do you like Vib-Ribbon ? The cult-favorite PlayStation game never really spawned the genre it seemed like it would , but it did inspire this stylish little title on a system that was n't exactly known for its audio . The game 's short and the timing requirements are punishing , making it not for the faint of heart , but it just feels so cool when you get everything right and saunter along to Rhyme Rider ‘ s offbeat beats .
GunPey EX
Named after WonderSwan creator Gunpei Yokoi ( the guy behind the Game & Watch , Game Boy and… yeah , Virtual Boy ) , GunPey was intended as the platform 's Tetris , an engrossing puzzle title that would sell systems and keep them in owners ' pockets . You move around various diagonal lines to create connections across the play field and clear them . The EX version of the game adds color and a few other improvements , making it the best version to try , but all variations make great use of the system 's Vertical Mode and are worth your time .
Kaze no Klonoa : Moonlight Museum
Do you like the GBA Klonoa games ? Well this is one of those , but with an experimental edge that will delight most importers . Sometimes it switches to Vertical Mode for levels , and it tries more things in the platforming itself than the later releases , which had mostly settled on a few things that worked best and iterated on them until they could n't anymore . So yeah , those GBA games may be better , but they 're not more interesting .
Wuz↑b ? Produce : Street Dancer
Rhyme Rider Kerorican was far from the only rhythm game release on this system , which , again , weird : sound was not a thing it did particularly well . Still , Street Dancer was a more traditional take , with button prompts to songs , but the style of this release is what makes it special : Japan 's idea of 2000-era hip-hop is very entertaining . The gameplay 's cool enough , too : the game has you rotating the system and using the buttons available to you on different sides for rhythm challenges that feel varied .
Digimon : Anode/Cathode Tamer : Veedramon Version
This one 's not so easy to track down these days , but it 's worth it . Why ? Because it 's a full Digimon strategy-RPG localized into English for the Hong Kong and South Korea markets . There are so many deep , tactical experiences on this handheld , which makes sense with a screen less suited to action , but most of those are buried in text you ca n't read . Anode Tamer and Cathode Tamer , both included here , allow you the opportunity to play the system as most Japanese people actually did .
Mingle Magnet
Developed by HAL Corporation ( not to be confused with HAL Laboratory ) , Mingle Magnet is a simple little puzzle game that combines Same Game with the ability to change which way blocks fall . The game 's a cakewalk on the default difficulty levels , but harder modes unlock as you play to truly test your skills .
Rockman EXE WS
If you 've played Mega Man Network Transmission , you 've experienced the successor to this WonderSwan-exclusive action-platformer in the world of Mega Man Battle Network . Not just using the setting of the games for traditional Mega Man action-platforming , it has you grabbing chips from enemies and hidden areas to put to use yourself . It 's a bit slower-paced than Mega Man proper , but there 's enough thinking involved to make it just as challenging .
Wonder Classic
Another Vertical Mode gem , Wonder Classic has no problems emulating the strengths of the Game Boy Mario Golf titles . It does n't have an overlaid RPG mode or anything , but it 's a solid enough title in the golf alone , and that longer screen helps more with aiming your shots than you 'd initially expect !
Judgement Silversword and Dicing Knight
I put these on the bottom of this list because they 're great games that deserve recognition , but also profoundly rare and expensive to import . The two games were developed by independent teams before that was a thing , and published as part of a contest for the WonderWitch consumer development hardware . They 're great , and the developers went on to great things . But please do n't start here if your bank account is anything resembling normal .
For more helpful advice for budding importers , check out our Guides section .
If you 're a Galaxy Note 4 owner on Verizon , you 're in for a treat . Big Red is now pushing out Android 5.0 Lollipop , carrying build number N910VVRU1BOAF .
As is the case with most other Samsung devices , Android 5.0 Lollipop will bring a slew of awesome aesthetic enhancements and some under-the-hood changes . For starters , the UI will be updated to fit in with Google 's Material Design guidelines including some brighter colors and more fluid animations . Unfortunately the majority of the visual changes you 'll see wo n't be as prominent as on a device running a vanilla build of Android , but they will definitely add a few nice touches to the UI . The Note 4 will also receive the Smart Lock security feature , priority notifications , notification interaction on the lock screen and much more .
Verizon is also bringing Advanced Calling 1.0 to the Note 4 , which is essentially VoLTE , or Voice Over LTE . Advanced Calling 1.0 allows for the ability to make HD voice calls , 2-way video calls and 6-way conference calls . You can now toy with all of these changes by heading to the Advanced Calling menu in your phone 's Settings .
There are a few other nice additions that Lollipop will bring , so if you own a Note 4 , take a look at the PDF that 's linked below . If you 'd like to check for the update manually , head to Settings > About phone > Software updates > Check for updates . Since the update is just beginning to roll out today , it might take a few days for your device to get the OTA .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
RuPaul 's Drag Race has opened the drag world up to a wider and younger audience than ever before . But despite the growing elements of fandom within the subculture , it 's important for fans to still behave like they 're at a drag show when they 're at a drag show—a lesson that one of Drag Race 's most iconic past contestants had to teach someone recently .
Vivacious is a legendary New York club kid who competed on season six of Drag Race . You also might have seen her dancing back-up during Miley Cyrus ' VMA performance in August . On Tuesday night , she performed and DJed a pride party hosted at Klubb 9 in Oslo , Norway . ( You can listen to her full DJ set here . ) While she was doing a number to C+C Music Factory 's `` Set Me Free , '' a young man from the audience hopped onstage in the hopes of snapping a selfie with her , sans permission . ( Honestly : So rude . ) Before the overzealous fan could take the photo , Vi cracked her fan open , blocking the phone 's camera lens and ruining his picture .
Finish him . Flawless victory . Fatality , basically .
I caught a video of the interaction posted on Vivacious ' Instagram , which she captioned : `` How to read and handle a gay millenial jumping into your show # littleQueenWaitTillTheShowIsOverToTakeYourPicture . ''
Advertisement
Moved by the clip—and by Vivacious ' absolute refusal to let anyone rob her of her subjectivity—I reached out to her to learn more about the encounter . I also hoped to find out if there are any other annoying things people do at drag shows that they should stop doing immediately . Here 's what she told me in an email exchange early Wednesday morning .
This interview has been edited and condensed .
When did first notice that this 'millennial ' was emerging from the crowd ?
I have been doing this for years , so I sort of have a way of reading a person 's energy before they even make their move . That part of your sixth sense that says , 'Oooh no , it 's one of those ' people—the kind who thinks somehow the world revolves around them .
Advertisement
How did you decide split-second to respond by blocking the photo with your fan ? Is that why you 've got a fan onstage in the first place ?
I 've been using fans for 23 years , cracking the fan to the beat of the music . It 's my trademark specialty . No one does it better than me . Many queens over the years have tried to copy me , imitate me , but they can not wield a fan the way I can . So , trust me when I say I know how to turn a fan out in a song , or , in this case , use it to snatch a queen up trying to upstage my show .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Blocking the selfie with your fan was genius .
Sometimes you have to use shade to breastfeed so people can learn better . For me , it 's never about being mean—something I picked up from Mother RuPaul . Always handle with sass and class . Seal a queen without her knowing it , but others will know .
Advertisement
Did the audience member say anything to you after the performance ?
No , nothing . He knew he got turned out . As far as his energy , I felt like he came to try and get his three seconds of fame . Instead , he met a fan staring right back at him .
Do people—or 'millennials ' in particular—who come see you perform often try to sneak selfies with you during your shows ?
Yes , they do . They will even walk backwards , trying to line up their cameras to take a pic , and I will use my fan and block it . Why , do you ask ? It 's simple , actually : common courtesy . If the man in the audience had actually asked , I would have stopped my show and taken a pic with him or very nicely told him to meet me after the show . For the record , it was announced that there would be an hourlong meet and greet after my DJ set . Maybe this one child can not read .
One thing you should know about me is that I love my fans . I will always be there for them . Without them , there is no me . They did n't create me—I created myself . But I do appreciate a wonderful fan who 'gets it . '
Advertisement
Do you have any general etiquette rules or tips for newer fans on the drag scene ?
Yes .
Never touch . Ask . Some fans see a fierce costume and , instead of admiring with their eyes , think they need to touch . That touch could be the touch that breaks a certain section of a costume out of place . Look with your eyes , not with your hands . When a queen steps out on the dance floor to do her show , please part like the Red Sea , or her next turn might end up hitting you . Do not ask for a selfie . Front-facing cameras have no flash . I did n't spend four hours painting on an illusion to have some camera without a flash take a picture of me . The queens and myself , we get dressed up to be seen , so use the side of your camera with the flash , huntyy . Do not try and hug a queen above the chest . We do not need the weight of your hands or arms unintentionally dragging down our hair . If you know a queen does not get along with someone , do not bring up that person 's name to try and get a Mile out of the queen . Never give a backhanded compliment . Respect is a two-way street . I know I have it and will gladly give it , but you must also show it in return .
Advertisement
So , what else is new with Vivacious ? Where can fans catch you next ?
Right now , I am working on my album . I have a bunch of tracks that are in the studio being mastered , about to be released—very ballroom , dance-oriented music . The children will be kikiing . You can catch me this Saturday at The Monster in NYC . Brazil and Mexico coming up shortly .
Bad at filling out bios seeks same .
Alex Daniel
Specialist equipment and engineering firm Diploma has announced it has hired a new chief executive , Johnny Thomson , with shares dipping slightly as markets opened .
The FTSE 250 company , which provides specialist products to the life sciences sector , said Thomson would take over the executive responsibilities from interim executive chairman John Nicholas on 25 February .
Read more : FTSE 250 technical products supplier Diploma snaps up FS Cables in £18m deal
Thomson has worked at contract catering firm Compass for the last nine years , giving him “ extensive experience of working in a decentralised business with a core focus on service and distribution ” , according to chairman Nicholas .
“ I am excited to be joining Diploma as Chief Executive . The business has a strong track record of customer service , growth and shareholder returns . I look forward to leading such a strong and experienced team in developing the Group 's significant potential , ” said Thomson .
Diploma also issued its first quarter trading update , in which it reported “ a solid start to the year ” with trading in line with expectations .
Revenues in the quarter ending 31 December were up nine per cent year on year , helped along by the weakened pound , which gave finances a one per cent boost .
In the company 's core life sciences sector , revenues were up four per cent , supported by growth in its Canadian surgical business .
The company said as expected operating margin was “ slightly below the comparable period last year ” .
Cash funds at the end of 2018 were £28m , it added .
Read more : Convatec shares plummet 36 per cent as firm issues profit warning and CEO leaves
In August , Diploma acquired a pair of businesses in the controls sector , which includes cables and electrical connections , in a deal which it said would immediately help earnings .
The company bought FS Cables , which comprises Caplink and FSC Global , for around £18m , pushing up earnings in the sector 24 per cent .
My Second Time Being Hacked Was Scarier than the First .
Adam Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 12 , 2016
I wrote a blog post 2 years ago when I was hacked and I had money stolen from my Wells Fargo account . From there I became super secure , I added 2FA , I added processes for my money , and I just became more conscious of being better about security .
There 's a new mobile hack that the bad guys are using to exploit telephone carriers and it starts with AT & T calling you every day :
Customer Support : “ Did you just speak with me and ask to change your 4 digit passcode ? ”
Me : “ No . ”
Customer Support : “ Well then I wo n't change your passcode . ”
Me : “ Good , because I did not ask to change it . ”
These two posts by Kraken and Coinbase will describe what happens better than I can ever do it :
Update : Bitgo released an update post also
The reason I am writing this is that I want to warn everyone —
Adding your cell phone for security , makes it less secure if someone is able to steal your phone number .
Be careful with your information and phone number . If someone knows your name and phone number , they are able to target you and call the carrier and try to get in as many times as they want .
There are a lot of ways to prevent this type of thing , but hackers will always try to exploit a bug in the system .
This is something that has happened to a lot of people I know , and I believe everyone should be aware .
This does n't really show how creepy it feels to be targeted over the course of a month for something like this . Even though I know that it is probably a larger group of people in Russia attempting to break into my digital accounts , I still picture someone standing outside my house watching me .
One thing you can do to prevent something like this is to have a note put on your account that for any major changes , you need to do those changes in a store to prove your identity .
I have done this , in addition to a few other measures , which I wo n't discuss on a blog post , but would be happy to discuss in person… And yes , I 'm paranoid .
Welcome to The Craft , a serial look inside the world of player development in the NBA .
`` What kind of player do you hope to become ? ''
I pose this question to Jazz rookie Dante Exum—a rangy , 6-6 , 19-year-old point guard—in part out of sheer curiosity . There are players for whom this bit is rehearsed , akin to another of Exum 's age reciting their college major and career prospects in particular fashion . Exum does n't commit to that script . He cracks wise ( `` Well , have you seen Steve Novak ? `` ) , mulls over the question , and tells the truth .
`` You know , I do n't know , '' Exum says .
The beauty of the NBA is that he does n't have to know yet . Basketball prospects might be widely discussed in concrete , matter-of-fact terms , yet those evaluations are mere feints at certainty . There is no convenient comparison for Exum , which leaves open a tantalizing—and perhaps terrifying—array of possibilities . From an organizational standpoint , the Jazz have been patient in their push to find out what Exum might be capable of . The native Australian was selected with the No . 5 pick in the 2014 draft and has been brought along slowly since . Exum came off the bench for 41 of his first 42 NBA games to average a modest 18.9 minutes per game for a team squarely out of playoff contention . He has since crawled his way into the starting lineup to supplant sophomore Trey Burke , a guard of a dramatically different play style .
• THE CRAFT : Wesley Matthews | Andre Drummond | Tyson Chandler
At every other level of basketball , Exum—like Burke—has been an instrument of attack : He drove , he maneuvered , he finished in traffic . In the NBA this is not yet so . Despite spending the bulk of his minutes as Utah 's nominal point guard , Exum defaults to the corners while others create . This is where Exum spends his time on the floor on offense ( as tracked by SportVU ) :
Heatmap courtesy of NBAsavant .
The growing pains were inevitable . Exum came up through basketball as a slashing point guard and approaches the game through that lens . His role with the Jazz should cultivate a different set of complementary skills , though in the meantime it divorces the young guard from the style he 's long known . There is a trial in that adjustment , if also a sense of apprenticeship .
`` It is one of the most difficult things ever , '' Exum says . `` For me—being in a system like in Australia—I 've always been a guy that 's had the ball in his hands most of the time , at the end of the shot clock , end of the game . But it 's been good taking that backseat role and seeing guys who 've been in this league four or five years and how they 're able to position themselves to score . I 'm kind of at the point where I want to be given a bit of that responsibility and try to make the most of it . ''
[ daily_cut.NBA ] One can sense a disconnect in Exum 's play . Clearly he 's more comfortable with the ball in his hands than not . Yet on those possessions where he 's finally in a position to dictate action , he 'll often glide around on the perimeter before resorting to a passive outlet or long jumper . Whereas the most assertive guards in the league tend to attack in straight lines , Exum lilts in softer arcs . This is neither indicative of the player Exum has been nor the player he wishes to be , and that bugs him .
`` I 'll come off an on-ball [ screen ] and the middle of the floor is open , '' Exum says . `` It 's just me and my guy . Instead of using body contact to go through him , it 's more I just kind of kick it on and pass it , which frustrates me in a way . But it 's just about getting rid of that habit that I 've created and trying to be strong all the way through .
`` I think it 's not even a confidence thing . I think I have the confidence to go do it , I just think it 's being more aggressive and having that mentality to go out and when I get the opportunity , take it . ''
Ask around about Exum and the word `` aggressive '' tends to come up in almost every conversation . It 's natural for a player of Exum 's age and experience level to be somewhat tentative , though to this point he ranks No . 33 even among his rookie peers in field goal attempts per minute . As was noted on SLC Dunk , Exum has n't attempted a free throw since Jan. 10 . It 's Exum 's instinct to let the game come to him , though clearly the fast , physical NBA game has n't gone out of its way to meet him in the middle .
Exum 's first developmental priority , then , lies in satisfying his `` aggressive '' deficit . But what does being aggressive on the floor mean to him ?
​ '' There 's obviously different types of aggression , '' Exum says . `` But the way I look at it is , if you watch Gordon [ Hayward ] play , he 's looking at the second line of defense . He beats his man easy and then it 's about creating the contact to finish . Sometimes I get in there and it 's trying to finish over someone with the floater . It 's about going in and making the contact and being aggressive in being hit . ''
Knowing this and internalizing it is very different matters . There are games where Exum is deliberately more assertive , whether by his own determination , Quin Snyder 's instruction , or some other influence . But clearly his comfort level in handling NBA defenses has n't reached the point where applying pressure comes naturally .
That kind of shift takes time , though in Exum 's case it begins with skill work . To this point , Exum has n't been especially effective in converting his attempts at the rim even on those occasions where he works his way in there . Given that , his wobbly confidence in that space undoubtedly plays a role in those split-second determinations of when to pass and when to drive .
`` I really want to start working on my finishing , '' Exum says . `` From what I 'm used to there 's not a lot of athletic , big guys around the rim . So it 's about getting there , knowing what to do and how to finish or making the right play .
`` That 's one of the hardest things because you really ca n't go into a gym and just work on it yourself . With creating contact , it 's about getting with a coach and having a pad . Just using that soft pad to get hits , take hits , and try to finish around the basket doing different finishes . Then , trying to put it in the game and in practice whenever you get the chance . ''
• MORE NBA : Jazz continue rise in SI.com 's latest Power Rankings
Exum addresses his on-court discomforts without the slightest evidence of anxiety . Already , at 19 , he understands his responsibilities by the playbook and how to function in more improvisational situations . He knows what he can accomplish with the ball in his hands and projects an easy confidence in his ability to do the same against NBA competition . He 's also very much aware that what he 's doing now is a work of transition—a gradual , introductory step into a much larger world .
While the Jazz wait for Exum to cross that career threshold , they can lean on more immediate defensive returns . No rookie comes into the NBA a fully formed defender . Exum , though , is already impressive for how he bothers opposing point guards with his length and maneuvers to complicate their drives . Watch as he hangs with Tony Parker on this push toward the basket :
Or as he matches every pace of Jordan Clarkson 's drive :
Or as he slinks around series of screens to save his team a rotation :
All of this from a player still figuring out the nuances of NBA defense and the personnel he covers . That no rookie comes into the NBA a fully formed defender works as something of an omen , in Exum 's case—that he 's already so pesky and effective warns of how suffocating the rookie might soon become . By having the quickness of a point guard and the size of a wing , Exum 's close-outs and double-teams take on an elastic quality valuable to Utah 's resurgent defense . In fact , the Jazz lead the NBA in defensive rating ( 87.1 points per 100 possessions ) since the All-Star break .
Those contributions allow Exum to take his rookie season in stride . He 's deep , at this point , in the protracted process of on-court learning in all facets of the game . At the same time , Exum is coming to terms with life as a professional , as an NBA player , and as a prospect of whom much will be expected .
`` You just do n't realize how mentally fatiguing it is , more than anything , just to have to be on your game every night , '' Exum says . `` Scouting report , focusing on players because every player is different . It 's a different scouting report , different way of playing different opponents every night . ''
The challenges never stop . At the moment , it 's the aforementioned developmental kinks and the fortitude of the rookie wall . Later , it will be the way Exum reads help defense and overcomes opponents scouted to stop him . There will always be some new test , no matter what kind of player Exum turns out to be . So for now , he waits—parked in the corner , learning all the while .
TomorrowWorld forced to cancel final day for everyone who is n't camping
After three days of grey skies and near-continuous rainfall , the promoters behind TomorrowWorld 's third year at Chattahoochee Hills have been forced to shut down the event . Inclement weather has left the grounds in disarray and the festival has regrettably decided to bar all attendees not camping in Dreamville from attending the festival on its third and final day .
TomorrowWorld released the following statement :
Today , Sunday September 27 , TomorrowWorld will only be accessible to visitors currently camping at DreamVille . Continuous rainfall over the last three days has severely limited capacity of the parking lots , entrance roads and drop off locations in and around the festival site . The experience of the TomorrowWorld visitors is always TomorrowWorld 's number one priority , so TomorrowWorld was forced to close all daily parking lots and drop off locations . TomorrowWorld regrets that festivalgoers with day tickets , guest list tickets , and anyone not already camps at DreamVille will unfortunately not be able to access the festival . The last day of the festival will go on for the 40,000 visitors already situated in DreamVille , with David Guetta , Armin Van Buuren , and Martin Garrix all on deck .
More information and refund policy will be available soon .
Via : WSBTV
Categories : Music
Via Kellie Brautigam
`` Young people today have a much wider taste in music than people did when I was growing up . I think the Bonnaroo-thing kind of represents that , '' said Warren Haynes , guitarist of The Allman Brothers Band and founder of jam band Gov't Mule . Haynes has played the biggest musical festivals to date , including Woodstock . He 's watched the Bonnaroo Music & Arts Festival `` turn into a worldwide thing '' and said he 's `` still here from last year . '' `` Its been interesting to watch it grow ... Everyone knows Bonnaroo . '' The 12th annual Bacchanalia gathering was held on Manchester 's farm June 13-16 , continuing its expansion from strictly booking jam bands to hosting more than 200 acts from just about any music genre you can think of . That diversity attracts ninety-some-thousand music lovers to camp out for one weekend each summer . While covering the event my new friends asked the same question , `` How do I explain this place to friends back home ? '' Festivals have been around since the 1300 's but with the rise of online piracy and websites like Spotify most people would rather listen to their favorite artists through headphones than face 90 degree heat , on a giant farm , beside all that humanity . Those compelled enough to leave their air conditioners experience a music event like no other . In his New York Times article , music critic Ben Ratliff praised the attentiveness of Bonnaroo 's audience . Ratliff said there is `` more general attention and respect '' given toward Bonnaroo 's performances than any other `` enormous pop festival '' he 's been to , including Roo 's West Coast antithesis , Coachella . That level of dedication excited Sam Margin , lead vocalist and guitarist of The Rubens , before his first time performing on the farm . `` We were working in bars not long ago , hating our lives . Just this last year we started playing festivals and I do n't know , this happened out of nowhere . Now we 're at Bonnaroo — what the fuck , '' Margin explained on Friday . Greyhill Advisors , an economic consulting firm , would also measure Bonnaroo 's success . Greyhill found that the festival generates more than $ 51.1 million for Manchester 's Coffee County each year , making it the highest-earning music festival ever . Each attendant has the option to either work shifts during the fest or chalk up $ 260- $ 1,000 for entry wristbands . Those making the trip , meander across 750-acres of privately owned farmland with zero police officers on site . `` The security is the best there too . I 've been to a couple festivals where the security is breathing down your neck the whole time like they 're Hell 's Angels or something , '' said Adam Sedlak , festival nomad from Pennsylvania . Sedlak has been to Chicago 's Lollapalooza , California 's Coachella , Delaware 's Firefly and NYC 's Governor 's Ball . But things are n't completely wild as you 'd imagine . Security rides around on horseback and will confiscate flasks , glass bottles , bowls and drugs if you fail to conceal them properly . The following group of friends from Ohio did not have that problem . `` In a matter of 30 minutes we had consumed more drugs than I did the entire time we were there , '' said one tall hipster . `` One minute we were sitting in the grass throwing glow sticks at passersby , and the next we were in the middle of The Other Tent… We danced till the sun came up ... I woke up covered in glitter , without my clothes , but somehow I managed to still have my beer tent tickets in my socks . ''
Via Kellie Brautigam Of Monsters and Men .
LSD , MDMA , magic mushrooms , medical marijuana from California and Colorado , hash brownies , adderall , `` cookie monster '' and just about any drug you can imagine will make an appearance on the campgrounds . One school teacher bought mushrooms from a `` guy in a banana costume '' who could n't find a way to beat the heat . The giant fruit passed out in the teacher 's tent for 18 hours , `` we thought he was dead . '' Mark Moderalli , future Bonnaroo taxi driver , noticed the fairer sex finding their own ways to stay cool . `` I think I saw a dozen pair of tits . Seven painted and five bare . The first night some girl came up to me with her top off . She asked me what was up . I said 'you are clearly . ' '' If drugs and nudity are n't your thing , the festival offers events for the sober and fully-clothed . 2013 marked Bonnaroo 's first 5k race , a full yoga curriculum , art lessons , movie screenings and mindfulness sessions . That balance left little to no aggression on the farm . When audience members became frustrated they skipped fighting and burst into song — usually the national anthem . Some fought heat exhaustion , I think , by shouting their favorite Christmas albums , `` NSYNC , '' `` Christina Aguilera . '' One girl shouted every lyric to `` All I Want for Christmas is You '' with a straight face . Being in line is an experience in itself . You walk in , wait , then watch a sea of people pour around you , realizing it 's bad because they 're endless , but bearable when you adjust , eventually knowing you 're more than just another piece of meat caught in the tide ... The point is , Bonnaroo attendants find ways to make it work . Sunscreen , CamelBaks , straw hats and makeshift bandanas keep festival goers safe and relatively sane . Portugal , The Man 's lead vocalist praised the Bonnaroo attendants when he said they 're much more open to the elements than his audience at NYC 's Governor 's Ball . `` Honestly [ Bonnaroo ] is the best festival . We always have fun here… I 've never played a Bonnaroo without mud , the people do n't give a shit . They have fun , '' said Gourley . I shared the same mindset with Kellie , the self proclaimed `` cute photo-taking sidekick . '' Instead of hiding in the media tent , the coldest on site , we covered as many acts as possible . Making a strict schedule was unrealistic but we laughed at `` novelty acts '' Solange , R. Kelly and Billy Idol . Sure enough , they 'd show up for guest appearances at two concerts . Beyonce 's kid sister sang `` Two Weeks '' with Grizzly Bear , while Kelly and Idol made guest appearances at the Rock 'n ' Soul Superjam . The best acts came on after sundown , taking advantage of their light shows and the absence of that ungodly sun . During The Japandroids & The XX , crowds chanted `` The Star Spangled Banner . '' The Japandroids botched Metallica 's `` Enter Sandman '' and The XX showed up 50-minutes late . The Japandroids recovered by playing `` The House That Heaven Built . '' The XX apologized before telling fans it was singer Oliver Sim 's birthday . A crowd of shirtless bros quickly responded — `` Oh man , Oliver Sim ! What a silky smooth voice , '' `` Smooth as velvet . ''
Via Jeff Kravitz/Film Magic Brian King and David Prowse of the Japandroids .
DJ Derek Smith started his Pretty Lights set of hip-hop-electronic music and laser light show . Fists full of glow sticks were thrown from every direction and everyone kept talking about their LSD or Molly trip . I tried to find water but failed miserably . Bodies poured all around us — I was trapped in a fucking rainbow . Purity Ring also killed their performance and light show . Small cocoons lit up every time producer Corrin Roddick knocked MIDI drumsticks against touch sensitive lanterns , vocals came from Megan James and the duet played two encores of `` Fineshrine '' for nearly 30 minutes without protest . The weekend 's hip-hop performers went all out for crowd interaction . Action Bronson 's big ass jumped into the crowd , Kendrick Lamar had everyone screaming `` where my motherfucking dominoes at '' and Ohio 's Moderalli was one of thousands of white kids singing `` Martin had a dream , '' Macklemore had a fan 's fur coat surfed to the stage so he could wear it , and A $ AP Rocky crowd surfed , smoked a blunt and invited dozens of fans on stage . Killer Mike had his audience — most people members that screamed the national anthem — yelling `` fuck Ronald Reagan '' and `` fuck the government . '' So what quasi-intelligent statement can I make sense of that with ? All Americans want change — but we have no idea how to get it . We just say `` fuck it '' and get drunk to good music ... while the CIA listens . Killer Mike 's commentary on the NSA , `` This week we learned that no dick pic is private . If they 're gon na be looking — they ca n't arrest all of us , if we all do drugs at the same motherfucking time . ''
Via Jeff Kravitz/Film Magic R. Kelly can still sing like a 16-year-old girl .
Other bands we caught up with : Father John Misty , Beach House , The Wu-Tang Clan , Django Django , Father John Misty , Matt & Kim , JD McPherson , HAIM , and Björk . Jack Johnson covering Mumford 's `` The Cave '' and the Steve Miller Band 's `` The Joker '' with The Preservation Hall Jazz Band , the Jim James Rock 'n ' Soul Superjam covering 70 's tracks from Sly & the Family Stone , John Lennon , Curtis Mayfield and the Rolling Stones . Accompanying James were John Oates , Comedian Michael Winslow , Sly & the Family Stone bassist Larry Graham and Alabama Shakes singer Brittany Howard . Howard also joined Bustle in Your Hedgerow , a Led Zeppelin cover band playing from 2:30 a.m. till sunrise . Hedgerow went mostly without a Robert Plant until Howard performed The Lemon Song hitting the genitals of audience members like a bottle of Cialis . And yes , we saw Paul McCartney . He played `` Something , '' `` Yesterday , '' and other Beatles songs . McCartney also told a story about Jimi Hendrix shredding a solo in '69 . By song 's end , Hendrix was begging Eric Clapton to come on stage to tune his guitar . Clapton quietly shook his head from the crowd , `` I ai n't coming up there , man . '' And the Beatle was not only the first headliner to perform , but also the first to comment on the festival 's aroma . `` Whoa , someone has some pretty good weed up front . What are you trying to do to me ? '' The final headliner , Tom Petty , also brought up a good point . `` It smells really good at Bonnaroo , yanno ? ... no , really it smells . I 'd swear it was pot . ''
Via Jeff Kravitz/Film Magic McCartney performed in font of Bonnaroo 's largest crowd on June 14 .
Moderalli would find the only confrontation I heard of throughout the weekend . At the festival 's center , a naked male was faced down , with one arm around his back , and a knee placed on his neck , being restrained by eight Bonnaroo security members . `` I 'm not sure if bath salts were involved , '' Moderalli said . Besides that instance , the group mentality was unusually positive given the crowds , drugs and extreme weather . I swam through , bumped , stepped on and apologized to tens-of-thousands and the most I would get back was `` you 're fine , honey , '' `` no problem , brother . '' But our trip was n't exactly perfect . During our drive to Tennessee , we came minutes away from this . After setting up camp we got lost , and I was jumping a 15-foot barbwire fence with an audience of cars cheering me — to get back inside the festival . Just an hour later , a storm threw our canopy onto our neighbor 's pickup truck . Thankfully three separate neighbors quickly ran over , retrieving the canopy . We ruined an air mattress , Bob Saget complemented me on my nappy hair , banana residue smothered our DSLR camera — and all that madness flew pretty quickly . Time definitely plays tricks on you at Bonnaroo — three hours pass like one . Many had spiritual moments — pin-balling against 750-acres will leave you mentally and physically spent but it makes you excited for music again — like the first time you scored music for free . The festival is a place to consider life , motion and how well your own character stacks up against it all — pending how conscious you were . If you 're the music snob that only listens to albums from the Summer of Love , then you 're right — we 've basically missed out on everything worth living for . But if you are n't , do n't hesitate to postpone your shitty-job , compromising relationship — whatever ball and chain weighing you down — to be apart of the grandiose festival that makes you feel like you 've never left .
This is the intriguing question asked in a Christian Science Monitor op/ed by Loyola Law School professor Karl Manheim and Consumer Watchdog chairman Jamie Court . To wit :
The federal government does not ordinarily require Americans to purchase particular goods or services from private parties .
The closest we come is when government imposes a condition on the grant of discretionary benefit or permit . For instance , in most states , you must have auto insurance to drive a car , or you are required to install fire sprinklers when building a new house . But in such cases , the `` mandate '' is discretionary – you do n't have to drive a car or build a house . Nor do you have a constitutional right to do so ....
A health insurance mandate is essentially a forced contract , in which one party ( the insurer ) gets to set the terms . You must buy their policies , even if you prefer to self-insure , rely on alternative medicine , or obtain treatment outside the system . In constitutional terms , such mandates may constitute a violation of due process or a `` taking of property . ''
Requiring Person A to give money to Person B is a `` taking , '' whether or not something of value is given in return . Let 's say the state required every resident to buy milk , on the rationale that milk consumption benefits public health . That 's either a constitutionally forbidden taking ( of money ) or a violation of due process .
These constitutional rights are n't absolute . Given a compelling enough reason , government can interfere with your person and property . It can require , for instance , that your child be vaccinated before attending public school . But there is usually an opt-out , such as private or homeschooling .
We are not aware of any opt-outs for most people in the mandatory health insurance plans being discussed .
Lenovo Vibe X3 , the new premium smartphone from the Chinese company , has been launched in India for Rs 19,999 . Lenovo Vibe X3 will will go on sale on Amazon India at 2pm but there will be no flash sale for this phone .
Advertising
The Lenovo Vibe X3 launch was streamed live on YouTube and users can check out the weblink for the same here .
Updates from Lenovo Vibe X3 launch
Theatre Max support
Like the Lenovo K4 Note , the Vibe X3 also supports VR Threatre Max , which is not really about virtual reality . The headset will be sold separately for Rs 1299 . Users can get a 100-degree , theatre-style big screen experience via the VR headset from their Lenovo Vibe X3 smartphone .
Best Sound
Lenovo says the Vibe X3 offers one of the best sound experiences on a smartphone in the industry . Lenovo has also partnered with Skull Candy to introduce special headphones .
Sale is on Amazon tomorrow
Advertising
Lenovo Vibe X3 will go on sale tomorrow on Amazon India . There is no flash sale for this smartphone . The price is Rs 19,999 .
Watch live launch of Lenovo Vibe X3 smartphone
Lenovo Vibe X3 features a 5.5-inch full HD IPS display , and is powered by 64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor coupled with 3GB RAM . The smartphone comes with 32GB storage space .
On the camera front , Lenovo Vibe X3 has a 21 megapixel rear camera and an eight megapixel front camera with the ability to record 4K videos .
One of the unique features of the phone will be Lenovo Sound , which offers HD Audio with Dolby Atmos on the dual front speakers , as well as on the headphones . Lenovo claims it has used the best DACs in the phone to offer lossless playback .
Also read : Motorola Moto G will stay , but get ready for more Lenovo branding
In terms of UI , the Lenovo Vibe X3 runs the company 's Vibe UI based on Android 5.1 Lollipop , although this has been tweaked to look closer to stock Android . Lenovo had indicated at CES 2016 , that it will try and bring in some features of stock Android to its smartphones as well , borrowing from the Motorola brand , which is also owned by the company .
The Lenovo Vibe X3 is 4G LTE and could be priced around Rs 25,000 . We 'll have to wait for the launch to confirm the pricing . Interestingly Lenovo 's popular budget smartphone K4 Note will also go on sale today on Amazon India .
In Pictures : Lenovo Vibe X3 : A closer look at the new premium smartphone
Advertising
Do n't miss : Lenovo K4 Note sale today : How it stands against Le 1s , Moto G Turbo
SHANGHAI ( Reuters ) - China 's securities regulator stepped up efforts to restore confidence in the country 's sagging equities markets on Thursday , making another round of cuts to transaction fees and encouraging companies to buy back their own stock .
An investor gestures as he talks in front of an electronic board showing stock information at a brokerage house in Wuhan , Hubei province July 5 , 2012 . REUTERS/Stringer
The China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ) said that it will cut transaction fees applied to stocks and futures trades , the third in a series of similar cuts since April .
The statement said combined savings from the three rounds of cuts would total 15.5 billion yuan ( $ 2.43 billion ) in trading fees this year .
The regulator is also actively working with other ministries to possibly lower stamp duty , state radio cited the CSRC as saying at a news conference on Thursday . China scrapped stamp duty for stock buyers in September 2008 , but left the charge unchanged at 0.1 percent for sellers .
The CSRC has also encouraged firms whose share prices have fallen below their net asset value per share to buy back their shares , an official newspaper reported on Thursday . Such share buybacks usually result in increased valuations of outstanding shares by reducing net supply .
But the Shanghai Composite Index ( SSEC ) .SSEC , which has slumped to 3-1/2-year lows , did not react positively to the share buyback proposal , extending declines on Thursday .
The SSEC has tumbled around 14 percent over the last three months , giving up all of its gains for the year as the global economy staggered again on bad news from Europe .
Analysts are now concerned Chinese equity markets could close out 2012 in negative territory for the third year in a row , even as the country prepares for a sensitive once-in-a-decade leadership transition .
In this environment , investors appear increasingly unreceptive to expressions of rhetorical support from regulators , clamoring instead for looser monetary policy and a freeze on initial public offerings , neither of which appears to be on the cards at present .
“ I think the market is getting a bit numb to what the CSRC is trying to do , ” concurred Chen Yi , a Shanghai-based analyst with Xiangcai Securities .
Given weak fundamentals , including profit warnings by listed firms , investors are not paying much attention to investment advice from government officials , said Zhang Yanbing , a securities analyst at Zheshang Securities in Shanghai .
“ The simple reason is , the market is on a downward slide due to macroeconomic conditions and problems in Europe , ”
As for the cuts in transaction fees , it is unclear whether the projected savings will be passed on to investors or retained by brokerages . Nor do they appear sufficient to offset statements such as those made by China 's central bank on Thursday expressing concern that the global economy might slide back into recession .
“ A slew of fee cuts will surely be positive for the stock market , but the market 's performance is affected by the combination of many factors , such as economy and corporate fundamentals , ” said Zhang Qiwei , analyst at China Economic and Business Monitor in Shanghai .
WHAT 'S IN A BLUE CHIP ?
Other market players said investors suspect that regulators are pushing “ blue chips ” to help prop up favored firms .
An unidentified CSRC official was quoted by the Shanghai Securities News as saying companies whose shares are trading below net asset value per share with growth potential and strong finances have “ greater obligations ” to consider a buyback .
There are 71 mainland-listed companies whose share price is currently trading below net asset value per share , including blue chips such as Shanghai Pudong Development Bank ( 600000.SS ) , China Communications Construction Co Ltd ( 601800.SS ) and China Railway Group Ltd ( 601390.SS ) , according to the report .
Related Coverage China central bank vows to ensure steady credit growth
The latest statements are part of a campaign launched by the CSRC earlier this year to encourage investors to pick up shares in high quality blue chips , which it said are trading at a discount .
Guo Shuqing , the country 's top stock market regulator , started the campaign in mid-February when he told a conference that the country 's blue chip stocks offer “ rare investment value ” at current prices .
He predicted that investment in China 's top companies could yield returns of 8 percent a year , based on an average PE ratio he estimated at 11 times forecast earnings .
The Miami Dolphins held their third day of training camp practices on Saturday , which means it was the first day of pads for the club . The team got to work early in the morning , and it did not take long for defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh to show off exactly why the Dolphins signed him as a free agent this offseason .
The defense as a whole seemed to win the day , with multiple players making an impact ( including three interceptions , one by Cedric Thompson off McLeod Bethel-Thompson , one by Michael Thomas off Matt Moore , and one by Sammy Seamster off Bethel-Thompson ) , but it was Suh who stole the show . The first two days , Suh seemed to be holding back and not wanting to go full speed without pads . Saturday , that changed , with the big man abusing offensive linemen all day , constantly pushing back the line of scrimmage .
The offensive line was not bad on the day , they were just getting beat by Suh who kicked it up a notch now that the pads are being worn . Jamil Douglas looked good at left guard , and Dallas Thomas was not bad either . Billy Turner appears to be settling in at right guard , with Jeff Linkenbach also seeing first-team reps. All of the interior linemen , including center Mike Pouncey , zwill be getting a daily lesson , though , if Suh continues to perform like he did on Saturday .
The Dolphins will have one of the top defensive lines in the league this year , particularly with Suh and Cameron Wake on the left side of the defensive line . It will be impressive when the season starts , but it will also make the offensive line look bad during practice . That 's not to say there is nothing to worry about when it comes to the offensive line , but it is also not surprising that an All-Pro like Suh is making a question mark look even bigger .
The defense won the day , but the offense does look comfortable and able to execute . Part of that is the growth of quarterback Ryan Tannehill , who clearly has a better understanding of second-year offensive coordinator Bill Lazor 's offense , and is developing into a franchise quarterback . He will have to continue to prove that growth during the season , but the offense feels like it is well ahead of where it has been in the opening days of training camp the last few years .
The receivers are also stepping up , with Greg Jennings , Jarvis Landry , Kenny Stills , Rishard Matthews , Michael Preston , and LaRon Byrd all making plays . Add in tight ends Jordan Cameron and Dion Sims , and the passing game appears to be on the right track in getting ready for the 2015 regular season .
Rookie running back Jay Ajayi also made an impact play on the day , stiff arming his way through Sammy Seamster on a pass reception .
The team practices again tomorrow at 8am ET before taking an off day on Monday .
ANAHEIM – What was once seen as something that would eventually happen became reality Sunday night , and Ducks center Ryan Getzlaf wore proof of that change when he took the ice in the exhibition finale against the Kings .
Getzlaf was selected captain earlier in the day and showed he was comfortable wearing the “ C ” letter on his sweater as he scored a goal and set up Teemu Selanne 's overtime winner that allowed the Ducks to end the exhibition season with a 3-2 victory at Honda Center .
Getzlaf , 25 , becomes the eighth captain in franchise history and succeeds Scott Niedermayer , who held that role for four of his five seasons before announcing his retirement in June .
“ I 'm extremely honored to be that with the room that we have here , ” Getzlaf said , noting that he 's “ following in some pretty good footsteps . ”
“ It could have easily been on a few jerseys tonight , ” he added .
The organization long has groomed him for the captaincy and it took a large step toward that in making him alternate captain last season . But this decision was left to a vote by the players instead of Ducks coach Randy Carlyle , who usually made the final call .
The other leading candidates were Saku Koivu and Teemu Selanne , who will hold the alternate roles . Koivu and Selanne referred to the role as being a challenge that Getzlaf is now ready for .
“ Sometimes it might kind of bring a bit more pressure but in Getzy 's case , it 's a good thing , ” Koivu said . “ One thing he has to remember is that he got named and voted as a captain because of who he is and what he 's done . And the personality that he has .
“ He ca n't change anything . He has to be himself . And that 's going to be enough . ”
Said Selanne : “ I honestly think it 's Getzy 's time . ”
There were sure signs of that Sunday as he flashed the kind of ability that put together team-leading campaigns of 82 and 91 points in 2007-08 and 2008-09 before he slipped to 69 points last season in what was an injury-plagued year .
Early in the third period , Getzlaf put a perfect stretch pass off the boards to a streaking Matt Beleskey , who got off a shot that Kings goalie Jonathan Bernier stopped . Brendan Mikkelson jumped on the rebound and nicely fed Getzlaf for a 2-0 lead .
Like they often did last season , the Ducks could n't handle prosperity as Justin Williams scored a shorthanded goal with 4:10 remaining and Brad Richardson deflected in Jack Johnson 's wrist shot from the point to tie the game with 2:43 left .
But the Kings , who did n't dress Anze Kopitar , Dustin Brown and Ryan Smyth , were whistled for too many men on the ice 40 seconds into overtime and Getzlaf deftly put the puck in the perfect spot for Selanne to hammer in a one-timer .
Carlyle acknowledged that symbolic move of the team transitioning from Niedermayer to Getzlaf and said the vote shows that the big center has the players ' support .
“ This is another step in the maturity process of a Ryan Getzlaf , not only within our team but within the league , ” Getzlaf said . “ We know that there are young captains around . We know that there are young players that play prominent roles . He 's expected to play a very prominent role for our hockey club . ”
Getzlaf said the role wo n't change the way he plays on the ice .
“ You do n't become the captain and then change what you 're doing , ” he said . “ It 's like becoming the president and changing everything that you campaigned about . It 's just a thing that you grow into and I was lucky enough to be honored with it today . ”
PROGRESS MADE
The Kings were shorthanded but that did n't stop the Ducks from feeling as if they made some progress toward the end of a skittish camp full of changes and experiments .
A beleaguered penalty-killing unit erased all six Kings power plays while goalie Jonas Hiller looks like he 's in top form as he made 41 saves .
But Carlyle pointedly noted that “ we still have n't created our own identity . ”
“ There are times that we play well and we play the way we can , ” Koivu said . “ But I think we 're missing the consistency right now that we 're looking for . It 's still early . ”
CUTS LOOM
The Ducks will need to trim two more forwards by the Wednesday 's deadline in order to get to the league maximum of 23 and Carlyle said “ this is always a tense time for some players . ”
Center Ryan Carter could be put on waivers again , as he was during the summer . Josh Green , Maxime Macenauer and Dan Sexton could also be on the bubble .
Will Smith will have a special role in Muhammad Ali ‘ s memorial service on Friday .
The actor , who portrayed the late boxing legend in the 2001 Oscar-nominated film Ali , is set to be a pallbearer , according to Entertainment Weekly .
The three-time heavyweight champion died at the age of 74 on June 4 at 9:10 p.m. MST , days after being treated for respiratory complications at a Phoenix-area hospital . The cause of death was “ septic shock due to unspecified natural causes , ” family spokesperson Bob Gunnell confirmed on Saturday .
Ali 's casket arrived in his hometown of Louisville , Kentucky , on Sunday ahead of the June 10 funeral and public memorial service , which will be held at KFC Yum ! Center at 2 p.m. local time and open to the public . Fans will also be able to stream the service online .
Former President Bill Clinton , Billy Crystal and Bryant Gumbel will give eulogies .
Smith , 47 , paid tribute to Ali in a Facebook post on Saturday writing , “ You shook up the World ! My Mentor & My Friend . You changed my Life . Rest in Peace . ”
And in 2015 , Smith spoke fondly of his “ very unique connection ” to the sports hero . “ For nearly two years , I worked to transform myself into the man who changed his name from Cassius Clay to Muhammad Ali and shook up the world , ” he said about on Ali 's work and career during a speech at Sports Illustrated ‘ s 2015 Sportsperson of Year ceremony .
“ And that 's really what makes my job so beautiful as an actor – for four , five months at a time I get to wear peoples ' lives . So I got to wear Muhammad Ali 's greatness . I got to study and feel and embody the soul of the man , from the foundations of Islam and the strength of his Muslim faith in his life , to the beautiful wake that he always leaves in his magnificent path , ” Smith continued .
The Obama administration has decided to stretch the 15-year old congressional authorization for war against the perpetrators of the 9/11 attacks , or those harboring them , to include an illegal war against a group in Somalia -- al-Shabab -- that was n't even in existence at the time of the attacks in 2001 .
In fact , as with many of its Islamist terrorist opponents worldwide -- including the original al Qaeda , the perpetrator of 9/11 that arose from U.S. arming of Mujahideen guerrillas against the Soviet Union in Afghanistan in the 1980s and al Qaeda in Iraq , which arose to combat the U.S. invasion there and morphed into ISIS -- the United States inadvertently helped create al-Shabab in the first place . Al-Shabab did not arise until after 2007 , long after 9/11 , when the U.S. sponsored an Ethiopian invasion of Somalia to wrest control of the country from a milder Islamist council . The more virulent al-Shabab was rose to attempt to repel this foreign invasion .
More generally , after 9/11 , rather than following the congressional authorization and focusing like a laser beam on countering the original al Qaeda group and their patrons , the Afghan Taliban , the George W. Bush administration launched a general `` war on terror , '' which covered all terrorist groups of international scope , regardless of whether or not they focused on attacking U.S. targets . In the end , this massive Bush administration violation of the narrow 2001 authorization led to illegal U.S. drone wars and airstrikes in countries all over the Middle East and Southwest Asia -- Somalia ( against al Shabab ) , Yemen ( against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ) , Pakistan ( against the Pakistani Taliban ) , and Iraq , Syria , and Libya ( against ISIS ) . The Obama administration then accelerated all these unconstitutional wars . Now Obama is trying shore up the already thin legal fig leaf , so that it can pass such travesties -- which actually make Islamist groups more rabid each time the U.S. intervenes -- onto the incoming Trump administration . When Obama took office , he complained that he inherited from the Bush administration an economic meltdown and a military quagmire in Iraq , but he in turn is bequeathing a legal quagmire to his successor .
Ambiguities in the U.S. Constitution do exist , but which branch of government was given the war power is not one of them . In 18th century Britain , the prerogative of deciding to go to war was the king 's . Having been a victim of this prerogative , debates at the American Constitutional Convention of 1787 , the Constitution that resulted , and actual practice in the republic for almost two centuries until the Korean War in 1950 demonstrate conclusively that Congress -- the people 's branch -- gets to initiate war , not the executive . The Constitution specifically gives Congress the power to commence war ; the debates at the Constitutional Convention indicate that the only exception is for urgent self-defense -- that is , when U.S. territory is under sustained attack , thus preventing the Congress from convening . Even then , the Congress should meet at the earliest possible time to ratify any moves in self-defense made by the president , as commander in chief . Very early in American history , even in the informal and sporadic war at sea with France ( the Quasi-War ) in the last few years of the 18th century , the Congress was in the driver 's seat in conducting the war and President John Adams complied with its desires .
And in contrast to presidential claims of an expansive commander-in-chief role since the Korean War , the Constitution 's framers intended , and normal practice till 1950 confirmed , that the president 's role in that capacity was taken narrowly to mean only commanding troops on the battlefield after war had already been initiated by Congress -- not commanding the entire nation , in times of crises or otherwise .
Yet since 1950 , presidents have claimed powers to start wars even without any authorization from Congress -- either getting none ( for example , Bill Clinton in his war to separate Kosovo from Serbia in 1999 or Barack Obama in overthrowing Muammar Gaddafi in Libya in 2011 ) or claiming that they needed to do so only as a courtesy , which was primarily a gambit to win increased political support for their military escapades ( for example , both Bushes in each of their misadventures in Iraq ) .
Another trick is what Bush and Obama have done with the aforementioned drone wars -- trying to blatantly fold wars against other only tangentially-related `` Islamist '' groups in countries far from Afghanistan into the congressional authorization for war against the perpetrators of 9/11 -- the original al-Qaeda group and their hosts , the Afghan Taliban .
Such legal gymnastics must stop . During the Trump administration , the many drone wars either must be made legally legitimate , with specific approval for each of them from the people 's houses of Congress , or they must be stopped . The latter solution would be preferred -- because those counterproductive foibles are making the threat from Islamist terrorism more virulent with each U.S. military intervention -- but even the former option would at least put the wars on a much sounder constitutional footing .
I do n't think many people would argue that Wacom is the leader in the drawing tablet industry right now , with many professional photographers and graphic designers using tablets from their $ 200+ mid-level Intuos line as the staple for precise mouse work , and some even shelling out the thousands for the Cintiq line tablets with a built-in screen display ; so when I heard about a sub- $ 100 tablet with great reviews and competitive features , I had to try it out . Introducing the Monoprice `` 10x6.25 Inches Graphic Drawing Tablet w/ 8 Hot Key '' !
Okay , so the name could use a bit of work , but at 62.5 square inches of touch surface area for just under $ 50 , this tablet has more drawing room than other tablets at 7x the cost , and shares many similar features . The company that makes it , Monoprice , is a discount electronics retailer that brands many of it 's own competitive products - and while you 're not going to see the same build quality and attention to detail ( think Yongnuo vs Canon ) , many including myself have found that this tablet offers a lot more than one would expect considering the price .
Quality
So , how is the build quality ? It 's simple , but not bad . The tablet arrived in a nicely branded box with some information on the key features of the tablet , OS requirements , and general info .
Inside the box I found the tablet suspended on a white cardboard layout with the driver disc , pen , spare pen tips , AAA battery , and the pen holder . While this setup was a bit light on padding , the actual package they shipped it in had a very thick layer of air cushions surrounding the box and everything seemed to be in great condition . One thing that did surprise me , however is that the pen has no `` eraser '' on the back , which I 've never seen before . I 'm not sure if this is due to a patent by a competitor or just a cost thing , but for me it 's not a big deal as I do n't think I 've ever actually used it with pens that did have one . I normally just use the keyboard shortcut for whatever tool I need . The holder that the pen sits in when you 're not using it is on a bit of a tilt and can easily be knocked over since the pen is fairly heavy with the battery in it as well , so that 's something to look out for ( I 'll probably just swap it out with one of the circular Wacom ones ) .
The tablet itself seems to be made of the same plastics/materials as every other tablet I 've ever seen . It says `` made in China '' on the back , but I think that 's to be expected of discount electronics . There are four rubber pads on the bottom corners to protect your desk surface , and 8 plastic buttons on the front that act as programmable shortcut keys , as well as some more touch sensitive shortcut areas on the top of the drawing area . Being a tablet , there 's not really much to mess up - the paint they use for the key functions and whatnot seems to be good quality , none of it came off when I tried scratching it with a dime so I imagine it will take a long time to fade .
Features
In terms of features , I really appreciate the shortcut keys on the side which you can program to open any application , or webpage , or perform any function you want ( cut , copy , save , etc . ) though one issue I have is that they 've already permanently labelled them to correspond with specific uses , which is kind of useless if you do want to change anything from default . There is also a list of applications running along the top of the drawing area that offer more shortcut possibilities that one can select with the pen which are also customizable within the settings menu .
So what about the drawing area itself ? How 's the user experience ? To start , here 's the spec list from the product page :
As I already mentioned , the drawing area is pretty good . I might even say perfect if you 're just using it for brushing in Photoshop , though designers may want a bit more room for precision . The resolution at 4000 LPI is about 1000 under the Intuos5 line . This is basically the amount of `` fine movements '' or spaces between each readable point on the tablet surface . I have n't noticed any issues with precision brush movements despite this , though in a side by side comparison the Intuos5 is a bit more fluid . The report rate is exactly the same ( that 's the amount of times per second that the tablet updates the data sent to your computer to show movement/touch ) . Again , this effects how `` fluid '' your cursor movement is as slower report rates would cause it to look jumpy . In the reviews , some other users have stated that they would appreciate more pen pressure levels . At 1024 , this is only half of what the more expensive competitors offer and again this comes down to what you 're using it for and what kind of precision you need . The pressure levels affect things like brush size , transparency , etc depending on your settings . Lastly , the `` reading height '' at 10mm is the amount you can hover the pen above the surface while the tablet still measures your movement . This is a comfortable height for me , about the height that one would lift a pen tip above paper to move on to their next word when writing .
Just like other tablets the pen has two buttons located on the side which can perform the function of a left click , right click , double click , etc . based on your settings as well . The drivers included work with both Windows XP and later , and Mac OS X 10.4.11 and later , however there are some bonus applications that the website says wo n't work with any Mac or Win 7 or later , they seem to be mostly plugin type things for programs like Word , PowerPoint , etc . that I ca n't imagine most would get much use out of . Lastly , there 's a green LED on the top that flashes when you plug it in ( USB 2.0 ) or touch the tablet with the pen . It has no other use or reason , it is just so you know the tablet is working .
Price
So - is it worth the price ? Absolutely , for $ 50 you might as well pick one up if for no other reason than as a backup or travel kit that you do n't have to worry about . The pens are about $ 10 to replace if you drop/break it , but like I mentioned they already include a bag of replacement plastic tips which seems to be the most vulnerable component . You wo n't get the precision for fine details like you will from a $ 300 tablet , but for some this wo n't matter - this has all of the features I 'll ever need and I ca n't see any performance difference from when I work with an Intuos unit , while it may not cut it for designers , I 'd imagine most photographers would agree . The company offers a 30 day money-back guarantee with no restocking fee , and discount bulk pricing for any order with 2 to 50+ .
Summary
They pack this thing up with a lot more features than one would expect , and the 90 % positive reviews speak for themselves . This is a great tool whether you 're a hobbyist looking for an alternative to your laptop 's track pad , or a professional wanting to save some cash . It 's not going to offer you everything that the more expensive alternatives will , but the features you do get for the 700 % price jump are minimal . Some of the included software seems rather useless and could use an update ( as well as the shortcut button layout ) , but the drivers were easy to install , and the settings are incredibly straight forward to navigate and customize .
What I liked :
Decent drawing area size
Easy to install
Tons of shortcut customize options
Compatible w/ popular OS
Solid build
Includes basic replacement parts
What could use improvement :
Pointless shortcut labels
Could use more pressure levels
Includes outdated software
If you 're interested in picking one up , you can buy it here .
Over at the Times Online in honour of the 70th Anniversary of the Marvel Comics , they put together a tremendous list of 70 little-known facts about the comic company .
To see the full list of 70 , you 'll need to scoot on over to their article but here 's a selection of ten of the fun tidbits they posted :
1 . Marvel was first known as Timely Comics . It was set up in 1939 by New York magazine publisher Martin Goodman . From 1951 the company 's comics were printed under the name Atlas but this was changed to Marvel in 1961 . The first comic to appear under the Marvel Comics brand was Amazing Adventures No 3 .
2 . Goodman thought that Spider-man was a rotten idea for a superhero . He told Stan Lee that the character would fail because readers hated spiders . He changed his mind when the sales figures came in .
3 . Pet Shop Boys singer Neil Tennant once worked for Marvel . Between 1975 and 1977 , Tennant was an editor at Marvel 's UK division , a job that required him to anglicise American spellings and indicate when the more scantily dressed superheroines needed to be redrawn decently .
4 . The word ‘ sex ' was concealed in the illustrations of New X-Men issue 118 at least 18 times – one almost every page . It surreptitiously appears in hair strands , bottles of whisky , a hedge , a puddle , tree branches , protest signs and , thanks to some conveniently placed garden tools , a lawn . The book 's artist , Ethan Van Sciver , has said that he scattered the word throughout the book because Marvel was annoying him at the time and he thought it would be fun to inject a little mischief into his work . Weirdly , this was the sort of activity that the psychologist Fredric Wertham railed hysterically against in the Fifties . He thought that comics were corrupting America 's youth , with their overt and covert depictions of sex and drugs , and his book on the subject , Seduction of the Innocent , led to Senate hearings and a strict moral code being imposed on the comic industry .
5 . Marvel once owned the rights to the word zombie . As improbable as it sounds , Marvel attempted to trademark the word zombie in comic book titles after publishing Tale of the Zombie in 1973 . By the time the trademark was approved two years later , the series was coming to an end . Marvel lost the trademark in 1996 but it was n't long before it was once again trademarking the armies of the undead , registering the words Marvel Zombies to protect its comic series of the same name . With DC , Marvel also trademarked the phrase ‘ Super Hero ' .
6 . Artist Dave Cockrum ‘ s resignation letter to Marvel surreptitiously appeared in Iron Man No 127 . In the issue , Tony Stark 's butler , Jarvis , resigns after a drunk and out of control Stark verbally abuses . The letter reads :
Anthony Stark ,
I am leaving because this is no longer the team-spirited “ one big happy family ” I once loved working for . Over the past year or so I have watched Avengers ' morale disintegrate to the point that , rather than being a team or a family , it is now a large collection of unhappy individuals simmering in their own personal stew of repressed anger , resentment and frustration . I have seen a lot of my friends silently enduring unfair , malicious or vindictive treatment .
My personal grievances are relatively slight by comparison to some , but I do n't intend to silently endure . I 've watched the Avengers be disbanded , uprooted and shuffled around . I 've become firmly convinced that this was done with the idea of “ showing the hired help who 's Boss ” .
I do n't intend to wait around to see what 's next .
Three issues later Iron Man ‘ s writer , David Michelinie , explained to readers that this was not the letter Jarvis had intended to write and that due to a production error the wrong text had been published . The letter that appeared was none other than Cockrum 's own resignation letter , only someone had swapped “ Marvel ” for “ Avengers ” .
7 . The Comics Code Authority forbade the use of werewolves in comics so Marvel writers had to come up with ingenious ways of including the classic villain archetype . For X-Men No 60 ( 1969 ) Roy Thomas and Neal Adams created Sauron , a were–pterodactyl to get round the code .
8 . Mario Puzo , the author of The Godfather , found writing comics too difficult . Before he found fame as a novelist , Puzo eked a living writing for men 's adventure magazines for Marvel 's publisher . Short of cash one month he asked Stan Lee if he could try his hand writing a comic script . Lee readily agreed but Puzo could n't deliver the goods . “ He said it was too difficult , ” Lee recounts in his autobiography . Puzo told him : “ I could write a novel in the time it would take me to figure this damn thing out. ” Puzo did eventually crack the superhero nut , writing the screenplays for the first two Superman movies .
9 . Marvel was the first comic company to give a black superhero his own comic book . Created by Archie Goodwin and John Romita , Luke Cage was a streetwise hero whose skin was as hard as steel . He made his first appearance in Luke Cage : Hero for Hire No 1 in June 1972 and was clearly an attempt by Marvel to cash in on the popular Blaxploitation genre .
10 . Readers who alerted Marvel to mistakes in their comics were awarded a No-Prize . This would be empty envelope sent back to the reader on which would be written : “ Congratulations ! This envelope contains a genuine Marvel Comics No-Prize , which you have just won ! ” The No-Prize has become a much sought-after item for fans .
I opened a resume file the other night that scared me . It used tiny font and had no white space . I had an instant flight response .
Then I found myself asking , “ How many words are in this thing ? ”
That was followed by , “ How long should a resume be ? ”
Back to the scary resume — it contained two pages and 1,121 words . I did n't want to read it . Ever .
How Long Should Your Resume Be ?
I decided to do a little research . I opened some of my resume clients ' files and checked the number of words in their two-page resumes .
Yes , two pages — we do n't write longer resumes .
They averaged between 550 and 750 words rendered in 11-point Calibri font . A 757-word resume looked cramped to me .
Resume Word Count Guidelines
Let 's compare how many words you have in your resume to what research says is optimal .
First , check your word count . Look in the lower left corner of your document . You should see “ XXX words . ”
If not , then count the number of words in your resume by clicking the Word “ Tools ” menu and then clicking “ Word Count . ”
Still stumped ? This video shows all for Word 2013 , Word 2016 , and Word 365 !
Next , do n't exceed 700 words because research published by ZipRecruiter.com found that 600 to 700-word resumes get the highest employer ratings on their sites .
If you 're north of 700 words , you might be sharing information that 's dear to you but not to recruiters and hiring managers .
Plus , I guarantee your resume is not as visually appealing as it might be .
How Many Pages Should Your Resume Be ?
A recruiter survey conducted by RiseSmart found that 60 % of the respondents preferred a two-page resume .
Only 18 % said you should use as many pages as you please . That means four out of five recruiters do n't want to read your three-page resume . Bad odds .
Make Recruiters Like You by Being Easy on Their Eyes
Make recruiters like you by giving them the information they want in a simple , easy-to-read font and format .
You can click through to some illustrative samples here .
Recruiters will spend more time reading your resume if it 's on point to their needs and preferences .
What are recruiters ' needs and preferences ? Go here to find out about what researchers learned when they asked recruiters what they like when they “ like ” a resume .
* * *
I write executive resumes and LinkedIn profiles .
Save time . Looks good . Get hired .
Click to learn more about my executive resume writing service or email me .
* * *
Image : Fotolia/photgraphee.eu
Updated February 2019
© 2013 – 2019 , Donna Svei . All rights reserved .
Follow AvidCareerist & Subscribe :
Top Heroes of the Storm teams from across the globe have been battling it out in China at the Gold Club World Championship event and the finals are fast approaching ! In celebration of these hard fought battles in the Nexus , we 're granting all players 50 % bonus XP for the weekend of the finals .
Log in to Heroes during the following time frames to take part in this event :
50 % Bonus XP Event
December 2 , 10:00 a.m. PST ( All Regions ) – December 5 , 10:00 a.m. PST ( All Regions )
Do n't forget , with the new XP bonuses available in-game , you can earn even more XP by playing with a party of friends !
It 's a great time to get a favorite hero leveled up , watch an exciting global hero of the Storm esports tournament , and work on the Nexus Challenge with your friends !
Find out more about Gold Club World Championship event here .
Red Wings recall three from Grand Rapids by Kyle Kujawa / Detroit Red Wings
DETROIT -- The Detroit Red Wings today recalled center Riley Sheahan , right wing Teemu Pulkkinen and defenseman Xavier Ouellet from the AHL 's Grand Rapids Griffins . The Red Wings ' roster currently stands at 32 players entering tonight 's preseason contest versus Pittsburgh ( FOX Sports Detroit Plus ) .
CURRENT DETROIT RED WINGS ROSTER – 32 PLAYERS FORWARDS No . Player Pos . Sh . Ht . Wt . Birthplace D.O.B . 2012-13 Team 8 Justin Abdelkader LW L 6-1 219 Muskegon , MI 2/25/1987 Detroit ( NHL ) 11 Daniel Alfredsson RW R 5-11 203 Gothenburg , Sweden 12/11/1972 Ottawa ( NHL ) 13 Pavel Datsyuk C L 5-11 198 Sverdlovsk , Russia 7/20/1978 Detroit ( NHL ) 14 Gustav Nyquist LW L 5-11 185 Halmstad , Sweden 9/1/1989 Detroit ( NHL ) 15 Riley Sheahan C L 6-2 212 St. Catharines , ON 12/7/1991 Grand Rapids ( AHL ) 17 Patrick Eaves RW R 6-0 187 Calgary , AB 5/1/1984 Detroit ( NHL ) 18 Joakim Andersson C L 6-2 206 Munkedal , Sweden 2/5/1989 Detroit ( NHL ) 20 Drew Miller LW L 6-2 178 Dover , NJ 2/17/1984 Detroit ( NHL ) 21 Tomas Tatar LW L 5-10 186 Ilava , Slovakia 12/1/1990 Grand Rapids ( AHL ) 22 Jordin Tootoo RW R 5-9 199 Churchill , MB 2/2/1983 Detroit ( NHL ) 25 Cory Emmerton C L 6-0 191 St. Thomas , ON 6/1/1988 Detroit ( NHL ) 37 Mikael Samuelsson RW R 6-2 218 Mariefred , Sweden 2/23/1976 Detroit ( NHL ) 40 Henrik Zetterberg C L 5-11 197 Njurunda , Sweden 10/9/1980 Detroit ( NHL ) 43 Darren Helm C L 5-11 192 Winnipeg , MB 1/21/1987 Detroit ( NHL ) 44 Todd Bertuzzi LW L 6-3 229 Sudbury , ON 2/2/1975 Detroit ( NHL ) 45 Willie Coetzee RW R 5-10 185 Johannesburg , S. Africa 11/7/1990 Toledo ( ECHL ) 56 Teemu Pulkkinen RW R 5-10 180 Vantaa , Finland 1/2/1992 Jokerit ( FIN ) 71 Daniel Cleary RW L 6-0 203 Carbonear , NL 12/18/1978 Detroit ( NHL ) 90 Stephen Weiss C L 5-11 190 Toronto , ON 4/3/1983 Florida ( NHL ) 93 Johan Franzen RW L 6-3 223 Vetlanda , Sweden 12/23/1979 Detroit ( NHL ) DEFENSEMEN No . Player Pos . Sh . Ht . Wt . Birthplace D.O.B . 2012-13 Team 2 Brendan Smith D L 6-2 198 Toronto , ON 2/8/1989 Detroit ( NHL ) 4 Jakub Kindl D L 6-3 216 Sumperk , Czech Rep. 2/10/1987 Detroit ( NHL ) 23 Brian Lashoff D L 6-3 212 Albany , NY 7/16/1990 Detroit ( NHL ) 27 Kyle Quincey D L 6-2 207 Kitcheners , ON 8/12/1985 Detroit ( NHL ) 52 Jonathan Ericsson D L 6-4 221 Karlskrona , Sweden 3/2/1984 Detroit ( NHL ) 53 Adam Almquist D L 5-11 173 Huskvarna , Sweden 2/27/1991 Grand Rapids ( AHL ) 55 Niklas Kronwall D L 6-0 190 Stockholm , Sweden 1/12/1981 Detroit ( NHL ) 61 Xavier Ouellet D L 6-1 190 Terrebonne , QC 7/29/1993 B.-Boisbriand ( QMJHL ) 65 Danny DeKeyser D L 6-3 190 Detroit , MI 3/7/1990 Detroit ( NHL ) GOALTENDERS No . Player Pos . Cat . Ht . Wt . Birthplace D.O.B . 2012-13 Team 34 Petr Mrazek G L 6-1 187 Ostrava , Czech Rep. 2/14/1992 Grand Rapids ( AHL ) 35 Jimmy Howard G L 6-0 218 Syracuse , NY 3/26/1984 Detroit ( NHL ) 50 Jonas Gustavsson G L 6-3 192 Danderyd , Sweden 10/24/1984 Detroit ( NHL )
View Less
Sarah had finally stopped laughing . There was nothing remotely funny about staring down a dark , ancient tunnel as a flood of icy water came rushing toward your small , helpless , all-too-fragile body . The water surged toward them as if eager to snuff them out .
Despite her agile laugh , Sarah had always been somewhat useful in a crisis . As the water came crashing and screaming toward them , she looked to her right and saw a small foothold and then another . Beside her , the professor had turned to run , though the tunnel they 'd just traversed was long and winding and , she knew , held no refuge . She grabbed him . “ Climb ! ” she yelled over the rushing water and when he stared at her , she moved behind him and bodily shoved him up , her panic giving her strength she did n't know was possible . Though the professor stumbled with his bum leg , she all but lifted him up by the shoulders and tried not to scream herself as the freezing water grabbed at her ankles and then up her legs , sending a shock of cold up her spine .
They scrambled up the rock face and Sarah ignored the professor 's moaning about having to leave the wall and his precious tools behind . She 'd made the mistake of looking down and her heart dropped as the water climbed up and up . They would not be able to go back the way they came and if the water reached the ceiling of the dark tunnel… “ Professor , ” she said urgently , “ Move ! ”
They climbed blindly , Sarah 's heart going a mile a minute as her boots easily found the next foothold and the next . This was put here on purpose , she thought , and thoughts of booby-traps and sabotage crowded her as she remembered what sent the water toward them in the first place . She grabbed the rock and tried not to let fear overtake her on all sides as she considered the cold death that awaited them below and the unknown terrors that lay ahead .
They climbed , moving inward as they did and the professor whimpered over the rocks that jabbed at their palms and wrists , Sarah nudging him on from behind . It grew darker and tighter and she wondered , as her head brushed the slick ceiling , if this was n't a gruesome error on her part , a smaller death she had pushed them towards . At one point , as the sounds of the water grew fainter , Sarah could swear she smelled the musk of cloves and cinnamon in the air . She wondered if she was going mad .
On and on they climbed , first upward and then on their hands and knees , Sarah squeezing her eyes shut to ignore the little voice that emerged at times like these , when breathable air seemed slight and quarters especially close . She ignored the tightness in her throat , the sweat that dripped from her temples and when the professor stopped his crawl and she slammed into him , she opened her eyes , blind in the dark , ready to urge him on , needing to urge him on .
Only when the cold hand dropped on her shoulder from behind did Sarah finally scream .
Recognize these little nuggets ? They graced our September calendar and Nicole decided she likes you enough to share the recipe . They 're perfect for a cool October morning and an ideal morning treat for a school day when your eight-year-old has a big spelling test and words like “ pumpkin ” and “ autumn ” on the brain .
Pumpkin Muffins with Pecan Crunch & Maple Glaze
Adapted from In Praise of Leftovers & Recipe Girl
Ingredients
For the Muffins
2 cups of all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp . of salt
1/2 tsp . of baking powder
1 tsp . of baking soda
1 tsp . of ground cloves
1 tsp . of ground cinnamon
1 tsp . of ground nutmeg
1 cup of granulated sugar
1/2 cup of brown sugar
3/4 cup ( that 's 1 1/2 sticks ) of softened , unsalted butter
2 large eggs
1 15 ounce can of 100 % pure pumpkin
For the Topping
3 TBsp of all-purpose flour
3 TBsp of melted , unsalted butter
1/4 cup of turbinado or raw cane sugar
1/2 cup of chopped pecans
1/4 tsp . of ground cinnamon
For the Glaze ( I accidentally typed FOR THE WIN at first which I actually think is pretty apt , when talking about glaze )
1/3 cup of powdered sugar
2 TBsp of maple syrup
Directions
1.Preheat oven to 350 degrees . Butter or spray two standard muffin pans .
2 . Make topping first : Combine flour , butter , raw sugar , chopped pecans and cinnamon in a small bowl . Set aside .
3 . Prepare muffin batter . Grab a medium bowl and combine flour , salt , baking powder , baking soda , cloves , cinnamon and nutmeg . Mix well .
4 . In a large mixing bowl or your stand mixer bowl , beat butter , white and brown sugars at low speed until just blended .
5 . Add eggs one at a time , beating well after each . Once all eggs are in , beat well at medium speed until batter is very light and fluffy ( a few minutes total ) .
6 . Add pumpkin to wet ingredients and beat until combined . Occasionally , scrape downsides of bowl so everything is incorporated .
7 . Turn speed to low and slowly mix in flour mixture- mix until just combined ( or muffins will get tough ) .
8 . Fill muffin tin about 3/4 full and sprinkle topping over batter .
9 . Bake for 30 minutes . Let cool in pan for 10 minutes and then transfer to wire rack or plate to cool completely .
10 . While muffins are cooling , make glaze : mix sugar and syrup well . Drizzle over cooled muffins . Let set . ( Does anyone ever let anything “ cool completely ” or “ let set ” ? Yeah , I did n't think so . )
When I first started training for marathons a little over ten years ago , my coach told me something I 've never forgotten : that I would need to learn how to be comfortable with being uncomfortable . I did n't know it at the time , but that skill , cultivated through running , would help me as much , if not more , off the road as it would on it .
It 's not just me , and it 's not just running . Ask anyone whose day regularly includes a hard bike ride , sprints in the pool , a complex problem on the climbing wall , or a progressive powerlifting circuit , and they 'll likely tell you the same : A difficult conversation just does n't seem so difficult anymore . A tight deadline not so intimidating . Relationship problems not so problematic .
Maybe it 's that if you 're regularly working out , you 're simply too tired to care . But that 's probably not the case . Research shows that , if anything , physical activity boosts short-term brain function and heightens awareness . And even on days they do n't train — which rules out fatigue as a factor — those who habitually push their bodies tend to confront daily stressors with a stoic demeanor . While the traditional benefits of vigorous exercise — like prevention and treatment of diabetes , heart disease , stroke , hypertension , and osteoporosis — are well known and often reported , the most powerful benefit might be the lesson that my coach imparted to me : In a world where comfort is king , arduous physical activity provides a rare opportunity to practice suffering .
Few hones this skill better than professional endurance and adventure athletes , who make a living withstanding conditions others can not . For my column with Outside Magazine , I 've had the privilege of interviewing the world 's top endurance and adventure athletes on the practices underlying their success . Regardless of sport , the most resounding theme , by far , is that they 've all learned how to embrace uncomfortable situations :
• Olympic marathoner Des Linden told me that at mile 20 of 26.2 , when the inevitable suffering kicks in , through years of practice she 's learned to stay relaxed and in the moment . She repeats the mantra : “ calm , calm , calm ; relax , relax , relax . ”
• World-champion big-wave surfer Nic Lamb says being uncomfortable , and even afraid , is a prerequisite to riding four-story waves . But he also knows it 's “ the path to personal development. ” He 's learned that while you can pull back , you can almost always push through . “ Pushing through is courage . Pulling back is regret , ” he says .
• Free-soloist Alex Honnold explains that , “ The only way to deal with [ pain ] is practice . [ I ] get used to it during training so that when it happens on big climbs , it feels normal . ”
• Evelyn Stevens , the women 's record holder for most miles cycled in an hour ( 29.81 – yes , that 's nuts ) , says that during her hardest training intervals , “ instead of thinking I want these to be over , I try to feel and sit with the pain . Heck , I even try to embrace it . ”
• Big-mountain climber Jimmy Chin , the first American to climb up — and then ski down — Mt . Everest 's South Pillar Route , told me an element of fear is there in everything he does , but he 's learned how to manage it : “ It 's about sorting out perceived risk from real risk , and then being as rational as possible with what 's left . ”
But you do n't need to scale massive vertical pitches or run five-minute miles to reap the benefits . Simply training for your first half marathon or CrossFit competition can also yield huge dividends that carry over into other areas of life . In the words of Kelly Starrett , one of the founding fathers of the CrossFit movement , “ Anyone can benefit from cultivating a physical practice. ” Science backs him up .
A study published in the British Journal of Health Psychology found that college students who went from not exercising at all to even a modest program ( just two to three gym visits per week ) reported a decrease in stress , smoking , alcohol and caffeine consumption , an increase in healthy eating and maintenance of household chores , and better spending and study habits . In addition to these real-life improvements , after two months of regular exercise , the students also performed better on laboratory tests of self-control . This led the researchers to speculate that exercise had a powerful impact on the students ' “ capacity for self-regulation. ” In laypeople 's terms , pushing through the discomfort associated with exercise — saying “ yes ” when their bodies and minds were telling them to say “ no ” — taught the students to stay cool , calm , and collected in the face of difficulty , whether that meant better managing stress , drinking less , or studying more .
For this reason , the author Charles Duhigg , in his 2012 bestseller The Power of Habit , calls exercise a “ keystone habit , ” or a change in one area life that brings about positive effects in other areas . Duhigg says keystone habits are powerful because “ they change our sense of self and our sense of what is possible. ” This explains why the charity Back on My Feet uses running to help individuals who are experiencing homelessness improve their situations . Since launching in 2009 , Back on My Feet has had over 5,500 runners , 40 percent of whom have gained employment after starting to run with the group and 25 percent of whom have found permanent housing . This is also likely why it 's so common to hear about people who started training for a marathon to help them get over a divorce or even the death of a loved one .
Another study , this one published in the European Journal of Applied Physiology , evaluated how exercise changes our physiological response to stress . Researchers at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology , in Germany , divided students into two groups at the beginning of the semester and instructed half to run twice a week for 20 weeks . At the end of the 20 weeks , which coincided with a particularly stressful time for the students — exams — the researchers had the students wear heart-rate monitors to measure their heart-rate variability , which is a common indicator of physiological stress ( the more variability , the less stress ) . As you might guess by now , the students who were enrolled in the running program showed significantly greater heart-rate variability . Their bodies literally were not as stressed during exams : They were more comfortable during a generally uncomfortable time .
What 's remarkable and encouraging about these studies is that the subjects were n't exercising at heroic intensities or volumes . They were simply doing something that was physically challenging for them – going from no exercise to some exercise ; one need not be an elite athlete or fitness nerd to reap the bulletproofing benefits of exercise .
Why does any of this matter ? For one , articles that claim prioritizing big fitness goals is a waste of time ( exhibit A : “ Do n't Run a Marathon ” ) are downright wrong . But far more important than internet banter , perhaps a broader reframing of exercise is in order . Exercise is n't just about helping out your health down the road , and it 's certainly not just about vanity . What you do in the gym ( or on the roads , in the ocean , etc . ) makes you a better , higher-performing person outside of it . The truth , cliché as it may sound , is this : When you develop physical fitness , you 're developing life fitness , too .
Brad Stulberg is a columnist for Outside Magazine , where he writes about health and the science of human performance . Follow him on Twitter @ Bstulberg .
On Monday , Rob Zombie shared a photo of himself on Facebook , posing with Suzuka Nakamoto ( Su-metal ) , Yui Mizuno ( Yuimetal ) , and Moa Kikuchi ( Moametal ) , who are collectively known as Babymetal . The Japanese band , Zombie , and numerous other bands including Slipknot , Scorpions , Lynyrd Synyrd , Megadeth , and Disturbed played at the Carolina Rebellion festival in Charlotte over the weekend .
As social media posts often do , the photo caught the attention of its share of trolls . Rob Zombie , who has developed something of a reputation for taking trolls down , responded accordingly . While some of the comments in question have already been deleted from the post , Metal Injection was fortunate enough to obtain a screenshot .
One guy said , “ I 'm a grown man , and this makes me want to cry . Baby Metal is a shameful embarrassment to anything metal . Their ( alleged ) music make me want to kill things . ”
Rob responded to that with , “ Hey they are nice kids out on the road touring . What are you doing besides being a grumpy old f— ? ”
Another person told Zombie , “ This is lame . I love you Rob , but shame on you . ”
Zombie responded to that by saying , “ They roll harder than you . ”
Rob told another hater , “ These three girls had more energy than 90 percent of the bands we play with . ”
Naturally , the whole thing generated plenty of comments , and while the hateful ones had their share of likes , a lot of Zombie 's fans commended the artist for sticking up for Babymetal . The band is apparently as big of fans of Rob Zombie as Rob Zombie is of theirs , as evidenced by this photo from their own Facebook page :
Babymetal are certainly no strangers to internet trolls and common haters . If you read any social media post or article about the band , there 's a reasonable chance you 'll see comments putting the teenage girls down ( two are 16 and the oldest is 18 ) . Even the author of the aforementioned Metal Injection post notes that every time that site posts about the band , it gets hate from “ metal elitists , ” though to be fair , this is pretty common for most bands on metal news sites .
The group earned praise from Daily News for a performance last week in New York . The publication referred to it as “ a sweet yet brutal show , ” adding that they took “ New York City by storm . ”
As alluded to earlier , Rob Zombie has experience shutting down trolls . Zombie made headlines last year when someone asked him on Facebook when he decided to become a hipster . His response , as seen in a screenshot shared by Spin , was to share the guy 's profile photo and tell him that he was in no condition to discuss what is hip .
According to Blabbermouth , Zombie 's new album The Electric Warlock Acid Witch Satanic Orgy Celebration Dispenser debuted at No . 6 on the Billboard 200 . This summer , Rob will hit the road with Korn for the Return of the Dreads Tour in what should be a throwback to when the two toured together back in 1999 under the Rock is Dead banner .
Zombie also has a new horror movie called 31 coming out in September . The film was crowdfunded and premiered at Sundance earlier this year . In what sounds like the kind of movie many would expect from Rob Zombie , it involves people being held captive by psychotic clowns and forced to play a murderous game called “ 31 . ”
31 will be the the seventh feature film from Zombie , following House of 1000 Corpses , The Devil 's Rejects , Halloween , Halloween II , The Haunted World of El Superbeasto , and 2012 's The Lords of Salem . From owning trolls and releasing new albums to co-headlining tours and new movie releases , nobody can say Rob Zombie is n't having a busy year .
[ Photo by Duane Prokop / Stringer/Getty Images ]
The Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ) , which is authorised to issue unique identification numbers ( Aadhaar ) to the citizens of India , is setting up a Centre of Competence for doing research in human fingerprint and iris patterns .
Speaking at the Financial Inclusion Conclave , 2014 , Ashok Dalwai , deputy director general -Bangalore region , said the centre would collaborate with other international centres to understand the related technology .
Its establishment is still under discussion and would be coming up in Bangalore , he told reporters on the sidelines of the meeting .
While the general conception is that the fingerprint or the iris patterns would not change over the time , the centre has to study it further to collect the data .
He added the was also planning to increase the last-mile connectivity in through This would ensure financial inclusion as well as reduce the pilferage in subsidies offered by the government .
R Thyagarajan , founder and chairman of Shriram Group , who was addressing the conclave , said that the promoting entrepreneurship is the ideal way for better financial inclusion and command and control as part of regulation is killing entrepreneurship .
He said that the institutions like chit funds and the micro finance institutions has contributed considerably to the financial inclusion and it was the entrepreneurship by a few individuals were majorly responsible for the financial inclusion .
SUPER SMASH BROS GAMEPLAY GUIDE
SUPER SMASH BROS GAMEPLAY GUIDE I absolutely love this game . As soon as I borrowed this game from a friend , I had to go out and buy one . The more I played the game , the more I fell in love with not only all the characters , but their moves . Each character is equipped with smash moves that will all you ( the gamer ) to boast about what you 've done to your friend ( in the game of course ) to he or she over dinner or lunch or a get-together . You 'll find yourself using your favorite characters most of the time , but then sway away to use other characters out of interest , improvement , and just boredom . This game will prepare you for the not only Super Smash Bros. Melee on the Gamecube , but also for the up and coming Smash Bros. Brawl for the Wii . If you 've never played this game before , you should stop what you 're doing and find one somewhere . I will almost guarantee that you 'll be hooked on this game . Not that staying up late or spending long hours playing a game with a bunch of friends is a bad thing , but it will be a likely result . The only negative aspect of this game I can think of is the throwing . Some people only throw the entire game , which takes away from the quality of the moves that can be performed , either through a combination of moves or just by performing a power or smash hit . Once you learn how to juggle , this will open your eyes to even more hours of gameplay . I hope this helps if you 've never played this or if you do agree to what i 've mentioned here .
Looking to upgrade your last-gen gaming console to an Xbox One ? You might want to head over to Best Buy .
The big box retailer is running a new promotion offering credit towards an Xbox One when you trade in any working Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 . The offer is only available in stores , so you 'll have to pack up your old console and head over to your local Best Buy to get the discount .
Here 's how it works : Trade in any working Xbox 360 or PS3 and Best Buy will give you a $ 75 coupon towards an Xbox One . If you hand over a 250GB Xbox 360 or PS3 Slim , you 'll get even more—a `` minimum '' $ 100 gift card .
To get the discount , your console needs to be in pretty good shape . Best Buy will only accept consoles that can actually power on , are not broken , and have a fully intact warranty seal . You also need to hand over the AC adapter/power cord .
The deal is n't available in all locations and some stores may have additional limitations , Best Buy said . It 's also not compatible with any other Best Buy trade-in offers , and there 's a limit of one trade per person . Head over to Best Buy 's website to find a participating store .
Meanwhile , when the Xbox One launched , one major point of contention for gamers was the lack of backwards compatability with Xbox 360 games . That 's all about to change , though , as Microsoft this week at E3 announced that Xbox 360 games will soon work on Xbox One .
Microsoft 's two-hour presser also featured plenty of gameplay trailers for upcoming titles . There was also a demo of Minecraft just for Microsoft 's HoloLens .
This week , Adobe patched a zero-day vulnerability ( CVE-2016-4171 ) used in targeted cyber-espionage attacks , which , according to Russian security vendor Kaspersky Lab , abused the Windows DDE protocol to deliver malware .
News broke out about the presence of this new zero-day on Tuesday , and two days later , Adobe released Flash Player version 22.0.0.192 to fix the zero-day and 35 other security bugs .
StarCruft APT currently conducting two cyber-espionage campaigns
Security firm Kaspersky Lab discovered the zero-day , and in its initial report , the company said the vulnerability was part of the arsenal of a cyber-espionage group they codenamed StarCruft .
The group had carried out multiple cyber-attacks , which the company was tracking as Operation Erebus and Operation Daybreak .
The zero-day was part of the more recent Operation Daybreak campaign , during which Kaspersky says the group also employed two other Adobe exploits ( CVE-2016-4117 and CVE-2016-0147 ) and an Internet Explorer exploit . For Operation Erebus , Kaspersky claimed the association used only CVE-2016-4117 , which was served through watering hole attacks .
Spear-phishing emails led users to exploit kits
In the case of Operation Daybreak , StarCruft used spear-phishing emails . These emails contained links that redirected targets to Web pages PDFs , but also hosting exploit kits .
When users accessed these URLs , the malicious websites would deliver three SWF files containing Flash exploits . The second SWF file in this chain carried the zero-day 's malicious code .
Kaspersky says the zero-day exploited the Flash code that parses the ExecPolicy metadata information . The crooks were feeding invalid values to a key-value store that led to an out-of-bounds memory corruption issue , allowing the attackers to execute code on the infected machine .
StarCruft was force-feeding victims a DLL named yay_release.dll , which the hackers would load in Flash Player . The malicious code found inside this DLL contained a routine for bypassing security products .
Second zero-day detected by Kaspersky this year
Threat actors were using the Windows DDE component to create a malicious subroutine , which antivirus products would n't be able to pick up .
Kaspersky explains that updates made earlier in the year to its security product allowed them to pick up the zero-day 's malicious routine . The company adds this is the second Flash zero-day their updated software was able to pick up this year alone after it previously detected CVE-2016-1010 .
Windows DDE stands for Dynamic Data Exchange and is a protocol that details methods for transferring data between applications .
For this particular case , Kaspersky notes the crooks used a never-before-seen DDE trick . StarCruft hackers were employing the malicious yay_release.dll to tell Windows DDE to create an LNK file , which they launched into execution .
This LNK file would execute a VBS script that would connect to a website and download a CAB file that contained a very rare trojan , used only in StarCruft attacks .
Zero-day used for over two-dozen attacks
The security vendor noted that StarCruft used the Flash zero-day to spy on targets such as a law enforcement agency in an Asian country , employees of one of the largest Asian trading companies , a restaurant located in Dubai 's biggest malls , and a mobile advertising company in the US . Additionally , the StarCruft APT also targeted members of the International Association of Athletics Federations .
`` Nowadays , in-the-wild Flash Player exploits are becoming rare . This is because in most cases they need to be coupled with a Sandbox bypass exploit , which makes them rather tricky , '' Kaspersky 's Costin Raiu and Anton Ivanov concluded in a recent blog post breaking down the latest zero-day .
`` Additionally , Adobe has been doing a great job at implementing new mitigations to make exploitation of Flash Player more and more difficult , '' the two also point out .
Kaspersky has also informed Microsoft of the Windows DDE attack . It is worth noting that while the DDE exploit managed to bypass some AV software , Microsoft EMET was able to detect and counteract the attack .
Sport Manitoba 's planned destruction of the Smart-Bag Co. Building has left a city wondering just why they have a historical buildings committee and building conservation by-laws anymore.The 126-year-old warehouse will not be making way for a fieldhouse ( essentially , a gymnasium ) any time soon , but a surface parking lot where a fieldhouse might go in the future . Currently , Sport Manitoba does not have any money to build any kind of fieldhouse . They do , however , apparently have the funds to tear down this building and use its site as a temporary surface parking lot . ( But as photographer Bryan Scott reminds us , there is nothing more permanent than a temporary parking lot in downtown Winnipeg . ) As far as optics are concerned , a surface parking lot in a mostly-vacant corner of the city is n't quite the `` public amenity '' that a fieldhouse would be . But just as demolishing a perfectly fine building that was totally occupied a year ago is n't as easy to justify as one that is `` unsafe , '' it is n't easy to demolish buildings for parking lots as it would be for a new gym that Exchange residents could use . Sports Manitoba might be a non-profit , but they sure know how to sell.The map below shows the extent of Winnipeg 's built-up area in 1884 , the year that the first part of the Smart-Bag Building was constructed on Alexander Avenue . In 1884 , the city only expanded as far west as Isabel and Kennedy Streets , as far north as Point Douglas , and `` South End '' meant Broadway.The map is only to put into perspective the age of this building in relation to the rest of the city . But history is not reason enough to keep old buildings from falling , and surface parking lots from proliferating throughout the city centre . While the Smart-Bag is ( or was ) a heritage building , this is not a heritage issue . It is an issue of what kind of centre Winnipeg will have : a downsized , decentralized wasteland dominated by parking lots and `` new unurban urbanization ( thanks again , Jane Jacobs ) , '' or a modest city that still contains the seeds of its own , slow regeneration , wants to one day see people on the sidewalks again , and does n't destroy itself quite so willingly .
As the Pioneering Spirit prepares for a record-breaking lift for Shell , we look at its role in cleaning up the North Sea
Festooned with cranes , oil pipelines and manned by a crew of several hundred , the Pioneering Spirit sits in the port of Rotterdam like a giant marine version of a forklift truck .
Next month this vessel , one of the world 's largest ships , will arrive in the North Sea and attempt to remove the 24,500-tonne top of a Shell oil rig installed during the oil boom years of the 1970s . If successful it will be the heaviest ever single lift of a rig 's “ topside ” , and only the second by this purpose-built $ 3bn ( £2.4bn ) ship .
More than 100 rigs are due to be decommissioned in UK and Norwegian waters over the next 10 years at a cost of billions to oil companies and taxpayers . The dismantling of the Delta rig in the Brent oil field is not the first such job in the UK but is believed to be the biggest .
North Sea oil is in its death throes . But the industry has one last grand act left | Ian Jack Read more
“ If you remember back to the 1970s , there was not a lot of thought to decommissioning , or recycling and sustainability , ” said Alistair Hope , general manager for Shell 's Brent decommissioning project . He described the field as a “ prolific national asset ” , having produced £20bn in tax for the Treasury over its lifetime .
Shell , burned in 1995 by the furore over its decision to sink the Brent Spar storage buoy at sea , is acutely aware of the need for the clean-up to go smoothly .
Hope called the task of decommissioning the field an “ enormous challenge ” , due to its remote location – the closest railway station is in Bergen , Norway , nearly 150 miles away – and complex nature of the installation .
In preparation for next month 's operation machines have been used to cut Delta 's 18-metre diameter concrete legs above the water line . Workers have welded and strengthened the topside so it does not disintegrate when picked up .
In the past , the idea of removing such a huge structure in one go would have been unthinkable .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Pioneering Spirit leaves Rotterdam for trials
However , the Pioneering Spirit is the product of decades of work by Allseas , its Dutch-Swiss owner and one of the world 's two biggest oil pipeline laying companies . The unique design of the ship , built over three years in a South Korean shipyard , will be key to removing Delta and the other rigs among the 470 North Sea oil and gas installations in UK waters .
The scale of the vessel is dizzying . Six jumbo jets long , it is powered by eight engines . At the stern , welders are training in preparation for the next job after Brent – that of laying a gas pipeline from Russia to Turkey .
Towards the bow are eight pairs of arms , weighing 2,000 tonnes each . Inside , they are crammed with bespoke hydraulic pumps , compressors and other equipment .
Once the ship has aligned itself with the Delta rig , huge pistons will push the arms , one at a time , underneath the topside . A GPS system and 12 propellers will make minute adjustments that in theory should keep the ship in place whatever the wind and waves throw at it .
The arms will be attached to the rig 's topside , taking about 80 % of its weight . Finally , the rig will be removed with a “ fast lift ” , akin to a snatch by a weightlifter .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Interview with Duncan Manning of Shell
Edward Heerema , president of Allseas , said : “ The fast lift is to make sure you do n't have a reimpact of the topside on the base , which you might have with a big wave . It is done with a tremendous amount of compressed air . ”
The whole process is overseen and controlled by just a handful of people on the Pioneering Spirit 's bridge , monitoring activity with numerous cameras and sensors .
But while the ship 's first lift of a Norwegian platform last year was performed successfully and safely , crew aboard the vessel also admit there were teething problems later fixed .
Shell and Allseas are confident they have kept any risk on Delta to a minimum . They have done two test lifts on a mini-rig off the Dutch coast , once in clement August weather and another in November swells last year .
“ We 've worked on preparations for such a long time , we do n't see a spot to worry particularly about . Of course , when things go wrong they come from an unexpected angle , ” said Heerema . At worst he anticipates a delay of a day or so . The lift operation , if all goes well , should take a day .
Ultimately , the metal from Delta is destined to arrive on about 12 May at a Hartlepool scrapyard run by Able UK . Peter Stephenson , the demolition company 's founder , has spent £28m strengthening the quay where about 50 workers will spend a year recycling 97 % of the metal .
Not everyone is so happy about the Brent plans . Green groups including WWF and Greenpeace this week warned of “ insufficient information ” from Shell and a failure to adhere to international standards set up in the wake of the Brent Spar incident . The company says it will listen – but it looks unlikely to change course .
Contrary to the opinions of some feminists , I believe that men do have a role within feminism and that this role is , in fact , not so complicated and need not offend everyone . There are a few things which men need to recognise if they are to supplement the feminist movement . The first is that they – I mean we – are not representatives of female feminists , nor can we ever fully understand or embody the challenges which women face on an everyday basis within society . And we should not pretend to either . That 's not what being a male feminist is about .
To be a feminist of any gender is to be someone who wants to fight against the patriarchy , and that 's something which men can support too . If this battle is won at the expense of an identity crisis for men then fine , that 's actually a good thing as men need to reconsider their place in society as one which does not consist of masculine dominance , bravado and the protection of women .
Indeed , this last point on protection is often the dividing line between men who think that they are feminists , and those who actually are effective male feminists . Men who think that they are feminists are often those who stick up for women and women 's rights out of a patriarchal , traditional obligation to protect women . While men may intervene on behalf of women in order to protect them from abuse , the end result is a subtle reinforcement of the patriarchy we already experience – women are still ‘ liberated ' and protected by men and at the whims of men .
We can see this in the case of ‘ dude feminism ' , with campaigns featuring famous faces such as Justin Timberlake condemning abuses towards women in prostitution and sex work . However , the sentiment in these campaigns is often that ‘ real ' men do n't buy women , they protect them . And so , instead of being a humanitarian message against attacks on women , it is a patriarchal message against abuse , one which seeks to re-mould men to make them more socially acceptable but , ultimately , still superior to women as their protectors .
That is not how being a male feminist works .
It 's not just about being someone who opposes the patriarchy for the sake of men 's own problems either . Yes , men suffer from the patriarchy too by being forced to conform to macho standards of self-control , strength and power . ‘ Effeminate ' or ‘ weak ' male identities are opposed and looked down upon . Whether you are ‘ nerdy ' , skinny or overweight , a fan of the colour pink , or a member of a sexual minority , you , as a man , are oppressed by the patriarchy for failing to be a sporty or wealthy , powerful , straight male leader .
These issues of gendering and masculinity are real issues , but they are a side problem within feminism , not its primary goal . The issues of masculinity will be solved by feminists in their efforts against the patriarchy , but their primary aim is , always has been and always should be , the liberation of women . Men need to realise how they can be some of the most significant actors in this process .
There are 3 ways in which I think that men can achieve this as feminists .
The first is that men can not be leaders of the feminist movement . While men wanting to put forward ideas and contribute to discussion can be positive , they can not aspire to become heads of feminist societies or groups . Men ought to act more as pro-feminist allies than as leaders .
This links back to the notion of protection I mentioned earlier . Women are not to be liberated by men , for that would be a false liberation such as that promoted by ‘ dude feminism ' and Justin Timberlake . Instead , women must liberate themselves and lead their own feminist societies , while men should aim to listen and cooperate within these movements .
Secondly , the word listen is key for men operating within the feminist movement . Rows and arguments arise when men try to dominate discussion , or insist that their ideas be heard over others . The line between contributing to discussion and endeavouring to dominate it can be a fine one – one which I hope to tread carefully with this article , partly by aiming it at men rather than telling women how to run their feminist movement .
The idea that feminism is a movement owned and led by women is central to both of these aims , but it is acutely central to the third – that men must make space for feminism , not demand space from it .
The greatest problem with many male feminists is that they demand that the feminist movement take notice of them , and then complain when feminist societies & groups reject their input .
This can happen because they fail to meet the two requirements I have just listed , and are being too forceful in their input . Or feminist societies may be uncomfortable with men barging into a group which is inherently a space for women in their collective effort to liberate women from men . Such motives are often understandable and men need to appreciate that often their membership is problematic and not wanted .
Instead , the role of male feminists is to recognise that , as a man , they already have access to spheres of power and influence that women do not . The idea that men complain about not always being welcome in feminism when , as men , they have already got superior access to everything else often comes across as blinkered and insensitive . Thus , the role of male feminists is to utilise their access to these areas by discouraging sexism & encouraging female membership and enthusiasm .
A good example of how men and boys could make space for feminism is in video gaming . Online gaming is often a boys-only , cliquey and misogynist atmosphere , as explored in Kirsty Wark 's documentary Blurred Lines and on Jenny Haniver 's website Not in the Kitchen Anymore .
You , dear male reader , can encourage change within male-orientated groups , such as gaming , by discouraging sexism amongst your friends and peers , encouraging women to get involved , and supporting women who suffer abuse online . These are often little actions which make a big difference in the long-term , making more feminist spaces through the actions of male pro-feminist allies .
However , we must avoid adopting the patronising or protective stance when making space for feminism in male-dominated sections of society . Men ought to create avenues for women to access these spaces so that they can continue to lead change themselves . Our job , as men , is then to know when to step aside and work as the allies of women .
That , for me , is our role within feminism .
DO WOOL DRYER BALLS WORK ?
Yes , wool dryer balls work by bouncing around in your dryer and separating clothes , which allows extra warm air to circulate through all your clothing . The wool balls help fluff your laundry and decrease wrinkles .
They work much like a masseuse for your clothing and basically massage the laundry to make it softer .
For the frugal of us use of wool balls also purpose an excellent way to save money while being healthier in the process .
THE PROBLEM WITH DRYER SHEETS
Out of all the gallons of toxic household cleaning products in your home , dryer sheets are considered to be one of the most toxic . Dryer sheets add many toxic chemicals to your body and laundry . Just to name a few
Alpha-Terpineol : can cause headaches , respiratory problems , and central nervous damage . Limonene : A carcinogen that irritates eyes and skin . Camphor : Easily absorbed through the skin causes Center nervous disorders . Chloroform : A carcinogenic neuro toxin . Benzyl acetate : Linked to pancreatic cancer .
____________________________________________________________________
WHY WOOL INSTEAD OF OTHER DRYER BALL ?
OK now we know why dryer sheets are bad , but why can we not use other dryer balls ? Tennis balls as well as the plastic PVC balls will coat your laundry with chemical scents from the commercial products they are made with . When heated p lastic releases all sorts of awful chemicals . Not only will these left behind chemicals leave an unappealing smell . For obvious reason wearing clothing coated in chemicals is horrible for your skin as well . Wool dryer balls on the other hand are all natural and chemical-free .
____________________________________________________________________
REPLACE DRYER SHEETS WITH WOOL DRYER BALLS ?
Wool balls not only do what your dryer sheets can , they also do more . They pull moisture directly out of your garments so you do not have to run your dryer quite as long . The higher number of dryer balls you have in each load , the shorter the drying time will be .
Just one set of wool dryer balls , a set includes 6 balls , will guarantee you use for 1000 loads . Just like a dryer sheet minus all the chemicals dryer balls will reduce static and eliminate wrinkles .
Made of 100 % wool dryer balls are extremely durable and over time becomes more like `` felt '' softening loads of laundry .
____________________________________________________________________
HOW TO USE WOOL DRYER BALLS
Depending on the size of the load determines how many dryer balls to use . I normally use all 6 dryer balls , larger loads I 'll use 8 . The larger the load the more balls needed so they can circulate through the layers of clothes allowing warm air to more easily circulate between layers . Thus cutting drying times at least 25 % . Saving you time and energy . ____________________________________________________________________
WHERE TO FIND DRYER BALLS
Wool Dryer balls are difficult to find in local stores . This is mainly due to the lack demand from the general public . Of course , this may change as more and more people read information such as this post and realize the benefits of going wool . So please share this article with on social media and get the word out . For now , we can find still find good deals online .
These New Zealand Wool Dryer Balls at the time of this post is as good of a deal you can find . Handmade with 100 % organic wool with none of those chemicals we talked about before . They are not only cheap but are made great and last a long time as well . ____________________________________________________________________
FINAL THOUGHTS
Photos from the shortlist of winners of the 2013 Sony World Photography Awards . Some stunning shots in there .
Edith , Hellrider , and Dadmonster pose for a photograph . In Botswana , heavy metal music has landed . Metal groups are now performing in nightclubs , concerts , festivals . The ranks of their fans have expanded dramatically . These fans wear black leather pants and jackets , studded belts , boots and cowboy hats . On their t-shirts stand out skulls , obscenities , historical covers of hard-rock groups popular in the seventies and eighties , such as Iron Maiden , Metallica , and AC/DC . They have created their own style , inspired by classic metal symbolism , but also borrowing heavily from the iconography of western films and the traditional rural world of Botswana . Their nicknames , Gunsmoke , Rockfather , Carrott Warmachine , Hellrider , Hardcore , Dignified Queen , may appear subversive and disturbing as their clothing , but they are peaceful and gentle . “ We like to get dressed , , drink meet friends and feel free , this music is so powerful . We are lucky to live in a country tolerant and open ” argues one of the leaders . A precious rarity for Africa .
Botswanian heavy metal fans and other great selections from the 2013 Sony World Photography Awards
The Secret History of Wonder Woman . By Jill Lepore . Knopf ; 448 pages ; $ 29.95 . Scribe ; £20 . Buy from Amazon.com , Amazon.co.uk
WONDER WOMAN appeared just as America entered the second world war in December 1941 . With her skimpy , star-spangled shorts , red bustier , tiara and kinky , knee-high boots , she was an instant hit . Of the thousands of comic-book characters created in the 1940s only Superman and Batman were more popular . Although her star has since waned , Wonder Woman has never ceased solving crimes and triumphing over baddies .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Now , thanks to a new book by Jill Lepore , her secrets and , more intriguingly , those of her creators , are out—and quite unexpected . “ The Secret History of Wonder Woman ” is not just her history , but a story of feminism and birth control , with a Bohemian ménage-à-trois at its heart .
Ms Lepore is a Harvard historian and journalist . In 2011 she wrote “ Birthright ” , an essay for the New Yorker about the early politicisation of contraceptives and abortion . While researching that piece she began unpicking the loose threads at Wonder Woman 's seams .
DC Comics launched Wonder Woman partly in response to a backlash by concerned parents against the violence endemic in comics like Superman , whose origins lay in science fiction , and Batman , which grew out of detective novels . Her creator was an eccentric consulting psychologist , William Moulton Marston . “ Not even girls want to be girls , ” he wrote in his pitch to DC Comics , “ so long as our feminine archetype lacks force , strength , power…Women 's strong qualities have become despised because of their weak ones. ” Wonder Woman was to be the magic bullet who , without bullets , would silence comics ' critics and , as Marston put it in 1945 , act as “ psychological propaganda for the new type of woman who , I believe , should rule the world . ”
Marston ( who wrote as Charles Moulton ) became a staunch feminist while at Harvard . The Men 's League for Woman 's Suffrage had just been formed . Florence Kelley , a minimum-wage campaigner , and Emmeline Pankhurst , with her militant brand of universal suffrage— “ Deeds , not words ” —were beginning to influence American suffragists . They came to speak to the students .
Marston married a fellow feminist , Sadie Holloway . ( When she told her father she wanted to go to university , he said : “ As long as I am able to keep you in gingham aprons I think you should be content to stay at home with your Mother ” . She studied law at Boston University , one of three women in her class . ) The marriage ended only with Marston 's death from cancer in 1947 , but decades earlier he had fallen in love with Olive Byrne , the niece of Margaret Sanger , a birth-control campaigner . Holloway was given a choice : accept Byrne into her home and marriage or Marston would leave her . The family raised four children ; Marston and Holloway told people Byrne was the live-in governess .
Marston clearly believed in women 's rights—when Wonder Woman got her own stand-alone magazine it included a pull-out section with biographies of exceptional women such as Susan B. Anthony and Florence Nightingale . But his was an unusual brand of feminism . “ Hardly a page ” , Ms Lepore writes , “ lacked a scene of bondage . In episode after episode , Wonder Woman is chained , bound , gagged , lassoed , tied , fettered and manacled. ” Suddenly she began to appear a little less family friendly . Complaints were made , but Marston was resolute . “ The secret of woman 's allure ” , he apparently told Gaines , his boss , is that “ women enjoy submission—being bound. ” It will be interesting to see how DC Comics will handle such sentiments in the new Wonder Woman films they recently announced .
Conor McGregor and Nate Diaz are sitting on a very good amount of money following their UFC 202 rematch .
McGregor set the UFC record for the highest disclosed pay earning $ 3 million and Diaz upped his pay in the rematch earning $ 2 million .
On top of their disclosed pay , Yahoo backed up Big Brand Boys report that the two UFC stars are making a lot more from pay-per-view points and sponsorships .
From Big Brand Boys :
Conor McGregor Total UFC 202 Estimated Pay Fight purse : $ 3 million . Reebok Sponsorship money : $ 250.000 . PPV Share : $ 11.5 million . Fight of the night bonus : $ 50.000 . Show money for his Vegas afterparty : $ 250.000 estimated . Nate Diaz Total UFC 202 Estimated Pay Fight purse : $ 2 million . Reebok Sponsorship money : $ 250.000 . PPV Share : $ 10.5 million . Fight of the night bonus : $ 50.000 . Show money for his Vegas afterparty : $ 150.000 estimated .
According to the report , Diaz did not earn a share of pay-per-view sales from UFC 196 but played his cards right in the negotiations with the UFC for the rematch .
Crazy to see where Nate Diaz is at now as prior to the first fight with McGregor at UFC 196 , Nate earned $ 40,000 in disclosed pay for his fight with Michael Johnson .
Airborne Settles Suit over False Claims
toggle caption Airborne , Inc .
Makers of the herbal supplement Airborne have agreed to pay $ 23.3 million in a class-action lawsuit over false advertising . David Schardt , a senior nutritionist with the Center for Science in the Public Interest , says it 's just one battle in his efforts to prevent companies from making misleading claims .
The spread of Airborne has been something of a national phenomenon , with hopeful consumers reaching for the product that said , `` It 's the one designed by a school teacher . ''
But it 's also the one , Schardt says , that 's been misleading consumers for 10 years . First , he says , Airbone entered the market claiming that its formula — a result of research by second-grade teacher Victoria Knight-McDowell — could ward off colds . Airborne later backed off , reworking its campaign to say the supplement `` boosts your immune system . ''
The problem , Schardt says , is that Airborne did n't have a single shred of evidence to back up either claim . And that 's why Schardt was so passionate about leading a class-action lawsuit against the company .
In a recent ruling , science won — but only to a degree , Schardt says . Airborne is admitting no missteps but has agreed to refund the purchase price to people who can show they purchased the tablets . `` Defendants deny any wrongdoing or illegal conduct but have agreed to settle the litigation , '' reads a website set up to give information about the suit .
Consumers are still likely to be misled by the product , Schardt says . He and his teams searched for anyone who had studied Airborne 's combination of herbs and vitamins . The company had pointed to one research effort , but that was later revealed to be a two-person project paid for by Airborne . `` It was so bad , '' Schardt says . `` The company would n't let anyone see it . ''
Schardt hopes the lessons of Airborne will discourage companies from making claims `` until they have evidence that the product works . ''
What about the many people who swear by Airborne ? Anecdotal evidence is n't enough , Schardt says . He says drugs need to offer better results than the placebo effect , where on average one out of three people will say a sugar pill helped them .
Take vitamin C if you want to boost your immune system , Schardt says . That supplement has been examined extensively , in over 30 studies , with thousands of people all over the world . And the value of the perennial cold treatment ? `` It does n't work , '' Schardt says .
Got a story about your own experience with Airborne ? Let us know here .
Surprise ! We 're making ourselves look silly on social media . Again .
The selfie-snapping crowd is well aware of the controversial use of duckface — a pursing of the lips sometimes combined with a sly , droopy bedroom eye . Now that duckface 's secret is out , no one wants to use it anymore , and we have to replace it with something else .
See also : 14 Extreme Selfies That Push Duck Face Off a Cliff
Cue the latest trend sweeping Instagram : the surprised face . It 's like duckface 2.0 in that you do exactly the opposite of what you would when duckfacing .
A photo posted by Andrea Romano ( @ theandrearomano ) on Jan 20 , 2015 at 10:33am PST
When you do surprise face , you open your eyes wide , giving a `` smize '' that would rival even the likes of Tyra Banks on America 's Next Top Model . Then , combine that with a half-open , smiling mouth . Just pretend someone told you a really juicy secret about you boss . Are you shocked , but also immensely entertained ? Exactly .
The benefits of this fake surprised face are numerous :
Opening up your eyes to the point of bugging out makes them look bigger , and less like you 're in desperate need of a 2:30 p.m. nap . You can smile without making your face all wrinkly , as human faces tend to be . An open mouth actually makes your lips look fuller . Leaving your mouth open elongates your face , and makes it look slimmer .
The final secret benefit seems like you 're constantly being followed by paparazzi — even though you have no idea how they got so close to your face — but still want to give them a cute , sultry photo . Of course , the paparazzo is just you .
Surprised Face Selfies
The surprise face is just one look from of the ever-evolving world of Instagram photography . There is a slew of default faces out there for the selfie-obsessed to try . Check them out , below :
Direct drive wheels are as popular as never before in the sim racing community . Many different wheelbases from many different manufacturers are available , SimXperience is one of them . The SimXperience Accuforce Pro was very popular due to , of course , its performance and the fact that it offered a very complete and stress-free package . Now , SimXperience has announced version 2 of the AccuForce Pro and you even have the chance to become a pre-release tester .
SimXperience AccuForce Pro V2 ?
Compared to the original AccuForce Pro , version 2 does not really differ too much from its predecessor . There are some differences though : The slip ring / USB hub , the motor enclosure has been redesigned and most importantly the price has been dropped .
Three different packages of the SimXperience AccuForce Pro V2 will be available :
AccuForce Pro V2 “ Complete ” ( $ 1299 )
AccuForce Pro V2 “ Your Way ” ( $ 899+ )
AccuForce V2 DIY ( $ 704 )
Many of you will be happy to see that prices have dropped by $ 450 – $ 700 and whilst saving money none of the wheels performance has to be sacrificed .
Here is what SimXperience had to say regarding the price :
By optimizing our supply chain , increasing our purchase volumes , removing the slip ring / USB hub and giving the motor enclosure a fresh new look , we 're able to offer the V2 at $ 450- $ 700 less than the V1 ( $ 1749 ) without compromising performance .
Want to try it out ?
Then you are in luck . SimXperience will choose five sim racers who will receive SimXperience AccuForce Pro V2 for testing . Shpping and a $ 699 refundable deposit + tax have to be paid by the tester and SimXperience expects testers to dedicate themselves to the process so they that can give useful feedback .
If you want to become one of the testers , you can apply right here .
There has been no word on a possible release date yet .
I have spent most of the past 15 years in the dark side of the rising sun . Until three years ago , I was a crime reporter for the Yomiuri Shimbun , Japan 's largest newspaper , and covered a roster of characters that included serial killers who doubled as pet breeders , child pornographers who abducted junior high-school girls , and the John Gotti of Japan .
I came to Japan in 1988 at age 19 , spent most college living in a Zen Buddhist temple , and then became the first U.S. citizen hired as a regular staff writer for a Japanese newspaper in Japanese . If you know anything about Japan , you 'll realize how bizarre this is -- a gaijin , or foreigner , covering Japanese cops . When I started the beat in the early 1990s , I knew nothing about the yakuza , a.k.a . the Japanese mafia . But following their prostitution rings and extortion rackets became my life .
Most Americans think of Japan as a law-abiding and peaceful place , as well as our staunch ally , but reporting on the underworld gave me a different perspective . Mobs are legal entities here . Their fan magazines and comic books are sold in convenience stores , and bosses socialize with prime ministers and politicians . And as far as the United States is concerned , Japan may be refueling U.S. warships at sea , but it 's not helping us fight our own battles against organized crime -- a realization that led to my biggest scoop .
I loved my job . The cops fighting organized crime are hard-drinking iconoclasts -- many look like their mobster foes , with their black suits and slicked-back hair . They 're outsiders in Japanese society , and perhaps because I was an outsider too , we got along well . The yakuza 's tribal features are also compelling , like those of an alien life form : the full-body tattoos , missing digits and pseudo-family structure . I became so fascinated that , like someone staring at a wild animal , I got too close and now am worried for my life . But more on that later .
The Japanese National Police Agency ( NPA ) estimates that the yakuza have almost 80,000 members . The most powerful faction , the Yamaguchi-gumi , is known as `` the Wal-Mart of the yakuza '' and reportedly has close to 40,000 members . In Tokyo alone , the police have identified more than 800 yakuza front companies : investment and auditing firms , construction companies and pastry shops . The mobsters even set up their own bank in California , according to underworld sources .
Over the last seven years , the yakuza have moved into finance . Japan 's Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission has an index of more than 50 listed companies with ties to organized crime . The market is so infested that Osaka Securities Exchange officials decided in March that they would review all listed companies and expel those found to have links with the yakuza . If you think this has nothing to do with the United States , think again . Americans have billions of dollars in the Japanese stock market . So U.S. investors could be funding the Japanese mob .
I once asked a detective from Osaka why , if Japanese law enforcement knows so much about the yakuza , the police do n't just take them down . `` We do n't have a RICO Act , '' he explained . `` We do n't have plea-bargaining , a witness-protection program or witness-relocation program . So what we end up doing most of the time is just clipping the branches . . . . If the government gave us the tools , we 'd shut them down , but we do n't have 'em . ''
In the good old days , the yakuza made most of their money from sleaze : prostitution , drugs , protection money and child pornography . Kiddie porn is still part of their base income -- and another area where Japan is n't acting like America 's friend .
In 1999 , my editors assigned me to cover the Tokyo neighborhood that includes Kabukicho , Japan 's largest red-light district . Japan had recently outlawed child pornography -- reluctantly , after international pressure left officials no choice . But the ban , which is still in effect , had a major flaw : It criminalized producing and selling child pornography , not owning it . So the big-money industry goes on , unabated . Last month 's issue of a widely available porn magazine proclaimed , `` Our Cover Girl Is Our Youngest Yet : 14 ! '' Kabukicho remains loaded with the stuff , and teenage sex workers are readily available . I 've even seen specialty stores that sell the underwear worn by teenage strippers .
The ban is so weak that investigating yakuza who peddle child pornography is practically impossible . `` The United States has referred hundreds of . . . cases to Japanese law enforcement authorities , '' a U.S. embassy spokesman recently told me . `` Without exception , U.S. officials have been told that the Japanese police can not open an investigation because possession is legal . '' In 2007 , the Internet Hotline Center in Japan identified more than 500 local sites displaying child pornography .
There 's talk in Japan of criminalizing simple possession , but some political parties ( and publishers , who are raking in millions ) oppose the idea . U.S. law enforcement officers want to stop the flow of yakuza-produced child porn into the United States and would support such a law . But they ca n't even keep the yakuza themselves out of the country . Why ? Because the national police refuse to share intelligence . Last year , a former FBI agent told me that , in a decade of conferences , the NPA had turned over the names and birthdates of about 50 yakuza members . `` Fifty out of 80,000 , '' he said .
This lack of cooperation was partly responsible for an astonishing deal made with the yakuza , and for the story that changed my life . On May 18 , 2001 , the FBI arranged for Tadamasa Goto -- a notorious Japanese gang boss , the one that some federal agents call the `` John Gotti of Japan '' -- to be flown to the United States for a liver transplant .
ATHENS—For Babis Bilinis , the legacy of the 2004 Athens Olympics is this depressing walk to the Aegean Sea . Carefully , first , across the four lanes of a road that still lacks the pedestrian crossing the government promised . Across the tracks of the light-rail line that runs where the beach used to begin . Under a low bridge , past the homeless Roma who spend their days in its shadows , into the abandoned 25,000-square-metre patch of dirt and scrub that used to be sea .
The padlocked Tae Kwon Do Olympic stadium stands as a forlorn reminder of the 2004 Games ' mixed legacy . ( PETROS GIANNAKOURIS / AP FILE PHOTO )
Finally , down two steep steps , to the cement waterfront boardwalk that leads toward the Games ' 9,600-seat beach volleyball stadium — which has also been abandoned , weeds growing unchecked through its once-pristine sand , bird droppings staining its concourses , its folding seats flapping in the coastal breeze . You can walk right in . The Greek government wanted to build other Games venues on this reclaimed seaside property beside the volleyball stadium . After a fight from Bilinis ' community activist group , the government plunked the buildings elsewhere , then erected a fence around the prime land . In 2006 , Bilinis ' group and hundreds of supporters tore the fence down . But save for the Roma and a few hardy recreational fishermen , the land remains unused — like numerous other Olympic facilities and properties in Athens . The 6,500-capacity table tennis and rhythmic gymnastics hall , which a developer has long planned to turn into a shopping mall , is still closed . The 8,100-capacity taekwondo arena , which officials talked of turning into a convention centre , is rented a few days per year for political conventions , concerts and Disney on Ice . The badminton hall was turned into a theatre — but a court has ruled the building illegal and ordered it demolished .
Article Continued Below
And the huge five-venue Olympic Park on the site of the old airport is surrounded by a chain-link fence . On a June weekday , you could n't get past a security guard if you did n't have a ticket to an Evanescence concert being held in the fencing arena . “ Our Olympic Games did not help Greece at all , ” Bilinis said in an interview . “ They did not help local communities . They did not help the development of the surrounding areas . They only helped the construction companies. ” This is an exaggeration . Eight years after the jubilation of 2004 , it is also a common sentiment . The total cost of the Games was probably somewhere between $ 10 billion and $ 15 billion , but nobody knows the real number . Though Olympics spending contributed only marginally to Greece 's debt woes — as of early this year , government debt exceeded $ 450 billion — the stadiums dotting the city are among the most visible symbols of the excess and mismanagement that got the country into its fiscal mess . Even Greeks who tout the infrastructure improvements lament the post-Games opportunities the government failed to seize .
“ It turned Athens , I think , into a very modern city . . . but a lot of things could 've happened that could 've helped Greece be better off , run better as a country , that were n't done . And I feel very disappointed , ” said Sakis Kostaris , a former Paralympic swimmer who worked as a communications manager for the 2004 organizing committee . “ I think a lot of opportunities were lost . And I think they were lost because most of the politicians did n't care about it — they did n't think that a plan for the day after tomorrow was necessary . There was no strategic plan in terms of reaping the benefits after the Games . I think a lot of people are angry about the fact that the people who were in charge did n't do their job very well . ”
Article Continued Below
Post-Olympics tourism promotion was insufficient , Kostaris said . Skilled expatriate professionals who returned to Greece to help organize the Games were not encouraged to remain in the country to work on other vital initiatives . And then there are those forlorn stadiums . Even the ones that are open and functioning — leaking roofs and all — cost “ huge amounts , ” Kostaris said , to rent for domestic competitions . Given the unpopularity of many Olympic sports in Greece , most of the stadiums should have been either temporary structures or much smaller , critics say . But sporting federations pushed Greece to spend freely , said one Athens 2004 organizer who requested anonymity , and Greece was determined to show the world that a small country renowned for its disorganization was capable of world-class things . “ I was involved with the ( 2000 ) Sydney Games also , ” said Achilleas Tsogas , who managed the judo competition in Athens . “ In my sport , they were using an exhibition hall . In Athens , it was a venue built for wrestling and judo . The people of the federation said it was the greatest they ever had . But what happened next , we all know. ” The arena , he said , is only now going to be put to use again . The government was forced to spend more on security after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks . It did not have to spend more than $ 200 million on a dysfunctional “ C4I ” security system that was not actually used . The fiasco led to bribery allegations . “ I believe that the cost of the Games was too high and that politicians and companies earned a lot offering nothing , ” said Babis Stamatakis , who was a risk-management project manager for the organizing committee . Stamatakis also believes that infrastructure projects like the subway system and a new ring road “ really offered a new level of everyday life in Athens. ” Even if the venue plans were needlessly grandiose , hundreds of millions could have been saved with better execution . After years of political delay , the costs for overtime and materials ballooned as workers scrambled to complete venues mere weeks before the Games began . “ A lot of the works were done in such speed and haste they cost a lot more than they should have . I 'm not happy , ” Greek Olympic Committee president Spyros Capralos told the Guardian earlier this year . Capralos did not respond to the Star 's requests for comment by the Star 's publication deadline . There was no response at all from the state-owned company that is supposed to sell or develop former Olympic properties — whose job has become nearly impossible . The government could no doubt have unloaded the sites in 2005 or 2006 , when its economy was growing at a rate above the European average . Today , in the fifth year of an ever-deepening recession , investors are nowhere to be found . Of course , Athens is far from the only Olympic host to produce white elephants and big debts . As Greeks repeatedly reminded a Canadian journalist , Montreal did , too . Even the heralded Sydney Games generated far fewer concrete benefits than Australian politicians had predicted . Australian runner Cathy Freeman told the BBC that the true legacy of those Games was the “ stories people have to tell that can be passed on from generation to generation. ” Many Greeks make a similar case for the Athens Games . For one brief moment in time , an individualistic and politically fractious country came together for a common cause and basked in the same international praise . Even eight years on , even in an economic crisis , warm feelings linger . “ It was a great experience for any sportsman , ” said Tsogas , a former national judo team member . “ And I still hear people who were volunteers tell me it 's the greatest thing they will do in their lives . So : it cost a lot of money , but can I say it was bad ? No . ”
Read more about :
The Cliffs : Mastery can be attained by those who are willing to put in the blood sweat and years . To attain Mastery you must learn to respect the foundation , and you must learn to fall in love with the process . You can accelerate your rate of growth with the right mentor , no one succeeds alone . Read on if you wish to thrive in whatever discipline you choose to pursue .
Word Count : 2400 Importance : Master Level Read Time : 12 minutes Coffee : 50/50
What is Mastery ?
Mastery is attained when an individual gains a high level of proficiency and depth of understanding in a discipline . Mastery is Bruce Lee kicking ass with two nunchucks . Mastery is Isaac Newton developing the foundation of modern calculus . Michael Phelps has won a total of 28 Olympic medals , 3 of these being gold . That is the quintessence of Mastery .
Mastery is exceptional because most people will never reach it . Masters often become icons and are often celebrated for their accomplishments . They are revered because they remind us of the ultimate in human achievement . It is those who dedicate their lives to their craft that ultimately reach elite levels .
Many people do not believe that Mastery is a possibility in their life . People believe that it is only the lucky or the fortunate who are able to reach supreme levels of achievement . With the right blueprint , anyone can become exceptional , this article is the beginner 's guide to Mastery .
The Path Of Mastery
The path of Mastery is a narrow and lonely road .
Most people in their lifetime will never understand what it truly means to be considered a Master . This is because most people are not willing to make the necessary sacrifices that are required to attain the level of masterdom .
Social conditioning has made it acceptable for us to be mediocre at what we do . Doing everything at a sound level has become the norm . Students often cram for exams studying the night before , instead of spending the time to understand concepts at a deep level . At the workplace , people often do ‘ just enough ' work to get by , and never accomplish anything to the best of their capabilities .
Our biology does not help us in the quest for Mastery . In nature we often see that :
Current will favour the path of the least resistance .
Water takes the path of the least resistance
Humans are no different as most of us also take the path of the least resistance in everything we do . In an attempt to conserve our energy , we create a situation that is inimical towards the quest for Mastery .
Understanding the path
The first step of Mastery is understanding the path . Too many people believe that progression should be linear , they expect constant improvements all of the time . The reality of the matter is that progression is hardly ever linear . You will face adversities and many plateaus that will retard your growth ; do not worry , it is all part of the game .
The graphs above are an adaptation of the ones shown in George Leonards book ‘ Mastery ‘ ( a great book on the topic ) . One of the biggest reasons people never reach their goals is because they give up as soon as progression slows down . The beginning of any learning process tends to be the period in which you can expect the largest amount of growth . After a while , the progression inevitably slows down , and different methods will need to be implemented in order to speed it back up . Over the years you will spend countless of hours stuck in the plateau . If you are chasing Mastery you must anticipate the plateaus and have strategies to break through them .
Your attitude to the plateau determines if you will attain Mastery or not . When things begin to get difficult that is when most people give up . You must become stoic in your approach and look for ways to overcome your obstacles . Use the plateau as a way to become more flexible , and adaptive .
The Mindsets of Mastery
In order to reach peak performance in whatever you want to do , you must develop certain mindsets that will elevate you . Below are the three mindsets of Mastery .
The Obsessive
The phrase ‘ work-life balance ' has been used ad nauseam by the masses , it is a phrase that does n't belong in the vocabulary of Masters . There is no such thing as balance when you are trying to take your skills to another level . Balance is for people that just want to get by and live a normal life , it is not for those that are obsessive about success .
Success does not ask for balance , it requires thousands of hours of work . You will never be able to accumulate the necessary workload to accomplish anything great if your primary concern is a balance . As I said before , Mastery is a lonely road . Most people simply do not have the raw drive or aggression to become great , obsessiveness is crucial for this type of work .
Here are some examples of the obsessive :
Michael Phelps is said to have trained every day for five years , spending three to six hours in the pool .
Michael Jordan practised his shots every day for years until they were perfect
Mark Cuban did n't take a vacation for seven years while starting his first business
Arnold Schwarzenegger claims to have trained on average three to five hours a day for six days a week during his bodybuilding career .
Isaac Newton spent hundreds of hours working on his ‘ Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica ' a book that set the foundation for many concepts in classical mechanics .
Those who are Masters often try and reach an almost spiritual level of execution in what they do . They demonstrate feats that are unprecedented and almost seem unnatural . Those who have witnessed a Master in their element can attest to this level of performance .
Growth Mindset
Professor of psychology at Stanford University ‘ Carol Dweck ' argues in her book ‘ Mindset ‘ that there are ultimately two types of mindsets , a ‘ growth mindset ' , and a ‘ fixed mindset ' .
A fixed mindset is one that assumes that its potential is limited . Those with fixed mindsets believe that they either have a certain skill or that they do n't . People with fixed mindsets never attain Mastery because their thought patterns prevent them from putting in the necessary work . These people avoid challenges because they fear failure .
A growth mindset is one that believes its potential is malleable and able to be expanded through doing the necessary work . This mindset is crucial for success because it can motivate you to push your boundaries in order to find out your true potential . Failure is not seen as a failure but instead is seen as progression for those with a growth mindset . Each failure allows them to better understand their craft , and to improve .
Steven Spielberg was rejected by the University of Southern California School of Cinematic Arts multiple times . His growth mindset allowed him to learn from his failures , and to push through with his craft . Steven Spielberg is responsible for many blockbuster movies that were filmed in the past four decades . According to Forbes , Steven now has a net worth of $ 3.6 billion dollars . Now that 's Mastery .
Most success stories start from humble beginnings . Some people are born with distinct talents but no one is born a Master . Mastery demands a growth mindset , the sooner you develop one the better .
Respect for the process
Respecting the process is crucial for becoming great . The road is a long one , you might as well enjoy it while you are on it . When trying to become great you must develop a respect for the foundation . The foundation of any skill is crucial , a flawed foundation will never allow for the attainment of Mastery . Building layers above the foundation over time is what eventually will lead you to Mastery . We can use the analogy of a pyramid to explain the importance of the foundation .
You gain a level over the foundation with every new realization that you encounter on the journey . Someone who practices BJJ must first Master the basics , she must first understand the guards before moving on to more advanced movements . Someone who is bodybuilding must first understand how to perform exercises correctly before they start increasing the weight . The foundation of anything must be respected , you can always go back to your foundations and refine them over time .
The more you practice the better you get , it seems obvious but it surprises me how many people do not take it seriously . Perfect practice makes perfect , you ca n't simply keep redoing the same things that did not work . You need to adapt to the situation when trying to become a Master . Sometimes you need to change your methods before you gain the traction that you are looking for .
Malcolm Gladwell in his famous book ‘ Outliers ' claims that it takes an average of '10 , 000′ hours of dedicated practice to reach mastery . In the book Gladwell discusses how in the early 90s a group of psychologists conducted a study of violin students . The study tracked the practice habits of the students over the course of their childhood through to adulthood . By the age of twenty , the elite violinist had clocked over 10,000 hours of practice ( practising an average of 20 hours a week over 10 years ) . The average violinist only clocked 4000 hours and below . This is but one example of the 10 , 000 hours rule .
To put it simply one does not become a Master without accumulating the necessary hours of practice . You need to be willing to do more than double the work that the average person is willing to do . Mastery comes from falling in love with the process , in being able to enjoy every step of the journey to greatness .
Mastery through Mentors
Attempting to learn everything by yourself is foolish , the world is too complex for any one person to figure it all out . To accelerate your progress you need to find a mentor that will guide you .
No one succeeds alone
Many people never address their weaknesses , because they do n't even know about them . Mentors see your skill for what it is , their objective view allows them to be able to pick up on your strengths and weaknesses . It 's very difficult to judge our skills objectively , we tend to overestimate and underestimate our capabilities . Having someone who is able to explain your weaknesses can help you advance much quicker . The road to Mastery demands that we constantly improve .
Below are some examples of Masters who had mentors :
Bruce Lee was a student of Yip Man , who taught him Wing Chung the precursor of Jeet Kune Do
Michael Jordan 's called Dean Smith “ My mentor , my teacher , second father ”
Warren Buffet was mentored by professional economist Benjamin Graham . A mentorship that began when Warren was just 21 years old at Columbia University .
Socrates the philosopher mentored Plato , giving him the groundwork to develop his own perspective on philosophy .
Plato went on to mentor Aristotle .
Dr Dre mentored Eminem , and Eminem went on to mentor 50 Cent . .
Robert Greene ( the international best selling author ) , mentored famous author Ryan Holliday
I hope the list has helped you see the importance of having good mentors .
How to get a mentor
This section deserves its own article , however , I will be brief and outline some strategies . To begin with , you need to understand that mentorship comes in different forms . Not all relationships are going to be close , you might speak to your mentor once every week or once every year . Below are some rules that you should follow to ensure you get a mentor .
1 . Figure out who should mentor you
You need to figure out who you want to mentor you . Come up with a list of prospects that will help you step up your game . I know what you are thinking “ How in the blue hell do I meet them ? ” , patience my child . Before you start chasing superstars like Jay-Z or Tiger Woods , understand that you do not always need big shot mentors . The only prerequisite for a good mentor is them being better than you or having more experience in your field . People often misunderstand mentorship they believe they need to aim super high . The reality is , you have different mentors for different stages of your development . The mentor you have today , might not be the one you have twenty years from now . The more you increase your skill the more you can go on the radar of bigger names , and maybe one day have them mentor you
2 . First Contact
You need to establish the first contact . This will take a bit of research on your part , hey I never said it was going to be easy ! Figure out where your mentor frequents because you will need to be there . Do n't do any stalker shit !
Perhaps your ‘ mentor to be ' likes going fishing at a particular spot , guess what ? You like to go fishing there too ! Perhaps your mentor trains at a particular gym , maybe it 's finally time for you to get in shape . Once you figure out where they are you need to move on to the next step , ‘ Thinking Win WIN ” .
3 . Think Win Win
Stephen Covey in his book ‘ The 7 habits of highly effective people “ , highlights the importance of thinking win-win . No one likes a leech , what value can you give to the person who is mentoring you ? Why should they use up their time to help you ? You need to be thinking of ways that you could be of service .
Perhaps you wish to be mentored by someone who owns a successful business . To get their attention you might have to help them with something in their business . You need to be creative and think of a way to offer some value . Do not be discouraged by whatever work you might end up having to do , remember that it is a means to an end . Mowing your mentor 's lawn every weekend in order to get some valuable advice that will save you a couple of years of trial and error is well worth it . Sometimes all your mentor wants is a willing student , everyone loves giving advice as long as the person listening is receptive .
So there you have it , a guide to Mastery . The information in this article is only useful if you put it to action . Becoming a Master is up to you . Remember that the path to Mastery is not easy , but it is fulfilling . Instant gratification is the biggest roadblock for many , those who pursue Mastery value fulfilment over it . So what will you become a Master at ?
Derailing : How not to talk to people who are telling you something sad .
This post is brought to you by this description of “ help-rejecting complainers “ , Derailing for Dummies , Holly 's two recent posts about de-escalation , Melissa McEwan 's the terrible bargain we have regretfully struck , Lauren 's recent posts on gaslighting , Martha Marcy May Marlene , a horror movie about what it is like to have PTSD ( and deal with someone who has PTSD ) that I have been thinking about for weeks , and a recurring conversation from my own life where everyone is well-intentioned and doing their best and everyone loves everyone else , but everyone feels scarred and hurt and I leave the conversation feeling like an eight-year-old who does n't know how to use her words .
We talk about derailing a lot in social justice conversations and blog comments , which boils down to the fallacy that if less privileged people would just present a perfect argument for why they deserve compassion and justice , OF COURSE more privileged people would help ! It 's just that you have n't asked us in exactly the right way yet , and in fact , when you raised your voice or pointed out that we were wrong , you kind of hurt our feelings and maybe you should apologize to us for using that tone when we just want to help you ? Could you start over and explain again from the beginning ?
It 's closely related to victim-blaming , which is where you take something bad that happened to someone else and scan their life for every mistake they 've ever made so that you can satisfy yourself that it was their fault and that you do n't really have to care , or god forbid , change anything .
At the root of both of these is a kind of wounded narcissism . Someone who points out our privilege or frankly discusses their own pain at the hands of a system that is benefitting us reminds us that we are not perfect , that things are not perfect , and that we are vulnerable to having the same thing happen to us and perhaps complicit in what is happening to them . When we derail or blame victims , we 're taking the pain of other people and making it something that is happening to us .
Even when it 's not a specific question of sexism , racism , able-ism , I think people derail each other all the time without meaning to . When someone you like and consider to be a generally intelligent , capable person is telling you something bad that they are going through or that happened to them , here are four well-intentioned , totally normal , understandable , routine things you can do or say that will derail them and probably make them feel crappy ( + one bonus dick move ) .
1 . “ But I thought things were going well/That 's not what you told me before/That ca n't be true . ”
You may have in fact thought things were different ! The person may have in fact told you that things were going well ! It 's understandable that bad news might take you aback ! Or you may have heard wrong or had bad assumptions !
Things are often going well…until they are n't . People do n't always tell you all the ups and downs of a relationship , for example , and if you talked the person when things were better ( or they were trying to convince themselves that things were better , or working hard to solve a problem ) you may have gotten the rosier picture . But saying this to someone who is trying to tell you what 's going on with them forces the person to leave their own experience and deal with your perception of it . Before they can get any comfort or help they 're in the position of having to now construct a case for their own reality so that you will accept the new reality . Conversation = derailed .
2 . “ But why did n't you… .. ”
+ ( a bunch of advice about what they should have done to avoid this bad situation ) + ( a prosecutorial grilling about the facts ) . This is victim-blaming . This is the consultant side of our brains doing an analysis of how the situation can be avoided , partially to help them , but mostly to help us understand how we could avoid it happening to us or to get all the facts .
Maybe the person did make a bunch of bad decisions ! Maybe they could have totally avoided the situation ! Maybe they are leaving out some things in the telling of this tale . Maybe some of those things are n't your business or are n't actually relevant . Are you Assistant District Attorney Jack McCoy and is your friend on the witness stand ? Are we getting in your time machine to go back in time and change history ? No ? Then lay off and stop cross-examining . Trust that the facts will emerge in time . Advice about what someone should have done differently in the past reeks of “ I told you so , ” and is extremely unkind even if it is true .
3 . “ Well , you could just…./Have you tried ? ”
Someone telling you their problem does not automatically equal them asking for advice . If they ask for advice , by all means give it if you can think of some concrete steps or resources that would help them in the future . If they do n't ask , and you can think of a few steps , once you 've listened all the way through ( and not before ) you can say “ Are you looking for advice ? ” and if they say yes , lay it on them or better yet , ask a lot of questions like “ What do you think you 'll do about that ? ” Not all problems are immediately fixable . Even if the problems can be fixed , it 's not always on you to fix it . Maybe your loved ones do n't need you to outsmart their problems for them , they just need you to hang out .
If you jump in immediately with advice , it 's abusive and patronizing . It derails the conversation because you 've set yourself up as the “ I will fix you ” authority , and since you are not the expert on this person 's life and you do n't know what they 've tried or are trying you 're a half-cocked , annoying authority .
It 's like when I have to call tech support for something ( an activity I dread like few others ) . If I 'm calling tech support on the phone , it 's because I have exhausted every online FAQ and resource and tried every known step to resolve a problem and this is my last resort . So when I say “ this is the problem , I have tried x , y , and z , what do you suggest now ? ” it 's totally annoying to have to run through all the steps from the beginning again to satisfy the person that my problem is a real problem . I give tech support some leeway because ( having worked tech support ) I know that many people are clueless . But I do n't want to treat my friends and family like they are clueless about their own lives and make them run through the gauntlet of obvious questions .
I say this as an advice-giver with an advice blog who had to be taught directly by more emotionally and socially ept friends not to jump in with advice and to not treat the times where other people are talking as the times I get to think up what I 'm going to say next , because maybe people do n't just want me to be smart at them ? Apparently the things I know as thoughts , other people experience as emotions and those emotions are real ? Weird .
4 . “ But why did n't you tell me ( sooner ) ? ”
Because they did n't want to have to undergo interrogation and and drown in a sea of obvious advice ? Because they were embarrassed ? Because they thought they could handle it on their own ? Because it was n't a problem until suddenly it was ? Because it 's private stuff that does n't get casually talked about ? Because they have n't talked to you in a while and the last time they saw you it was at a funeral or a birthday party and really was n't the time to go into their own problems ?
Again , this is a question that makes something that is happening to them into something that is happening to you . It 's not about their bad experience anymore , it 's about your hurt feelings that they did n't tell you sooner . It 's you taking the temperature of your relationship , using a bad thing that happened to the other person . THEY ARE TELLING YOU NOW , GO WITH IT .
When you engage in these behaviors , you are basically telling someone who is having a problem that there is a right way to have that problem , and a right way to tell you about it , and most of those right ways happen in the past where they should have behaved differently . It 's not the most comforting comfort in the world , I 've got to tell you .
These questions are pretty much guaranteed to leave the person more upset and defensive , which may prompt you to ask :
5 . “ Why are you so defensive , I am only trying to help ! ”
Congratulations . You 've now completely derailed this conversation . It is now completely about you and your help and how this person is rejecting it . It is now their own fault they are sad . This is what is known as a dick move .
So , what should you do when someone tells you sad news ?
May I suggest that when someone you care about tells you a problem , your first step is to shut up and listen .
Then listen more .
Your next step is to believe them . Just believe . Do n't interrogate . If there is more to the story , trust that the facts will emerge in time , and the more the person trusts you the more likely they are to tell you the whole truth . Do n't expect someone who is in the middle of a bad situation to have a perfect perspective on that situation and to be able to talk about it in a logical , enlightened way that completely satisfies you ! Assume that they are not having their problems AT you .
Your third step is to say something like “ I 'm so sorry you are going through that , that is terrible . ”
Your fourth step is to ask “ How do you want to handle this ? ” or “ What do you think you 'll do ? ” At this juncture , it may be time to listen some more . Maybe they do n't know what they 'll do . Cool . Whatever .
If you sense that some advice would be helpful , ask “ Are you asking for advice ? ” There 's no rule that you have to give all the advice that is possible to give , or that you have to give it right now .
Remind the person that you like them , and that you 're there to listen , to offer advice , to distract them , whatever .
Also , keep in mind that a person is not defined by their problem . Good questions to ask are “ Do you want to talk about it ? ” People do n't owe you all the details of their sad story , and they do n't owe it to you on your schedule .
This is where we circle back to boundaries . You do n't have to fix your friends and families , or fix their lives . You can decide how far you want to get involved in their problems and what , if anything , you want to do . You do n't have to agree with everything they say . You can disagree with their perspective and conclusions . You can decide that you ca n't help . Especially when we 're talking about interpersonal problems ( and not matters of social justice , voting , policy , etc . ) simply listening does n't obligate you to do anything , and even if you feel like you * should * do something , it may be that you ca n't . For instance , I 've known some manipulative people , junkies , and chronic complainers where my boundary is set at “ Wow , I 'm sorry you 're going through all that , please tell someone else. ” It 's not pretty , but it 's honest , and saves me from faking compassion or being drained .
I want to say again that it is completely human and understandable to want to know more information , to be curious , to want to offer any help you can , to want to reconcile this news with your own picture of reality – It 's just not something you need to put on your friend or expect them to provide right now . Have a little faith and trust .
When someone is in the middle of telling you their bad news , the kindest , best thing you can do is to treat the other person like they are an expert – in fact , the sole expert- on their own experiences . Even if they messed up . Even if they messed up bad . Even if the story is all over the place at first . Even if they do n't have perspective ( that you think you do have ) . Even if this is just like all the other times . Even if they are crying and irrational . Even if they are in the middle of a panic attack or stuck in an anxiety loop . Even if there is an easy way to solve it . Even if you privately disagree . I think you will never go wrong by doing this , and that this can be what a suffering person most needs from other people .
For almost a century , efforts to achieve universal health care in the United States raised hopes , fears , and prodigious lobbying , but yielded little beyond Medicare and Medicaid . In 2010 , the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ; Pub L No . 111–148 ) ushered in a new era of reform . Last year , the Supreme Court upheld the legality of the ACA subsidies , rejecting the last serious legal challenge to President Obama 's signature health care legislation . “ [ W ] e finally declared , ” Obama said after the King v. Burwell decision , “ that in America , health care is not a privilege for a few , but a right for all. ” 1a
But was that the message ? There 's reason for skepticism . A decade from now , according to the Congressional Budget Office , 27 million Americans will remain uninsured despite full implementation of the law . Many more are underinsured or constrained by “ narrow networks ” of providers that limit choice and rupture longstanding therapeutic relationships . Doctors and nurses contend with growing requirements for mind-numbing electronic documentation1b in a health care marketplace increasingly tilted toward giant insurers and hospital conglomerates that amass power through consolidation . Finally , the system 's administrative complexity , which robs patients and providers of time , money , and morale , was further fueled by the ACA .
There is an alternative . Over a decade ago , three of us , together with many colleagues , published a detailed proposal for a single-payer national health program ( NHP ) .2 Recently , single-payer reform has reemerged in the context of the presidential primaries . While the need for such reform has not diminished , the ACA has shifted the health care landscape . For that reason , we have developed an updated proposal ( available as a supplement to the online version of this editorial at http : //www.ajph.org ) that has thus far attracted the endorsement of more than 2200 colleagues . ( Other health professionals are invited to add their endorsement at : www.pnhp.org/nhi . )
Here , we summarize the proposal , with an emphasis on how it would remedy the persistent shortcomings of the current health care system .
COVERAGE Section : Choose Top of page COVERAGE < < COSTS PAYMENT CHOICE AND CONTINUITY CONCLUSIONS REFERENCES CITING ARTICLES Unfortunately , the ACA falls short in terms of both universality and comprehensiveness . Fewer than half of America 's uninsured residents have gained coverage , and underinsurance remains ubiquitous . Employers seeking to restrain their health benefit costs have tripled deductibles since 2006,3 and the ACA 's excise tax on expensive “ Cadillac ” plans—recently postponed until 2020—is poised to accelerate this trend . Many of the estimated 11 million Americans who have purchased plans on the ACA 's exchanges face punishingly high copayments and deductibles , which average more than $ 5300 in Bronze plans . Such underinsurance often compromises access to care and financial well-being . In 2014 , 36 % of nonelderly adults skipped needed care because of cost ( down from 41 % in 2010 ) ,4 and more than half of all overdue debts on credit reports were medical.5 A single-payer NHP , in contrast , would provide comprehensive coverage without copayments or deductibles to everyone in the country , replacing our current complex and wasteful patchwork of coverage . All medically necessary services would be covered , including inpatient , outpatient , and dental care , as well as prescription drugs . The NHP would also cover long-term care , a benefit that few Americans currently enjoy .
COSTS Section : Choose Top of page COVERAGE COSTS < < PAYMENT CHOICE AND CONTINUITY CONCLUSIONS REFERENCES CITING ARTICLES The ACA 's very name reflects the hope that it would , at long last , bring health costs under control . The experience of recent years seemed to provide cause for optimism : five years of relatively low spending growth coincided with the law 's passage and implementation . However , the slowdown began before the ACA 's enactment , suggesting that the deep recession was at least partly responsible and that full economic recovery would rekindle medical inflation . Recent figures suggest that this is , indeed , happening . The resumption of health care inflation should not be surprising , since many of the ACA 's cost-control provisions rest on scant evidence . For instance , many hoped that replacing fee-for-service with capitation-like reimbursement—the Accountable Care Organization ( ACO ) strategy encouraged by the ACA—would spur providers to improve coordination and efficiency , thereby lowering costs . Yet , Medicare has , to date , realized little6 or no savings7 from ACOs . Moreover , the ACO strategy has encouraged the consolidation of hospitals and physicians ' practices into giant systems with the market leverage to demand higher prices , driving up costs for the privately insured.8 Meanwhile , tying payment to quality metrics—thought necessary to prevent the denial of care in capitation-like systems such as ACOs and Health Maintenance Organizations—has elicited ubiquitous gaming of risk adjustment and quality measures,9 which distort the data needed for fair payment and real quality improvement . An NHP , in contrast , would shrink administrative costs , and have fewer incentives for corruption . Overall , cutting administrative spending to Canadian levels would save about 15 % of national health expenditures,10 freeing up nearly $ 500 billion annually for expanded and improved coverage . Significant sums would also be saved by allowing the NHP to negotiate with drug companies over prices , as do universal health programs in other advanced nations . The greater efficiency and simplicity of the NHP would curb inflation in health costs , so that cost savings would grow with time .
PAYMENT Section : Choose Top of page COVERAGE COSTS PAYMENT < < CHOICE AND CONTINUITY CONCLUSIONS REFERENCES CITING ARTICLES There has been much hope ( in truth , hype ) that by simply changing how providers are paid , we can simultaneously lower health spending and improve quality . In reality , any method of payment can create perverse incentives in a market-based system when an ethos of professionalism and commitment is lacking . Therefore , under an NHP , we envision flexibility regarding modes of payment : physicians and other practitioners could be paid either through a streamlined , binding fee-for-service schedule or through salaries at not-for-profit hospitals , group practices or other facilities . The NHP would pay institutional providers like hospitals and nursing homes for their operating expenses through global ( “ lump-sum ” ) budgets , akin to how cities fund fire departments . By eliminating per-patient billing , the administrative savings from such a change would be enormous . Operating funds could not be diverted to profit , advertising or capital investments . Instead , the NHP would fund modernization and expansion projects through separate , explicit capital grants targeted to community needs , rather than profitability .
CHOICE AND CONTINUITY Section : Choose Top of page COVERAGE COSTS PAYMENT CHOICE AND CONTINUITY < < CONCLUSIONS REFERENCES CITING ARTICLES Free choice of providers and the preservation of doctor–patient relationships are threatened by our current system . With each enrollment cycle , patients seeking affordable premiums or changing jobs must often switch insurers and risk breaking existing relationships with providers . An NHP , in contrast , would do away with narrow networks , replacing them with one large network that allows free choice of hospital and clinician , thereby eliminating involuntary turnover and preserving therapeutic relationships .
CONCLUSIONS Section : Choose Top of page COVERAGE COSTS PAYMENT CHOICE AND CONTINUITY CONCLUSIONS < < REFERENCES CITING ARTICLES Despite the ACA , many serious problems remain in American health care . Uninsurance and underinsurance endure , bureaucracy is growing , costs are likely to rise , and caring relationships take second place to the financial prerogatives of health insurers and providers . A single-payer NHP offers a salutary alternative , one that would at long last take the right to health care from the realm of political rhetoric to that of reality .
REFERENCES Section : Choose Top of page COVERAGE COSTS PAYMENT CHOICE AND CONTINUITY CONCLUSIONS REFERENCES < < CITING ARTICLES
References
1a . Remarks by the President on the Supreme Court 's ruling of the Affordable Care Act . June 2015 . Available at : https : //www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2015/06/25/remarks-president-supreme-courts-ruling-affordable-care-act . Accessed May 2 , 2016 . Google Scholar
1b . Friedberg M , Crosson FJ , Tutty M . Physicians ' concerns about electronic health records : implications and steps towards solutions . Health Affairs Blog . 2014 . Available at : http : //healthaffairs.org/blog/2014/03/11/physicians-concerns-about-electronic-health-records-implications-and-steps-towards-solutions . Accessed February 17 , 2016 . Google Scholar
2 . Woolhandler S , Himmelstein DU , Angell M , Young QD . Physicians ' working group for single-payer national health insurance . JAMA . 2003 ; 290 ( 6 ) : 798 – 805 . Crossref , Medline , Google Scholar
3 . Claxton G , Rae M , Long M , Panchal N , Damico A . Employer Health Benefits : 2015 Annual Survey . Menlo Park , CA : Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation ; 2015 . Available at : http : //files.kff.org/attachment/report-2015-employer-health-benefits-survey . Accessed February 18 , 2016 . Google Scholar
4 . Collins SR , Rasmussen PW , Doty MM , Beutel S . The Rise in Health Care Coverage and Affordability Since Health Reform Took Effect : Findings from the Commonwealth Fund Biennial Health Insurance Survey , 2014 . New York , NY : The Commonwealth Fund ; 2015 . Available at : http : //www.commonwealthfund.org/∼/media/files/publications/issue-brief/2015/jan/1800_collins_biennial_survey_brief.pdf . Accessed February 18 , 2016 . Google Scholar
5 . Consumer credit reports : A study of medical and non-medical collections . Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . December 2014 . Available at : http : //files.consumerfinance.gov/f/201412_cfpb_reports_consumer-credit-medical-and-non-medical-collections.pdf . Accessed February 18 , 2016 . Google Scholar
6 . Nyweide DJ , Lee W , Cuerdon TT , et al . Association of pioneer accountable care organizations vs traditional medicare fee for service with spending , utilization , and patient experience . JAMA . 2015 ; 313 ( 21 ) : 2152 – 2161 . Crossref , Medline , Google Scholar
7 . Rau J , Gold J . Medicare yet to save money through heralded medical payment model . Kaiser Health News . September 14 , 2015 . Available at : http : //khn.org/news/medicare-yet-to-save-money-through-heralded-medical-payment-model . Accessed December 27 , 2015 . Google Scholar
8. Cooper Z , Craig SV , Gaynor M , Reenen JV . The price ai n't right ? Hospital prices and health spending on the privately insured . National Bureau of Economic Research Working Paper Series 2015 ; No . 21815 . Google Scholar
9. Cooper AL , Kazis LE , Dore DD , Mor V , Trivedi AN . Underreporting high-risk prescribing among Medicare Advantage plans : a cross-sectional analysis . Ann Intern Med . 2013 ; 159 ( 7 ) : 456 – 462 . Crossref , Medline , Google Scholar
Interaction Design Best Practices
Mastering the Tangibles
7 chapters explaining the practical use of affordances , white space , size/distance , visual consistency , cognitive load , and more .
Visual case studies from 30+ companies including Apple , AirBnB , Google , Facebook , Etsy , Virgin America , Dribbble , Hootsuite , and Behance .
Practical approach that teaches complex theories through examples .
If you do n't see the ebook download form above , please pause Adblock temporarily and refresh the page . Thanks !
We collect your information in order to personalize the UXPin website to better serve your needs . By submitting your data you consent to us sending you marketing communications about UXPin and occasional information that might be valuable for you . We will never send you any third party offers . Your information is safe with us and you can withdraw your consent at any time . Do n't ' worry , we protect your data with care – just as described in Privacy Policy .
Buy Photo Matt Bitsche looks over the floorplan for Wichita Falls Brewing , a business endeavor he hopes to open later this year at the corner of Indiana and Seventh Street . The native Wichitan helped start Infamous Brewing Company in Austin in 2012 . ( Photo : Torin Halsey/Times Record News ) Buy Photo
Matt Bitsche had a dream more than 10 years ago of taking what he learned with home-brewed craft beers and turning it into a business in downtown Wichita Falls .
But , it just did n't feel like the right time to start brewing his own blends in his hometown , so he got his start in the industry in Austin in 2012 , a place known for its eclectic culture and breweries . He and some buddies started Infamous Brewing , which turned into a success that has seen their beers distributed to all parts of Texas .
The Rider High School grad and his wife , Brooke , have come back home with their children with one goal in mind -- fulfill his dream of bringing something unique and new to Wichita Falls with Wichita Falls Brewing . There was no other place to be than downtown , he said , so he will open up the establishment later this year in the old Muehlberger 's Menswear , affectionately called `` The Hub '' , at the corner of Seventh and Indiana .
`` There has n't been a brewery here , '' he said Tuesday . `` Why not be the first . ''
Buy Photo Native Wichitan Matt Bitsche talks about placement of the 10-barrel brewing system equipment that he plans to have in place in about six months . Bitsche plans to open Wichita Falls Brewing later this year downtown at Seventh and Indiana . ( Photo : Torin Halsey/Times Record News )
Bitsche said he has always loved the downtown area and its history , which is why he chose Wichita Falls Brewing for the name and an industrial look of wheels and cogs that embraces the city 's manufacturing past that was associated with the oil industry . The only thing left was finding a location downtown .
The couple moved back in 2016 as the movement to revive downtown Wichita Falls was growing by the day with several other projects going on . The Hub was offered as a possible location for his new business venture , and the spacious 7,200-square-feet first floor and another 3,000 upstairs provided something others did n't -- room for growth in the future .
`` I 've seen a lot of brew pubs and breweries shoehorn themselves into a space and paint themselves into a corner where they did well and it was time for them to expand and grow , and they could n't , '' he said . `` A brewery is not one of those things that you can move in a weekend or two weeks . ''
Buy Photo Professional brewer Matt Bitsche talks about the science and chemistry that goes into making beer during a break in renovating a building at Seventh and Indiana that will become Wichita Falls Brewing . Bitsche opened Infamous Brewing Co. in Austin in 2012 and has plans to offer at least six different house brews on tap here . ( Photo : Torin Halsey/Times Record News )
Work is being done on the facility to bring certain features up to code , but here is much more work to be done , Bitsche said . The brewing equipment , which is a 10-barrel system has been ordered , but it will be roughly six months before it is delivered . He said the stainless steel equipment will be placed along the front windows so passersby can see it while walking by and guests in the brewery can see employees making fresh brews .
The brewery will feature at least six house beers on tap , he said , and they 'll range from lighter crisp beers to pale ales , porters , lagers and more . He said they are in the process of obtaining their license from the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission as well as a license through the federal government 's Alcohol Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau , a process which takes longer than the TABC license .
Coming up with the blends of craft beer should n't be too difficult , Bitsche said . He said after 16 years of making his own , that 's the easy part . One thing he does want to do to create buzz and get the community involved is hosting naming contests for each brew .
`` They feel like they 're involved . We 're just making it fun , '' he said . `` The minute we 're not having fun , everyone else can tell , so we want people to have fun with us .
`` Wichita Falls is growing , downtown is growing . Come grow with us . ''
Matt Bitsche has been brewing beer since 2000 and opened Infamous Brewing Co. in Austin in 2012 . He plans to open Wichita Falls Brewing in downtown Wichita Falls later this year . ( Photo : Courtesy Photo )
Brooke said it was n't a tough decision to make or support when they considered moving back to Wichita Falls in January 2016 . She said the hustle and bustle of life in Austin and spending hours in a car everyday commuting to work or back home left little time for anything else , especially since their children were getting of ages that they were interested in doing more activities .
`` It was really important to have the kids around family because we left when they were 5 and 2 , '' she said . `` It had been quite some time and Austin has grown exponentially to where you ca n't get to them to get them into activities ... so , it just made sense . ''
The couple said they are intent on making Wichita Falls Brewing a family friendly business that will host movie nights , have a board game section and offer ice cream for children . He said there are more than enough bars in Wichita Falls , and they have no desire of being another one . The business , in addition to craft beer , will serve wine as well as sodas , tea and more .
Follow John Ingle on Twitter at @ inglejohn1973 .
CLOSE Orlando sits down with Wichita Falls ' own Matt Bitsche to talk about the success of his craft brewery , Infamous Brewing Company , located in Austin .
Read or Share this story : http : //wtrne.ws/2k4MWYc
Transparent films containing carbon nanobuds—molecular tubes of carbon with ball-like appendages—could turn just about any surface , regardless of its shape , into a touch sensor .
A flexible film of made of plastic and carbon nanotubes could bring touch screens to new applications .
The films were developed by a Finnish startup , Canatu , and could be used to add touch controls to curved automobile consoles and dashboards , for example . The films are rugged and can be repeatedly bent around something as thin as the cord for your earbuds , so they could be handy for adding buttons to flexible devices .
Touch screens are usually made by overlaying a display screen with a transparent sheet of indium tin oxide . This material is brittle , however , and ca n't be used on anything other than a flat surface . Individual carbon nanotubes have long been seen as a promising alternative because they conduct electricity so well . But carbon nanotubes have performed badly in touch screens due to poor electrical connections between different nanotubes . Carbon nanobuds are better because the ball-like appendages are particularly good at emitting electrons , which improves those electrical connections .
A nanobud consists of a tube of carbon atoms with a bud-like appendage .
Canatu has 40 prototype products in the works . It recently built its first full-scale manufacturing equipment , which can produce enough film to cover hundreds of thousands of smartphone touch screens every month . Next year the company plans to install enough machines to supply millions of smartphones .
Films containing carbon nanotubes have previously been too expensive to produce commercially . Canatu 's founders , researchers at Aalto University , in Finland , improved the electrical connections between carbon nanotubes by modifying their shape , and also found a way to make nanobud films cheaply .
Making carbon nanotubes films conventionally is a complex process that requires costly purification steps that can sometimes damage the nanotubes . Canatu 's manufacturing approach starts with carbon-containing gases , which are converted directly into nanobuds and deposited to make a transparent film in one step , without the need for purification .
The material is n't a good fit for all applications , though . The conductivity is n't high enough for very large screens , for example .
But the nanobud films can stretch over a surface , says Erkki Soininen , vice president of marketing and sales , sometimes by more than 200 percent without losing much performance . Most other stretchable touch screens stretch by only a few percent . The material stretches because the carbon nanobuds are able to slide past one another while maintaining good electrical contact .
When Windows 10 hits , people who upgrade to the new operating system and own an Xbox One will be able to stream and play those console titles to their PC .
Yesterday 's announcement of the ability to wirelessly stream your Xbox One game to your PC for gaming was focused on what should be available at launch . The service will only work through a Wi-Fi connection in your home and only one supported game can be streamed at a time .
Following the news there was a short on-stage demo of Phil Spencer , head of Microsoft 's Xbox division , playing Forza Horizon 2 on his PC streamed from his Xbox One .
Later that day , Spencer sat down with a group of journalists to answer their questions and talk a bit about where this new service might be heading .
Spencer was sure to clarify that this is n't like the PlayStation 4 's remote play , which allows people to play PS4 games on their Vita , even if they 're not in the same house .
`` It is not a Gaikai or OnLive solution , '' he said `` This is not 'take my laptop down to Starbucks and play , ' unless you happen to live right above a Starbucks or something .
`` But if I think about our longterm direction , I want your Xbox games to be your Xbox games and your Xbox friends to be your Xbox friends , and you 're able to play what games you want where you want with whoever you want . We 're taking strides . We 're not there yet . We 're not there on the content side , we 're getting closer on the multiplayer side , but in terms of longterm direction , I think I should feel like my games and my friends are just my games and my friends . ''
The intent for the service is that the console wo n't even have to be running initially for you to start the process for connecting your PC to your console and then play an Xbox One title .
`` If my kids are watching TV and I want to play Forza ... I can just go do that and they would n't even know ... It just loads in the background ''
`` Our intent is somebody could be watching television on the Xbox One — and I say watching television running any Windows application , '' he said . `` So the Xbox One 's capable of running one Xbox game and multiple Windows applications at the same time . Our goal as a team is to enable that you would be able to do both .
`` Now , we have n't perfectly landed that yet . ''
Spencer said while he did n't discuss that on stage he wants to be transparent and let people know that the goal is `` to enable a scenario where if my kids are watching TV , and I want to go up and play Forza ... I can just go do that and they would n't even know what 's happened . It just loads in the background , obviously I would n't shut down the console like I did in my demo , so that 's our intent .
`` We just have n't landed the scenario . It does take us the horsepower for the Xbox to obviously play the game but to obviously play the stream . ''
He added that he 's almost certain they 'll be able to `` land that scenario . ''
What you wo n't be able to do is play an Xbox One game on the console while someone in your house plays a different one on your PC . The service will also require that if the game you want to play is one you purchased on a disc , it will have to be in the Xbox One 's drive .
`` If it 's a digital game sitting on your hard drive , you 're just able to launch . ''
Spencer was n't entirely sure if you would have to be logged in on the console to use the streaming service , but he hopes that wo n't be the case .
The Lawnmower Man is a video game based on the 1992 film of the same name . The game was published in Japan by Coconuts Japan under the title Virtual Wars ( バーチャル ウォーズ , Bācharu Uōzu ) .
Plot [ edit ]
Dr. Lawrence Angelo is a scientist working for Virtual Space Industries ( VSI ) in `` Project 5 '' , a secret research facility that attempts to increase the intelligence of primates using psychotropic drugs and virtual reality ( VR ) training . Dr. Angelo is reluctant to use the research for military purposes , and after one of the chimps escapes and shoots a guard , Dr. Angelo is given a forced vacation . While taking notes on the need for experiment with a human subject , he discovers Jobe Smith ( Jeff Fahey ) , a man with an intellectual disability who makes his living by doing odd jobs such as mowing the grass ( hence the title of the movie ) . Angelo takes in Jobe , subjecting him to VR treatment . The first experiments quickly increase Jobe 's intelligence , but after an accident , Dr. Angelo stops the experiments . The Shop , a secret agency overseeing Project 5 , reinserts the drugs responsible for Jobe 's violent behavior into the program and speeds up the treatment . As Jobe develops telekinetic powers , he starts to take revenge on those who abused him before he began the treatments , and plots to take over all of the computers in the world .
The SNES version continues the storyline after the point where it ends in the film . Jobe transfers his mind into VSI 's computers , and from there is able to corrupt and destroy information systems all over the world , a course of action which is implied to bring about World War III . With society in complete meltdown , Dr. Angelo discovers that Jobe has been acting under the control of a person known as the Doomplayer , who is the head of The Shop , and poised to take over what remains of the world . With Jobe apparently having been erased now that he has served his purpose , Angelo sets off to put an end to The Shop once and for all .
Gameplay [ edit ]
While the CD version of the game ( PC , Sega CD ) is an interactive movie , all three cartridge versions are platformers . The player takes control of either Dr. Angelo or Carla Parkette ( the mother of Jobe 's best friend ) in a typical side-scrolling shooting action , similar to Contra and Metal Slug . The player collects weapon upgrades or data discs . Once the player has collected a number of data discs , the discs morph into a Virtual Suit that gives the player protection from one hit .
The player visits several locations seen in the movie , such as Harley 's Gas 'Er Up and the VSI headquarters . The game includes true 3D level connectors that are based on the CG sequences of the movie . These involve avoiding obstacles and the occasional high-speed shooting in the VR world . There are four different levels ( Virtual World , Cyberwar , Cyber Run and Cyber Tube ) , and each takes a slightly different approach . Virtual World is set in first person and the objective is to dodge obstacles such as trees and arches to get to the exit . Cyberwar is similar to Virtual World , but with some shooting stops . Cyber Run is set in the third person and requires occasional shooting of obstacles , while Cyber Tube involves fast travel and plenty of enemies in a VR tunnel .
Reception [ edit ]
Reviewing the Genesis version , GamePro criticized that the quality of the controls and graphics varies through the game , but praised the game 's combination of `` above average '' run-n-shoot adventure , `` hypnotic '' first-person flying , and `` brain-teasing '' puzzles . [ 1 ]
GamePro commented that the Sega CD version makes good use of the system 's audio and graphical capabilities , but that the puzzle-based gameplay is dull . [ 2 ] Electronic Gaming Monthly gave it a 5.6 out of 10 , remarking that `` The variety of games is a good option , but the overall appeal of the whole theme seems tired by now . `` [ 3 ]
In 1996 , Computer Gaming World declared Lawnmower Man the 42nd-worst computer game ever released . [ 4 ]
Sequel [ edit ]
In late 1995 , SCi released a sequel for MS-DOS and Macintosh computers known as CyberWar . Copies of the sequel are quite rare , as it had a limited release by Interplay instead of the publisher of the first game , Time Warner Interactive . CyberWar splits from the story of the second movie , Lawnmower Man 2 : Beyond Cyberspace , and has its own story . In early 1996 , rumors of a third Lawnmower Man video game were spread via chatrooms and video game magazines such as Next Generation and Electronic Gaming Monthly 's Quartermann column . The rumors suggested a release for Sega Saturn , Sony PlayStation and Microsoft Windows 95 , but no further sequels were produced and no further news has been reported by these publications .
UC San Diego 's sports programs suffered an upset defeat this week , and it happened not on a field or court but rather in a collection of conference calls and emails .
The university on Thursday was informed by the Big West Conference that its application to join the league and thus begin its path to NCAA Division I status in all sports would not be happening at this time .
The San Diego Union-Tribune first reported the results of the vote , and UCSD Athletic Director Earl Edwards confirmed he was told by Big West Commissioner Dennis Farrell that the board of chancellors and presidents representing the nine conference schools voted against expansion .
For UCSD 's entry to be approved , a super-majority of seven “ yes ” votes was required . That did not happen when the board of directors completed their tally last week . The Big West cited confidentiality for the board members in declining to provide specifics on the vote count .
“ It basically boiled down to the fact the conference has not been in expansion mode , ” Farrell said in a telephone interview Thursday night . “ It was not something we were pursuing until the interest of UC San Diego came to us .
“ At the end of the day , our board of directors just felt that right now they 're comfortable with the makeup of the conference . They 're comfortable with the balance of the membership . There was n't an overriding interest in changing it . ”
The Big West is made up of four UC schools ( Irvine , Riverside , Santa Barbara , Davis ) , four Cal State schools ( Long Beach , Fullerton , Northridge , Cal Poly San Luis Obispo ) and Hawaii , which was the last school to be admitted into the conference in 2012 .
UCSD has been in the NCAA 's Division II since 2000-01 .
In May 2016 , UCSD students voted overwhelmingly to approve a hike in fees that would fund Division I athletics , specifically with a move into the Big West . In January , the UCSD faculty approved the rise to Div . I with a support of 62 percent when only a simple majority is required .
UCSD was hopeful that it had put the pieces of financing and support together in such a way this time as to sway the Big West positively .
“ It 's a high level of disappointment , ” Edwards said . “ Obviously , we were hoping to be accepted right away .
“ I 've been in this business for 30-plus years . When you look at athletics and realignment and new membership , there are a lot of things that take place . It 's not uncommon for us to find ourselves in the position we 're in .
“ We are still going to pursue moving to Division I with the hope that things will change in the relatively near future . ”
The timeline is somewhat critical for UCSD , because while Edwards said the school needs to let the Big West decision “ digest , ” there is an important piece of the Tritons ' bid that carries an expiration date .
A fact-finding report published before May 's student referendum said UCSD must receive a Big West invite by Sept. 15 , 2018 , or the student approval is null and void .
That would leave UCSD with a seemingly small window to persuade the Big West to take another look without having to reorganize campus support .
“ I 'd have to look at the situation and see where we are , ” Edwards said of another voting process . “ When it comes to the student vote , there are a lot of factors involved . There is timing in terms of economics , and what the students are thinking as a body . ”
Farrell said he could not speculate on when the Big West might consider UCSD 's application again .
“ There is no plan to do so , ” Farrell said . “ At the same time , I learned a long time ago , you never say never in this business .
“ I think UC San Diego is still going to be very attractive as a Division I school at some point in time in the future , ” he said . “ I 'm not here to tell them what they should do in the future . There 's nothing negative about UC San Diego . I can only say glowing , positive things about them . ”
Schools often are denied in their first attempt at joining a new conference . Bakersfield was denied by the Big West twice after transitioning from Div . II to Div . I , and then once by the Western Athletic Conference before the WAC finally admitted it in 2013 .
In an interview with the Union-Tribune in January , Farrell said , “ In the sports that are important to us I think we 've got a pretty good reputation nationally . So I do n't think the pressure is there for us to move ( to expand ) if we do n't want to . It 's not going to make us look bad . ”
The conference had four men 's basketball teams ranked in the top 100 in RPI in 2015-16 ; Hawaii 's women 's volleyball team made it to the NCAA Elite Eight in 2015 ; and three different baseball teams have reached the College World Series in successive years .
On Thursday , Farrell said the schools are pleased with the balance they have between the UC and Cal State institutions .
“ That 's been a real positive feeling in our conference , ” he said .
A move to Div . I would take at least six years — two to elevate athletic scholarships to minimum levels , followed by a four-year transition period before achieving full-fledged status that allows postseason participation .
mark.zeigler @ sduniontribune.com ; tod.leonard @ sduniontribune.com
POWELL RIVER , BC—The RCMP is warning soon-to-be-wed couples and their loved ones to be on the lookout for a mysterious threat stalking the Canadian outdoors : a feral , out-of-control prime minister , prowling the countryside in an endless search for weddings and wedding-related photo shoots to interrupt , interfere with and otherwise ruin .
Local legend maintains that by day , the prime minister is merely a man , giving speeches and presiding over cabinet meetings as would any man .
By Saturday and Sunday and during the summer , however , an insane lust for wedding disruption takes him , and he bursts out of his shirt and runs into the woods , prowling the shores and forests of remote Canadian regions , his cursed heart consumed by an irresistible need to photobomb .
Authorities are advising couples to get married in major urban centres whenever possible .
`` Stay away from the water , and really any beach in general , and do n't wander out near the tree line , '' cautioned RCMP Staff Sergeant Mike Dodd .
`` He 's out there . We do n't know where , but he 's out there . And his singular drive to eff up your special day is insatiable . ''
Dodd says the RCMP is employing every measure they 're authorized to use against celebrity wedding-ruiners : `` We 've set up a number of what we call 'dartgun weddings ' , which are a kind of trap where we stage a fake wedding but all the guests are rangers with tranquilizer guns , and the altar is kind of delicately set up over a pit , '' explained Dodd .
`` That 's how we caught Bill Murray in 2015 . ''
If you and your spouse are accosted by this wandering menace , do not attempt to confront or drive away the prime minister ; simply continue to take pictures , act like it 's a big deal that he 's there , and upload the photos until they 've gone viral enough to slake his unholy thirst – at which point he should transform back into a statesman and wander away into the woods , at least for the time being .
Do n't miss anything from CBC Comedy - like us on Facebook .
Updates to Alpha 's Terms of Service
Rachel Romero Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 28 , 2016
Alpha 's early access ( or , beta ) period has been good , and we appreciate all of the feedback you 've given to help us continue making improvements . We 've heard your concerns regarding Alpha 's Terms of Service , and are making some changes . These updates will go into effect immediately .
Here 's the rundown :
In section 8C , we are clarifying that you grant us a license to use your “ User Content ” and your name , likeness and communications in User Content only “ on or in connection with the Digital Service and/or Live Stream Programs ( or any portion thereof ) . ”
This needed to be updated because one of the key features of Alpha is the opportunity for users to participate in live streamed shows , as well other interactive forums and activities .
Users will actually appear on-screen in our live programs and can post content in our interactive forums .
We can safely post stuff from Alpha ( gifs , clips , etc . ) onto other media or social platforms .
This also means that we do n't intend to sell coffee cups , mouse pads , water bottles , body pillows , Roombas , or any other merchandise using your name or likeness . If you post user content ( such as fan art ) to one of our interactive forums , we ca n't ( and wo n't ) make commercial products from your content .
Additionally :
We 've further clarified ( in section 8C ) that we are only receiving rights to use ideas and concepts you contribute in a live streamed program in connection with that program , and for the purpose of producing further episodes , segments or derivative works related to that program in which you appear .
This means that you may be allowed to , in addition to appearing in the live streamed program , contribute ideas or concepts about or related to its subject matter .
Of course , if you participate and contribute ideas to help move the program 's action along , we 'll need the right to use the ideas you contribute in that live program .
A good example is with “ Choose Your Own Adventure ” sorts of programs in which user participants suggest next steps in the adventure .
We want you to enjoy Alpha , and to be able to explore and contribute in a manner that you 're comfortable with . We hope that these updates to our ToS are a step in the right direction . As always , you can reach out to us through our social media pages or by contacting us directly .
Edit : Updated section number above .
adidas Celebrates Track & Field Legend Jesse Owens with Black History Month Collection
Jesse Owens ' track and field feats are only rivaled by his monumental leaps in civil justice . During the early to mid 1930 's , Owens would break records on the track and field while propelling African-Americans during a trying time of racial divide .
In 1934 at the Berlin Summer Games , when Owens won a record-breaking four gold medals , he wore track spikes designed by adidas founder , Adi Dassler . Now , decades later , adidas honors his achievements with a fitting Black History Month collection .
Partnering with the Owens family for the release , the offering highlights new renditions of the adidas D Rose 6 ( $ 140 ) , D Lillard 2 ( $ 105 ) and the Crazylight Boost 2.5 . The collection as a whole will be worn by the likes of James Harden , Derrick Rose and Damian Lillard next Monday , Martin Luther King Jr. Day .
The collection starts with the D Rose 6 which features aged tumbled leather that pays direct tribute to the track spikes Owens wore some 80 years ago . Both the D Lillard 2 and Crazylight Boost highlight off-white primaries married to gold foil accents that symbolize the gold metals Owens won at the Olympics .
Both the adidas D Rose 6 and D Lillard 2 release this month on adidas.com . No release details for the Crazylight Boost 2.5 have been announced .
adidas D Rose 6 “ Black History ” adidas D Rose 6 “ Black History Month ” adidas D Rose 6 “ Black History Month ” adidas D Lillard 2 “ Black History Month ” adidas D Lillard 2 “ Black History Month ” adidas Crazylight Boost 2.5 “ Black History Month ” adidas Crazylight Boost 2.5 “ Black History Month ” adidas Crazylight Boost 2.5 “ Black History Month ”
A black man 's decision to dress as Batman despite the superhero 's historically white representation has led to a touching encounter with a young boy .
In a post to Facebook earlier this month , Georgia man Charles Conley described attending the fantasy and science-fiction convention Dragon Con in his Dark Knight cosplay outfit back in September .
He said he was walking around when he happened across a little “ person of colour ” who also happened to be in a Batman costume . The boy , while initially intimidated by Mr Conley , nevertheless approached , sharing a high-five .
“ He told me he wanted to ask me something , so still kneeling I leaned in with my ear , ” Mr Conley wrote .
“ ‘ Batman , ' he said timidly , ‘ you 're brown , just like me ! Does that mean that I can be a real superhero someday too ? I do n't see a lot of brown superheroes ' . ”
Mr Conley said he was so moved by this question he removed his Batman cowl to reveal his face , assuring the boy he “ could be any superhero you want to be and do n't ever let anyone tell you different ” .
“ Being a brown superhero is a very special thing and I know you 're going to make a great one , ” Mr Conley said .
Wiping away his tears , Mr Conley then replaced his hood , trying to resume character . His kind words earned him a thank you from the boy 's mother , who told Mr Conley he had made the boy 's day .
Mr Conley said the exchange highlighted the need for better representation of people of colour in fiction , and that he believes this will be instrumental in breaking down barriers of prejudice .
His post has received thousands of reactions and shares .
Have a good news story you 'd like to share ? We 'd like to hear from you . You can reach us at contact @ 9news.com.au .
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Hullspeed and the
Speed/Length Ratio
So what gives one boat better hullspeed than another ? This question was pondered long and hard by William Froude ( 1810 to 1869 ) , a British engineer who had a special fascination with the sea and ships .
Funded by the Admiralty , who were clearly very keen to get some answers to this question , he built a tank testing facility at Torquay , where he experimented with various model hull forms .
As an early expert in model analysis he was well acquainted with the 'law of mechanical similitude ' , which demonstrates among other things that there are few linear relationships in hull design .
So just what is the answer ?
Let 's take a look ...
Hullspeed and the Matchbox Analogy
Consider your hull as a matchbox - not wonderfully efficient hydrodynamically , but stick with it for a moment .
Dissatisfied with the constraints of matchbox living , you decide to double its size . You add another matchbox ahead to double its length , two alongside to double its beam and four on top to double its draft .
Now wetted area has increased by four , volume and displacement by eight and stability - as the product of its mass and acceleration - has increased sixteenfold .
So by doubling a hull 's dimensions , wetted area is squared , displacement is cubed and stability increases by the power of four .
With this knowledge and that gained by carefully measuring applied force and resultant movement , Froude was able to both calculate and demonstrate that a relationship existed between hull speed and waterline length - that relationship being known and described in the metric world as 'Froude Numbers ' .
The Speed/Length Ratio
However , most of us more accustomed to units of feet and knots are probably more familiar with the Froude Number 's close relation - the Speed/Length Ratio .
The Speed/Length Ratio S/L Ratio = hullspeed ( in knots ) divided by the square root of the waterline length ( in feet )
This discovery enabled Froude to compare the performance of boats of different length . For example a 25ft sailboat moving at 5 knots would have the same S/L Ratio at a 100ft patrol boat steaming along at 10knots , and consequently both would develop the same resistance per ton of displacement at those speeds .
For Froude 's models , having no rig above the waterline to create windage , this resistance was caused by two principal factors ; hull drag and wave making resistance .
Maximum Hull Speed Maximum hull speed ( in knots ) = 1.34 x the square root of the waterline length ( in feet )
Waterline Length 20 feet 25 feet 30 feet 35 feet 40 feet 45 feet 50 feet Max Hull Speed 6.0 knots 6.7 knots 7.3 knots 7.9 knots 8.5 knots 9.0 knots 9.5 knots
These figures relate to a boat in displacement mode . If sufficient power can be applied to overcome hull drag and enable the boat to plane , then other criteria will affect ultimate hullspeed .
You are here : Sailboat Cruising > Sailboat Design > Hull Speed
The five-yearly intergenerational report ought to be highly informative , leading to serious debate about the economic choices we face . In the hands of Joe Hockey , however , it has become little more than a crude propaganda exercise .
As such it will be quickly cast aside , like last year 's report of the Commission of Audit . Within a few days all that will remain is the taxpayer-funded advertising campaign . It , too , will be more about spin than brain-food .
Hockey has shifted the report 's focus from the next 40 years to the government 's present struggles with the budget . The message he wants us to take away is that it 's all Labor fault , but the government has worked hard to greatly reduce the problem . And were not for those crazies in the Senate - who seem to think our spending cuts were unfair - last year 's budget would have set us up for budget surpluses right through to 2055 .
The message we should take away from it , as with its three predecessors , is one no politician on either side is prepared to admit : as our demands on the government for more and better services continue to grow , we will have pay for them with higher taxes . Since our real incomes are projected to rise by almost 80 per cent , this wo n't be so terrible .
PHOENIX ( CN ) – Arizona 's governor on Wednesday signed a bill that prevents jailers from shackling women during labor , delivery , postpartum recovery , or transportation to a hospital to give birth .
Arizona became the 15th state to bar what the ACLU called an “ inhumane and unconstitutional practice . ”
SB 1184 allowed corrections officials to use the least restrictive restraints necessary . It passed unanimously in the state House and Senate and Gov . Jan Brewer signed it Wednesday .
“ The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , the American Correctional Association , the Federal Bureau of Prisons , the American Medical Association , and the American Public Health Association all condemn the practice of shacking pregnant women , ” the ACLU said in a statement . It added : “ The 8th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in 2009 that the practice was considered cruel and unusual punishment in violation of the Eighth Amendment . ”
Like this : Like Loading ...
I know , many people leave the deer 's innards in the dust where they shot it . That 's a pity .
Fortunately , the more deer hunters I meet , the more I meet who keep the liver and heart . It warms the cockles of my heart to see that this “ fifth quarter ” of the animal is at least getting used by some of my fellow hunters . Hopefully , if you try some of these recipes , you will get as excited about the wobbly bits as I am .
Ranging in “ eater difficulty ” from easiest to most challenging , I 'd start with the heart , then tongue — both are just muscles , after all . From there , go for the liver ; livers from young animals are far better than old ones , and honestly , I am not too keen on livers from big bulls or bucks . After liver , go for the kidneys , which I like a lot . But they need to soak first . Finally , yes , you can eat venison tripe . It 's the top challenge of a wild offal eater .
Below are my favorite deer heart recipes , deer liver recipes , as well as a few for other deer offal . If you have a favorite not listed here , leave a comment and I 'll see if I can make it .
Grilled Deer Heart with Peppers If you do n't like this recipe , you do n't like venison . Elk or deer heart cutlets , seared hard and fast on the grill , then sliced thin and served with grilled peppers and onions . It 's awesome . Read More
Tacos de Lengua The Mexican taco truck classic , done with deer or elk tongues . No one who likes tacos wo n't like this . And everyone likes tacos . Read More
Jaeger Schnitzel with Heart Cutlets A German classic using deer hearts , pounded thin , seared hot and fast and served with mushroom sauce . Read More
English Venison Meatballs These are so damn good ! A British classic they call “ faggots , ” these are big meatballs made with venison and liver , with a bit of oats in them , “ Scarborough Faire ” herbs and spices , all wrapped in caul fat or bacon . What 's not to love ? Read More
Like the Recipe ? Buy the Book ! You 'll find everything you need to know to master venison in Hank Shaw 's cookbook Buck , Buck , Moose .
Venison Dirty Rice Made with minced deer liver and venison heart , this is a wild game take on the classic Cajun dish . This is probably the most approachable offal dish I know . Everyone like this ! Read More
Sliced Venison Tongue Salad As its name suggests , this is an appetizer made from braised deer tongue sliced very thin and served on a salad . Read More
Braised Venison Tongue Another braised venison or elk tongue recipe , this one is also sliced thin , but served on crackers with a zippy horseradish sauce . Read More
Simple Seared Venison Kidneys I love deer kidneys . Soak them in milk overnight to cleanse them , then grill the venison kidneys over a hot fire and serve with salt , black pepper and lemon . Read More
Venison Liver Creme Caramel Yep , you heard me . It 's a savory custard that is way more wonderful than it sounds . This is a recipe you need to try to appreciate . Read More
French President Francois Hollande on Thursday confirmed that a National Guard would be formed from existing reserve forces to better protect citizens amid a spate of terror attacks .
Hollande said parliamentary consultations on the formation of the force would take place in September , “ so that this force can be created as fast as possible to protect the French . ”
The revelation came two days after a priest was slain in a church in Normandy by two men who had pledged allegiance to the Islamic State group . The attackers took hostages at the church , in Saint-Etienne-du-Rouvray , in France 's northwest region of Normandy , during morning Mass . After the priest was slain , both attackers , at least one of them a local man , were killed by police outside the church .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
In response to the attack , Hollande vowed to wage war against the jihadist group “ by every means . ”
France remains on high alert after Tunisian Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel plowed a truck into a crowd of people celebrating Bastille Day in Nice , killing 84 and injuring over 300 .
The July 14 massacre was the third major terror attack in France in little more than 18 months .
The string of bloody incidents has left the country jittery , and stoked political finger-pointing , with conservative politicians accusing the ruling Socialists of being weak or incompetent on security .
The overall analysis of the author is correct . There is no reason to believe that China will fail to achieve a per-capita GDP of at least 75 % of the U.S . It is noteworthy in this context that Singapore , Hong Kong , and Taiwan have all reached 75 % of U.S. per-capita ( PPP ) GDP or more ( actually a lot more ) . The key determinant of whether a country reaches `` fully-developed '' status appears to be the skill level of the population ( as measured by PISA , TIMSS , and PIRLS ) . By these measures China ranks very high .
Some people argue that Shanghai , Macau , Singapore , and Hong Kong are unrepresentative ( cities and city states ) . However , Taiwan has a population of 23.5 million and is not a city state . China 's overall level of education is already high and will rise considerably over the next 20-40 years ( particularly in the poorer and more rural parts of China ) .
Please Sign up or sign in to vote .
Introduction
Sometimes it is useful to have dynamic message passing as in Objective-C . The small header presented below allows any class to contain a dynamic message map that can be used to add methods dynamically to an object .
Background
Objective-C is deemed more flexible than C++ because it allows a form of dynamic dispatch known as message passing .
Message passing is a form of dynamic dispatch that does not require implementation of a specific interface type . When sending a message to a target object , it is unknown to the compiler if the message can be handled by the object or not . It is only during the execution of the program that conformance to an interface is discovered .
Message passing is quite flexible because it does not require a lot of planning . Objective-C has been praised for this feature as more flexible than C++ . This article demonstrates how easy it is to do the same in standard C++ ( c++0x ) .
Using the Code
Using the code is very easy . The following steps have to be followed :
Include the header `` mp_object.hpp '' in your project .
Inherit from class mp_object .
. Add dynamic methods to your object by using the method ' add_method ' .
In order to add methods to an object , you need a prototype function . A prototype function can be any free-standing function . The following code is an example of how to declare prototypes and add dynamic methods to your code :
# include < iostream > # include `` mp_object.hpp '' using namespace std ; void draw ( ) { } void setColor ( int color ) { } class rect : public mp_object { public : rect ( ) { add_method ( : :draw , & rect : :draw ) ; add_method ( : :setColor , & rect : :setColor ) ; } void draw ( ) { cout < < `` rect
`` ; } void setColor ( int color ) { cout < < `` rect color = `` < < color < < ``
`` ; } } ; class circle : public mp_object { public : circle ( ) { add_method ( : :draw , & circle : :draw ) ; add_method ( : :setColor , & circle : :setColor ) ; } void draw ( ) { cout < < `` circle
`` ; } void setColor ( int color ) { cout < < `` circle color = `` < < color < < ``
`` ; } } ;
You can invoke an object dynamically like this :
int main ( ) { rect r ; circle c ; r.invoke ( draw ) ; c.invoke ( draw ) ; r.invoke ( setColor , 10 ) ; c.invoke ( setColor , 20 ) ; return 0 ; }
The output of the above is :
rect circle rect color = 10 circle color = 20
Implementation Details
The implementation is very simple , really . The class mp_object has a hash map of prototype function pointers to method pointers . When a method is invoked , the appropriate method pointer is retrieved from the prototype function and executed .
In order to minimize memory usage , the class mp_object uses copy on-write : a method map is shared between many instances , until it is modified . If modified , the method map is copied and the change is applied to the copy .
The mp_object code is 39 lines of code , thanks to C++0x . If a previous version of C++ was used , then a lot of boilerplate code would be needed for doing essentially the same thing .
The code can easily be expanded with new capabilities ; for example , querying an object if it supports a specific method or a form of reflection ( combined with macros ) . These are beyond the scope of this short article , though .
History
A film version of the Nemesis comic , from Mark Millar and Steve McNiven , appears to be edging closer .
Fox had originally snapped up the rights for a movie based on the book , but The Tracking Board is reporting that Warner Bros. has now taken on the project , with Joe Carnaghan ( Smokin ' Aces ) on board to direct .
According to the report , Carnaghan – along with his brother Matthew Michael Carnaghan – has written the screenplay .
Millar projects have proven popular with studios looking to adapt comics , with movies like Kick Ass and Kingsman : The Secret Service performing well at the box office .
There is a problem to consider here though . Nemesis is wretched . It 's unquestionably one of the worst things I 've ever read , comic book or otherwise .
The story follows a supervillain calling himself Nemesis , who is essentially supposed to be an evil version of Batman . He targets the police chief who had imprisoned his criminal father , who then subsequently committed suicide . Nemesis uses his vast resources to travel the world , developing his violent skills , before embarking on a grotesque mission of revenge .
The sheer scale of the unpleasantness in this comic is beyond belief . It 's not just the violence , which is a feature of most Millar comics and becomes stale after a while .
What 's really appalling is just how nasty it is . This comic features the forced insemination of a young girl by her gay brother . Her womb is then rigged to explode if anyone attempts to abort the pregnancy .
Read those two sentences again . If you can take some enjoyment from that , then you are made of hardier stuff than me . Personally , it turned my stomache reading that section of the comic . It 's just vile and hateful .
And then there 's the ending . I wo n't spoil it for you just in case you are crackers enough to want to read this comic . But trust me when I say it is one of the most laughably terrible endings of any comic book , ever . It 's so insultingly bad that it is difficult to believe that Millar has anything other than utter contempt for the people that read his comics .
There is a common thread between the various film adaptations of Millar 's work . They all change the source material in significant ways . Wanted barely resembles the comic . Kick Ass takes plenty from the original comics , but manages to make it more light-hearted and fun which fundamentally changes the feel of the story ( and I say that as someone who actually loved the comic ) .
As for Kick Ass 2 , while the movie is rubbish , it 's still a significant step up on the appalling mess that is the comic . Much as with Nemesis , it 's a book that seems to take glee in coming up with the most appallingly vile things to subject its characters – and by extension , the reader – to .
So there 's my hope . If we absolutely have to have a Nemesis movie , I just hope that it takes as little as possible from the source material as it can . Just the name and the ‘ evil Batman ' gimmick will do .
The world does n't deserve a faithful film adaptation of this comic .
That headline should help give you a better idea of where exactly the production stands . Irish Central is reporting that while at the premiere for his film , Miss Julie , Farrell dropped a bit of True Detective info . One such tasty bite was that he and co-star Vince Vaughn have n't even met yet , which means that we could still be waiting a bit before production really ramps up .
That 's not exactly surprising , but it is sobering . It 's easy to get carried away with the mountain of details that we 've gotten recently , but it 's still important to keep things in perspective . Fortunately , Farrell seems like he 's really pumped for the role :
“ I 've only read half of the eight episodes . It 's phenomenal writing , strong writing . It 's all there on the page . Nic Pizzolatto has done an incredible job creating this new world that is a separate time and separate place and has a completely new array of characters than the first season . ”
His enthusiasm is practically contagious . This is the second time that we 've gotten some information from Farrell , who previously leaked to the world that he was confirmed for the role before HBO could announce it . If most of the crew intends to stay silent , perhaps Farrell will continue to be our font of knowledge .
There are many stunning moments in the documentary “ Inside Job , ” which brilliantly demystifies the story behind the global financial crisis that began in 2008 . For me , the most powerful was something the CEO of a large bank said to his fellow guests at a party held by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson at the height of the crisis .
“ We ca n't control our greed , ” the CEO acknowledged , in a rare moment of candor and insight . “ You should regulate us more . ”
Greed is defined as an excessive desire for wealth or goods . At its most rapacious , greed trumps rationality , judgment , perspective , and any concern with the collateral damage it may cause .
As Michael Lewis has written , “ It 's more than a little nuts for a man who has a billion dollars to devote his life to making another billion , but that 's what some of our most exalted citizens do , over and over again . ”
Greed begins in the neurochemistry of the brain . What fuels our greed is a hormone neurotransmitter in the brain called dopamine . The higher the dopamine levels in the brain , the more pleasure we experience . Cocaine , for example , directly increases dopamine levels .
By using magnetic resonance imaging studies , the Harvard researcher Hans Breiter and his colleagues have found that the craving for money activates the same regions of the brain as the craving for cocaine , or sex , or any other instant and intense pleasure .
Dopamine is most reliably activated by novel stimuli — meaning an experience we have n't had before . We crave recreating that experience . But here 's the problem : if we snort the same amount of cocaine the next time , or earn the same sum of money , dopamine levels tend not to increase .
It was n't money these architects of our demise were after , but rather the satisfaction and security they anticipated money would provide — as it had after their first windfalls . When the rush began to diminish over time , the solution they landed on was to up the ante — dramatically .
If the previous amount did n't do it , then maybe twice as much would — or three times , or ten . It 's a viciously seductive cycle : chasing the increasingly elusive high , forever seeking to recreate that initial rush of pleasure and well-being . When it becomes compulsive , we call it addiction .
Money , and the power and admiration it buys , is the drug . Addicts typically use drugs to avoid pain — most often the pain of feeling insecure and unworthy . Money , like cocaine , gets mistaken for the route to relief .
In the absence of intimate connections to others , or deeply held values , or work devoted to a cause beyond themselves , accumulating wealth becomes the only way these bankers have to try to infuse their lives with meaning , significance and satisfaction .
It 's a pattern that helps explain why Angelo Mozillo , then CEO of Countrywide , would allow his employees to write tens of thousands of home mortgages he knew were likely to default , while selling off his shares in the company as fast as he could , before their inevitable crash .
Or why Steven Rattner , the politically connected founder of the Quadrangle Group , who hoped to someday become Treasury Secretary , would trash his career by making kickbacks to public officials so that he could add a few more a million dollars to the several hundred million he already had .
Or why top executives at so many banks were willing to turn a blind eye as long as the toxic and doomed financial products they were selling delivered big short term profits which translated into huge personal bonuses .
The bankers and their paid enablers — notably regulators and academic economists and equally Democrats and Republicans — were all feeding at the same till . Greed makes for strange bedfellows . But as with any addiction , more and more eventually led to less and less .
Throughout Inside Job , bankers justify their greedy , dishonest , and destructive behaviors the same way all addicts do : by hemming and hawing , rationalizing and minimizing , denying and dissembling .
A cocaine addict plainly does damage to himself and to those closest to him . What 's so frightening about those with an addiction to money ( and skill at accumulating it ) is that the cost can be so great to so many .
Few of us are immune to money 's powerful seduction , but most of never get the opportunity to accumulate huge amounts of it . Count us fortunate . It would be wonderful to believe that those most responsible for the current financial crisis learned sobering lessons from the worldwide havoc and suffering they helped to prompt .
Do n't hold your breath — especially so long as we continue to revere our citizens based on their net worth , even as they 've knocked down ours .
“ We ca n't control our greed , ” the bank CEO at Hank Paulson 's party tells the assembled guests . “ Protect me from my own most primitive impulses , ” he was essentially saying . “ And protect yourselves , too . ”
I 'm a big fan of Matt Asay 's writings about free software . He combines keen analytical intelligence with that rare thing : long-term hands-on experience in the world of open source business . But even though I generally look forward to reading his posts , I have been rather dreading the appearance of one that I knew , one day , he would write ... because it would be wrong . And now he has written it , with the self-explanatory headline : “ Free software is dead . Long live open source . ”
Matt states in his first paragraph what the key issue is :
One of the most inspiring things I 've witnessed in my 10-plus years in open source is its gradual embrace of pragmatism . By `` pragmatism '' I do n't mean `` capitulation , '' whereby open source comes to look more like the proprietary world it has sought to displace . Rather , I would suggest that the more open source has gone mainstream the more it has learned to make compromises , compromises that make it stronger , not weaker .
When I interviewed Richard Stallman in 1999 this is what he had to say on this subject :
The only reason we have a wholly free operating system is because of the movement that said we want an operating system that 's wholly free , not 90 percent free .
Open source exists because of a refusal to compromise by the creators of free software programs . The “ pragmatism ” that Matt lauds is only an option for open source because the people who did all the hard work in creating free software refused to compromise initially .
Ten years ago , Stallman pointed out the dangers of compromise :
If you do n't have freedom as a principle , you can never see a reason not to make an exception . There are constantly going to be times for one reason or another there 's some practical convenience in making an exception .
Compromise is a slippery slope : once you start down it , there are no obvious places to stop . This plays right into Microsoft 's hands : its current strategy is to dilute the meaning of “ open source ” - classic “ embrace , extend , extinguish ” - until it becomes just another marketing buzzword , applied routinely , and ultimately with no real value .
So what ? You may ask . If , as Matt writes , the whole point is “ to go mainstream ” , then such blurring of the line separating free software from non-free software is surely a small price to pay to achieve that wider use of open source . It might seem so in the short term , but I do n't believe it 's a wise strategy in the long term , even from a purely pragmatic viewpoint .
For example , current compromises that include working with Microsoft-developed technologies for which it may hold software patents in some jurisdictions mean that ultimately open source developers are giving hostages to fortune and undermining their power of self-determination in the future .
Moreover , if the term “ open source ” becomes devalued , coders and users will become disillusioned , and start to desert it . The former will find the sharing increasingly asymmetric , as their contributions are taken with little given in return ( something that may well happen even to open source companies using the GNU GPL if they demand that contributors cede their copyright , as most currently do ) . Users will similarly discover that some of these new-style “ blurred ” open source applications fail to deliver the promised benefits of control , customisation and cost-savings .
But , of course , the point is not “ to go mainstream ” : as Stallman said , it 's about having “ freedom as a principle. ” Spreading free software is about spreading * free * software , not free * software * : software is simply the means , not the end . This is what Stallman said a decade ago :
there are more important issues of freedom – the issues of freedom that everybody 's heard of are much more important than this : freedom of speech , freedom of the press , free assembly .
So why does Stallman even bother with free software ?
I do n't see how I could do something more important in some other area .
Stallman doggedly continues his crusade for freedom through free software because he recognises that that is where he can make the greatest contribution .
And because this is how he fights for freedom , without compromise , he is prepared to do and say things that people in the pragmatic world of open source find regrettable – shocking , even . That 's partly because it inconveniently makes their job of “ going mainstream ” harder , and partly because of a genuine distaste for some of Stallman 's actions . But what they overlook is that freedom fighters – for that is how Stallman regards himself – have always been so focussed on their larger goals that mundane matters like convenience and good manners tend to fall by the wayside .
Ultimately , the reason that free software can not compromise is because we compromise over any freedom at our peril : there is no such thing as 50 % free . As history teaches us , freedom is not won by “ going mainstream ” , but by small numbers of stubborn and often annoying monomaniacs that refuse to compromise until they get what they want . The wonderful thing is that we can all share the freedoms they win , whether or not we helped win them , and whether or not we can live up to their high standards of rigour .
But equally , without their obduracy , their constant striving and their eventual victories we would all lose those freedoms , because they are only temporary , and must be constantly reconquered . Specifically , without the fixed point of uncompromising free software , open source would soon mainstream itself into meaninglessness .
Follow me @ glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca .
For the first time ever , brick-and-mortar retailers are not the main source of Electronic Arts ' revenue .
Speaking from a prepared statement Tuesday during the company 's earnings call , EA COO Peter Moore said that `` Apple was EA 's biggest retail partner measured by sales . ''
Moore did n't say exactly how much EA earned from its iOS titles , but the company generated $ 90 million in smartphone and tablet revenue last quarter . Overall digital revenue hit $ 378 million , and the company 's total revenue reached $ 495 million .
If nothing else , Moore 's announcement was surprising . Electronic Arts , as one of the largest game publishers in the world , has historically relied on physical retail stores like GameStop to generate revenue . But as the company noted in its earnings call Tuesday , digital is a huge component in its business , and its iOS push seems to be paying off . EA currently offers several titles for Apple 's iPhone , iPod Touch , and iPad .
( Via GameSpot )
Centrelink debt recovery system 'so flawed it was set up to fail ' , Senate committee says
Updated
A Labor- and Greens-dominated Senate committee has called on the Government to suspend Centrelink 's controversial debt recovery program until it reconciles `` a fundamental lack of procedural fairness '' .
Key points : Committee report made 21 recommendations , including an overhaul of privacy policy
Report said lack of procedural fairness was evident at every stage of debt recovery program
Coalition senators acknowledged initial rollout `` should have received more robust planning ''
That recommendation has been rejected by Coalition senators in a dissenting report , although they have acknowledged that the program had flaws during its initial stages that could have been avoided .
The Department of Human Services ( DHS ) has cross-referenced Australian Tax Office and Centrelink data to determine overpayments for years , but the system was automated in mid-2016 to save money .
With human oversight greatly reduced , thousands of Australians were incorrectly told by Centrelink that they may have outstanding debts that needed to be repaid or clarified .
Some people were contacted by debt collectors before they realised they needed to correct their records to avoid repayments — a problem the Government has sought to amend .
The committee report made 21 recommendations , including an overhaul of privacy policy , and comes after the Commonwealth ombudsman found the program was treating some clients unfairly .
The report considered more than 150 submissions and 1,400 emails and found the program caused avoidable distress by placing the onus of proof on clients to determine the accuracy of Government records .
It said that a lack of procedural fairness was evident at every stage of the debt recovery program , from the drafting of legislation to communication with the public and call centre operations .
`` The system was so flawed it was set up to fail , '' the report said .
Chair of the committee , Greens senator Rachel Siewart , said while she was not opposed to the data-matching process , more human oversight was needed .
`` The rest of the committee came away from this deeply distressed and concerned about how people have been affected by this , '' Senator Siewert told the ABC .
`` They knew they were sending out letters to people who did n't have debts — they did n't have a human checking them .
`` There are a series of flaws that together show a lack of procedural fairness . ''
Coalition rejects central claim of report
In a dissenting report , Coalition senators acknowledged that the program caused concerns to many members of the community and that it could have been improved during its early stages .
`` It has been widely acknowledged by the Government that the initial rollout should have received more robust planning and consideration of the impact and operation of increasingly moving to digital engagement , '' the report said .
`` It was also clear through the early stages of the rollout that further effort was required to ensure customers had sufficient information and access to resources to understand their requirements and to navigate the established review processes . ''
But the senators said some submissions to the inquiry were only interested in scoring political points and `` inflaming the situation '' , rather than resolving the situation .
They called on DHS to improve its data capabilities to consider additional information , such as pensions , trust income , family day care and financial income , when making assessments .
Human Services Minister Alan Tudge has repeatedly stood by the program , saying that unfortunately some people deliberately defraud the Commonwealth and compliance measures are necessary .
Labor 's spokeswoman for Human Services Linda Burney said the report proved the program was not `` working well '' , as Mr Tudge once claimed .
`` This is now beyond the pale , if the Turnbull Government wo n't fix a system that is punishing honest Australians it is either not listening or deeply out of touch , '' Ms Burney said .
Topics : welfare , federal-government , community-and-society , government-and-politics , australia
First posted
Share
Hi , my name is Keith Nelson Jr . I 'm 29 years old and I have never seen a single Star Wars film .
That 's what I told my coworkers at Digital Trends a few weeks back . The air went out of the room . Everyone gasped in disbelief , then proceeded to viciously laugh and pepper me with questions . Yes . I breathed air for 29 years without watching a single second of George Lucas ' space fever dream . All I knew about Stars Wars at that point were glow in the dark swords and daddy issues . This was unacceptable . Like a Sith master and his apprentice ( I think ? ) , they sought to bring me to the dark side .
For the last week , I was force fed all the Star Wars movies I could handle , and in the fanciest , most modern way possible . Yep . I succumbed to peer pressure , partially to shut my coworkers up , but also to finally find out what all the fuss has been about for the last 40 years . That 's right , 40 years : the first film in the Star Wars franchise was was released on May 25 , 1977 , exactly 40 years ago today . So to come to grips with this thing , I watched the series in the new modified machete order . It 's an overly complex , out-of-order way to watch the franchise , likely created by someone with too much free time … and who may or may not understand that all of this is fake .
I started with Rogue One , zipped through Episode IV and V ( A New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back ) before rewinding time and hitting the two final prequels ( Episodes II and III , Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith ) , then Return of the Jedi ( Episode VI ) . Finally , The Force Awakens during which I entered a state of delirium . We skipped The Phantom Menace ( Episode I ) because it was agreed the film is unnecessary torture . What is it with Star Wars fans and the order these movies are watched ? I need a movie just to understand it all .
I sat down in front of a fancy , 65-inch 4K TV with one question in mind : What the hell is Star Wars ? I quickly learned almost everything I thought I knew over the last 29 years was wrong .
The force shines strongest in Episode III
I 'm going to get right to it : As a new watcher in 2017 , Star Wars Episode III – Revenge of the Sith is my favorite Star Wars film , and I 'm ready to throw down Ron Burgundy-style fisticuffs to defend it — which I may have to do , judging by the reactions I 'm getting .
How is a film with non-stop action , the most profound dialogue from George Lucas , and the saddest end to a lightsaber fight in Star Wars history not the best one ? Revenge of the Sith has it all . Even Yoda , the character my friends and I joked was a geriatric , feces-colored ragdoll , had me imitating sword swiping in the air trying to will him to defeat the chancellor . The Empire Strikes Back , my second favorite of the bunch , has the more expansive scope and better talent , but Episode III has more fun . I like fun , do n't you ?
I have seen the light , and it 's gorgeous
Even if you Star Wars purists who bashed the prequels did not like watching some of the films , I 'm sure you loved looking at all of them like I did . The second most surprising thing I was never told about Star Wars is how absolutely beautiful it is . Watching these films on a widescreen , 4K TV made me giddy like a teenager every time I would see all the colors of this universe . If you do not audibly gasp in awe when the Millennium Falcon soars into the picturesque red clouds of Bespin in Empire Strikes Back , and again when Luke 's hanging among them waiting for his ride out of there , blink twice . You may be blind . Watching these films I often whispered to myself “ do you understand how stupid you were not watching this years ago ? ”
I quickly learned almost everything I thought I knew over the last 29 years was wrong .
It goes beyond beauty , though . After 15+ hours of Stars Wars viewing in 10 days , one prevailing thought has put a Darth Vader death grip on my mind : Star Wars is a masterful normalization of the abnormal . Choking people through video chat with The Force seems like a cool iPhone feature now , but Star Wars made me feel at home in worlds that could never exist — a skill current sci-fi franchises like Transformers fail at , despite their best attempts to pummel your eyes with CGI robots that look like they 're made of silverware .
In Star Wars , Most of the alien languages are not translated and Han Solo cuts open a dead animal and stuffs Luke inside it to prevent him from freezing to death at the beginning of Empire Strikes Back . It 's crazy and insane , but feels normal in the strangest of ways . Even the ships and planets look worn and beaten . They are n't glossy and new , as modern films ' vision of of the future often is .
Star Wars hooked me by the end of A New Hope , and has not lost its grip on my fascination … for the most part .
I do n't like Rogue One at all , or Princess Leia
Let 's finally address the $ 3.1 billion wookie in the room : Both of the newer films barely add anything worthwhile to the Star Wars story . The Force Awakens is a really enjoyable movie , but it 's essentially Star Wars 101 . Old characters and props are central to the story and the biggest surprise in the film is the same “ I 'm your father ” plot reheated . And I know it got great reviews , but Rogue One is definitely the worst Star Wars movie . It 's full of characters I did n't care about , and the information it added about the Death Star plans could have been condensed to a 10 minute short before A New Hope . Or maybe Princess Leia could have been the one tearing it up to secure the plans ; her character would 've become a lot more interesting . Frankly , she was boring in the original trilogy .
Speaking of the woman who made cinnamon buns a hairstyle phenomenon , I always heard how she was a great trailblazer for women in sci-fi during the 1970s . So , it brought a tear to my eye when I finished the films and realized every interesting thing about her was tied to a man . For the most part , she 's Han 's love interest , Kylo 's mom , a damsel in distress , or Luke 's sister who she unwittingly gives a passionate kiss to make Han jealous . I almost threw up when I realized Stars Wars really went that far for a romantic arc . Splash some water on your face and wash the nostalgia off , it 's time to admit Princess Leia is the most overrated character in all of Star Wars .
But it 's not all her fault . She also had bad lines . I went into Star Wars knowing the dialogue was going to be horrible , and it lived down to my expectations . The dialogue ( as written ) is so stiff and uninspired I often could not tell if characters were supposed to have emotions in some of the films . Here 's a fun game : replace “ sand ” with “ Star Wars dialogue ” for the following Star Wars quote : “ I do n't like sand . It 's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere. ” Anakin Skywalker said that in Episode II . He talked for a few minutes about sand . George Lucas needs to thank his lucky stars for the fact that actors like Harrison Ford could charm a snake by simply reciting the alphabet .
I 'm happy I watched them in this weird new order
Now that I have hyper-jumped through the Star Wars galaxy , I 'm now at a place where I can confidently say I am happy I saw the films , and even happier I did not watch them when they originally released . I doubt I would have appreciated how wonderfully complex Darth Vader is as a character watching in any other way than the strange “ machete ” order . He was a heartless monster in Rogue One , A New Hope , and The Empire Strikes Back until right at the end when he calls out for his son and then saunters off when Luke decides he 'd rather die than join him . Going directly from that scene into two films centered on how the love of Anakin Skywalker 's wife and child turned him to the dark side made the climax of Return of the Jedi a believable , beautiful end to his story .
Everyone who encouraged me to watch Star Wars told me to not judge the the original trilogy too harshly since the visuals and dialogue have aged a bit . It was as if I was about to meet their very sweet , but very senile grandparent . Starting with the modern look of Rogue One followed by Episode IV and V , and then the last two prequels I could see a cool evolution of Star Wars ' visual effects . If I did not see Episode II right after Empire Strikes Back I would not have noticed how the cheesy look of Han Solo maneuvering through asteroids was vastly more believable when Obi Wan was doing the same in Episode II thanks to its extensive computer-generated effects . But old graphics or not , I still loved seeing the Falcon rip it up .
The Force is ( kind of ) strong
Look , if anyone tells you Star Wars is deep enough to warrant the massive fandom , do not believe them . If someone , like teenage me , tells you Star Wars is horrible , do not believe them either . Star Wars is a wonderfully entertaining franchise with some interesting commentary on the importance of family and the complexities of good and evil . But , it 's a tad overrated , simply because people have literally worshipped it . It 's good , but it 's not that good .
I never ventured into a galaxy far , far away until now because Star Wars barely existed to me growing up . My parents never had any VHS tapes of it around to pass down to a potential padawan ; None of my friends talked about it outside of dirty Yoda jokes ; And the little I did hear about Star Wars just seemed silly . The main character finds out the evil villain is his long , lost father ? Cool . That happens on The Jerry Springer Show every day . Worst of all , I grew up during the age of the Star Wars prequels . My impressionable mind never could shake the sight of grown men dressing up like homeless monks to watch a prequel movie they 're only going to ridicule . As a teenager , all I wanted was to be cool , and Star Wars was to cool what a bandaid is to a gunshot wound . Not enough , and painful to endure .
I would not consider myself a Star Wars fan ( yet ? ) , but I am definitely a Star Wars appreciator . I can feel The Force , but it is not in me . Maybe that will change when I go see The Last Jedi in December . Until then , it is good to finally know what the hell Star Wars is .
On 16 July 2015 the opinion of Advocate General Kokott in the first ECJ bitcoin case ( David Hedqvist ) was published .
Facts
In this case it concerned David Hedqvist , who planned operating the Swedish bitcoin exchange service on his website `` bitcoin.se '' . Through his website ( `` exchange '' ) it would be possible to exchange bitcoin ( a virtual currency ) into Swedish Krona ( in the Bitcoin world also known as `` fiat '' - a currency which derives its value from government regulation or law ) and vice versa . The website operates a bid price and offer price , the difference constituting the remuneration for the services bitcoin.se .
David Hedqvist and the Swedish Tax Authorities were in dispute whether or not the exchange of bitcoin into fiat and vice versa should be considered as a VAT taxable or VAT exempt activity . In this regard the Swedish court referred two preliminary question to the ECJ on 2 June 2014 :
whether or not a service for remuneration rendered by a bitcoin ( virtual currency ) exchange can be treated as a VAT relevant service ; and in case the bitcoin ( virtual currency ) exchange service is VAT relevant , whether a VAT exemption can be applied .
Opinion Advocate General
In the conclusion of Advocate General Kokott ( `` AG '' ) the two preliminary questions were discussed .
Re . the first preliminary question - can the exchange service fall inside the scope of VAT
Based on established case-law , the AG concludes that the exchange of bitcoin into fiat and vice versa by Hedvqist , should from a VAT perspective be treated similar to foreign exchange transactions . This is because , according to the AG , bitcoin can be treated as a `` pure payment system '' with a similar function to a legal tender , i.e . payments . Foreign exchange transactions fall within the scope of the EU VAT Directive , and the consideration for the foreign exchange transaction service is considered to be the net amount of a number of transactions over a period of time . The same should apply to exchange of bitcoin .
Re . the second preliminary question - can a VAT exemption apply on the exchange service ?
The AG subsequently reviews whether such bitcoin exchange service should be VAT exempt . The AG discussed the three financial VAT exemptions which are possibly applicable , i.e . the VAT exemption in relation to ( 1 ) securities , ( 2 ) transactions of currency and ( 3 ) transactions concerning deposits .
The AG concludes that the VAT exemption in relation to securities ( 1 ) and transactions concerning deposits ( 3 ) are not applicable , in the case bitcoin is exchanged into fiat and vice versa .
In relation to the VAT exemption on the transactions of currency , the AG elaborated on the purpose of this VAT exemption , being :
preventing that the conversion of legal tender would be more expensive and unattractive due to VAT ; a wide definition of currency , as all currencies fall under the scope of this exemption , which is necessary to reach the goal of non-VAT taxability on the conversion of currency ( legal tender ) .
Based on the purpose of the VAT exemption , the AG concludes that the exchange of legal tender into pure payment methods ( currencies ) , such as bitcoin ( and vice versa ) , can fall within the scope of the VAT exemption .
Practical measures for bitcoin exchanges
In case you are running a bitcoin exchange established within the EU or outside the EU ( having EU customers ) you might face difficulties with the VAT treatment of your services . In case you are charging VAT on the fees for your exchange service or a VAT assessment is issued by your local tax authorities it would be advisable to secure your legal position . Note that a VAT exemption in principle also results in a limitation of the input VAT recovery right .
The conclusion of the AG may also impact other `` pure payment methods '' , such as vouchers . Up to now , EU Member States have their own - uncoordinated - approach as to the VAT treatment of bitcoin . This case provides clarity and uniformity on the VAT treatment of bitcoin in the EU . However , many other questions remain unanswered , such as the VAT treatment of mining of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies .
Thus , we are looking forward to the ECJ decision , based on which case we will further elaborate on the possible practical impact .
2013 studio album by Arctic Monkeys
AM is the fifth studio album by English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys . It was produced by James Ford and co-produced by Ross Orton at Sage & Sound Recording in Los Angeles and Rancho De La Luna in Joshua Tree , California , and released in September 2013 through Domino . The album was promoted by the singles `` R U Mine ? `` , `` Do I Wan na Know ? `` , `` Why 'd You Only Call Me When You 're High ? `` , `` One for the Road '' , `` Arabella '' , and `` Snap Out of It '' . It features guest appearances by Josh Homme , Bill Ryder-Jones , and Pete Thomas .
The album received critical acclaim from music critics and featured in many year-end lists as one of the best of 2013 . It was nominated for the 2013 Mercury Prize for best album , hailed the Best Album of 2013 by NME magazine , and featured at number 449 on NME 's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time . Commercially , AM has become one of Arctic Monkeys ' most successful albums to date , topping charts in several countries , and reaching top ten positions in many more . In the United Kingdom , Arctic Monkeys broke a record with AM , becoming the first independent-label band to debut at number one in the UK with their first five albums . The album is also considered the band 's breakthrough in America . The single `` Do I Wan na Know ? '' was the first song by the band to enter the Billboard Hot 100 .
AM is also one of the UK 's best-selling vinyl albums of the decade , selling 73,000 units. [ 3 ] . AM has sold 2,890,000 copies worldwide . [ 4 ]
Production [ edit ]
Title [ edit ]
In an interview with Zane Lowe on BBC Radio 1 , Arctic Monkeys frontman Alex Turner said that the album title was inspired by the Velvet Underground 's 1985 compilation album VU : `` I actually stole it from the Velvet Underground , I 'll just confess that now and get it out of the way . The 'VU ' record , obviously . '' He went on to say : `` Did we cop out ? Yeah ! Summat about it feels like this record is exactly where we should be right now . So it felt right to just initial it . `` [ 5 ]
Turner later revealed that the band had nearly titled the album The New Black , after a guitar amp they used in the recording process : `` I got this old Rickenbacker thing that we recorded a lot through . There are no knobs , just two holes . And this little black amp that became known as The New Black . Crossed me mind calling the album that . `` [ 6 ]
Josh Homme contribution [ edit ]
Speaking about Josh Homme 's contribution to AM with Zane Lowe , Turner said : `` The Josh thing was very much a case of one of us returning a back scratch to the other '' , referring to his appearance as a guest vocalist on the Queens of the Stone Age album ... Like Clockwork earlier in 2013 . Turner continued : `` He came down and sort of got us out of a little rut . It 's just fun , it 's friends , extended family now – [ they ] came round , had a fun night . His contribution to our record is really exciting , it 's probably my favourite . The 30 seconds that he 's in there is just , I dunno , it 's like something that I 've never heard before . Not to blow my own trumpet or anything , but you know what I 'm saying . `` [ 5 ] In an interview with 24sata , Turner mentioned that Homme would appear in the song `` Knee Socks '' . [ 7 ]
On 4 July 2013 , Homme mentioned AM at the Rock for People festival in the Czech Republic : `` I sang on the new Arctic Monkeys record . It 's a really cool , sexy after-midnight record . It 's called AM , so I guess that 's really obvious . And it 's really good . It 's really good . It 's not disco [ as such ] , but it 's like a modern , dancefloor sexy record . It 's really good . `` [ 8 ]
Musical style [ edit ]
The album draws inspiration from various musical genres , including psychedelic rock , blues rock , hard rock , heavy metal , desert rock , R & B , soul , and hip hop . [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] Alex Turner described the album as sounding `` like a Dr. Dre beat , but we 've given it an Ike Turner bowl-cut and sent it galloping across the desert on a Stratocaster '' , adding that it `` sound less like four lads playing in a room this time . Essentially , that 's what it is , but if you can find a way to manipulate the instruments or the sounds to the point where it sounds a bit like a hip-hop beat that 'd be boss in your car , then I think there 's something quite cool about that . `` [ 15 ] Turner also cited Outkast , Aaliyah , and Black Sabbath as influences . [ 16 ] [ 17 ] Guitarist Jamie Cook also cited The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars as an inspiration for the album , saying that it was one of the only albums they listened to while recording AM . [ 18 ]
Arctic Monkeys took a different approach to recording AM in comparison to their previous album , Suck It and See , with Alex Turner stating that it is much more a `` studio album '' . The band incorporated new instruments to record the album ; they used keyboards such as piano , organ , and celeste , a Hohner Guitaret , [ 19 ] and a vintage drum machine . Recording was done differently as well ; producer James Ford stated that , instead of the `` live '' recording technique of the previous album , this album was recorded mainly with bass guitar and drums laid down first with emphasis on groove . Helder 's drum kit was often set up in unconventional ways to achieve different sounds . [ 19 ] Guest musicians Josh Homme , Bill Ryder-Jones , and Pete Thomas were featured on the album . [ 5 ]
Promotion [ edit ]
AM Tour [ edit ]
The AM Tour—with over 150 concert dates in Europe , North America , Australia , and New Zealand—was held to promote the album . It started on 22 May 2013 in Ventura , California . The next year , the band shared a short documentary film via their YouTube channel to mark the end of the tour in its South American leg , featuring a performance of `` R U Mine ? '' at its final date on 15 November 2014 , in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . [ 20 ]
Artwork [ edit ]
On 15 July 2013 , the album cover artwork was revealed . [ 21 ] On 2 September 2013 , Arctic Monkeys revealed a track titled `` I Want It All '' during a XFM radio show , [ 22 ] and exclusively played `` One for the Road '' on Zane Lowe 's BBC Radio 1 show . [ 23 ]
The waveform depicted is characteristic of an amplitude modulated ( AM ) signal . [ 24 ]
Other live performances [ edit ]
Arctic Monkeys were scheduled to perform on Jimmy Kimmel Live ! on 9 October 2013 , but had to cancel as Kimmel 's guest , rapper Kanye West , talked for too long . [ 25 ] [ 26 ] The band performed `` Do I Wan na Know ? '' and `` R U Mine ? '' on the show 's outdoor stage a week later , on 16 October 2013 . [ 27 ]
Singles [ edit ]
The first single from the album , `` R U Mine ? `` , was released digitally on 27 February 2012 . [ 28 ] On 21 April 2012 , it was released physically for the Record Store Day as a limited edition double A-side purple 7 '' vinyl . [ 29 ] `` R U Mine ? '' was released as a single on 2 March 2012 . [ 28 ]
`` Do I Wan na Know ? `` , the second single from the album , was released on 19 June 2013 . The song received significant airplay , including joining BBC Radio 1 's `` B List '' , and later moving to the `` A List '' . It was certified Silver in the UK , indicating an excess of 200,000 sales ( becoming the fourth Arctic Monkeys single to do so ) , and has also been successful internationally . [ 30 ]
The third single from AM , `` Why 'd You Only Call Me When You 're High ? `` , was released on 11 August 2013 as a single , together with an accompanying music video . [ 31 ] [ 32 ] The song was leaked online on 29 July 2013 , but quickly taken down . [ 33 ] The song debuted at number eight in the UK Singles Chart , [ 34 ] becoming Arctic Monkeys ' first top 10 single since `` Fluorescent Adolescent '' ( 2007 ) . [ 35 ]
The fourth single to promote the album , `` One for the Road '' , was released as a digital download and 7 '' vinyl on 9 December 2013 . [ 36 ]
On 28 January 2014 , `` Arabella '' was released to radio in Italy ; [ 37 ] the same month , the band confirmed that it would be released as the fifth single on 10 March 2014 in the United Kingdom . [ 38 ] It impacted contemporary hit radio on the scheduled date , [ 39 ] though a planned 7 '' vinyl release was cancelled . [ 40 ]
`` Snap Out of It '' impacted contemporary hit radio in the United Kingdom on 9 June 2014 as the album 's sixth single . [ 41 ] [ 42 ]
Reception [ edit ]
Critical reception [ edit ]
AM has received critical acclaim from music critics . At Metacritic , which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics , the album received an average score of 81 , based on 36 reviews . [ 43 ] Simon Harper of Clash magazine states : `` Welding inspiration from hip-hop greats with rock 's titans , AM is built upon portentous beats that are dark and intimidating , yet wickedly thrilling . `` [ 12 ] Ray Rahman of Entertainment Weekly gave it an ' A- ' , and opined that `` AM mixes Velvet Underground melodies , Black Sabbath riffs , and playful grooves , and has fun doing it . `` [ 46 ] Time Out said of the album : `` One of Britain 's greatest bands just got greater in an unexpected but hugely welcome way . Single men , I urge you : put down FHM and pick up AM . `` [ 53 ] In their 10/10 review , NME wrote that AM is `` absolutely and unarguably the greatest record of their career . `` [ 50 ] In his 8/10 review , J.C. Maçek III of PopMatters praised Turner for being `` at his most poetic to date '' , and called the album `` a wonderfully cohesive and diverse album that fits together incredibly well . `` [ 14 ] Tim Jonze of The Guardian noted that the album `` manages to connect those different directions – the muscular riffs of Humbug and the wistful pop of Suck It and See – with the bristling energy and sense of fun that propelled their initial recordings . `` [ 47 ] Pitchfork 's Ryan Dombal called AM `` paranoid and haunted . `` [ 51 ] In his review of the album , Matt Mason of Q gave it 4 out of 5 stars and wrote :
Not afraid to explore but never radical for the sake of it , the Arctic Monkeys have delivered another triumph . Some of their iridescent energy has been tempered by age , but it 's been replaced by the craft and confidence that made their [ 2013 's ] Glastonbury set so compelling . Not for the first time , they sound like the best band in Britain . [ 54 ]
Accolades [ edit ]
At the 2013 NME Awards , Arctic Monkeys were nominated for Best British Band . `` R U Mine ? '' was also nominated for Best Track , and won the award for Best Music Video . [ 55 ] AM was nominated for the 2013 Mercury Prize for best album , [ 56 ] becoming Arctic Monkeys third album to receive the nomination , after their debut album Whatever People Say I Am , That 's What I 'm Not , and its follow-up , Favourite Worst Nightmare . The album 's second single , `` Do I Wan na Know ? `` , won the Best Track award at the 2013 Q Awards . [ 57 ] `` Do I Wan na Know '' was also nominated as the `` Best Rock Performance '' at the 2015 Grammy Awards . [ 58 ] At the 2014 BRIT Awards , Arctic Monkeys won in the British Album of the Year and British Group categories , becoming the first band to ever `` do the double '' ( that is , win in both categories ) three times ( Coldplay and Manic Street Preachers did it twice ) . [ 59 ]
NME ranked AM number 449 on their list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time , after it only being out for a month . [ 60 ] The magazine has also announced its list of 50 Best Albums of 2013 , with Am I taking the top spot : `` AM felt like a genuine evolution for the Monkeys , and one that was n't without risk . Its success , however , rested on the two things that had always made them special : Alex Turner 's wry way with words , and his way with a tune . NME classified AM 's songs as `` the tales of wasted phone calls , drunken lunges and late-night confessions . `` [ 61 ]
AM boasted an embarrassment of riches on both counts . AM is the album against which everything else will now be measured . `` [ 62 ] 17 music journalists of the Polish media company Agora SA ( Gazeta Wyborcza , Gazeta.pl , TOK FM ) placed AM at number two in their ranking of 10 Best Foreign Albums of 2013 , behind Arcade Fire 's Reflektor . [ 63 ]
AM was ranked # 1 on NME magazine 's list of the 50 Best Albums of 2013 on 26 November 2013 . [ 62 ] The album has also been recognised as one of the bestselling vinyl albums of the decade , selling 27,000 units as of July 2015 . [ 64 ]
Commercial performance [ edit ]
On 15 September 2013 , the album charted at number one on the UK Albums Chart , having sold 157,329 copies , thus becoming the second fastest-selling album of the year , behind Daft Punk 's Random Access Memories . [ 75 ] With the debut of AM on the chart , Arctic Monkeys also broke a record , becoming the first independent-label band to debut at number one in the UK with their first five albums . [ 76 ] Following the band 's win at the 2014 BRIT Awards , the album charted at number two on the chart , behind Bad Blood by Bastille , who also experienced the `` BRITs effect '' . [ 77 ]
AM peaked at number one in Australia , Belgium ( Flanders ) , Croatia , Slovenia , Denmark , Ireland , the Netherlands , New Zealand , and Portugal , and reached top ten positions in several other countries . In the United States , the album sold 42,000 copies in its first week , and debuted at number six on the Billboard 200 chart , becoming the band 's highest charting album in the United States . [ 78 ] In August 2017 , AM was certified platinum by the RIAA for combined sales and album-equivalent units over of a million units in the United States . [ 79 ]
Track listing [ edit ]
All lyrics written by Alex Turner , except where noted ; all music composed by Arctic Monkeys .
Polish [ 80 ] and Japanese bonus track No . Title Length 13 . `` 2013 '' ( hidden track ; begins after approximately 1-minute silence ) 2:28 Total length : 45:18
iTunes live EP bonus tracks [ 81 ] No . Title Length 13 . `` Do I Wan na Know ? '' ( Live from the iTunes Festival ) 4:27 14 . `` Fireside '' ( Live from the iTunes Festival ) 2:59 15 . `` Arabella '' ( Live from the iTunes Festival ) 3:27 16 . `` One for the Road '' ( Live from the iTunes Festival ) 3:28 17 . `` R U Mine ? '' ( Live from the iTunes Festival ) 3:23 Total length : 59:27
Deluxe LP edition – exclusive 7 '' vinyl No . Title Length 1 . `` 2013 '' 2:26 2 . `` Stop the World I Wan na Get Off with You '' 3:12 Total length : 48:21
Personnel [ edit ]
Adapted from the AM liner notes . [ 82 ]
Charts [ edit ]
Certifications [ edit ]
Release history [ edit ]
Country Date Label Format ( s ) Australia [ 156 ] 6 September 2013 Domino CD
digital download France [ 157 ] 9 September 2013 CD
LP
Deluxe LP
digital download Germany [ 158 ] United Kingdom [ 159 ] Poland [ 160 ] 10 September 2013 NoPaper Records CD
LP
digital download United States [ 161 ] Domino CD
LP
Deluxe LP
digital download
This week 's game update fixed some bugs , added Can Bane to the Galactic War Store and introduced a new character , Echo . Full notes can be found here : https : //forums.galaxy-of-heroes.starwars.ea.com/discussion/40543/game-update-5-17-2016 # latest
In addition to the above changes , we also pushed out a fix for Echo , making it so that the AI wo n't use his EMP Grenade ability unless there is something to Dispel .
We also brought back the Omega Battles , giving players a way to earn additional Credits , Ability Materials and the highly sought after Ability Material Omega . This event will run for the next 3 weekends .
The Droids Fight Back event is making a return next week , but this time it 's for all players ! The event has been reworked some to include multiple tiers , including a more challenging level 80 tier .
We found a bug with Sun Fac when the AI was controlling him that was causing him not to use Taunt at the right times , this will be fixed in an upcoming update . We 'll also be fixing a number of other character bugs that the community has reported .
We 're taking a closer look at characters that are underused or are underperforming . Have a character that you want to use but feel they are n't able to compete ? Create a post in the character feedback section on why you feel they are underpowered and we 'll take a look .
We 're also working on some brand-new events that we 'll be sharing additional details on in the next few weeks , stay tuned !
Greetings , Here is everything going on in the community . And apologies for this update coming a little late , needed to wait on some additional information to share
Chicharito yelled ‘ Boss ! ' to get a picture with SAF in United 's title celebrations
As far as we can tell this next piece of footage , from Manchester United 's Premier League title celebrations last Sunday , was only broadcasted in the Arab world .
In the fevered emotions after Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to the Old Trafford crowd to say his farewell , Javier Hernandez left it until the last moment to get his picture taken with Sir Alex .
Holding the Premier League trophy , Chicharito , without a picture with Fergie to put in his scrapbook , suddenly noticed that the great Scot was making his way down the tunnel and away from the spotlight .
With his chance fading Hernandez , complete with a Man United scarf wrapped around his head , dashed off after Fergie shouting “ Boss ! “ Boss ! ” to get his attention .
Fergie heard the Mexican , stopped , and Chicharito got the picture his was so determined to get .
See the excellent footage below .
Religion scholar Reza Aslan ate cooked human brain tissue with a group of cannibals in India during Sunday 's premiere of the new CNN show “ Believer , ” a documentary series about spirituality around the globe .
The outcry was immediate . Aslan , a Muslim who teaches creative writing at the University of California at Riverside , was accused of “ Hinduphobia ” and of mischaracterizing Hindus .
“ With multiple reports of hate-fueled attacks against people of Indian origin from across the U.S. , the show characterizes Hinduism as cannibalistic , which is a bizarre way of looking at the third largest religion in the world , ” lobbyist group U.S. India Political Action Committees said in a statement , according to the Times of India .
In the episode , Aslan meets up with a sect of Indian religious nomads outside the city of Varanasi in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh . The Aghori , as they are known , reject the Hindu caste system and the notion of untouchables , and espouse that the distinction between purity and pollution is essentially meaningless . In the Aghori view , nothing can taint the human body , Aslan said .
“ Kind of profound thought . Also : A little bit gross , ” said Aslan , whose bestselling books on religion include “ Zealot : The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth . ”
The Aghori persuade Aslan to bathe in the Ganges , a river that Hindus considers sacred . An Aghori guru smears the ashes of cremated humans on his face . And , at the Aghori 's invitation , Aslan drinks alcohol from a human skull and eats what was purported to be a bit of human brain .
“ Want to know what a dead guy 's brain tastes like ? Charcoal , ” Aslan wrote on Facebook . “ It was burnt to a crisp ! ”
At one point , the interview soured and one cannibal threatened Aslan : “ I will cut off your head if you keep talking so much. ” Aslan , in turn , said to his director , “ I feel like this may have been a mistake . ”
And when the guru began to eat his own waste and hurl it at Aslan and his camera crew , the CNN host scurried away .
“ Pretty sure that was not the Aghori I was looking for , ” he said .
Aslan also interviewed several non-cannibal Aghori practitioners , including those who ran an orphanage and a group of volunteers who cared for people with leprosy . Still , some critics thought the focus on the flesh-eating Aghori was inappropriate and done for the shock value .
“ It is unbelievably callous and reckless of CNN to be pushing sensational and grotesque images of bearded brown men and their morbid and deathly religion at a time when the United States is living through a period of unprecedented concern and fear , ” Vamsee Juluri , a media studies professor at the University of San Francisco , wrote in the Huffington Post .
( Cannibalism , while not formally outlawed in the United States , may lead to charges related to the desecration of corpses . Eating human brains has been linked to prion disease . )
[ Reza Aslan : A Jesus scholar who 's hard to pin down ]
Some viewers turned to Twitter to express their anger about the program . One of the loudest voices on the social media platform belonged to wealthy Indian American industrialist Shalabh Kumar , who made significant contributions to Donald Trump 's presidential campaign and has angled to become a U.S. ambassador to India . Kumar seemed to perceive the episode as an attack on Hindu Americans who voted for Trump , although Aslan did n't mention Trump .
“ Disgusting attack on Hindus for supporting @ POTUS , ” Kumar tweeted . Invoking the “ Clinton News Network ” — a label that Trump helped popularize — Kumar wrote in a follow-up tweet that the network had no respect for members of the religion . He called for Hindus to boycott CNN .
This is a show about the Aghori not Hinduism # believer https : //t.co/uwroTHp5Ka — Reza Aslan ( @ rezaaslan ) March 6 , 2017
More from Morning Mix
Michelle Obama is n't the only liberal embracing George W. Bush these days
Mexican company says it 's open to provide cement to build border wall
Skulls found in China were part modern human , part Neanderthal ; possibly new species
A violent anti-Semitic hate crime took place early Sunday in East Lansing , Michigan when 19 year old Zachary Tennen was beaten unconscious and then had his mouth stapled by two men , according to his family .
Tennen , a sophomore at Michigan State University , was approached by the men at a party early on Sunday and asked if he was Jewish , his mother said . The men proceeded to raise their right arms in a Nazi salute and said “ Heil Hitler ” , before beating Tennen unconscious . According to Tennen 's mother , 20 people watched while her son had his mouth stapled by the two suspects .
“ It 's an awful hate crime , and what he 's gone through emotionally and physically , it 's scary to put it into words , ”  Tina Tennen told the Indianapolis Star . “ Hopefully the worst is behind us . It 's going to be hopefully not too rough. ” 
Following the attack , Tennen took a cab to a nearby hospital and would eventually receive surgery to have his jaw wired shut in Detroit .
“ I hope that they get prosecuted , go to jail , ”  Tina Tennen told The Star . “ You hear about it in the news , but I guess it 's something that you think never will happen to you. ” 
Michigan State has approximately 3,000 Jewish undergraduate students on campus , according to Hillel , while Oakland County , where Tennen 's family lives , has a Jewish population near 80,000 , nearly 7 % of the county 's overall number . Tennen 's mother said her family has spoken with the school and they have been responsive .
“ The school 's been involved ; we 've been in touch with them . They 've outreached to us . But we 're still trying to find them ( the attackers ) . The job is n't done. ” 
UPDATE : On Tuesday , East Lansing police announced that they did not believe the attack was a hate crime .
President Trump said yesterday that it was the Democrats doing the real colluding and not him , and his press secretary is continuing to push this today .
Sarah Huckabee Sanders first went after former Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon for his comments defending Marc Elias , the Clinton lawyer who hired Fusion GPS to conduct the anti-Trump oppo research :
Clinton spokesman just said he 's `` damn glad '' Clinton campaign colluded w/ Russia to spread disinformation about @ POTUS & influence election — Sarah Sanders ( @ PressSec ) October 28 , 2017
And then Huckabee Sanders said it 's “ indisputable ” the other side colluded :
The evidence Clinton campaign , DNC & Russia colluded to influence the election is indisputable- > https : //t.co/nLRAMrJK3c — Sarah Sanders ( @ PressSec ) October 28 , 2017
CNN and a few other outlets reported last night that charges are being filed in the Mueller investigation , and if the reports are accurate , it will undoubtedly become a big question topic at Huckabee Sanders ' next briefing .
Yesterday CNN 's Jim Acosta asked her , “ Where is the President 's evidence that Hillary Clinton colluded with the Russians ? ” After he pressed again , she said , “ I think I 've addressed that pretty thoroughly . ”
[ image via screengrab ]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter : @ feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
What appears to be a Russian news crew put their camera drone up in the air to capture BMD-21 Grad artillery rockets being fired in Syria . The result very well may be the closest anything has filmed artillery rockets while flying through the air in a war zone—and survived to show the results .
Grad rockets have been around since the 1960s and are still a mainstay in many militaries today . They are a brutally simplistic wide-area anti-personnel and anti-material weapon that does not discriminate who it kills .
If you are a good guy , a bad guy or an innocent bystander standing within its impact pattern without substantial cover , you are likely to have a very bad day . This is what it is like being on the receiving end of such a barrage .
Advertisement
You have to hand it to the Russians . They have been getting very good at capturing even their most antiquated military hardware being used in Syria in very dramatic fashion . These videos offer a lot of eye candy , but these unguided “ dumb ” munitions land somewhere , and often time that is far outside the vicinity of their intended targets .
Advertisement
