With an empire extending far beyond his churches in Seattle , Mark Driscoll is , without a doubt , a major player within white conservative American evangelicalism . And that should scare people who are dedicated to the rights of women in the United States .
Mark Driscoll is , without a doubt , a major player within white conservative American evangelicalism .
religionphilosophy / YouTube
On December 6 , Lindy West of Jezebel published a series of quotes from Seattle pastor Mark Driscoll . Driscoll is known for talking about the demonic practice of yoga , for declaring that maybe Ted Haggard would n't have strayed if his wife had n't let herself go , and for declaring that Jesus is a sword-wielding hero with a tattoo . He seems like the perfect stereotype of a “ bro pastor . ”
But he is far from an outlier in American Christianity . With an empire extending far beyond his churches in Seattle , Driscoll is , without a doubt , a major player within white conservative American evangelicalism . And that should scare people who are dedicated to the rights of women in the United States .
Driscoll is the head pastor of Mars Hill Church in Seattle , a large church comprising multiple congregations throughout the Northwest . He has written several books that are New York Times bestsellers , and asserts that millions of people download his sermons each week . He has nearly half a million Twitter followers . His Acts 29 church-planting network boasts of nearly 500 churches across America . He runs conferences and tours across the country , with attendees reportedly in the thousands . And Mars Hill recently announced , like Falwell 's Liberty University before them , that it is getting in the game of higher education , providing undergraduate and seminary Bible education .
Beyond this empire , Driscoll is endorsed and accepted by numerous popular pastors in evangelicalism . John Piper of the Twin Cities ' Bethlehem Baptist Church has proffered endorsement of Driscoll 's work . The popular Reformed blogging network the Gospel Coalition frequently speaks of Driscoll favorably and hosts writing by pastors from his churches . And Christian rapper Lecrae recently toured with Driscoll for his Act Like Men conferences this past year .
Get the facts , direct to your inbox . Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest . SUBSCRIBE
The reason for Driscoll 's acceptance , despite his indelicate proclamations about masculinity and femininity , is simple : He 's not actually extreme . Indeed , Driscoll 's views of men and women fit right alongside what many seminarians are being taught in the United States , and what many parishioners hear on Sunday morning .
According to Driscoll , a woman 's duty is to stay at home , to have and raise children , while a man 's duty is to protect and provide for the home—not only for his immediate wife and children , but for his children 's children . The two roles are distinct and separate , and any deviation from this norm is considered an abomination not only to Driscoll 's theology but , he believes , to Jesus himself . It 's worth noting that , like 1950s norms , Driscoll 's theology is mainly directed at white American Christians to the exclusion of racial minorities .
Driscoll is not alone in this strict transphobic and homophobic enforcement of gendered roles . Pastor John Piper writes in a blog post against women serving on the front lines ,
Suppose , I said , a couple of your students , Jason and Sarah , were walking to McDonald 's after dark . And suppose a man with a knife jumped out of the bushes and threatened you . And suppose Jason knows that Sarah has a black belt in karate and could probably disarm the assailant better than he could . Should he step back and tell her to do it ? No . He should step in front of her and be ready to lay down his life to protect her , irrespective of competency . It is written on his soul . That is what manhood does .
“ Irrespective of competency , ” evangelicalism tells us , men and women are set in their roles . A woman using her skill set to protect a man , in the evangelical world , is an affront to God and a subversion of her purpose . She is to submit to her husband in all things , because cisgender , heterosexual marriage is the central tenet of this gendered theology . Other pastors fall along these lines too . Kevin DeYoung , a pastor and a contributor at the Gospel Coalition , writes of divorce in cases of abuse :
Let me just add that I am sympathetic to and yet extremely cautious about finding other grounds for divorce . On the one hand , I think it 's possible that God did not mean to give us every possible grounds for divorce in the New Testament . Jesus gave one and Paul ( admittedly , under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit ) , mentioned another one relevant to the Corinthian situation . So might there be one or two other grounds for divorce ? Perhaps . And yet , if you say that you open up a Pandora 's box of trouble . People will argue that psychological abuse is a ground and emotional neglect is a ground and maybe terrible unhappiness is a ground for divorce . I think it is safer biblically to maintain that there are two acceptable grounds for divorce . But having said that , I could envision in extreme situations the elders might conclude : “ This man ( or woman ) has not completely disappeared but his life is tantamount to desertion. ” If a guy is strung out on drugs , gambling all their worldly possessions , and has repeatedly beaten his wife , might that count as desertion at some point ?
Note all the qualifications that a husband must meet before he is considered “ abusive. ” He 's only considered as such most extreme of situations—when there are “ repeated ” beatings . And even then , divorce is only acceptable because the man is not really following God 's plan .
The reason for the contortionist reasoning for divorce is because , often , violence is a central facet of masculinity . As a self-professed fan of mixed martial arts , Driscoll talks of a Jesus who is not a “ neutered , limp-wristed popular Sky Fairy ” or a “ Richard Simmons , hippie , queer Christ , ” but a “ prizefighter with a tattoo down His leg , a sword in His hand , and the commitment to make someone bleed. ” Jesus himself is enlisted in the bloody battle , employing violence to get his way and to protect “ his bride ” ( the church ) . Women , then , in perfect submission , must submit to their husbands in all , and hope that such violence does not turn on them .
This view of violent protective masculinity appears time and again in popular evangelical works about men and women . John and Stasi Eldredge , authors of the popular relationship books Wild at Heart and Captivating , write of men as knights , bloodied from battle , fighting sorcerers and dragons to rescue their fair maiden . The difference between men and women , it seems , is that of violent defense . Violence is an inherent feature of masculinity that serves an arbitrarily violent God . Conversely , demure submission is an identifying feature of womanhood—submitting themselves even while suffering bodily harm .
This view is naturally quite transphobic and heteronormative . Men and women are seen as separate , biologically defined categories , and any deviation from these norms is defiance against Jesus himself . The remarkable thing about Driscoll 's Mars Hill Church is that many of his congregants are young , 20-something men . He proclaims that his goal is to get men back into church , because godly men are the backbone of the family , which is , in turn , the backbone of America . He preaches against not only abortion , but against hormonal birth control , which he calls “ potentially abortive . ”
Much of mainstream media treats Driscoll as a fringe element , a sideshow curiosity . But he is far from it—Driscoll is quickly becoming the center of American evangelicalism . With the number of young people he is reaching , people outside the evangelical sphere should be worried .
He is making his views religiously sanctioned for an entire generation of young people—people who will teach their children the same things and vote in elections in large numbers . Driscoll 's influence is not something to be laughed at—rather , it should be feared .
Von Kaiser Soundboard : Punch-Out ! ! Wii Play voice and fighting sounds from Von Kaiser of Punch-Out ! ! Wii . Also includes Doc Louis Tips .
Aeon Soundboard : Castlevania Judgment Aeon is the main character on Castlevania Judgment , of the Nintendo Wii .
Raichu Soundboard : Pokémon Puzzle League Play all of the sounds from Raichu , on Pokémon Puzzle League of the Nintendo 64 .
Arbok Soundboard : Pokémon Puzzle League Play all of the sounds from Arbok , on Pokémon Puzzle League of the Nintendo 64 .
Destoroyah Soundboard Soundboard for Destoroyah , who has appeared in a number of Godzilla films . Thanks to AsylusGoji91 for the audio .
Mario Soundboard : Mario Kart – Double Dash Play all of the sounds from Super Mario on Mario Kart : Double Dash , of the Nintendo GameCube .
Col. Campbell Soundboard : Metal Gear Solid Soundboard for Col. Roy Campbell of Metal Gear Solid . Includes anger , insults , trying to stop Metal Gear , and more .
Mr. T Soundboard Mr. T Soundboard from various episodes of The A-Team . Includes anger , threats , yelling about his Van , and more .
Sheogorath Soundboard : Oblivion and Skyrim Sheogorath Soundboard from The Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion , and The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim . Contains over 140 sounds , including him trying to order food . Thanks to ICEnJAM for the audio .
A House Democrat said Wednesday that it `` really bothers me '' when people claim the U.S. Constitution was designed to limit the federal government 's power .
At a Wednesday House Judiciary Committee hearing focusing on whether Congress should consider impeaching IRS Commissioner John Koskinen , Rep. Jerrold Nadler , D-N.Y. , said the founding document of the U.S. was designed for the `` opposite '' purpose .
Koskinen is being accused of making misleading statements and failing to produce essential evidence for the committee 's investigation into the targeting of politically conservative groups by the Internal Revenue Service .
`` The Constitution was enacted to strengthen government power to enable central government to lay taxes and to function effectively . We put limits on that through the Bill of Rights , but the Constitution was enacted for the opposite purpose , '' said Nadler .
He said that after former assistant U.S. attorney and self described conservative constitutionalist Andrew McCarthy argued during his testimony that the `` principal purpose of the Constitution is to limit the power of government to intrude on the liberties and suppress the rights of the American people . '' Nadler said he wanted to make that `` historical correction '' because he hears people saying the contrary and `` it really bothers me . ''
After reading through the Baron Trump 4chan and conspiracy posts , I realized I wanted to delve into the topic for myself . I did n't just want to take anybody 's word for it , so I ordered a copy of “ 1900 , Or : The Last President ” by Ingersoll Lockwood . To be honest , I ordered this because it was only $ 5 on Amazon versus “ Baron Trump 's Marvelous Underground Journey ” which was about $ 25 . Anyway , I also felt that this book had an eerie title , and I wanted to see if there was something actually deeper there .
In the foreword , Tarl Warwick writes , “ Somewhere along the lines it seems Lockwood went past crafting a short political satire and delved into something deeper . Regardless , the semblance of this work to modernity is uncanny to a frightful degree – if he was indeed not practicing some sort of foresight , he tapped into the same unwittingly ” ( p.4 ) .
After reading the book , I am completely shocked . The entire time , I honestly kept thinking “ this is boring ” , and I have to admit the language made it difficult to get through . I stopped at chapter 5 a few weeks ago , and I did not pick it up until today . I honestly believe this book is predictive ( or even something more ! ) , but wait until you read the conclusion for it to really hit you ! Here is a summary of each chapter . I saved you the trouble of reading it , but if you are not sure , order a copy yourself , and see if I am on the right track .
Summaries
Chapter 1 : Bryan is elected president of the United States , and mobs are breaking out in NYC . On page 7 it states , “ The Fifth Avenue Hotel will be the first to feel the fury of the mob. ” Interesting , Trump 's hotel is currently located on 5th Avenue . The chapter basically describes a battle between those who support the president “ Bryan ” and those who do not , and ultimately , the “ city ” is saved from the protesters ( anti-Bryan ) but not necessarily the republic .
Chapter 2 : The next chapter transitions to Chicago . Bryan won the election by 24 electoral votes , and he is looked at as a savior and even God to many . It appears that the people finally feel that the rich man will fairly pay for his portion of happiness ( p. 11 ) .
Chapter 3 : This chapter takes place after the election , nearing toward the inauguration day . While there are still many that oppose and fight against Byran , he has the love of the “ Common People . They “ were so dear to Mr. Byran , and who had made him president in the very face of the prodigious opposition of the rich men , whose coffers had been thrown wide open all to no purpose , and in spite too of the Satanic and truly devilish power of that hell upon earth known as Wall Street ( p. 14 ) '' . I think the most important thing to take away from this chapter is how the “ common man ” feels a deep connection to Byran .
Does anybody feel like this sounds exactly like the type of people Trump appeals to ( btw it appeals to me ) .
Chapter 4 : At the beginning of Chapter 4 , the author notes that there is a strange prophecy that there would be a dawnless day . Well , that prophecy was fulfilled , and on March 4 , 1897 , the “ Dawnless Day ” occurred . The President was to announce the selection of his cabinet , and many said that this would ultimately prove that he was a “ sell-out ” , but apparently their apprehensions were misguided . The president chooses a strong cabinet , and most notably , he chooses Lafe Pence as secretary of agriculture . His inauguration speech , again , is aimed at the common people , and then he gives out executive order one – the immediate abandonment of the “ gold reserve ” and the gold and silver standard of the Constitution shall be resumed . People 's reactions were of shock , exhaustion , and sheer terror , especially those on Wall Street .
Chapter 5 : There are fifty thousand people on the streets of Washington without bread or shelter , and the president establishes camps and reserves rations for these “ common people. ” On page 20 it states , “ the first act…was an act repealing the act of 1873…and opening the mints of the United States to the free coinage of silver at the ratio of sixteen to one , with gold. ” This chapter mentions a bill for the admission of New Mexico and Arizona ( interesting ! ) , and a division of Texas of east vs. west . The chapter ends with the “ long session ” of Congress ending .
Chapter 6 : The beginning of this chapter notes somebody wanting to “ move the usual adjournment of the holidays ” and people are very upset . They are not willing to take a break – there is much to be done . They say there should be no adjournment until they can “ emancipate ” the Common People . On Washington 's birthday , the president makes an address on how great the country is doing – a lovely speech . At the end of the chapter , the president says that he hopes his epitaph will read , “ Here lies the friend of the Common People . ”
Chapter 7 : Things start to get out of control , and it states , “ There began to be ugly rumors that the government was no able to hold the white metal at a parity with gold. ” The Common People started to protest , and new taxes were put on the wealthy . Unfortunately , the government was powerless to stop the decline of the dollar . People began to hate the name of “ silver ” .
Chapter 8 : In '99 , rioting broke out everywhere , especially in the north , and socialism and anarchism “ found willing ears. ” – that 's a little unnerving , is n't it ? The South seems to form great power , and they are extremely upset about the tax put on them , especially because the North is much richer . There are cries of treason and the republic is shaken at its foundations . The North then had to start to prepare for a second rebellion . The president was deeply troubled .
Chapter 9 : The rebellion had been squandered , but there was a new prophecy that the North , “ rich with 100 cites ” , would rise against the federal government . There would have been a revolution within a revolution . The North would have to fight or lose its power . ( From my understanding , the South seems to be the Common People ) . The North wanted to separate itself from the union and from its own republic . How long would they have to wait ?
Chapter 10 : Congress refused to adjourn over the holidays . The entire chapter centers around the final debate between the North and South . At the point the president is pale , and seems to be weak . The Speaker of the House says the president must resign . Then , the president speaks , and it seems almost godly – he has everybody back under his power for a moment ! Out of nowhere , the capitol is struck by dynamite and destroyed ( what a twist ! ) . The republic was dead , and “ it had died so peacefully , that the world could not believe the tidings of its passing away ” ( p. 43 ) .
CREEPY ENDING
“ As the dawn broke cold and gray , and its first dim light fell upon that shattered dome glorious even in its ruins , a single human eye ( the all-seeing illuminati eye ? Wtf ? ! ) filled a gleam of devilish joy , looked up at it long and steadily , and then its owner was caught up and lost in the surging mass of humanity that held the Capitol girt round and round ” ( p. 43 ) .
Conclusion
I have to admit that reading this was tough and boring , but the conclusion I am gathering from the book is that it is all planned . Perhaps the president has good intentions , and perhaps he does not . Who is to say who is bad in this book ? The North or the South ? It is interesting that is directly linked to the dichotomy today of the left vs. right .
Ultimately , the republic is destroyed , and the “ one eye ” ( I have goosebumps ) is pleased in quite the devilish way ! Perhaps there really is a devilish power controlling us all ?
Perhaps the lesson from this book is that even if we do all disagree on some major points , we need to unite in some way . They are constantly using this divide and conquer tactic , and it is undoubtedly working . When they divide us enough , they can crush our union , and then they can truly take over .
Trump causes much controversy , and maybe just maybe , he really is looking out for the welfare of the people , just as president Byron seems to be . However , it seems that some more malevolent force has put him into office so that he can ultimately divide the people . Whether or not Byron is really for the common people in this book is hard to say , but it might be so , and I would say the same is true of Trump . Is he really for the common people , or is he part of the ultimate plan ? What is for sure is that the division is the most prominent part of this book : The Common people vs. the Wealthy ( does this not sound familiar ? )
I am going to order the “ marvelous adventures ” series next , and do an analysis on that if you are interested . Any commentary is welcome . Please remember that I actually saved you some time and read the book , so please do not attack me ! ! 😊
Primary teachers and principals are concerned that there is not enough English language support being given to immigrant children in schools .
Primary teachers and principals are concerned that there is not enough English language support being given to immigrant children in schools .
Migrants need more help with English
Primary teachers and principals are concerned that there is not enough English language support being given to immigrant children in schools .
Teaching English to migrant families , who are not fluent , is seen as a crucial part of integration .
The Government 's own Migration Integration Strategy says migrants have a need for well-developed English language skills in order to integrate well and participate fully in the life of the state .
Highligthing cuts : Peter Mullan of the INTO
The Government has stated that it will review the adequacy of English language supports in schools .
But the Irish National Teachers Organisation ( INTO ) says the number of English language support teachers in schools was slashed by 1000 in the recession - and the numbers have never recovered .
After the upsurge in immigration at start of the last decade , the Government appointed special teachers to help migrant children with English .
Peter Mullan , INTO assistant general secretary , said : `` This meant that schools could tackle language barriers and within a couple of years , the children were able to access the curriculum reasonably well .
`` When the crisis hit , those teachers were among the first to be taken out of the system . ''
At the time of the crash , Dr Colm McCarthy , author of the 'An Bord Snip ' report , justified cuts of English language support by saying : `` Those who teach English to newcomer children ... are not needed as much as they were before . ''
Dr McCarthy based his remarks on estimated immigration patterns . But any forecast of a significant exodus of migrant families proved wide of the mark , and numbers have continued to rise during this decade .
The 2016 census figures show 612,018 Irish residents speak a foreign language at home , an increase of 19pc since 2011 . Polish is the most common language , followed by French , Romanian and Lithuanian .
Of these foreign language speakers , 77,000 did not speak English well , or they did not speak the language at all . Among the nationalities professing the least ability at English were Poles , Romanians , Chinese and Brazilians .
Despite the continuing increase in the number of migrant families , the number of language support teachers has not been restored to the levels before the economic crash , according to Peter Mullan .
Mullan says the budget for English language support has tended to be rolled in with special needs .
Schools are only assigned extra language support teachers in exceptional circumstances .
The number of migrant children entering education varies enormously from school to school .
In some schools , over half the pupils are from migrant backgrounds , and the school population can be affected by a sudden influx of families .
Scoil Ghobnatan in Mallow , Co Cork is among the most cosmopolitan schools in the country , welcoming children of 40 different nationalities . Up to 55pc of the 570 pupils in the school come from backgrounds where English is not the primary language .
The school only has one full-time teacher devoted to English language support , and the school is assigned a temporary support teacher every year after pupils are tested for language proficiency .
Principal Mick Walsh said : `` Before the recession we had far fewer children needing language provision , but we had four English language teachers at the time . ''
He says the number of migrant children is high throughout the school .
More than half of the students arriving into Junior Infants next autumn have an international background . The new intake will include four Syrian children . English language support teachers have special training , often through continuous professional development . Walsh says : `` These teachers are very well trained . The problem is that they are spread far too thin . '' The focus in Scoil Ghobnatan and many other schools is on giving children help with English in the Junior and Senior Infants classes .
The language support teachers often work in the classroom .
At various points during the year children would also be taught in a resource room .
`` The problem in the school is that for English language support we now have much larger groups for shorter periods of time . ''
Problems with English language support can continue at second level , particularly if children arrive from abroad during that period without the benefit of language learning at primary level .
In a 2015 paper on second-level supports , Trinity College academics found that most principals felt that staff were not prepared for the inter-cultural classrooms now facing them .
One education official who has worked in the area of English language support says helping students with poor English can be more complex at second level . Because children are taught subjects by separate teachers , timetabling for English language support can be more difficult . Despite the concerns , the census figures appear to show that the ability of migrants to speak English improves rapidly once children start school . Only 386 children at primary level are unable to speak English at all .
In families where a foreign language is spoken at home , children of second-level school age are the cohort with the best English speaking ability and they outperform adults , according to the census figures .
Close scrutiny of the census figures may serve to highlight the need for more comprehensive English language classes for adults .
According to the 2016 census , 15pc of people in the 25-64 age group who speak foreign languages at home speak English either `` not well '' or `` not at all '' .
Local education and training boards organise free language classes for newcomers , but these are limited in their scope .
Inez Bailey , director of the National Adult Literacy Agency , says : `` It 's a very basic service - usually between two and four hours a week - and in areas where there are high population densities , there can be waiting lists to get on a course .
`` Having good English language classes is very important . A lot of these people are trying to improve their prospects in terms of careers and support their children in education .
`` Being able to speak the language is essential in terms of socialisation and integration in communities . ''
'How can refugees integrate if they do n't chat and talk to Irish people ? '
Razan Ibrahim
Journalist Razan Ibraheem believes learning good English is crucial for the Syrian refugee families that have arrived here since the start of the year .
The former teacher came here from Syria to study for a master 's degree in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages ( TESOL ) at the University of Limerick in 2011 .
Ibraheem ( above ) now works in Dublin as a journalist for Storyful .
She says good English will help refugees and immigrants integrate into the new society and culture .
`` How can refugees integrate if they do n't chat and talk to Irish people and know how Irish people think , their values and their dreams and vice versa ? ''
She is in favour of maximising the number of English classes for refugee children .
`` From my own experience , schools in Ireland have been making great efforts to integrate the new refugee students by providing extra classes . ''
`` However , children learn English more easily than adults .
`` I think more focus and effort should be spent on adults to empower them - and help them to break the ice with the new community and help them to find jobs .
`` The English courses should be intensive and should not only focus on grammar and conversation . They should also introduce refugees to Irish law , history and culture . ''
Irish Independent
Evidently I 'm not the only one who 's seeing what 's happening . I 've been writing for years about how we 're approaching a volatile social situation due to the tension between those with and those without . My essay called “ A Future Divided ” loosely handles a number of scenarios along these lines , and a recent report from the U.N. just comes out and states it .
High levels of inequality can lead to negative social , economic and political consequences that have a destabilising effect on societies , ” said the report . “ [ They ] create social and political fractures that can develop into social unrest and insecurity .
The report goes on to talk about how race is a major factor in the inequality in U.S. cities , giving the example of New York as the 9th most unequal city in the world :
In western New York state nearly 40 % of the black , Hispanic and mixed-race households earned less than $ 15,000 compared with 15 % of white households . The life expectancy of African-Americans in the US is about the same as that of people living in China and some states of India , despite the fact that the US is far richer than the other two countries .
I find it very odd that the Upper West Side in NYC is full of some of the richest people in the world , and yet it 's surrounded by what equate to third world nations . Walking around in Queens you can feel it . The place is completely run down , people do n't trust each other , and it seems most are struggling just to survive . People are not happy , and the fact that the super-rich are a “ stone 's throw ” away is catastrophe with a lot of potential energy .
To continue to ignore this is completely asinine . The only solution is to lift everyone and eliminate the massive levels of inequality . We have to take all steps necessary to stop creating more pain in the world ; it only magnifies at an exponential rate . In short , the strategy of the elite to isolate themselves from the poor is not a strategy–just ask the French .
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Work is still ongoing at the Riverside before the start of the Premier League season .
Despite Middlesbrough 's opening fixture with Stoke being just three weeks away , the construction team are working seven days a week in order to ensure that the work is completed .
Boro had to fork out £5m for a revamp of the stadium for it to meet Premier League requirements which have changed massively since the last time the team was in the top flight .
Work being carried out on the stadium includes : improved media room ; new floodlights ; new camera positions and maintenance to improve safety and security .
The new LED floodlights have been installed , and the new TV gantry is in place in the East Stand - though scaffolding still surrounds it .
Though the work is still being carried out on the stadium , the likelihood is that it will all be finished before the start of the new season - all set for its first appearance back on Match of The Day .
Valkyria : Azure Revolution , a spin-off from SEGA 's Valkyria Chronicles franchise , saw a demo released in Japan alongside the retail release of Valkyria Chronicles Remastered for PS4 in early February . While Valkyria Chronicles Remastered was met with positive reactions , reactions to the demo of Valkyria : Azure Revolution were mixed to say the least . According to Siliconera , via Hachima , developer Media.Vision received three times the amount of player feedback than expected and plenty of it was harsh . Based on what they heard , the developer has since reworked the battle system , which was more action oriented in the demo , to be more RPG-like in the final game .
Added is a new action gauge for both sides of combat which will allow players to strategize . The new system will allow actions to be done once the gauge fills , and players will be able to stop time while using weapons and abilities – much like a traditional RPG . The game 's director , Takeshi Ozawa , believed that since this is a Valkyria title , a more strategic battle system was required . It 's great that Media.Vision is taking the feedback to heart , but it is kind of odd that it took them this long to realize that a Valkyria Chronicles game functions best when the combat has strategy involved . Makes me wonder if this early demo was a test to see if a action Valkyria game would fly with fans .
The next demo for the game should be available this summer .
[ Via : Siliconera ]
'Mommy blogger ' Lacey Spears in court in June 2014 .
A woman accused of slowly poisoning her son to death to gain attention on social media may have lied about sexual abuse , eating disorders , abortions , and parenthood , say those who knew her .
Lacey Spears was indicted this week in White Plains , New York , on second-degree charges of depraved murder and manslaughter in the Jan. 23 death of her 5-year-old son , Garnett Paul Spears .
The boy died from acute sodium poisoning , and investigators say his mother injected high doses of sodium into his gastric feeding bag after medical personnel left the hospital room and then attempted to dispose of the evidence .
Investigators believe Spears may suffer from the rare psychological disorder , Munchausen by proxy , which causes parents to harm their children to gain attention and sympathy .
The cause of the disorder is unknown , but some researchers believe it may be triggered by abuse or neglect endured by the parent during childhood .
The Journal News conducted a lengthy probe into Spears that found the 26-year-old had a troubled past littered with disturbing signs and concerning behavior .
A childhood friend said Spears claimed as a teen she had been abused , although no public finding has ever been issued in that case .
Authorities in New York have interviewed many of the same friends reporters spoke to in their investigative report , including her best friend in elementary and middle school .
“ She 'd collect Beanie Babies and American Girls dolls , ” said that friend , Jessica Lee Kyle . “ With her American Girl doll and my regular baby doll , we 'd act like we were the babies ' mothers . We would take care of them as if they were our own kids , ( but ) she took it to a more extreme level than I did . Even if she went to Walmart , or out and about , she 'd take ( the doll ) everywhere . It was something that gave her comfort . ”
Kyle said her friend abruptly changed her behavior as they entered middle school in Alabama .
“ She decided it was time to grow up and put the baby dolls aside , ” Kyle said .
But Spears continued to attach herself strongly to babies , acquaintances say , and she claimed to be pregnant in 2002 , when she was 14 .
“ I said , ‘ Do your parents know ? What 're you going to do ? ' ” said Paula Sandlin , now 47 , who she met through a church softball team . “ I did n't believe her ; she did n't look pregnant . But I did n't want to call her a liar , in case there was some bit of truth to it . ”
Sandlin said the teenaged Spears later told church members she 'd had an abortion at a hospital , but a friend pointed out that hospital did not perform the procedure , so she claimed she 'd gone to Florida .
“ If she did n't get a certain reaction , she would move to a bigger lie , ” Sandlin said .
She also said Spears claimed she was anorexic , although others could prove she 'd eaten when she claimed she had n't , and Sandlin said the church 's youth pastor intended to hold an intervention to confront her about lying , although he called it off after speaking to the teen 's mother .
Spears also posted photos on MySpace of children she babysat , claiming they were her own .
When one mother confronted Spears , the newspaper reported , she apologized and insisted she 'd never hurt the child .
Spears gave birth to her own son at 21 years old , and the boy spent much of his life in hospitals and doctors offices – including 23 hospital trips in his first year , according to her Facebook page .
“ If you 're a girl raised in a family in which you do n't get the nurturance that every person needs to form a healthy personality , you start to take in things from the outside that will give you a ready-made personality , ” Dr. Mark Sirkin , a clinical psychologist and Mercy College professor , told The Journal News . “ Being a mom is a ready-made role that our society provides women . I would speculate that this young woman was so empty that here was this ready-made social role that she could jump into . And who does n't love a caretaking mom ? ”
Sirkin said he has not examined Spears , but he 's read news account of Garnett 's life and death .
“ Even at a very early age , she could get praise – which I 'm guessing she desperately sought – for being a good mother , role model , and caretaker , ” Sirkin said . “ And the Internet gave it this extra oomph , a lot of juice . Suddenly , she 's not just a good mom in a small family group , she 's an international good mom , a viral good mom . Suddenly , everyone 's giving her these kudos . ”
Spears — who has come to be known as a “ mommy blogger ” — posted about her son , his health , and their life together on social media — although she rarely tweeted , and not since 2010 , and her blog , Garnett 's Journey , had only two posts , one in 2011 and another in 2012 .
“ First , she 's the mother of a child that is n't hers , ” Sirkin said . “ But at least she 's a mother . That 's a good story , right ? Then , she 's the mother of a child who has problems , and she becomes the hero of her story . That 's a great story . ”
The psychologist said that could have come together in a “ perfect psychological storm ” that caused her seek additional attention for being “ the heroic mother of a damaged child . ”
“ We are the stories we tell ourselves , ” Sirkin said . “ That 's what a self is . It 's the story you tell yourself . You can see her making these efforts to tell her story and re-tell her story and re-tell her story in increasingly functional ways for her but perhaps dysfunctional in the long run . ”
Watch this video of prosecutors outlining their evidence against Spears in this video posted online by The Journal News :
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Liberia 's government says teaching will now begin on 16 February
Liberia has delayed planned re-opening of schools , saying they are not not yet fully prepared to prevent the spread of Ebola .
The schools - closed in July - had been due to open on Monday , but teaching will now begin on 16 February .
The BBC 's Mark Doyle says several schools he has seen are woefully unready to prevent Ebola infection .
He says they are lacking chlorinated water for hand-washing and thermometers to check pupils do n't have fever .
Some schools were used as Ebola treatment offices or holding centres , our correspondent adds .
Liberia - alongside with its West African neighbours Sierra Leone and Guinea - has been the hardest hit by the outbreak of the deadly virus .
In Liberia alone , more than 3,600 people have been killed .
However , Liberia appears to be beating Ebola , as there now only five confirmed cases across the country .
Clash : Goldman Sachs is facing claims that it duped Libyan officials in Colonel Gaddafi 's regime into investing almost £800m . Above , Colonel Gaddafi
Goldman Sachs is facing extraordinary claims that it duped Libyan officials in Colonel Gaddafi 's brutal regime into investing almost £800million by plying them with girls , lavish parties and luxury trips .
The world 's most powerful investment bank is facing a bruising High Court battle with Libya 's giant sovereign wealth fund , set up in 2006 to invest the country 's oil riches after economic sanctions were lifted .
The Libyan Investment Authority claims Goldman Sachs abused the financial illiteracy and trust of Gaddafi-era officials by persuading them to invest in complex financial instruments during the financial crisis .
The investments were linked to companies whose share price crashed , including US bank Citigroup and French energy giant EDF .
They proved a disaster for the Gaddafi regime , leaving it with losses of £660million , while Goldman raked in profits of more than £200million .
The Wall Street giant has faced embarrassing accusations from one witness for the LIA , Catherine McDougall , an Australian lawyer who advised the fund at the time .
She alleged that Goldman , spearheaded by former executive Youssef Kabbaj , courted financially illiterate LIA officials by taking them to expensive clubs in London and on a ‘ lavish trip to Morocco ' that included ‘ heavy drinking and girls . '
In one email exchange , Mr Kabbaj – who left Goldman in 2009 – told an LIA employee to ‘ divorce your wife for the weekend ' . Goldman has denied any wrongdoing .
It will say that following an ‘ extensive review of expenses related to LIA ' , the total amount claimed by Youssef Kabbaj in 2007 and 2008 was around £50,000 .
It said most lunches were either in Goldman Sachs canteens or in ‘ standard business restaurants ' generally charging $ 100 a head .
According to the bank , Mr Kabbaj did accompany LIA officials on business trips to several countries , including a ‘ handful of dinners ' during two trips .
But it added they were ‘ entirely normal dinners at respectable , traditional restaurants . '
The trial , which is expected to take place next year , will also see Goldman go head to head with Sofia Wellesley , the granddaughter of the Duke of Wellington and the wife of pop star James Blunt .
Claims : The Libyan Investment Authority claims Goldman Sachs abused the financial illiteracy and trust of Gaddafi-era officials by persuading them to invest in complex financial instruments during the financial crisis
Written arguments submitted by the LIA have quoted a 2007 email sent by Ms Wellesley , who previously worked for the fund , suggesting that the Libyan officials were no match for the razor sharp minds working for Goldman Sachs .
She said LIA was ‘ staffed by a team of clearly naïve , unqualified individuals…doing their best in the face of extremely intelligent , ambitions and experienced individuals '
But Goldman has claimed the trades ‘ were not difficult to understand ' and there is ‘ no suggestion that the LIA lacked sophistication to make those investment decisions . '
Combining the raw exterior remnants of source stones with the finely-tuned architectural details of sacred spaces , these marvelous fossil-like miniatures combine compelling elements of organic forms with heroic amounts of human effort .
Matthew Simmonds studied art history before becoming a stonemason , then turned his knowledge and skill toward a hybrid pursuit : sculpting spaces from sandstone , limestone and marble .
What he uncovers inside each chunk becomes part of a graceful juxtaposition with the rough and unaltered exterior shells that remain . His works also convey a sense of discovery , as if archeologists had dug down to find these marvelous wonders buried in history .
“ Making a play of architectural spaces on a small scale , the solid stone is opened up to reveal internal worlds , often intricately carved , in which the changing viewpoint and light play a strong role in defining the sculptures . ”
“ Drawing on the formal language and philosophy of architecture the work explores themes of positive and negative form , the significance of light and darkness and the relationship between nature and human endeavour . ”
Geoff Manaugh highlighted Simmonds work but also connected it to similar approach taken in a stellar piece of museum advertising set in wood , a promotional image of modern architecture hewn from a log , made for the Cité de l'Architecture .
Survival , in a pre- or post-apocalyptic world , requires compromise and self-reliance . We often see apocalyptic fiction where there is one leader and it 's his way or no way and everyone just gets dragged along with wide eyes and gaping jaws .
That did n't work out for Rick Grimes or any of Alice ‘ s ( Resident Evil ) friends . Why ? Because everyone else had thoughts and ideas and did n't stand up for them or the value of their lives .
Sometimes people try to speak loudly and use tactics to assert dominance and get you to go with their flow .
Often , we think , this is n't right . But rarely do we vocalize that thought and even less often do we stand up and fight for it .
Standing up for yourself can be seen as more hassle than it 's worth . However , at the end of the world , with a leader making decisions you 're not 100 % for , standing up for yourself could be the only thing between survival and death .
When Rick Grimes is telling you you 're storming Woodbury or Alice is shoving a gun in your hand and leaving you with a child to protect , you 'll wish you had more practice standing up for yourself .
I 'm terrible at speaking up for myself , but recently I had the opportunity , and I took it !
I had an insurance claim for my phone recently and they tried to replace my phone with what they were calling an equivalent phone . It was n't and everyone knew it .
I called the service line and was asked at least four times in a three minute call if I wanted to complete the claim ( read : shut the fuck up and take the offer ) .
I tried to explain to the woman on the phone that I 've done my research and I— She just started spewing facts about this lesser phone ( it has a calculator too ! ) at me like an eight-year-old with their fingers in their ears saying , “ la la la , I ca n't hear you . ”
That was neither helpful nor respectful . I still refused to close the claim .
It was clear that they were n't being fair and my expected role in this scenario was to be quiet , stupid , and compliant .
Instead I took to tweeting ( not rudely , mind you ) as it 's the loudest place on the internet , citing my research , and refusing to drop or close the claim . I pointed out that what they were doing was quite clear and very offensive .
So , after I stood up for myself , the called me and offered a much more reasonable solution with little to no pain or suffering involved .
Because I stood up for myself , I had a new , actually equivalent phone three days after the incident .
I wo n't get into the mechanics of customer service but shit that was frustrating . I wish it had been that easy from Jump Street .
Unfortunately , making things fair and easy is n't in everyone 's best interest . Most people will feel that frustration and give in to the stat-spewing call rep or finger-pointing ex-sheriff .
If you realize you 're getting a raw deal , do n't stand for it . Channel my mom ( who I use to call to deal with things like this ) , or your demanding aunt , or your picky friend and speak up .
When it comes to the division of food for survival and someone tries to tell you that you do n't deserve an equal share , you 'll be better prepared from practice and you 'll develop the confidence to know you deserve better .
It 's Friday , time to sit back and relax with a movie . Here 's a sample of the new stuff for you check out !
Killing Them Softly
2012 ▪ 97 Minutes
Directed by Andrew Dominik . Starring Brad Pitt , Ray Liotta , Richard Jenkins , James Gandolfini , and Ben Mendelsohn .
A robbery committed against the Mob is investigated by a hitman 's boss in this caper from director Andrew Dominik ( The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford ) . Brad Pitt and Sam Rockwell star in the Plan B/Chockstone Pictures production .
The reviews were mixed but this has got some really great characters and performances . Just look at that cast ! ! I ca n't wait to watch this again .
The Double
2014 ▪ Comedy ▪ 93 Minutes
Directed by Richard Ayoade . Starring Yasmin Paige , Noah Taylor , James Fox , Craig Roberts , and Cathy Moriarty .
Richard Ayoade 's stylized adaptation of Fyodor Dostoevsky 's novella The Double stars Jesse Eisenberg as James Simon , a meek office drone who bumbles his way through his day , forever pining for a pretty girl ( Mia Wasikowska ) who lives near him and working hard for a boss ( Wallace Shawn ) who does n't see any of his accomplishments . One day James discovers that he has a new co-worker , Simon James ( also Eisenberg ) , who looks just like him and possesses all of the confidence and charisma that James lacks . James befriends this new person , and soon the put-upon man is asserting himself . However , soon he fears he 's becoming just another pawn in Simon 's relentless self-interest . The Double screened at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival .
This confused me so much . I encourage you to give it a try . Just let me know what is been about .
Charlie 's Angels : Full Throttle
2003 ▪ Action/Adventure ▪ 110 Minutes
Directed by Joseph McGinty Nichol . Starring Lucy Liu , Crispin Glover , Drew Barrymore , Cameron Diaz , and Bernie Mac .
The three most glamorous and butt-kicking private detectives in the business are back and ready to take on bad guys in this sequel to the 2000 blockbuster screen adaptation of the once-popular television series . Dylan ( Drew Barrymore ) , Natalie ( Cameron Diaz ) , and Alex ( Lucy Liu ) are once again summoned to the office of their boss Charlie ( voice of John Forsythe ) , where they 're introduced to his new right-hand man Jimmy Bosley ( Bernie Mac ) and given their latest assignment . It seems a pair of rings have gone missing and need to be recovered , but this was no ordinary jewel heist — the rings have been coded with special information that can be used to access a list of every person in the FBI 's Witness Protection Program , and when a handful of protected informants are murdered , the Angels are brought in to help crack the case . As the women search for the culprits , they encounter Madison Lee ( Demi Moore ) , one of Charlie 's former agents who decided that the wrong side of the law pays better , and Seamus ( Justin Theroux ) , who once dated Dylan and wants revenge for her decision to turn him over to the police . Luke Wilson and Matt LeBlanc return as ( respectively ) Natalie and Alex 's love interests , as does Crispin Glover as the Thin Man ; John Cleese , Robert Forster , and Eric Bogosian also appear in supporting roles .
If you thought the first one was ridiculous , this one is WAY more ridiculous .
Carrie
2013 ▪ Horror ▪ 99 Minutes
Directed by Kimberly Peirce . Starring Chloë Grace Moretz , Julianne Moore , Gabriella Wilde , Alex Russell , and Ansel Elgort .
Stephen King 's Carrie gets a new life in this remake casting Chloë Grace Moretz as a teenage girl who discovers she has the extraordinary ability to move objects by the power of her thoughts alone , which eventually leads to mayhem and horror at her high-school prom . Boys Do n't Cry 's Kimberly Peirce directs , with Julianne Moore co-starring as Carrie 's overbearing mother .
I did n't get a chance to see this in theaters , so I 'm looking forward to this latest update . Julianne Moore is awesome .
The Contender
2000 ▪ Drama ▪ 127 Minutes
Directed by Rod Lurie . Starring Sam Elliott , Joan Allen , Jeff Bridges , Gary Oldman , and Christian Slater .
The hard-ball gamesmanship and casual character assassination of American politics sets the stage for this thriller from writer and director Rod Lurie . When the Vice President of the United States unexpectedly dies , all eyes in Washington D.C. are on President Jackson Evans ( Jeff Bridges ) as he chooses a new VP . Sen. Jack Hathaway ( William Petersen ) , a respected career politician enjoying a new swell of popularity after a well-publicized attempt to save a drowning woman , is expected to be Evans ' choice , but instead he picks Sen. Laine Hanson ( Joan Allen ) , a decision that raises eyebrows on both sides of the political fence . Veteran power broker Shelly Runyon ( Gary Oldman ) is vehemently opposed to Hanson 's appointment , in part because the Democratic senator was once a Republican , and vows to do everything in his power to prevent her from being confirmed . Runyon and his staff start digging for dirt on Hanson , and soon make a surprising discovery — her personal morality is called into question when it 's alleged that she took part in a group sexual liaison while she was a college student . The Contender also stars Mike Binder as one of Hanson 's advisors , Mariel Hemingway as an old friend with a surprising secret , Christian Slater as an ambitious congressman assisting Runyon , and Philip Baker Hall as Hanson 's father ; it was the second feature from former film critic Rod Lurie .
This is a political thriller unlike any you 've ever seen . Joan Allen is at her absolute best .
Jackass Presents : Bad Grandpa
2013 ▪ Comedy ▪ 92 Minutes
Directed by Jeff Tremaine . Starring Johnny Knoxville , Jackson Nicoll , Spike Jonze , Georgina Cates , and Blythe Barrington-Hughes .
Mischievous octogenarian Irving Zisman ( Johnny Knoxville ) returns to stir up some more trouble in this geriatric Jackass spin-off from Paramount Pictures and MTV Films . A hidden-camera comedy featuring unscripted responses to outrageous situations , Jackass Presents : Bad Grandpa follows Zisman and his 8-year-old grandson Billy ( Jackson Nicoll ) on a debauched cross-country road trip featuring male strippers , rowdy bikers , and the wildest children 's beauty-pageant performance ever captured on camera .
It 's basically a string of scenes cut together to form a whole storyline . It is what it is .
Cabin Fever : Patient Zero
2014 ▪ Horror ▪ 91 Minutes
Directed by Kaare Andrews . Starring Ryan Donowho , Brando Eaton , Jillian Murray , Mitch Ryan , and Lydia Hearst .
A group of adventurous young friends on a trip to the Caribbean decide to explore a secluded island , where they unleash a highly contagious , flesh-eating virus after swimming in contaminated water , and exploring a research facility that houses a terrifying secret . Somewhere on an uncharted island deep in the Caribbean , the doctors at a secluded research lab have managed to quarantine Porter ( Sean Astin ) , the first person to be infected by an aggressive flesh-eating virus . Meanwhile , not too far away , Marcus ( Mitch Ryan ) is preparing to get married when his brother Josh ( Brando Eaton ) , Josh 's girlfriend Penny ( Jillian Murray ) , and their best friend Dobbs ( Ryan Donowho ) lure him onto a luxury yacht to celebrate his last night of freedom . Upon arriving at a picturesque island that is n't on the maps , Josh and Penny stay on the beach to do a little snorkeling while Marcus and Dobbs set up the campsite . Returning to the tent in a panic after spotting scores of dead fish in the water , Penny breaks out in a rash that Josh credits to some bad local ganja . Later , when Josh also shows signs of infection , Marcus and Dobbs venture out for help and break into the darkened research facility , which appears to have been the scene of a bloody struggle . Their worst fears are realized when they discover that they have stumbled upon the site of a deadly outbreak , and that the egomaniacal doctor ( Currie Graham ) in charge is determined to take credit for curing the disease — even if it means that no one gets off the island alive .
I think this is the third one . Probably good for a scare or two .
Binge Watching
Walking Dead – Now all 4 Seasons
Peaky Blinders – Netflix Original from the UK
Good Eats – For those of us without cable , it 's so awesome to marathon Alton Brown !
TURKISH security forces captured the suspected gunman who killed 39 people at the Reina nightclub attack in Istanbul on New Year 's Eve .
Abdulkadir Masharipov , described by officials as a well-educated terrorist who speaks four languages , was detained by cops in the city 's Esenyurt district , just 25 miles from where the deadly assault was carried out .
22 A bloodied Abdulkadir Masharipov pictured following his arrest in Istanbul
22 Masharipov was detained just 25 miles from the scene of the New Year 's Eve shooting at the Reina nightclub
22 The suspect was filmed being marched out of a house surrounded by police and reporters
22 Local media reported that the terror suspect resisted arrest
Enterprise News and Pictures 22 The gunman opened fire in a packed nightclub on New Year 's Eve in Istanbul , killing 39 people
The Uzbek national , who was operating under the alias Ebu Muhammed Horasani , was caught after over two weeks on the run .
The huge manhunt involved around 1,000 cops , detectives and other officers scouring through 7,200 hours of CCTV footage and over 2,000 public tip-offs .
A special operations task force swooped on a council-owned house reportedly rented by Masharipov 's friend on Monday night .
He reportedly resisted arrest and was detained in front of his four-year-old son .
The alleged fanatic , said to be 34-years-old , underwent medical checks before being taken to a police headquarters for questioning .
related stories ' I 'M INNOCENT ' SECOND man wrongly accused of Istanbul terror attack speaks out after 'his passport is leaked by cops ' I DID N'T KNOW HE WAS ISIS FANATIC ' Istanbul gunman 's wife tells cops she only knew of atrocity when she saw it on TV ‘ MY HEART GOES OUT TO HER FAMILY ' CBB star Shilpa Shetty pays tribute to fashion designer pal killed in Istanbul attack NEW YEAR TERROR What happened in the Istanbul attack and who carried out the New Year 's Eve nightclub shooting ? INCHES FROM DEATH Istanbul attack victim cheats death when Santa killer 's bullet bounces off his MOBILE PHONE HUNT FOR isis SANTA KILLER ISIS claims responsibility for Istanbul attack that left 39 dead in New Year 's Eve nightclub Video SANTA CLAUS KILLER Moment terrorist dressed as Santa guns down 39 in Istanbul nightclub in New Year 's Eve massacre
Officials said he confessed to carrying out the massacre shortly after interrogation began .
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim told reporters : `` The vile terrorist who attacked the place of entertainment on New Year 's eve and led to the loss of so many lives has been captured '' .
He added : `` What is important is for the suspect to be captured and for the forces behind it to be revealed . ''
Istanbul governor Vasip Sahin said that the captured nightclub attack suspect is an Uzbekistan national who trained in Afghanistan .
He is believed to have entered Turkey illegally in January 2016 , and arrived in the city on 15 December .
Reuters 22 The living room of a hideout where the alleged attacker of Reina nightclub was caught by Turkish police on Monday night
Reuters 22 Filthy flat in Esenyurt is where police swooped on terror suspect and three alleged accomplices
Reuters 22 A copy of the Koran sits in the flat where Abdulgadir Masharipov was found
Reuters 22 Bags of cash from several countries was found in one of the bedrooms
AP : Associated Press 22 A note which says the author will 'be in the other place ' was among documents uncovered at the flat
Reuters 22 Reporters stand near the door to the flat which was blasted open by police on Monday night
Getty Images 22 A man walks through the kitchen where four people were arrested
Dogan news agency published what it said was the first image of the alleged attacker .
It showed a bruised , black-haired man in a grey , bloodied shirt being held by his neck .
The alleged gunman 's friend , reportedly from Iraq , and three women from Somalia , Senegal and Egypt were also were detained .
His son was taken into protective custody following the police raid .
Earlier , his wife and one-year old daughter were caught in a police operation on January 12 .
Police established his whereabouts four or five days ago , but delayed the raid so they could monitor his movements and contacts , NTV reported .
The television channel also broadcast footage showing plain-clothed police taking away a man in a white top and sweat pants , forcing his head down .
The station said the images showed the gunman 's Iraqi friend being taken to a police vehicle .
22 Police released this still of the alleged killer from his 'selfie video '
Twitter 22 Shooter was filmed on CCTV blasting party-goers as he stormed nightclub
Police were carrying out raids on other suspected ISIS group cells at the same time .
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu posted a Twitter message thanking the interior minister , Suleyman Soylu , police and intelligence organisations `` who caught the Reina attacker in the name of the people . ''
Depraved terror group ISIS claimed the attack was in reprisal for Turkish military operations in northern Syria
The brutal assault took place just 75 minutes into 2017 and also left a reported 69 people in hospital .
At least 600 revellers were celebrating at the popular nightspot in the early hours of New Year 's Day when the attack took place .
The gunman arrived by taxi and produced a weapon , reportedly a Kalashnikov , from the boot before shooting dead a policeman and civilian at the entrance .
Rex Features 22 Another man believed to be an Iraqi was detained in the police raid
Haberler 22 Police also arrested three women from Egypt , Somalia and Senegal
Haberler 22 Two of the three women arrested along with Abdulkadir Masharipov
Masharipov , an Uzbek national , is said to have arrived in the Turkish city from the centre of the country on December 15 .
Hurriyet reports that an ISIS cell operating in the central region of Konya consists of Uzbeks who provided Masharipov with support .
Uzbek fighters have become deeply embedded in ISIS and have fought alongside the Taliban in Afghanistan .
They are also said to have secret outposts in some major Russian cities as well as having ties to Muslim extremists in China .
22 Harrowing pictures show the carnage left inside the Istanbul club after the shooting
22 The gunman fired an estimated 120 bullets at clubbers
Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus has said the nightclub attack had been carried out professionally with the help of an intelligence organisation .
He did not name the organisation suspected of being involved .
Hundreds of people were gathered at the swanky Reina nightclub to celebrate the end of a tumultuous 2016 only to become the first victims of 2017 .
Most of the dead in the attack on the upscale club were foreign nationals , from the Middle East .
The gunman reportedly left Reina in a taxi .
22 CCTV footage shows the man believed to have carried out the massacre in Istanbul
Reuters 22 Paramedics rushed the scores of wounded people to ambulances after the Istanbul nightclub attack
Getty Images 22 Relatives mourn Fatih Cakmak , 35 , a security guard who died in the Reina nightclub attack
Following the massacre distressing images later showed the aftermath of the massacre , with the bloodied bodies of the victims piled on top of each other .
According to reports , terrified partygoers lept into the freezing waters of the Bosphorous river to escape the horrific scenes .
It was initially reported that the killer entered the nightclub wearing a Santa hat , based on early CCTV footage of the attack .
But the Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildrim has said there was no truth to the reports .
We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ? Email us at tips @ the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
“ Everybody knows what 's happening — who wants to know , ” Bernie Sanders wrote in June 1972 in Movement , an irregular Liberty Union Party newsletter he edited . “ A handful of people own almost everything … and almost everybody owns nothing . A handful of people make the decisions and the vast majority of people have virtually no control over their lives. ” Dating all the way back to the 1960s and ‘ 70s in Vermont , a formative time for Sanders , the message of the surging socialist presidential candidate has been startling consistent . “ The rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer , and the vast majority in the middle are having a harder and harder time , ” he said — in 1974 , and ever since .
Above , 1963 : Economic justice has been the central focus of Sanders ' 40-plus-year political career—as a young activist at the University of Chicago , though , Sanders agitated more for racial equality . In 1963 he was arrested during a demonstration protesting the city 's segregated schools . He also traveled to Washington—his first time in D.C.—to hear Martin Luther King speak at the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom .
A Haaretz investigation reveals that since the building freeze in the West Bank was lifted ten days ago , bulldozers have been working furiously on the construction of 350 new housing units in various settlements .
As the end of the freeze approached , the settlements have made great efforts to launch a massive building campaign in response . The Yesha Council has expressed satisfaction at the large amount of construction that has taken place so far .
Construction in the West Bank . Nir Kafri
Danny Dayan , head of the Yesha Council of Settlements , said , `` construction in Judea and Samaria is resuming normalcy . After ten wasted months , that only caused harm and did n't benefit anybody , we are returning to routine . ''
Dayan continued , `` When you [ finally let go after you ] throttle someone 's neck for two months , he does not start breathing four times as heavy , he starts breathing normally . That is what is happening right now in the settlements . ''
A long queue of Palestinian laborers lined up Tuesday at the entrance to the settlement of Talmon , west of Ramallah . The vehicles with white license plates parked at the side of the road , and Palestinian workers exited the vehicles .
The workers waited for the security officer to check their identity cards before entering the various construction sites spread out over the settlement that have sprung up since the end of the building freeze .
In the settlement of Kedumim , laborers are working on 56 new houses , and in Ariel bulldozers are flattening the land where 54 staggered-floor houses will be built for the evacuated Gaza settlers of Netzarim . The lands are also being measured because of a problem in the way that the land is parceled .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
In Karmei Tzur in the Gush Etzion bloc they have started building 56 houses and executing major earth-moving work . In Adam , land-leveling work has begun for 24 new houses ; some of those houses will be ready for their concrete foundations in the near future .
In Kiryat Arba they have begun construction on 34 new houses , and in the small settlement of Nariya they are expanding with 20 new houses . Workers are building 20 new houses in the settlement of Matityahu , and between five to ten in Nili .
There are also a number of settlements in which only a handful of houses are being built . In Oranit and Sha'arei Tikvah there has been some 'D-I-Y ' construction . In Revava in Samaria , a single-digit number of houses are being built , some of which were already partially constructed . A similar situation exists in Yakir , Elazar and Kochav Hashachar .
In Barkan , building has begun on a small number of houses . In Kfar Adumim and Tekoa a few houses are being built . In the settlement of Dolev , two new houses are under construction .
WASHINGTON ― With eight days to go before President-elect Donald Trump gets his chance to revoke protections from hundreds of thousands of undocumented young people , a bipartisan group of lawmakers is relaunching their effort to keep those so-called Dreamers safe .
On Thursday , seven Republicans and eight Democrats signed on to a bill in the Senate and House to effectively maintain the work permits and deportation reprieve created by President Barack Obama 's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , or DACA , which Trump has promised to destroy .
The bill , called the Bridge Act , was initially introduced in the Senate in December by Sens . Dick Durbin ( D-Ill. ) and Lindsey Graham ( R-S.C. ) , with three co-sponsors . It was reintroduced in the Senate for the new Congress , and in the House for the first time , with more co-sponsors now but still far from enough to ensure success or even a vote on Republican-controlled Capitol Hill .
But it could be the best chance Dreamers have to keep their work permits and driver 's licenses if Trump follows through on his promise to end DACA , which he and many other Republicans ― including supporters of the Bridge Act ― say went beyond Obama 's presidential authority in the first place .
“ In my view , the DACA executive order issued by President Obama was unconstitutional and President-elect Trump would be right to repeal it , ” Graham said in a statement on Thursday . “ However , I do not believe we should pull the rug out and push these young men and women ― who came out of the shadows and registered with the federal government ― back into the darkness . ”
The Bridge Act would n't grant legal status to DACA recipients , but would allow them and others who would qualify for the program to maintain work authorization in a new “ provisional protected presence ” status that would last for three years from the time the bill was enacted . It would also bar the government from using information collected for DACA for other purposes ― such as deportation ― with some exceptions for national security or non-immigration criminal investigations .
More than 750,000 undocumented young people who came to the U.S. as children have applied for and received DACA since its inception in 2012 .
The bill has bipartisan support in both chambers . In the Senate , Graham is joined by Republicans Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Jeff Flake of Arizona , while Durbin is joined by Democrats Chuck Schumer of New York and Dianne Feinstein and Kamala Harris of California .
Reps. Luis Gutiérrez ( D-Ill. ) and Mike Coffman ( R-Colo. ) led the bill in the House , joined by Republicans Jeff Denham of California and Florida 's Carlos Curbelo and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , along with three Democrats from California : Lucille Roybal-Allard , Zoe Lofgren and Judy Chu .
Sponsors of the bill in both parties said it should be followed up with broader immigration reform . For one thing , the act would sunset after three years . For another , DACA-eligible Dreamers make up only a portion of the undocumented population .
“ These young people are a lifeline for their families and leaders in our communities , ” Gutiérrez said in a statement . “ We are starting with them , but I remain concerned about the millions of other immigrants who have no clear path to legal status and the millions who are locked out of legal immigration because our system is so out-of-date and backlogged . ”
Trump has expressed some sympathy for Dreamers , although he and his aides were still saying as recently as December that he plans to dismantle DACA . If he chooses to push for separate legislation , it would be breaking another campaign promise ― he said he would not do anything for undocumented immigrants already living in the U.S. until the border was secure and high levels of people had been deported .
A four-month old girl required 65 stitches to her face , according to her family , after she was dragged from her bed by a raccoon on Wednesday night in a North Philadelphia apartment .
Photos of the baby , named Jourini Black , show what appear to be claw marks all over the right side of her face , including on her right eyelid .
`` I thought it was a nightmare when I heard over the phone , ” the girl 's father Samuel Black said , according to Fox 29 Philadelphia . “ My heart dropped . I did n't know what to say , what to think . ”
The attack reportedly happened whilst the girl 's mother , Ashley Rodgers , was out of the room taking her other daughter to the bathroom . When she returned , she saw the aftermath of the attack . `` She was laying on the floor— across the room — blood all over her face and her pjs , '' Rodgers told Fox 29 .
Rodgers said she had moved in just the day previously , and paid the landlord $ 375 . Neighbors on North 22nd Street have reportedly complained about a raccoon infestation in the area , and Fox 29 reported the landlord had no licence to rent the property .
Released Thursday , the latest draft of the ordinance calls on police to de-prioritize enforcement of parking penalties involving participants in a yet-to-be-established program for homeless vehicle dwellers .
Days after an early version was leaked and widely circulated , Seattle City Councilmember Mike O'Brien on Thursday sought to clarify a controversial new proposal for how city officials respond to the hundreds of homeless people living in their vehicles .
Released by O'Brien Thursday , the latest draft of the ordinance calls on police to de-prioritize enforcement of parking penalties involving participants in a yet-to-be-established program for homeless vehicle dwellers .
Under the program , police would be free to exempt participants in good standing from several different parking ordinances . That includes laws allowing cops to boot and tow vehicles whose owners have four or more unpaid parking tickets , and rules forcing parked vehicles to be moved every 72 hours .
The aim , O'Brien said , is to provide targeted services for people looking to transition out of homelessness . The ordinance will free them from racking up parking-related fines and penalties that often prevent the homeless from securing apartment residences , he said .
“ We 're not waiving parking restrictions or parking enforcement on any subset of the population , ” he said . “ If you are constructively participating in the program , we would work to be flexible . ”
The program would create between 40 and 50 safe-parking zones scattered throughout the city . Each one would be small in scope and accommodate around six vehicles .
The ordinance also calls for police to create protocols for tracking vehicles being used as residences , and an amnesty period for participants who have received multiple parking fines .
Still , key aspects of the program have yet to be worked out . Details like where exactly in the city participants in the program will be allowed to park their vehicles free from restrictions are yet to be determined , O'Brien acknowledged .
O'Brien said his office will work to refine the ordinance with police and other city departments that will have a hand in designing and administering the program .
O'Brien 's news conference follows days of speculation over the legislation 's details .
Former special adviser to Mayor Ed Murray and current candidate for city attorney , Scott Lindsay , posted the draft to his campaign site on Monday . Lindsay is running to unseat current Seattle City Attorney Pete Holmes .
The move immediately created a stir . On Wednesday following the leak , representatives from several organizations came to a City Council briefing to speak about the proposal .
Phil Cochran needled O'Brien personally , asking “ Do you believe that this ordinance will result in more RVs and more homeless junkies ? ”
Others speaking in support of the ordinance said that despite the collapse of previous efforts by the city to create safe zones for vehicle dwellers , the time has come to try again .
Under the pressure of complaints from city residents over sanitation and safety of RVs , Mayor Ed Murray in 2016 issued an executive order creating several “ safe lots ” for people living in their vehicles . But city officials eventually pulled the plug amid rising costs .
The number of people using their vehicles as residences has increased in the months since . A 2017 count of the county 's homeless found around 900 vehicles being used as residences in Seattle .
Correction : A previous version of this story incorrectly stated that Phil Cochran is a member of Safe Seattle .
If you love grilled cheese you may have more sex than people who do not love grilled cheese .
In fact , your grilled cheese preferences can reveal a lot about how often you get busy . According to a new survey by the dating social network site Skout , cheese heads get more action . Skout surveyed a total of 4,600 people . Thirty-two percent of grilled cheese lovers reported having sex at least six times a month , whereas only 27 percent of grilled cheese haters said they have sexed that often .
Sexy .
The findings also discovered that grilled cheese fans are more generous and adventurous than their sandwich-skipping counterparts . Eighty one percent of pro-cheesers have donated their time , money or food to those in need . By comparison , only 66 percent of those who dislike grilled cheese report helping the needy .
Here 's what the ultimate grilled cheese would look like , at least according to the survey : A mix of American and cheddar cheese without toppings , sandwiched between white bread with the crust left on . Perhaps including the crust allows more time for other kinds of activity ( wink , wink ) .
If you want to learn how to throw the most epic grilled cheese party ( which may just be a synonym for an orgy ) , tap here .
I 'm tired of defending him , of pointing to his past to attempt to mask the filth he has been producing on the football field .
No matter what we try and rationale with as a fan base , it just is n't 2007 anymore for Matt Hasselbeck .
He is a mere shadow of what a veteran quarterback with his experience and his former success should be even in the latter stages of his career .
It 's fully evidenced to me by his play against a team he used to have no problem beating the pulp out of that it is time to part ways with him .
If you look at the first quarter of this 2-2 season , Hasselbeck has really only had about a ten minute stretch of really good football when the Hawks had a nice run and broke it open against the 49ers .
In the other home game against the Chargers , he was barely marginal leading an offense that almost got doubled in production by the opposition .
He can thank Leon Washington for the bail out .
Barely average at home , depending on a pair of special teams touchdowns to provide a crutch so he can look like he did something constructive .
On the road ? You might as well flip it and throw Chris Spencer under center ; it could n't get much worse .
One touchdown , four interceptions , an average of 212 YPG , and a porous 55.1 QPR .
He was the sole reason for the loss to the Denver Broncos ; if you flip the pair of interceptions he threw near the endzone and turn them into touchdowns , the score is suddenly 28-17 , not 31-14 .
The problem is not the offensive line either , as they are averaging a pair of sacks allowed per game , that 's not great , but it 's solid enough protection that a veteran thrower like His Backs A Hassel should be able to make good decisions .
It 's sad to say , but he is the best quarterback on the roster , and as much as he needs to take a backseat so Pete Carroll can break in his franchise quarterback , I think the Seahawks are worse with Charlie Whitehurst at the helm .
Something needs to spark , or the Seahawks need to entirely cut bait with this train wreck of a decision maker and let him be someone elses issue .
In hindsight , they should have sent feelers around the league to gauge his value on the trade market with his contract being up after this year .
Now that the opportunity to trade him has likely come and gone , the only way to minimize his ineffectiveness is to feed the rock to the only consistently productive player on this offense .
Justin Forsett .
Through four games he only averages 14 touches a game , but averages 4.2 YPC and 4.7 per touch .
If you give this guy the rock 25-30 times per game , based on his average yards per touch he would be good for 129 yards average per game ( variable of course ) .
Even at his YPC average of 3.7 against the Rams today , 30 touches is good for 111 yards based on that average .
I had no expectations coming into the season , and after seeing them handle the 49ers and Chargers , I got a little trigger happy and maybe fathomed the fact they could slide into the post season by default of winning the NFC West with a 8-8 record ( Pete Carroll is cackling somewhere as he proves us all wrong ) .
Based on our play on the road , we are going to have won all , and I mean all our home games because were not going to win on the road at all on this pace .
Our remaining home contests are against the Panthers , Chiefs , Giants , Falcons , Rams , and Cardinals .
More than one loss at home puts a fatal dim on any playoff chances .
Can we have faith in what we have as our football team Seattle ?
Only at home it seems .
Can we have faith in Matt Hasselbecks ability to play quarterback in the NFL ?
Not even in another uniform .
It currently looks as if Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice will fall a little short of the $ 1 billion box office mark . However , a new rumor from Heroic Insider states that Warner Bros. is currently mulling whether to release the 3-hr director 's cut in theaters , just before the Ultimate Edition is made available on home video . This move would pretty much guarantee that Batman v Superman crosses the $ 1 billion mark at the global box office as the same number of rabid fans who lined up to see DC Comics ' Trinity grace the screen together for the first time are likely to let curiosity get the better of them and purchase tickets for the 3-hr director 's cut.Do you think this strategy by Warner Bros. would hurt or help home video sales ? From what we 've seen of deleted scenes and heard from Zack Snyder in post-release interviews , the extended cut definitely pieces together some of the plot holes in the theatrical cut .
Finding vegan food in Queensland has never been easier , especially with this guide to vegan and vegan-friendly restaurants in Brisbane , the Gold Coast , Sunshine Coast , Cairns , and Toowoomba !
The first place worth checking out in Brisbane is Charlies Raw Squeeze , a 100 % vegan superfood bar serving squeeze bowls , smoothies , squeeze juices , taco bowls , wraps , Mediterranean bowls , pad thai , salads , and Buddha bowls .
They also have cupcakes and a lot of other delicious desserts !
It 's located in Ashgrove ( 486 Waterworks Road , Ashgrove ) , Clayfield ( 730 Sandgate Road , Clayfield ) , Clontarf ( 70 Hornibrook Esplanade , Clontarf ) , Everton Park ( 473 South Pine Road , Everton Park ) , Greenslopes ( 51 Old Cleveland Road , Greenslopes ) , Kenmore ( 904 Moggil Road , Kenmore ) , Newstead ( 33 Longland St , Newstead ) , North Lakes ( 53 Endeavour Boulevard , North Lakes ) and Thorneside ( 1/100 Mooroondu Road , Thorneside ) .
The next place you 'll definitely want to check out is The Green Edge Store and Café ( 2b/229 Lutwyche Rd , Windsor , Brisbane ) , Brisbane 's 100 % vegan grocery store and café .
The store sells a range of groceries , including bulk and chilled food , confectionery , snacks , household products , cosmetics , baby food , nappies , vegan pet food , and books .
The café serves avocado on toast , breakfast wraps , baked beans on toast , tofu and baked bean scramble , pancakes , pesto salad , satay tofu burgers , spicy seitan , meatball sub sandwiches , pies , spaghetti , chocolate sundaes , smoothies , milkshakes , tea , and coffee .
One restaurant you do n't want to miss out on is Vege Rama , which is located in West End ( Shop 2a , 220 Melbourne Street , West End ) , Queen Street ( Level E , Myer Centre , 91 Queen St ) , Adelaide Street ( Shop 30 , Post Office Square , 270 – 280 Queen Street ) and Westfield Carindale ( Shop F21 , 1151 Creek Road , Carindale ) .
Vege Rama is entirely vegetarian and have plenty of vegan options , including burgers , pizzas , samosas , tacos , bolognese , stuffed tofu , grilled tofu steaks , cannelloni , and noodles .
They also have a wide range of healthy salads , as well as plenty of delicious desserts
If you 're craving Asian food , go satisfy it at Loving Hut ( Shop 2/ 1420 Logan Rd , Brisbane ) , a 100 % vegan restaurant .
They serve chow mein , stir fry , curry , spring rolls , lasagne , wraps , satay nuggets , BBQ buns , fried rice , spaghetti bolognese , sweet and sour nuggets , and vegetable kormas .
They also sell a wide range of desserts , including vegan ice cream , chocolate cake , sweet potatoes deep fried , pastries , and smoothies .
They also stock lots of vegan groceries , including vegan roasted chicken , bacon slices , drumsticks , sausages , fish , chicken , duck , prawns , ice cream , cheese , and even vegan pet food .
If you 're craving a hot dog , you can get two different kinds of vegan hot dogs from 5 Dogs in Fortitude Valley ( 290 Brunswick St , Fortitude Valley ) and Surfers Paradise ( G27A Orchard Ave , Surfers Paradise ) .
Their two vegan hot dogs are the Vegan Beer Brat ( Tofurky 's Original Beer Brat Sausage Served with Sauerkraut , fried onions , and your choice of sauces ) and the Vegan Kielbasa ( Tofurky 's Kielbasa Sausage Served with Sauerkraut , fried onions , and your choice of sauces ) .
Just an hour drive South , the Gold Coast also has plenty of vegan hot spots .
The first place you 'll want to visit is Mandala Organic Arts Café ( 2558 Gold Coast Highway , Mermaid Beach ) , an entirely vegan and organic café .
The menu includes vegan pizza , waffles with coconut bacon , grilled bananas and strawberries , omelettes , vegan benny , acai bowls , rice paper rolls , nachos , burgers , and stir fries .
Another great place in the Gold Coast is the all-vegan Govindas Surfers Paradise ( Shop 6 , 3120 Surfers Paradise Blvd , Surfers Paradise ) , which serves an all-you-can-eat buffet for only $ 12.90 .
The buffet includes Indian dishes like dhal , curry , rice , samosas and pakoras , as well as pasta bakes , salads , and much more . For dessert , there is vegan cheesecake , mousse cake , sago pudding , halva , and raw cake .
If you 're craving the taste of meat , you can get many different kinds of vegan meat dishes at a little family run Chinese restaurant called Easy House ( Shop 8/90 Markeri Street , Mermaid Waters ) .
They serve vegan chicken and fish fried rice , sweet and sour pork , stir fried hokkien noodles , curry , dumplings , chicken buns , steamed BBQ pork buns , prawns , and drum sticks .
If you 're in the mood for a pizza party , head down to Feed The Earthlings ( 6/2723 Gold Coast Highway , Broadbeach ) , an all vegan pizza and takeaway place . They also serve burgers , burritos , hot dogs , churros , fish and chips , and more .
If you live in the Sunshine Coast , you 're spoilt for choice when it comes to vegan restaurants !
One of my favourite places is Café Nurcha ( 32 Wises Road , Maroochydore ) , an all vegan café serving smoothie bowls , smashed avo on toast , spring rolls , nachos , mushroom burgers , blueberry pancakes , pizzas , toasted wraps , and great tasting coffee .
Another good spot is the New Earth Café ( 21-37 Birtwill Street , Coolum Beach ) , an all vegan , raw , and organic café.They serve superfood smoothies , wraps , burgers , pizzas , curries , muesli , acai bowls , and a large variety of hot drinks .
In Cairns , there are also plenty of vegan and vegan-friendly restaurants .
Check out the vegan bakery Earthly Bakes ( 31 McLeod St , Cairns ) for pies , muffins , scrolls , desserts , salads , wraps , and more .
95 % of Cheeky Yam 's ( 1 Pier Point Rd , Inside the Shangrila-la Hotel Centre , Cairns ) breakfasts , lunches , and snacks are vegan , and the rest are vegetarian . They serve unique and delicious artisan foods , such as spinach pies , pizza , breakfast style muffins , chocolate cheesecake , and cupcakes .
The best place to eat vegan in Toowoomba is Full of Life Organics ( 1/476 Ruthven St , Toowoomba ) . All the food is vegan , except for dairy in some of the drinks . They serve café food and cold pressed juice , and they specialise in organic , gluten-free , and whole foods .
Check out the HappyCow website for even more vegan and vegan-friendly restaurants in Queensland , including in Ipswich and Rockhampton .
Do you have any other recommendations for where to eat vegan in Queensland , Australia ? Please feel free to leave a comment below and share your thoughts !
How do I find my serial number ?
Some products utilize the keyboard shortcut 'Ctrl + Alt + S ' ; the product information will appear after a short delay . If that does n't work , this information can also be found on your bar code stickers , typically located on the back of your product .
Some products utilize the keyboard shortcut 'Fn + Esc ' ; the product information will appear after a short delay . If that does n't work , this information can also be found on your bar code stickers , which may be located behind the battery .
Look for the bar code stickers on your printer.The Serial number on a Samsung printer can be used wherever an HP serial number is requested . Samsung printers refer to a 'product number ' as a 'model code ' designated with 'M/C ' , and typically start with 'SL-_ ' .
Your product information is typically located on the back or bottom edge of your product .
Learn more about finding your Serial Number
About
Dr. Alexis Leskinen ( アレクシス・レスキネン in Japanese ) is one of the supporting characters in the Visual Novel Steins ; Gate 0 . He is the head of the neuroscience division at Viktor Chondria University in America and throughout the story continues to help on the Amadeus AI project . He is well known by the Steins ; Gate community for his obsession with Japanese Shaman Girls and a series of memorable quotes .
Origin
Leskinen first appears in the first chapter of Steins ; Gate 0 , Absolute Zero . During the first chapter , he presents Amadeus , the ground-breaking new AI that can backup and utilize the memories of humans , along with his assistant Maho Hiyajo . It is during this sequence when it becomes apparent that Leskinen has underlying perversions , as he pokes a variety of sexual jokes at her . Later in the game , it is revealed that Leskinen has a severe obsession with miko-clothed females when he becomes agitated with the protaganist , Okabe Rintaro , after missing the Shaman Girls at Yanabayashi Shrine .
Spread
WARNING : MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS FOR STEINS ; GATE 0 .
On December 23 , 2016 , redditor darksoulflame posted an image of
Leskinen pointing a gun while asking his most infamous phrase , `` Where are the Japanese Shaman Girls , Lintahlo ? ''
The post is considered to be the grandfather of the current Leskimeme uprising . On January 7 , 2017 , redditor immallama posted a small comic depicting Leskinen trying to pry the location of the Shaman Girls from an infant . In addition , his other quotes like `` Holy Cow ! So I said we should come soon . '' and `` Awesome ! He 's really something ! '' have also been memed because of their subpar grammar .
Various Examples
Two collections , both $ 24.99 . Top is New Avengers
with 4 issues , bottom is Action Comics with 8 issues .
Two more collections , this time $ 29.99 .
On top is Secret Avengers with 7 issues ,
on bottom is Night of the Owls with 16 issues .
As the region 's population of homeless women grows , a new women 's shelter is preparing to open this weekend in east Multnomah County .
The Gresham Women 's Shelter will offer 90 beds , along with showers , dining tables , laundry facilities and work space in a remodeled building on East Burnside Street .
Human Solutions , a local nonprofit , will operate the shelter .
When doors open , the shelter expects to serve 45 women for the first few nights , and it will welcome more women within several days . The `` soft opening '' will allow staff to make sure the building is functioning smoothly and address any problems before running at full capacity , said Charles Hodge , Human Solutions ' emergency services director .
Shelter staff said they 'll initially reserve 20 beds for emergency needs , such as sexual assault or domestic violence victims who need a place to stay immediately . Operators plan to always keep some beds on hand for that purpose , but said they may adjust the number .
According to a county report issued last week , the number of women who died on the streets of Multnomah County jumped to 17 last year , up from 4 in 2014 . County spokesman David Austin said the new shelter addresses a pressing need as the number of homeless women in the county rises , particularly in east county .
At a recent open-house event , County Chair Deborah Kafoury said this shelter will provide crucial services , especially for women fleeing domestic violence .
But , she said , `` shelter is not the end game . ''
Andy Miller , executive director of Human Solutions , said while shelter beds offer safety from the trauma of the streets , real security comes from moving the homeless into permanent housing .
`` We want to ring the celebration bell of really ending this crisis , '' he said .
The women 's shelter is the third new shelter this year in Multnomah County . A 134-bed family shelter opened in February . The county also opened a 200-bed shelter for adults , with priority given to women and couples , in its former sheriff 's office headquarters in July .
A fourth shelter , with 120 beds for couples , is set to open next month .
-- Emily E. Smith
esmith @ oregonian.com
503-294-4032 ; @ emilyesmith
Yet with the imminent expiration of the legal authority that allows law enforcement to monitor the email of foreigners and many Americans , lawmakers are no closer to overhauling the surveillance process than they were when Snowden , the now-fugitive former National Security Agency contractor , sought asylum in Russia four years ago .
WASHINGTON—Ever since Edward Snowden revealed the extent to which the U.S. government searches and reads the email of millions of people — and the complicity of telecom and tech companies in the effort — demands that the massive surveillance program be reined in have been intense across party lines .
The pressure from law enforcement to keep the program unchanged has been strong .
Lawmakers have burned endless hours trying to find a fix aimed at easing public concerns that the program has grown ever more Orwellian . The tech industry worries that U.S. government snooping will motivate clients to move their business abroad . Yet they ca n't agree on a solution . Civil libertarians on the right and left who demand searches be limited and accompanied by warrants clash with national security hawks who say any such modifications would endanger Americans .
Congress is paralyzed on the contentious national security challenge . Lawmakers adjourned for their Christmas break having failed to reach agreement on anything more dramatic than extending the legal authority for online surveillance to mid-January , when both sides will renew their debate .
“ We need every tool and every authority we 've got to keep people safe , ” FBI Director Christopher Wray said at a House Judiciary Committee hearing in December . “ I would implore the committee and the Congress not to begin rebuilding the wall that existed prior to 9/11 . ”
The Trump administration has signalled that even if Congress fails to act , an obscure legal ruling could allow it to keep the program in place for at least several months . Those negotiating the issue on Capitol Hill say the most likely action by Congress will be to grant a two-year extension of the status quo . That extension could be tacked onto the budget bill Congress must pass once again in January to keep government agencies open . Lawmakers would have little choice but to approve it , backers of the extension hope .
“ This is an issue that concerns people across party lines , and they want Congress to have this debate , ” said Neema Singh Guliani , legislative counsel for the ACLU . “ They do n't want something snuck through at the last minute without vetting . ”
Even as action to change the program is stalling in Congress , hand-wringing over it is n't .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein , whose steadfast advocacy for the surveillance program had long put her at odds with Democratic activists back home , is among those shifting course . As a high-ranking member of the Intelligence Committee , the issue is prominent on Feinstein 's plate as she faces a primary battle .
She is now calling for warrants to be required before law enforcement can access emails found through one of the most controversial and legally precarious types of searches , in which the NSA scrapes databases for messages of Americans who may have had incidental contact with — or merely mentioned — foreigners on watch lists .
Some experts read the legal authority to search and read emails of Americans , known as Section 702 , to go even further . For example , if an American participates in or promotes an event abroad as benign as a climate change protest or an academic conference on international affairs , they could get swept into the surveillance , according to the interpretations .
The government does n't always limit its probes to issues of national security . The FBI might use “ backdoor searches ” in pursuit of a tax-evasion case , for example . The information may not be usable as evidence in a criminal complaint , but it can be used to help the FBI find other information that is .
“ This improperly obtained information has been used in court against Americans charged with crimes that have nothing to do with national security , ” Rep. Jackie Speier said at a congressional hearing in December . The FBI wo n't say how often that happens , only that it is infrequent . It told the federal Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board in 2014 that it is “ extremely unlikely ” that an agent pursuing a case unrelated to national security would find their target 's email in the Section 702 database .
The assurance did not impress privacy advocates , who note that law enforcement searches of the 702 databases targeted at Americans have surged . The Office of the Director of National Intelligence revealed in April that more than 30,000 such searches were conducted last year .
“ This is not just an abstract legal concern , ” said a recent letter to Congress from the advocacy groups coalition , which warned the intelligence report revealed a “ strikingly high number ” of searches of Americans .
The groups recently found themselves in an unexpected place : praising their longtime nemesis Feinstein , after she joined the push for warrant requirements in a closed session of the Senate Intelligence Committee . Feinstein argued that “ Americans have a reasonable expectation of privacy in their communications ” and that the 4th Amendment requires the government to show probable cause before reading private email messages , according to a committee report made public .
But most of the committee was not persuaded , and Feinstein ultimately joined her colleagues in voting to advance a plan that reauthorizes the surveillance authority without the new warrant requirement . Other Democrats , including California Sen. Kamala Harris , voted against the reauthorization bill .
The political odd couple of Sens . Ron Wyden , an Oregon Democrat , and Rand Paul , a Kentucky Republican , have found common ground in their distaste for warrantless searches . In the House , tea party activists have joined liberals in crusading to limit the opaque online intelligence gathering .
The full House has twice voted in recent years to restrict the type of data collection that concerns Feinstein . The House Judiciary Committee included such a restriction in the reauthorization measure it recently advanced . But the House Intelligence Committee left it out .
There are so many competing visions for how to reshape the program that none of them appear to have enough support to reach the desk of U.S. President Donald Trump , who has signalled little interest in restricting the monitoring .
Trump 's own disputes with intelligence agencies have further complicated the debate .
Politically compromising and possibly illegal communications between Trump associates and Russian nationals intercepted by intelligence officials before Trump took office have moved the president 's allies to demand their own tweaks to Section 702 . They would prohibit intelligence agencies from revealing to other government officials — or “ unmasking ” — the identities of Americans whose communications with foreigners are monitored through the surveillance program .
After the unmasking provision was tucked into what had been a bipartisan House Intelligence Committee plan to make some reforms to Section 702 , Democrats abandoned the bill . The ranking Democrat on the committee , Rep. Adam Schiff , lamented that the provision had imperiled the measure , as Republicans do n't have enough support to pass it through the House on their own .
But the Republicans may ultimately have saved Schiff a lot of grief . The bill he was poised to vote for is not popular among activists influential in his district . They complain it does not go far enough in restricting warrantless surveillance .
Schiff is unmoved .
“ If we put a warrant requirement on the front end for everything , there are a number of circumstances where we would want law enforcement and intelligence agencies to do searches , but they would lack probable cause , ” Schiff said . “ Some groups will not be satisfied with anything short of a blanket warrant requirement . I fear that could lead to a reluctance to conduct searches in national security cases , and a stove-piping of information . ”
AKRON , Ohio -- Look at the photo of downtown Akron in 1951 . Narrow streets connect tightly nestled stores and offices with densely packed neighborhoods of small homes ; there are no parking lots and no ribbons of freeways .
A series of aerial photographs of downtown , taken in 1938 and at regular 5-year intervals since 1970 , show the growth and recession of one of America 's once-great industrial capitals . Jason Segedy , who heads the Akron Metropolitan Area Transportation Study , blames the introduction of interstate highways in the 1960s for much of the damage to Akron 's once-vibrant core .
Just as the highways connected cities to sprawling suburban homes , modern shopping malls and office parks , they bisected Akron 's urban core and cut open the neighborhoods that once defined urban life in Ohio .
`` Looking through photos in between that time , you can just see swaths of destruction following the freeways , '' Segedy said .
In early planning of the national interstate system , engineers and architects debated a question that would determine the fate of America 's downtown neighborhoods : Should highways be kept on the outskirts of major cities , like the Ohio Turnpike , or should they run directly through the city center ?
While freeway designers in Europe chose the first model , the U.S. system would drive highways into the very heart of cities , allowing commuters immediate access to the network .
Often times freeways were constructed in neighborhoods that policymakers in the 1950s and 1960s sought to eliminate -- `` undesirable areas '' , as they were described in plans for Akron 's inner belt freeway -- home to disproportionately poor and black residents .
`` In retrospect , it now seems apparent that public officials and policymakers , especially at the state and local level , used expressway construction to destroy low-income and especially black neighborhoods in an effort to reshape the physical and racial landscapes of the postwar American city , '' late University of Alabama Birmingham Professor Raymond Mohl wrote on the topic .
There have been successful movements in many U.S. cities , including Milwaukee , Portland and San Francisco , to reverse at least part of that decision and leave interstates out of city centers .
A study of interstate highways by the American Architectural Institute describes these projects as `` undoing the damage inflicted when a particular infrastructure , the interstate highway , collided with an incompatible construct , the city . ''
Segedy , whose agency studies how people in the Akron area live and travel , talked to cleveland.com about what he sees looking back through Akron 's aerial photo archive .
Looking at the first two photos , from 1938 to 1951 : The biggest change in downtown is the development of the B.F. Goodrich complex to the south . The canals that once tied into the Ohio & Erie Canalway have been filled and replaced by larger warehouses .
Akron 's road arteries remain largely intact , though , along with numerous streetcar lines and rail connections .
Looking at the same area , photographed in 1959 : Something new appears on the east side of town . A ribbon of white concrete descending from the north , the beginnings of what is now the Ohio 8 and Interstate 77 freeways .
Fast-forward to the 1963 photograph : You can see the beginnings of the Interstate 76/77 leg to the east and west of the massive butterfly interchange . Some vacant lots appear in the neighborhoods to the east of downtown and between the newly completed Ohio 8 freeway leg .
By 1970 , demolition begins for the Innerbelt : scores of homes on the southwest side of downtown were flattened to make room for the ill-fated Ohio 59 Innerbelt . The areas around the highways languished as the noise and pollution from the highway drove away potential homebuyers .
By 1975 , more empty space appears : On the southeast side of downtown , entire blocks of buildings have become vacant , open , grassy scars .
Downtown 's once bustling core was n't doing very well , either , although Akron General Hospital is under construction and partially completed along the inside curve of the inner belt as it leaves downtown .
When rock artist Chrissy Hynde returned home from England in the early 1980s , she found the inspiration for The Pretenders now-famous single `` My City Was Gone . ''
`` I came back to Ohio , but my city was gone , '' Hynde , an Akron native , wrote . `` There was no train station , there was no downtown . ''
By 1985 , the Innerbelt was partially completed : Big scars opened up on each side of the freeway . Efforts to fill the demolished neighborhood on Akron 's south side with commercial and industrial space were partially successful , as the foundation for new buildings can be seen south of Akron General Hospital .
Still , empty fields and partially completed parking lots persist in an area trapped between the concrete valley and the remainder of the Ohio and Erie Canal .
READ : The demise of Akron 's inner-belt
By 1990 , the Innerbelt was connected to the interstate : The first leg of the freeway was finished two decades after it was conceived . Many of downtown 's department stores and office buildings had been replaced by parking lots .
`` The thinking was , if you have empty space , why not use it for parking ? '' Segedy said . `` That created this self-reinforcing cycle . That reinforced the idea that this is no longer an urban place , I need a car and a house in the suburbs to function . ''
Looking back at 1995 : The expansion of the University of Akron campus filled some of the gaps of the 1960s and 1970s , but south of downtown , the former industrial neighborhoods grow increasingly spotty .
New publicly subsidized housing developments fill some of the area to the east and west of the innerbelt freeway .
More parking lots by 2000 : The addition of Canal Park coincides with the construction of additional parking in the downtown area . Efforts under then-mayor Don Plusquellic to utilize many of the empty buildings resulted in new parking decks and repurposed buildings to the south of the city .
New development starts to fill in some of the gaps that had been open since the 1970s .
In 2010 , brushwork in progress : Small improvements to the area are visible as the University of Akron fleshes out its research campus . A new community learning center takes up a long-vacant lot to the west of the inner belt .
But , as the American Architectural Institute notes in a 2007 paper on freeways , `` in many cases the healing scars have not yet formed despite the intervention of many decades of time . ''
Presently : Akron is left with a downtown that is modernized , yet chunkier , and more spread apart from the rest of the city . In 1951 the center of the city was a node , emanating life to the surrounding area . In the 2012 photograph the city 's downtown appears more as an island , floating apart from the rest of the city it serves .
The inner belt , which never came close to achieving its designed traffic levels , is the target of demolition plans . In a 2015 speech , Plusquellic called the freeway an `` overbuilt , expensive entrance into downtown . ''
`` This is good developable land and it connects back up to those neighborhoods , '' Plusquellic said of a plan to spend $ 12.6 million to tear up the last mile of freeway .
But the legacy left by freeways has made other efforts to improve downtown complicated . Segedy blames the city 's abundant parking decks as a barrier to recreating a walkable , retail-friendly downtown .
`` Even when you create some of those walkable pockets , they get cut up by parking lots , '' Segedy said . `` For one or two blocks you have this urban experience and then you have another block walking past dead space . ''
ABOVE : Toronto Police launched a series of raids across the GTA Wednesday morning , and arrested 50 people . Global 's Mark Carcasole explains why .
TORONTO – Rival gangs , illegal drugs and weapons were the target of large scale police raids across the Greater Toronto Area early Wednesday morning .
Police from multiple jurisdictions arrested a total of 50 people in a dual investigation called Project RX and Project Battery , revealed Toronto police Acting Chief Mark Saunders during a press briefing .
The “ Sick Thugs ” and “ Asian Assassins ” were named in the operation and Saunders said both groups had an extensive reach across Southern Ontario .
“ The firearms , the shootings , drug distribution , those are the primary issues that gave us focus , ” he said . “ We commenced the investigation based on that . ”
Acting Chief Saunders said he wo n't directly link these arrests to any murders but “ would n't be surprised ” if charges come up as a result of the investigation .
Police issued 53 search warrants with the raids beginning around 5 a.m. targeting several Toronto neighbourhoods including Regent Park and Liberty Village .
Armed tactical officers were seen surrounding a highrise building on Western Battery Road where at least four people were brought out in handcuffs .
Police say other regions targeted were Peel , York , Durham , Waterloo , Guelph , London , Brantford and Niagara .
WATCH : Toronto Police acting chief Mark Saunders discusses the Wednesday morning across the GTA
In addition to the arrests , 35 firearms were seized including large quantities of cash , cocaine and marijuana .
The accused is expected to appear in court Wednesday .
Meanwhile , Acting Chief Saunders said a more thorough description of the raids , included arrests and charges , will be provided on Thursday .
Mario Balotelli is yet to score for Liverpool in the Premier League since signing from AC Milan for £16m in the summer
This story contains language which you may find offensive .
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli has accepted a Football Association charge for a post he made on social media .
The Italy international was charged under FA rule E3 ( 1 ) for a post which appeared to contain anti-Semitic and racist references .
Balotelli forwarded on a picture produced by someone else
The 24-year-old has written a letter in mitigation to the governing body and has not requested a personal hearing .
Liverpool hope his explanation could lead the FA to fine , rather than ban , the forward .
Balotelli reposted an image of computer game character Super Mario on Instagram , which included the words `` jumps like a black man and grabs coins like a Jew . ''
The former Manchester City forward tweeted to deny the post was offensive , before apologising .
Balotelli has missed Liverpool 's last six games with a groin injury but could return to their squad for Sunday 's game against Manchester United at Old Trafford .
He has scored only two goals in his 14 appearances for the club since signing from AC Milan in the summer .
Hundreds of gas wells could be leaking methane and potentially contaminating groundwater , according to a B.C . Oil and Gas Commission ( OGC ) report that has been kept secret from the public and politicians for four years .
That suppression of information is giving ammunition to calls for a full public inquiry into fracking operations in the province .
“ It is deeply troubling that B.C . 's energy regulator kept this report secret . Why did it not tell the public ? Why , as the OGC now alleges , did it also not share the report with cabinet ministers who have responsibility for the energy industry ? ” Ben Parfitt , a resource policy analyst with the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives , told DeSmog Canada .
“ We need answers and a full public inquiry is the best way to get them , ” he said .
The staff report from December 2013 was finally posted to the commission 's website last month , after a copy was leaked to an investigative reporter , and that points to troubling questions about the motivation in not releasing such sensitive information , Parfitt said .
Phil Rygg , the Oil and Gas Commission 's director of public and corporate relations , said in an emailed response to questions from DeSmog Canada that the Gas Migration Report was an internal report to allow the commission to “ better understand the issue of gas migration , plan next steps for data gathering and potential mitigation effects . ”
“ It is deeply troubling that B.C . 's energy regulator kept this report secret . Why did it not tell the public ? ” https : //t.co/Ac6c4nwdDh — DeSmog Canada ( @ DeSmogCanada ) December 16 , 2017
Report Identified 900 Potential Leaking Gas Wells
The 2013 report documents 47 cases of gas migration — leaking methane — and speculates that , in the one zone studied , in northeast B.C. , there could be 900 leaking wells . But , the commission does not have an “ accurate understanding ” of the total number of methane-leaking wells or good research on the effect of gas migration on aquifers , it says .
None of the wells identified were in close proximity to domestic water wells and there was no information that the confirmed leaking wells had affected domestic groundwater , the report says .
But risks to health , safety and the environment are acknowledged .
“ Although methane is non-toxic , if methane is introduced into a drinking water system , there is potential to create an explosive atmosphere in confined spaces . Additionally , gas migration is a source of GHG emissions , ” it says .
ICYMI : Coalition Calls for Public Inquiry Into B.C . Fracking
The report was written shortly before Rich Coleman , then BC Liberal minister of natural gas development , said that there was no evidence of groundwater contamination after decades of fracking .
“ The reality is we 've been doing this for over 50 years , we 've never had a contamination from a drill , ” Coleman said in response to questions about a scientific report saying fracking could contaminate surface and groundwater .
At that time , the province was aggressively pursuing liquified natural gas ( LNG ) development , so the information in the commission 's report was politically sensitive , said Parfitt , adding that that makes it even more puzzling that the information was not shared with politicians .
“ We have a politician saying there is no evidence of groundwater contamination , but the head of the the commission has different information , ” Parfitt said .
Cozy Ties Between Oil and Gas Industry and Regulator
It is not possible to know why the information was suppressed , Parfitt said .
“ But a criticism that has been made of the Oil and Gas Commission is that there appears to be a troublingly close relationship between the regulator and industry clients that it regulates . I think this is something that should be looked at very closely by the provincial government , ” he said .
It would be more acceptable for permit issuance to be separated from the compliance and enforcement function of the commission , Parfitt said , suggesting that enforcement should be handed to another organization such as the Conservation Officer Service .
Auditor General Carol Bellringer concluded after the Mount Polley tailings dam collapse that there was an inherent conflict of interest between promotion of the mining industry and ensuring compliance with environmental standards ; Parfitt believes Bellringer would be likely to come to the same conclusion if she looked at the oil and gas sector .
Rygg said that since 2013 the commission has bought new equipment to better detect leaks , tightened regulations to ensure the commission is immediately notified of incidents and is conducting additional field investigations .
In addition , he said the commission has formed a working group with industry to improve drilling and cementing practices , is involved in several research projects , and recently conducted a helicopter survey of abandoned wells to better identify methane emissions .
“ As of June 2017 , gas migration has been reported to be associated with 144 wells in northeast B.C. , ” he said .
It is the second time this year that serious questions have been raised about the OGC 's lax regulation of fossil fuel companies , Parfitt said .
Earlier this year , a CCPA investigation found the gas industry had built about 50 unlicensed dams to trap water used in fracking operations .
ICYMI : A Dam Big Problem : Fracking Companies Build Dozens of Unauthorized Dams in B.C . 's Northeast
Also , this year , the David Suzuki Foundation published research showing that 118,000 tonnes of “ fugitive ” methane was being released into the atmosphere annually at B.C . gas wells and other energy sector sites . The Suzuki Foundation found that release of that methane — which as a greenhouse gas is 84 times more potent than carbon dioxide — is equivalent to adding two million vehicles to the road .
The CCPA and Suzuki Foundation are among 17 organizations that have called for a public inquiry into fracking , instead of the government 's promised scientific panel review .
“ Only with a full , adequately funded , independent public inquiry , where witnesses testify under oath , do we believe British Columbians will get the information they need , ” Parfitt said .
“ That includes information on why the OGC has failed to effectively regulate the industry and protect the public interest , and why it has withheld key information from the public . ”
Illustration : Carol Linnitt . Photo : Province of B.C . via Flickr
GOP Primary : Perry 29 % , Romney 18 % , Bachmann 13 %
Texas Governor Rick Perry , the new face in the race for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination , has jumped to a double-digit lead over Mitt Romney and Michele Bachmann with the other announced candidates trailing even further behind .
The latest Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey of Likely Republican Primary voters , taken Monday night , finds Perry with 29 % support . Romney , the former Massachusetts governor who ran unsuccessfully for the GOP presidential nomination in 2008 , earns 18 % of the vote , while Bachmann , the Minnesota congresswoman who won the high-profile Ames Straw Poll in Iowa on Saturday , picks up 13 % .
Texas Congressman Ron Paul , who was a close second to Bachmann on Saturday , has the support of nine percent ( 9 % ) of Likely Primary Voters , followed by Georgia businessman Herman Cain at six percent ( 6 % ) and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich with five percent ( 5 % ) . Rick Santorum , former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania , and ex-Utah Governor Jon Huntsman each get one percent ( 1 % ) support , while Michigan Congressman Thaddeus McCotter comes in statistically at zero .
Sixteen percent ( 16 % ) of primary voters remain undecided . ( To see survey question wording , click here . )
Still , this marks a significant jump in support for Perry , who officially entered the race on Saturday although his candidacy had been rumored for weeks . Just over two weeks ago , a survey of likely primary voters found Romney with 22 % support , closely followed by Perry at 18 % and Bachman with 16 % of the vote .
“ Governor Perry is enjoying a bounce from entering the race at precisely the right time ” , said Scott Rasmussen . “ Now the difficult part begins for the new frontrunner . It 's much easier winning support when people are hoping you will get in the race , than retaining support when you are the frontrunner . ”
( Want a free daily e-mail update ? If it 's in the news , it 's in our polls ) . Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook .
The survey of 1,000 Likely GOP Primary Voters was conducted on August 15 , 2011 by Rasmussen Reports . Likely GOP Primary Voters include both Republicans and unaffiliated voters likely to vote in a GOP Primary . The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95 % level of confidence . Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research , LLC . See methodology .
OR
The U.S. Air Forces has been forced to admit that too many missions not enough crew means that its drone fleet is currently being stretched to `` breaking point . ''
The Daily Beast has seen an internal service memo sent by senior military officials . In it , Air Combat Command 's General Herbert `` Hawk '' Carlisle wrote :
`` ACC believes we are about to see a perfect storm of increased COCOM [ Combatant Commander ] demand , accession reductions and outflow increases that will damage the readiness and combat capability of the MQ-1/9 enterprise for years to come . I am extremely concerned ... `` ACC will continue to non-concur to increased tasking beyond our FY15 [ fiscal year 2015 ] force offering and respectfully requests your support in ensuring the combat viability of the MQ-1/9 platform . ''
Advertisement
In other words : the Air Force 's drone fleet is stretched to its limits . Anonymous sources from within the military have confirmed this to be the case , explaining that `` it 's at the breaking point , and has been for a long time . What 's different now is that the band-aid fixes are no longer working . `` Apparently the Pentagon is reluctant to reduce drone missions , though demand continues to rise in Iraq and Syria .
Further on in the memo sent by Carlise , he explains that the Air Force preference is for a crew ratio of 10 to 1 for each drone flight , which could drop to 8.5 during an emergency . Currently , most missions are running below even that level , with a day-to-day operations ratio of just 8 to 1 .
That 's clearly a pretty dire situation for the U.S. Air Force to find itself in , which is why training centers are now being raided for drone operators to man operational squadrons . That means that training centers are currently `` staffed with less than half the people they need . '' Other drone crews have had their leaves cancelled and even been banned from attending training courses—and now , apparently , pilots are starting to leave as a result , putting the system under yet more strain .
Advertisement
Clearly , something needs to give . Either less drone missions need to run , or the military needs to find the staff and resources to run them . But as it stands , it seems the country 's drone fleet ca n't stretch much further at all . [ The Daily Beast ]
Activist investor Carl Icahn . REUTERS/Chip East After urging eBay to spin off its PayPal business for months , activist investor Carl Icahn is happy about the `` no-brainer '' decision to move forward with a split , but he has some more advice for PayPal , according to his latest blog post .
He thinks the next step , if PayPal wants to really get ahead in payments , is to help consolidate the payments industry through an acquisition or a merger .
`` In light of the development of strong competition such as the advent of Apple Pay , the sooner these consolidations take place , the better , '' he says .
Apple notably partnered with Stripe — not PayPal — to power Apple Pay .
Icahn made about $ 180 million because of the eBay-PayPal split .
Here 's his full statement :
We are happy that eBay 's board and management have acted responsibly concerning the separation — perhaps a little later than they should have , but earlier than we expected . As I have said in the past and have continued to maintain , it is almost a `` no brainer '' that these companies should be separated to increase the value of these great assets and thus to meaningfully enhance value for all shareholders . It also continues to be my belief that the payments industry , of which PayPal is an important part , must be consolidated — either through acquisitions made by PayPal or a merger between PayPal and another strong player in the industry . It is possible that this could be accomplished through a reverse Morris Trust structure because , in light of the development of strong competition such as the advent of Apple Pay , the sooner these consolidations take place , the better . As one of the largest shareholders of eBay , I intend to have discussions in the near future with John Donahoe who , as I have said in the past and continue to believe , has the interest of enhancing value for all shareholders as his major concern .
Photo by : John Dixon/The News-Gazette The Urbana City Council will decide Monday if this apartment house at 804 S. Lincoln Ave. should be designated as a historic landmark .
URBANA — A long-shot effort to save a west Urbana building will go before the Urbana City Council on Monday — but if the landmark-status nomination is approved , it may end up leading to the structure 's early demise .
The two-story structure at 804 S. Lincoln Ave. that combines the Tudor Revival , Craftsman and Prairie styles was nominated in May as a last-second effort to stop development of the proposed Lincoln Plaza apartment complex .
But the nomination for landmark status , which would prevent demolition , came too late — it was made on the 47th day after property owner Vision Housing applied for a demolition permit , and the limit is 45 days . Vision Housing was granted the permit .
However , Vision Housing owner Chris Saunders , who also owns Green Street Realty , withdrew the development application for the five-story , 79-unit apartment building , which would have replaced buildings at 802 , 804 and 806 S. Lincoln Ave. and 809 W. Nevada St. , after a wave of backlash .
City officials said they expected another development to be presented later , though there are no plans currently in the works .
Because Saunders has not yet demolished the house , the historic preservation commission took up the issue of designating it a landmark , meaning no changes could be made to it in the future without its permission .
Meghan McDonald , a resident of the home , applied for the designation , focusing on the historic aspect of the building , which was once home to William Trelease , one of the nation 's leading botanists in the early 20th century and a department head at the University of Illinois . Trelease was also president of the Botanical Society of America and director of the Missouri Botanical Garden .
The building was a single-family home until 1962 , when it was converted into a duplex and rented out to UI students . In recent years , it has become known as `` coffin house , '' a staple of the Urbana art scene for UI students .
At a two-hour meeting last week , the historic pre- servation commission forwarded the landmark nomination with a recommendation of approval to the city council , focusing on the connection to Trelease .
The item will go before the council next week , though it 's unlikely the home will become a landmark , as five of the seven aldermen must approve it because the owner is protesting the nomination .
Planner Kevin Garcia told commissioners that their effort was likely `` counterproductive '' because Saunders has a valid demolition permit until Sept. 14 , meaning even if the home is designated , he can still demolish it before that date . Garcia said he did n't want to speculate , but he said if the property is not made a landmark , it 's not in Saunders ' best interest to demolish it until a new plan is approved .
Commission member Kim Smith said even though the situation may make it more difficult , she felt the connection to Trelease makes it significant .
`` I feel I have to support it , though I think it 's not going to make any difference , '' Smith said .
But Matt Metcalf , the only `` no '' vote of the four commissioners present , said he believes the commission needs to work on its public perception .
`` We are seen , I think , by many people in our city as a bunch of ravenous people that will preserve anything that comes before us . I think that is fairly dangerous , '' he said . `` This nomination is not particularly overwhelming . This person was significant to a degree in history , but I do n't know if that 's enough . I want to make sure that we are sending on strong nominations that show we are being thoughtful and res- pectful of '' property owners and the council 's time .
Commissioner Gina Pagliuso said she thinks she has to make a decision based on historic preservation , while the council will consider all the other aspects .
`` The staff has made it abundantly clear : It 's not up to us ; it 's up to the city council , '' she said .
All month long we 've been revealing information on the next installment in the Deus Ex franchise from Eidos Montreal . We 've looked at the series past , we 've explained how the studio creates a believable future , and we 've explained why people get augmented in the first place . As a way to patch any holes in this extensive coverage , we turned things over to the community for any questions about this exciting new title and then spoke with game director Jean-Francois Dugas and asked them dozens of your burning questions .
Listen to the podcast below to learn more about Deus Ex : Mankind Divided 's gameplay , why Eidos-Montreal has moved the action to Prague , and whether or not you can expect to download some mods for the game when it releases .
Visit our Deus Ex hub page for exclusive video interviews with the team , bonus features , a special-edition podcast , and more .
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Raleigh is cutting back hours at city pools and may limit admission during peak times this summer because of a lifeguard shortage .
Raleigh aquatics director Terri Stroupe said she still needs 40 more lifeguards to fully staff the city 's collection of indoor and outdoor pools . She has about 125 lifeguards on staff for the summer now .
`` We really tried hard to recruit and we 've just not gotten a lot of applications , '' Stroupe said . `` ... I 'm looking at only about 50 percent of what I normally have at several facilities so that 's why we had to do something . ''
The city has published a modified summer schedule on its aquatics program website . Stroupe said officials generally shaved an hour or so off the opening and closing times at some pools . For instance , the wading pool at Millbrook Exchange Park in north Raleigh would have been open from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. , weekdays , under the old schedule . The new , modified schedule has it open from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. , weekdays .
At Buffaloe Road Aquatics Center in east Raleigh , Stroupe said the popular water slide , the city 's only public slide , will operate on limited hours . Stroupe suggested patrons call ahead before they go because , at times , the slide will only open for 10 minutes at the top of the hour .
The city also might need to turn swimmers away if pools get too busy during peak hours . Stroupe said that happens occasionally at Pullen Aquatics Center , but she expects the practice will be more widespread this summer .
`` We 're putting out lifeguards at every facility and trying to run a seven day operation , but if the sun is shining and everybody is coming to the pool , we are basically telling management staff that they are going to have to stop letting people in the pool , '' she said . `` We will stop allowing admission and people will have to wait to come in . ''
The city has four year-round pools - Pullen Aquatics Center , Buffaloe Road , Millbrook Exchange and Optimist . Millbrook and Optimist also have seasonal wading pools and other amenities that are open in the spring and summer . Raleigh also opens five outdoor pools during the summer .
Ridge Road and Lake Johnson pools opened last weekend . The pools at Biltmore , Chavis and Longview parks open on June 6 .
Stroupe said there 's still time to hire certified lifeguards . The city also offers a free program to train lifeguards , but Stroupe said the city will need to get applications for the training program in the next week or so for new lifeguards to be trained to work during the summer season . The free program is for people ages 15 and up who agree to work 155 hours as a lifeguard for the city within a year of taking the class . Stroupe said the city also can help re-certify lifeguards whose certification recently expired .
Stroupe is hopeful more certified lifeguards come forward to help out this summer so she can keep the pools open longer .
`` I 'm coming up on not so much time left to actually get people trained , '' she said .
Our public pool database lists pools across the region . Many are open now or will open in the next few weeks .
Around 2,600 years ago , in a military fortress in Southern Judah , a man called Eliashib sent and received messages written in ink on fragments of pottery . The contents were mundane , mainly concerning food supplies , but they provide evidence of literacy that could inform the debate about when major Biblical texts were written .
Eliashib 's correspondence happened on the cusp of the fall of the Kingdom of Judah , which took place during 588-87 BCE . The date plays an important role in an ongoing debate among Biblical scholars : were the first Biblical texts produced before the fall of Jerusalem—as events were unfolding—or afterwards ? One part of the debate hinges on the literacy levels at the time : if the pre-demolition population was n't generally literate , it would n't have been likely that important historical texts were created in this era .
But Eliashib and his colleagues in the Arad military fortress provide some evidence that literacy in this era may have been more widespread than previously thought . A multidisciplinary group of researchers from Tel Aviv University have combined their expertise in applied math , Jewish history , and archaeology to assess communications from the fortress , trying to establish how many people , and of what rank , were writing messages .
The ink-inscribed pottery fragments used by Eliashib are called ostraca , and more than 100 of them have been found in the remains of the Arad fortress , which is around 50 miles south of modern Jerusalem . Of these , 16 were long enough and legible enough for computer analysis . This one is typical : `` To Eliashib , and now : Issue from the wine 3 baths and Hananyahu has commanded you to Beersheba with 2 donkeys ' load and you shall wrap up the dough with them . ''
After they had reconstructed the faded brush strokes , the researchers developed new machine learning methods for handwriting analysis . These methods could describe elements of the handwriting , such as the angles between different strokes , and estimate how likely it was that different messages were written by the same person . If it was less than two percent likely , the authors took the messages as having been written by different people . Based on this , they estimate that six different people were responsible for the 16 ostraca in the analysis .
Seven of the messages were addressed to Eliashib , and he wrote one of them himself . Based on the content of the messages , the researchers suggest that other obviously literate individuals must also have included the unnamed military commander who wrote one of the messages , the fortress commander addressed in another message , and a subordinate who addresses Eliashib as “ my lord . ”
From this , the authors suggest that literacy spread quite far down the military ranks . “ Extrapolating the minimum of six authors in 16 Arad ostraca to the entire Arad corpus , to the whole military system in the southern Judahite frontier , to military posts in other sectors of the kingdom , to central administration towns such as Lachish , and to the capital , Jerusalem , a significant number of literate individuals can be assumed to have lived in Judah , ” around 600 BCE , the authors write .
Of course , that 's a huge amount of extrapolation . There 's evidence to support some of it ; for instance , there are ostraca from other military bases around the same time . However , it 's a leap that entails a number of assumptions : not only about the ranks held by these individual message-writers , but also that levels of literacy would be similar everywhere .
These results bring new evidence to the debate about the timing of Biblical texts , but they 're far from the final word . Even if we were to assume that the researchers ' extrapolations to the whole population of Judah are sound and that there was widespread literacy at the time , that would settle just one part of the debate—one of the conditions for pre-586 BCE Biblical writing would be met , but there 's still no evidence of actual Biblical writing from the period .
Nonetheless , the techniques developed by the researchers will undoubtedly be useful in expanding the search for ancient literacy in Judah and elsewhere . Their estimate of six different authors is conservative ; there may have been more , and the same analyses applied to different places could give us a much clearer insight into literacy in the ancient world—even if all we have to go on are shopping lists .
PNAS , 2016 . DOI : 10.1073/pnas.1522200113 ( About DOIs ) .
SEVERAL Soviet arms shipments were supplied by the KGB to their `` Irish Friends '' in the Official IRA , according to intelligence files smuggled out of Russia .
SEVERAL Soviet arms shipments were supplied by the KGB to their `` Irish Friends '' in the Official IRA , according to intelligence files smuggled out of Russia .
SEVERAL Soviet arms shipments were supplied by the KGB to their `` Irish Friends '' in the Official IRA , according to intelligence files smuggled out of Russia .
The arms consignments were part of a plan by the KGB to create mayhem in Northern Ireland and in Britain by exploiting the campaign of terrorism that had been waged by the Marxist Officials in the early 1970s .
And the shipments continued even after the Officials had declared a ceasefire , according to the files revealed by former spy Vasili Mitrokhin to British security agency , MI6 .
During the early 1970s the British security agencies were more concerned at the activities of the Officials rather than the Provisionals because of their Communist links and left-leaning policies . The Russians later used their contacts to introduce the Officials to `` helpful '' sources in North Korea and Czechoslovakia .
The Officials , who became known as the Stickies , used the leader of the Irish Communist Party Michael O'Riordan as an intermediary to negotiate the first shipment of arms , codenamed Operation Splash , in 1972 .
In his memoirs , Russian president Boris Yeltsin said there was no evidence that arms were delivered to the Officials . But the Mitrokhin files showed that the Russian foreign intelligence service , the SVR , concealed the evidence in the KGB archives from Yeltsin .
The details of Operation Splash were approved on August 21 , 1972 , by the then KGB chairman and later Soviet president , Yuri Andropov . The arms two machine guns , 70 automatic rifles , 10 Walther pistols and 41,600 cartridges were all of non-Soviet manufacture to disguise their origin . They were transported to the Irish Sea under KGB supervision in an intelligence gathering vessel , the Reduktor , disguised as a fishing trawler .
The arms , in waterproof wrapping , were submerged to a depth of about 40 metres on the Stanton sandbank , 90 kilometres off the coast of Northern Ireland . They were attached to a fishing net marker buoy .
KGB experts examined the shipment before it left to ensure there was no trace of Soviet involvement , the Walther pistols were lubricated with West German oil , the packaging was purchased abroad by KGB operatives , and it was specified that the buoy should be Finnish or Japanese . The packages were picked up by a fishing vessel belonging to the `` Irish Friends '' although the crew were unaware of the contents .
Several more Soviet arms shipments were delivered to the Officials by similar methods . The man in charge of collection of the consignments was hardline terrorist , Seamus Costello , who later split with the Officials and formed the INLA and its political wing , the IRSP . He was subsequently murdered .
The Soviet arms are believed to have been used in bloody internal feuds involving the Officials and the INLA and subsequent clashes with the Provisionals .
Two Portland-area businessmen say they neither gave their support to Donald Trump 's campaign nor will they be hosting a 30 August 2016 fundraiser — despite being listed on the invitation as hosts .
The men , Gordon Sondland and Bashar Wali , who are founder/CEO and president of Provenance Hotels respectively , were both listed as hosting the Seattle event along with others . But they went on record saying they do not support the Republican nominee because his positions diverge from their beliefs “ on so many levels . ”
“ In light of Mr. Trump 's treatment of the Khan family and the fact his constantly evolving positions diverge from their personal beliefs and values on so many levels , neither Mr. Sondland nor Mr. Wali can support this candidacy. ” their spokeswoman , Kate Buska , wrote in a statement to the Oregonian .
The paper notes that Sondland normally supports Republican candidates . But Trump was widely criticized for his days-long public feud with the parents of fallen Army Capt . Humayun Khan .
Buska also pointed out in her statement that “ Mr . Sondland is a first generation American whose parents were forced to flee Germany during the years leading up to World War II and Mr. Wali is a Muslim American who emigrated to this country from Syria . ”
As a result , the two men “ will not be hosting or attending any fundraisers for the Trump campaign in Seattle or Portland . ”
The newspaper was unable to reach Trump campaign staffers to comment on the discrepancy .
These gloves are consistent with the major brands we 've carried—Tour Master , Joe Rocket , Olympia , etc , so hopefully you 've had some experience with buying gloves and can choose based upon the fit of a previous pair . If you have no previous experience with glove sizing , go here for help .
The GX Air 2 glove is a light weight glove for hot weather street riding . The first time I put these on , I was impressed with how flexible and light weight they are . The styling and color selections are very appealing also . The design is a bit longer than standard short cuff gloves . The construction with the perforated goatskin leather on the back of the hand and palm is designed to provide some abrasion protection while being light and cool . And for more comfort you get stretch Lycra® material between the fingers . The knuckles are protected by some raised padding and the tops of the fingers have some small molded rubber protectors . The fingers of this glove are pre-curved to take the shape of the handlebars . Take the “ View Larger Pictures ” link above to see some close up pictures .
As you probably know by now Maria and I are big advocates of beer travel . We love finding new beers to drink in new places and learning about the people and cultures that created them . There is nothing better than meeting other such travelers and sharing stories over a few pints of locally made beer . We have also learned that these experiences are best when shared .
With this in mind we are excited to announce the launch of the Society of Beer Travelers . The goal of the Society is to get people started on their beer travels and to share these experiences within a community . This is a place for beer lovers who want to see the world one beer at a time .
By signing up with the Society of Beer Travelers you will join a group of travelers who can guide you on your first trek or take your travels to the next level . The beer travel starter kit has everything you need to start seeking out and finding local beer when you travel . It includes the BreweryMap app , a Beer Travel Passport , an Official SOBT shirt , and a custom SOBT profile page to help track your beer travels and share your experiences .
As the community grows we plan build the benefits membership provides you with discounts on beer travel products and special privileges at beer destinations across the US . Interested ? You can join the group now and pre-order your starter kit at societyofbeertravelers.com
Hope to see you out there !
Remember when I got this ?
So after careful scientific research…ha , here are my thoughts on the various lines of Korean BB and CC creams .
These are in order I used them . I hope you enjoy ! Keep in mind – a lot of these products have whitening claims/properties – this is a cultural thing . Also , since these are for an Asian , specifically Korean market , you wo n't find a lot of shade variations . The option is pale and more pale .
Skin 79 – Hot Pink Super Plus Beblesh Balm
This is whitening , moisturizing , priming , protecting .
As you can see from my picture , the color of this balm was a bit dark for me . I used it over a moisturizer like the directions on their website suggested since I am dry in the Winter . I thought this worked beautifully . The only draw back is the shade . I looked like I had a slight tan . This may work for me in the Spring and Summer though .
Tonymoly – Luminous Live Aura CC Cream
This shade is way better matched to my current skin tone . I felt like this CC cream provided better camouflage of imperfections . It blurred anything red and pore size . Also , this had a slight tingle/burn like a peeling or retinol agent .
Skin 79 Super + Vital BB Cream Triple Functions ( Hot Orange )
Ok , new fave . This cream has a lot more coverage than the previous 2 . Covers a lot of redness , almost no under eye concealer is needed . WAY AMAZE .
M Signature Real Complete BB Cream SPF25 PA++
This looks a bit darker than it actually is . It blends really well and this is the most moisturizing CC cream so far . I think this clogged my pores a bit . I vote no for this one .
SkinFood Agave Cactus Sun BB Cream
This is a bit more runny than the previous creams . The creamier consistency made this cream easier to apply and distribute . It smelled really nice , sort of like aloe or a sun product . However , I felt that it wore off the fastest of all I 've tried . Although it felt the best while on my skin . This would work best for dryer conditions or after summer when skin is thirsty .
Skinfood Aloe Sun BB Cream
This was very similar to the Agave Cactus version . I honestly ca n't tell the difference and the scent is almost identical .
Skin 79 Super Plus BB Cream Skin79
This is my last sample from the Skin 79 line of Super BB 's and I 'm super sad . All of these were great , and each other than the Hot Pink matched my skin perfectly . Great products .
Tonymoly Luminous Pure Aura CC Cream
I like this line of CC creams . I am considering getting one of these for my collection as well . I really like the consistency of this cream .
Skinfood Vita Water Drop CC Cream
I really disliked this CC cream . I thought it was very watery and the wear time was not very good . I do n't think it lasted through my work day . Also , now that it is warming up my skin is not dry anymore and this was sort of oily on me .
I did pick a winner and ordered ! Want to know what I love ?
Skin 79 Super Orange ! ! ! !
~Anna
Advertisements
While testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Wednesday , FBI Director James Comey revealed that Huma Abedin , a top aide to Hillary Clinton , forwarded thousands of emails , including classified information , to her husband , Anthony Weiner .
“ Somehow , her emails were being forwarded to Anthony Weiner , including classified information , ” Comey said , adding later , “ His then-spouse , Huma Abedin , appears to have had a regular practice of forwarding emails to him for him to print out for her , so she could deliver them to the secretary of state . ”
Those emails were found on Weiner 's laptop last year while he was being investigated by the FBI for allegedly sending explicit messages to an underage girl .
Comey said the discovery of the emails on Weiner 's laptop compelled him to revisit the investigation into Clinton 's private email server and her handling of classified information — shortly before the presidential election .
When asked if Weiner read the classified material , Comey said , `` I do n't think so . ''
He says both Abedin and Weiner `` potentially '' committed crimes . He says Abedin , in particular , was not prosecuted as he could not `` prove criminal intent . ''
`` We did n't have any indication that she had a sense of what she was doing was in violation of the law , '' Comey said .
Watch more above .
Comey : It Makes Me 'Mildly Nauseous ' to Think We Impacted the Election
Official Harvard Guide : Gender Can 'Change From Day to Day '
'That 's Not Cool ' : Joe Namath Slams Colbert for Lewd Trump Joke
Tucker Battles Prof Who Slammed WH For 'Demonizing ' MS-13
R & B singer R. Kelly is back in the news , once again for the wrong reasons as some pretty serious accusations have been levied against him .
According to a report from BuzzFeed News , parents of several women are accusing Kelly of holding their daughters against their will in an “ abusive sex cult ” . Within the report compiled by Jim DeRogatis whose covered the singer for nearly 20 years , the women are apparently being held in properties rented by Kelly near Chicago and Atlanta . Additionally parents allege that Kelly controls ever aspect of the girl 's lives including when and what they can eat , who they can have contact with and when they can bathe among other things .
Three former members of Kelly 's inner circle — Cheryl Mack , Kitti Jones , and Asante McGee — provided details supporting the parents ' worst fears . They said six women live in properties rented by Kelly in Chicago and the Atlanta suburbs , and he controls every aspect of their lives : dictating what they eat , how they dress , when they bathe , when they sleep , and how they engage in sexual encounters that he records . The last time J. saw her daughter was Dec. 1 , 2016 . “ It was as if she was brainwashed . [ She ] looked like a prisoner — it was horrible , ” she said . “ I hugged her and hugged her . But she just kept saying she 's in love and [ Kelly ] is the one who cares for her . I do n't know what to do . I hope that if I get her back , I can get her treatment for victims of cults . They can reprogram her . But I wish I could have stopped it from happening . ”
Obviously these are accusations at this point however perhaps the most chilling aspect of all of this are the stories told by the parents coincide with one another .
Plus it 's not like R. Kelly is going to get the benefit of the doubt when it comes to any of this . He 's a noted scumbag and has been for many years .
In a December 16 , 2013 article via The Village Voice Jessica Hopper outlines various DeRogatis reports when he was a music critic for the Chicago Sun Times highlighting “ stomach churning ” sexual misconduct accusations against Kelly .
They were stomach-churning . The one young woman , who had been 14 or 15 when R. Kelly began a relationship with her , detailed in great length , in her affidavits , a sexual relationship that began at Kenwood Academy : He would go back in the early years of his success and go to Lina McLin 's gospel choir class . She 's a legend in Chicago , gospel royalty . He would go to her sophomore class and hook up with girls afterward and have sex with them . Sometimes buy them a pair of sneakers . Sometimes just letting them hang out in his presence in the recording studio . She detailed the sexual relationship that she was scarred by . It lasted about one and a half to two years , and then he dumped her and she slit her wrists , tried to kill herself . Other girls were involved . She recruited other girls . He picked up other girls and made them all have sex together . A level of specificity that was pretty disgusting .
I 'll leave everyone with this tweet :
Be angry at R Kelly , but also be angry at the people who make money off him & so stay silent . And know how common this dynamic is in showbiz — Christopher Shinn ( @ chris_shinn ) July 17 , 2017
Mandatory Accompanying Playlist
The World
The world is round . Google says so . The problem is , spheres can be hard to get your head around… Imagine we want to see a map of the whole world . We might try something like this .
I 'm not sure about you but I 'm feeling distinctly underwhelmed . Only the countries in the center are undistorted and I ca n't see the whole map . People used to put this on spinning balls right ? Let 's try that .
Fun ! You can even spin it !
But what if we want to see two places at once ? Two globes ! I know what you 're thinking . You 're thinking “ Genius ! Who does n't want two hulking great spheres on their desk , or in in their pocket ? ! I do ! While beautiful , they are a bit impractical . They 'd have to be enormous to provide the accuracy we need for sailing the high seas or finding the way around the corner to buy some milk…
The pragmatist in me is thinking that it would be nice if I could put this on a piece of paper . Thin , light , you can roll it up , lay it out on a desk . Most practical !
Mercator Map
Someone told me about a guy that came up with ‘ a popular and good ' way of making a sphere flat was something called the Mercator Projection .
The whole world is visible 🤗 . Wow , Greenland looks really big though , and what 's the gigantic land mass at the bottom ? Let 's put a globe next to it and work out what is going wrong .
Right . See that really big land mass at the bottom ? It 's not nearly as big on the globe as on the flat map . Maybe we can add some indication of scale better compare .
( Not ) Tissot 's indicatrix
A Frenchman named Tissot came up with something fancy . The general idea was to characterize local distortions ; To show you what a small circle would look like when moved from the globe to the map . I 'm more interested in distortion at the scale of the map I 'm looking at . To characterize this , I think we could draw circles on the globe and project them into our map .
Play around with the globe a bit and get a feel for how the Mercator projection distorts area . You might have noticed that the circles drawn on the poles of the globe do not appear on the Mercator map… Well , they are barely visible , as thin lines at the top and bottom of the map . Why are n't they visible ? Well , the Mercator projection preserves the angle of intersecting lines and preserves shapes at small scale . To do this it distorts the map .
Distortion
To better understand the Mercator projection , we should first look at the Equirectangular projection .
And how it relates to the globe and the Mercator projection .
The Equirectangular projection is like dropping the spherical globe into a cylinder , making tiny holes at the poles and stretching the sphere out so the points at the poles wrap around the top and bottom of the cylinder . Then you just slice the cylinder at the antimeridian and unroll it into a rectangle .
Notice that on the Equirectangular map , the height of each circle is the same but the width changes as the map gets more stretched out near the poles . In fact , as you get to a pole , you have stretched a single point out into the entire width of the map !
To remedy the horizontal stretching , the Mercator Projection stretches the globe out in the vertical direction an equal amount . This is good because it helps preserve the shape of small objects . It 's also great if you 're a sailor as you can draw a straight line on a Merctor map and if you sail along it , you will maintain a constant heading . Really useful for navigating a ship in the 1600s . In fact , Mercator was in the business of selling maps . He described his map using this projection method as a “ new and augmented description of Earth corrected for the use of sailors ” . Today the Mercator projection is still used to navigate the high seas .
You can see the effect of this distortion when using Google Maps . If you move north or south from the equator and stay at the same zoom level , objects will become larger 😯…😮 .
Below are embedded maps of Singapore and Anchorage , Alaska at the same zoom level . Notice how the cars in Alaska are bigger than the ones in Singapore because they 've been stretched by the Mercator projection .
In fact , this effect leads to Infinite distortion . Yes , the reason you could n't see the circle on the poles before is that they are cut off ! The infinite distortion means we have an infinitely large map . Existential questions aside , we can thus reason that all Mercator maps are trimmed .
TL ; DR .
Every map you see in 2D is some kind of tradeoff between different types of distortion . It 's not always immediately obvious what tradeoffs are being made because we have been conditioned to seeing the world as a 2D projection of a 3D object . i.e . A globe unrolled onto a piece of paper .
Playing with Projections
To help my understanding of how projections distort the globe I came up with a little tool that allows you to rotate a globe and see how the rotated globe translates into a particular map . Here is that tool comparing the globe to the Mercator projection . You can drag either map to rotate the earth and recenter the rotation with the button in the top left .
This representation helps gain understanding of how projections distort area . Projections also distort shape . This view better illustrates the distortion of shape .
The idea here is to split the globe up into similarly shaped and sized tiles . Each tile has similar area and shape on the globe so it 's easy to see the distortion on the map . Traditional graticules are neither similar in size nor shape on a globe and can be misleading .
In fact , both representations give you an idea of how a map projection distorts shape and area .
Armed with these weapons you can fight back against the tyrannical cartographers of times gone by . Turn your nose up in disgust at density metrics on Mercator maps , and make up your own mind as to which projection you like best .
My favorite is below , the Goode Homolosine .
It is indeed very Goode ; as an equal-area projection , it preserves area across the map . This is good for showing distribution or density . It also , in my opinion , does a good job of minimising distortion thanks in part to it 's interruptions ( cuts ) .
Your turn
Now , feel free to use this tool to play around and get a better understanding of map projections and maybe the world we live on .
Source
The source for this blog can be found in my blog repository , the spinny map thing is a polymer web component which you can reuse . It is also on GitHub in the polymer-globe repository .
Credit to Mike Bostock for d3 . Specifically for the two blocks incorporating Versor Dragging for Orthographic and Mercator projections .
Credit to Jason Davies , specifically for his Versor Dragging example .
Thanks to Jörn Hees for reading this several times despite having a PhD to finish .
Army Men is a series of video games developed by 3DO [ 1 ] and Global Star Software . It is based on various conflicts between four kinds of plastic army men , distinguished by their color : the Green , the Tan , the Blue , and the Grey . Two other factions , the Red and the Orange , as well as a much smaller army , the Black , also contribute to the story . Two additional factions , the Galactic Army and the Alien Army , were introduced in Army Men : Toys in Space .
Studio 3DO era Edit
The idea of a strategy game using plastic army men arose from the developers ' desire to avoid censorship issues when publishing the game in Germany . Chris Wilson , producer of the original Army Men , explained :
The Germans are extremely uptight about realistic violence , so Command & Conquer , for instance , changed all its units into robots and changed some of the cut scenes . But we did n't want to have to do two versions , and very early on in the design process we 'd been planning things out with little plastic army men , so we suddenly realized that this was what everyone always likens a game like this to anyway ! [ 2 ]
Army Men used cutscenes done in the style of Movietone News clips . [ 2 ]
Global Star era Edit
Army Men : RTS was the last Army Men game to be released by The 3DO Company before they filed for chapter eleven bankruptcy . The major franchises were auctioned off , and Army Men was purchased by Global Star Software ( now known as 2K Play ) .
In 2004 , Global Star published Sarge 's War . The PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions were completed by some members of the original Sarge 's War development team from 3DO . Global Star then released Army Men : Major Malfunction for the Xbox and PlayStation 2 , and planned a Nintendo DS version , which was not released . Both Major Malfunction and Soldiers of Misfortune were unfavorably received by critics . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] Army Men : Mobile Ops is the latest game in the series .
Other Games Edit
A fan made Army Men III was under development by Neotl Empire , but was cancelled and resulted in an open source release of the unfinished game in April 2018 . [ 5 ]
Pre-Proposal : Introspective Template Haskell
Hi devs , There are a bunch of open tickets around Template Haskell . A great many of them are attempts to make TH more like what 's already in GHC . Of course , when someone improves GHC , then TH also has to be updated . But this does n't always happen , leading to several of these tickets . I believe I have a solution to the problem : just eliminate Template Haskell and provide direct access to GHC 's internal structures . The idea ( still very sketchy ; hence pre-proposal ) is like this ( numbered for easy reference , but no order is implied ) : 1 . TH quotes would remain . DsMeta would desugar quotes into Core code that produces HsExprs . For example , [ | 1 | ] would have type ( Q ( LHsExpr Name ) ) . ( Or perhaps ( Q ( LHsExpr RdrName ) ) if that works out better for clients . ) 2 . TH splices would remain , working much as they do now . The expression inside , say , an expression splice would have type ( Q exp ) where we can satisfy the constraint ( SpliceExpr exp ) . There would be instances for ( SpliceExpr ( LHsExpr Name ) ) and ( SpliceExpr ( LHsExpr RdrName ) ) as well as the non-located variants . Generalizing the type of expressions here allows users not to worry about un-renaming when roundtripping between quotes and splices . 3 . Reification would remain , using an Info structure much like we have now . Would we expose the real GHC TyCons as the result of reification ? Or is it better to give the users HsDecls ? This would need to be fleshed out . 4 . Lifting would remain , doing the obvious thing . 5 . The template-haskell package could even remain , as a backward-compatibility shim . It would declare gobs of pattern synonyms and type synonyms to wrap the new underlying interface . This re-imagined template-haskell package would not need to be a boot library , and could be upgraded separately from GHC . We could even maintain multiple versions of the library so that TH clients would n't have to change their code when GHC upgrades . Perhaps someday we could think about deprecating , if that 's the way the wind blows . So , the end result is a completely re-engineered TH , but I believe we could keep full backward compatibility . ( I have not considered Typed TH in any depth yet . But my hope is that it 's not too different from the above . ) And , we 're left with a significantly lower maintenance burden , especially if we eliminate template-haskell someday . And , tantalizingly , the flexibility in splices might allow us to splice in * Core * code someday . Perhaps we could also reify Core code . Then clients could write their own custom , domain-aware optimizations . Like RULES on steroids . But that 's all for the next phase . ( Giving due credit , this last bit is inspired by work David Christiansen is doing in Idris . ) What 's wrong with this idea ? I feel like * something * has to be more complicated than I 've made it seem ! Richard
[ Updated 3:03 p.m. ] An Alabama judge Thursday signed an order declaring Natalee Holloway officially dead . The teenager disappeared on a trip to Aruba in 2005 . Her body has not been found .
[ Posted 4:33 a.m. ] An Alabama judge will consider a request Thursday to have Natalee Holloway , the teen who went missing in Aruba in 2005 , declared dead .
A probate judge may make the decision at a presumption of death hearing at a Birmingham courtroom Thursday afternoon .
Holloway vanished in 2005 while on a graduation trip to Aruba . No one has been charged in the case .
Holloway was 18 when she was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving an Oranjestad nightclub with Joran van der Sloot and two other men .
She was visiting the island with about 100 classmates to celebrate their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham .
Van der Sloot was detained twice in connection with Holloway 's disappearance but never charged .
On Wednesday , he pleaded guilty to all the charges against him in connection with the killing of a Peruvian woman in 2010 .
Remember the old Avis car-rental slogan ? “ We 're Number 2 . We try harder . ”
That slogan came to mind when a reader , an iPhone app developer , wrote to let me know how hard Google , maker of Android , the No . 2 app phone software , is trying to woo iPhone programmers to write their apps for Android phones instead .
“ I 'm the developer of the Texts From Last Night app for the iPhone . Anyway , I received an e-mail yesterday from someone at Google claiming to be in their Android Advocacy Group . He basically said that he wanted to open a line of communication with me in case I chose to port the app to Android , and he offered to ship me a free Nexus One to play around with .
“ It shows that Google is actively recruiting developers to their platform , using the enticements of free hardware and open communication .
“ Contrast with Apple 's approach : it took us about three months of resubmitting our app to Apple before they stopped rejecting it for inappropriate content . And even now ( after we peaked at the No . 7 paid app ) , we still have no relationship with anyone there . Huge difference in approaches between the two companies . ”
Twelve hundred students — accounting for more than eight per cent of the student body — have dropped out of Conestoga College since the beginning of the college faculty strike on Oct. 16 .
Students had two weeks to decide whether to continue with their program or completely drop out . Tuesday was the deadline to apply to receive a full tuition refund .
For students who stay the college has opened a Student Strike Relief Fund . It offers up to $ 500 for full-time students who `` experienced unexpected additional costs '' as a result of the five-week strike .
The college will be accepting applications for the relief fund until April 27 , 2018 .
Other colleges in the province have seen similar numbers of student withdraws . St. Clair College in Windsor Ont. , had over 1,200 students drop out .
However , 300 of the students who have withdrawn at Conestoga College have already signed up for a future programs in January or whenever the full term is next offered .
Deb Matthews , the Minister Advanced Education and Skills Development , said in a release Thursday they will ensure students who chose to drop out will `` receive a full tuition refund . ''
`` While I am encouraged that it seems that the vast majority of students chose to stay and finish the semester , it was also important to us that those students who felt unable to complete the semester were also supported , '' she said .
Roller coasters are amusement rides developed for amusement parks and modern theme parks . During the 16th and 17th centuries , rides consisting of wooden sleds that took riders down large slides made from ice were popular in Russia . The first roller coasters , where the train was attached to a wooden track , first appeared in France in the early 1800s . [ 1 ] Although wooden roller coasters are still being produced , steel roller coasters are more common and can be found on every continent except Antarctica . [ 2 ]
Ranked by height , speed , length , inversions , and steepness , roller coasters are also rated through public opinion polls . Amusement parks often compete to build the tallest , fastest , and longest rides to attract thrill seekers and boost overall park attendance . [ 3 ] However , many records do not usually last long . When Magnum XL-200 opened in 1989 , it began a new era of roller coasters and increased competition among parks to set new world records . The Magnum XL–200 was the first complete-circuit roller coaster built over 200 feet ( 61 m ) . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] Other notable roller coasters include Formula Rossa which reaches a top speed of 149 miles per hour ( 240 km/h ) , [ 6 ] Kingda Ka which stands at 456 feet ( 139 m ) tall , [ 7 ] and Steel Dragon 2000 which measures 8,133 feet ( 2,479 m ) in length . [ 8 ]
Key [ edit ]
Key Key Meaning 1 Record holder * * Under construction * Still exists but not operating
Height rankings [ edit ]
Tallest steel roller coasters [ edit ]
Longest steel roller coaster drops [ edit ]
Tallest wooden roller coasters [ edit ]
Mean Streak opened as the tallest wooden roller coaster in the world in 1991 .
Colossos of Heide Park in Germany , one of the tallest wooden roller coasters in the world
Longest wooden roller coaster drops [ edit ]
Speed rankings [ edit ]
Fastest steel roller coasters [ edit ]
Fastest wooden roller coasters [ edit ]
El Toro , formerly the fastest wooden roller coaster in the world
American Eagle opened as the fastest wooden roller coaster in the world in 1981 .
Length rankings [ edit ]
Longest steel roller coasters [ edit ]
Longest wooden roller coasters [ edit ]
Inversion rankings [ edit ]
This listing contains all types of roller coaster inversions .
Steel roller coasters [ edit ]
Wooden roller coasters [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
A documentary about the world of virtual bitcoin currency will make its premier at the upcoming Cryptolina Bitcoin Expo in Raleigh .
Meanwhile , federal regulators are warning consumers about risks in using virtual currencies .
The documentary , titled “ Bitcoin : Buenos Aires , ” is the first video from a new online network called The Protocol.TV . It focuses on what the producers call “ one of the preeminent Bitcoin development centers in the world . ”
The fill will be shown at the Bitcoin Expo on Aug. 16 .
“ The Bitcoin protocol is a revolutionary technology that , unfortunately , is painfully difficult to wrap your head around , ” said filmaker Valerian Bennett , who also is founder of TheProtocol.TV . “ The only way for everyday people to understand the promise of Bitcoin is for them to see it in action . That is our goal with TheProtocol.TV and “ Bitcoin : Buenos Aires ” is our first step . ”
The Expo runs Aug. 15-16 at the Raleigh Convention Center .
Regulatory Warning
Meanwhile , on Monday federal regulators warned consumers about virtual currencies .
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said that it will begin fielding complaints from people who rely on products such as Bitcoin and online exchanges for such currencies .
In issuing an advisory warning , the agency noted that the currencies are not backed by the government , have volatile exchanges rates and are targeted by hackers and scammers . And unlike bank accounts , Bitcoin-based deposits are not federally insured .
“ Consumers are stepping into the Wild West , ” CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement .
Still , Cordray acknowledged that virtual currencies “ may have potential benefits , ” noting that they facilitate online transactions by making it easier to process payments .
The Securities and Exchange Commission previously issued an investor alert about Ponzi schemes involving virtual currencies .
Advocates for virtual currencies said they thought the CFPB 's characterization of the currencies was generally fair .
Jim Harper , global policy counsel for the Bitcoin Foundation , called the CFPB 's warning “ pretty standard. ” He noted that it 's “ helpful to the extent that it informs consumers without scaring them . ”
“ There are consumer risks around new technologies , and even-keeled educational material from government agencies can help make consumers aware and savvy , ” Harper said .
The CFPB 's warning noted that Bitcoin prices can be highly volatile . In one day last year , it said , prices dropped as much as 61 percent .
But Harper said such volatility should wane in the next 10 to 15 years if virtual currencies become more common .
How anti-fascists across the country are training to take on the far right .
The anti-fascists are wearing their sweatpants today . Tennis shoes are a must . They 've been told to wear something breathable — no masks , no bandanas , no armor . Almost nobody wears black ( almost nobody ) .
Gym members drift in through the door of the Breakaway Social Center in the Little Village neighborhood on Chicago 's West Side . The two-story corner building was once home to a $ 10-a-haircut barbershop , but now the walls are lined with posters bearing anarchist symbols and advertising a recent lecture on militant suffragettes . The couches are pushed back to the walls , next to shelves stacked with political journals . On the floor , warm-ups begin . The class splits into small groups to learn a couple new moves — thrust kicks , palm heel strikes . Lean in , turn hips for momentum , and follow through once , striking the jaw — that 's how to punch a neo-Nazi . One of the gym 's organizers , who goes by Meyer Lanski ( a play on the Jewish gangster One of the gym 's organizers , who goes by Meyer Lanski ( a play on the Jewish gangster Meyer Lansky ) , instructs participants to stand in line . Lanski , 32 , holds out a kick shield and braces himself to receive their blows . Even some of the new participants are landing their kicks . Within the hour , the women and men start sparring , learning self-defense tactics they can use in their private lives , or at protests .
The Haymaker Collective is one of many anti-fascist groups that began offering self-defense courses in the wake of Donald Trump 's election and the political upheaval that has followed . Some groups train their members for unforeseen attacks , while other antifa organize more militant trainings to equip people with arms or prepare them for confrontations at protests . Antifa are most often portrayed as a violent , left-leaning counterpart to the far right , seen in protests marching in all-black and bashing in windows . In April , antifa at a free speech rally in Antifa are most often portrayed as a violent , left-leaning counterpart to the far right , seen in protests marching in all-black and bashing in windows . In April , antifa at a free speech rally in Berkeley set fires and engaged in street brawls with alt-right groups . At a protest in the same city this August , they pushed a Trump supporter to the ground and beat him until a reporter intervened . Antifa critics claim that the movement 's more violent factions do unjustifiable harm and dampen the message of peaceful protesters . Some say they play into the hands of the alt-right , who hope to gather sympathy by portraying themselves as the victims of the militant left .
But anti-fascists maintain that defense and street confrontations are necessary to subdue the far right . In Charlottesville , But anti-fascists maintain that defense and street confrontations are necessary to subdue the far right . In Charlottesville , antifa stepped in to protect clergy members from an advancing crowd of neo-Nazis . And after Charlottesville , offshoots of to Unite the Right rally flailed in the face of mass resistance movements in cities like Boston and San Francisco Members of Haymaker and other more militant anti-fascist factions consider the far right a threat , and one they must physically prepare to defend themselves from . As reports of Members of Haymaker and other more militant anti-fascist factions consider the far right a threat , and one they must physically prepare to defend themselves from . As reports of hate speech and violence have dominated this past year , antifa say their membership is increasing not just with militants , but also with people who have been targets of racism and bigotry . The methods they choose to employ are as diverse as their ranks — with some taking up arms and others turning to hand-to-hand combat . Beyond just self-defense , the increasing intensity on both sides could mean bigger brawls than anything seen at Charlottesville , with neither side prepared to step down . “ At the end of the day , stronger people are harder to kill , ” Lanski said .
In workshops , trainers point out the different strategies for dealing with protesters or the police . “ Police are more systematic , whereas fascists are unpredictable , ” Lanski said . He and other gym members analyze news and amateur footage of protests online , and shape their trainings accordingly . In addition to one-on-one combat , they practice group fights as well .
As much as Haymaker attempts to prepare for protests that could turn violent , Lanski understands the limits to what the gym can teach . He knows there 's no way to prevent what happened in August in Charlottesville , where Heather Heyer was killed when a car barreled through a crowd of anti-racist counterprotesters . “ I do n't think any of us are naive to think that self-defense could have changed what happened , ” he said . To protect those battling it out in the streets , many antifa groups train members in street medicine . Those medics monitor the crowds , handing out water and sunscreen and acting as first responders if police bring out tear gas or a confrontation gets heated . The medics typically come from nursing or emergency medicine backgrounds , but many are laypeople trained by other street medics before them . But many antifa who spoke to BuzzFeed News said medical training alone wo n't protect them during confrontations . During the street fights that broke out in Berkeley between antifa and white supremacists earlier this year , Sean Hines realized that his side was n't ready for that kind of confrontation with the right . “ To be quite frank , they kicked our ass in a lot of instances … it was kind of an eye-opener that we really needed to start training , ” Hines said .
He created a fight club in Santa Rosa , California , to teach combat training to like-minded antifa . “ Antifa had strength in numbers , but when it came to symmetrical combat , we would usually lose , ” he said . Hines also founded an anarchist and socialist gun club , integrating guns into antifa self-defense to arm working-class people and create a “ left-wing militia. ” He 's not alone — several antifa groups are taking advantage of lax gun laws in their states and arming their members . “ The more people that are armed , the more that we have the ability to fight police terrorism or fight fascist terrorism , ” said Joseph Jordan , an anarchist who participates in Seattle antifa groups . “ When the fuckers see that we are willing to shoot back , they back the fuck off. ” On the East Coast , John — who asked to be identified only by his first name , as he has been arrested for possessing illegal ammunition in the past — said he feels the left has not moved quickly enough to acquire guns . “ People say , ‘ When the revolution happens , we 'll find the weapons . ' But weapons do n't just materialize out of nowhere , ” he said . “ We should take advantage of the fact that our country lets people bear arms. ” John aspires to bring the left onto equal footing with the far right , which he noticed has more effectively integrated weapons into its fighting strategy . “ They basically take military doctrine and bastardize it , ” he said . In April , Phoenix 's anti-racist , gunslinging John Brown Gun Club posted In April , Phoenix 's anti-racist , gunslinging John Brown Gun Club posted a video of its members at a range , clad in black and masked in red bandanas , firing at Pepe the frog targets — and missing . The video circulated among the online right , and not in the way that the John Brown Club intended . Instead of intimidating white supremacists with a demonstration of force , the video elicited jokes about the group members ' lack of gun safety knowledge . “ The biggest thing , I think , is for the left to really figure itself out . In its current state , it 's not prepared whatsoever , ” John said . “ You 're inviting the right wing to attack you. ” But the more people the left can arm , and arm effectively , the less the right can laugh in their faces , he argues . John only encourages the use of guns for defending oneself or anyone else gets attacked . But he sees them as a necessary tool within a larger set of antifa strategies — a controversial stance when massacres like the one in Las Vegas have led to calls for stricter gun control laws . Guns , John said , can aid in combating white supremacist and far-right terrorism , which he has noticed often involves a single actor carrying out shootings en masse ; such was the case with Dylann Roof in Charleston and Robert Lewis Dear in Colorado Springs . “ If the right wants to come and massacre us , then we 'll massacre them , ” he said . At gun ranges , anarchists John and Jordan take aim alongside conservative Second Amendment defenders . Often , they take newcomers out to the range to get a gun in their hand for the first time . Besides the arms trainings , John and Jordan also host martial arts and physical combat trainings . But in the face of Nazis heading down the streets with AR-15s , they do n't feel hand-to-hand defense offers enough protection . “ If there was a legitimate war , martial arts would n't be that useful , ” John said .
“ After Trump got elected , for the first time ever I went out and bought pepper spray , ” said one Haymaker organizer who goes by the pseudonym Naila . A Midwest native , Naila is Muslim , wears a hijab , and has spent much of her life as one of her small community 's visible minorities . Her local mosque has been vandalized . People driving down the street have stopped to yell slurs at her . So this June , she started carrying the pepper spray .
“ But having a can of pepper spray is very different than knowing what to do when you are physically capable , ” she said . Haymaker 's trainings have made her more aware of her surroundings and her own body 's natural reactions .
Naila said that more Muslim women like her feel an urgent need for self-defense and have started showing up for trainings . The gym strives to reach individuals who could be targeted by hate crimes across various backgrounds , particularly Muslims and Jews . And they are n't the only ones who see themselves at risk . Seattle anarchist Jordan , who is black , has noticed that many of those who have shown new interest in arming themselves , some who have never shot a gun before at all , are people of color or queer . They feel that their life is “ in danger in a very direct way right now , ” Jordan said . Haymaker 's Lanski , who is Jewish , has seen anti-Semitic slurs cover synagogues in his city . He has been a victim himself . A few years ago at an anti-fascist protest , Lanski was attacked by white supremacists and ended up with his teeth knocked out . He 's scared to live in the United States now more than ever — but the gym has helped him feel more confident about his ability to defend himself .
As a black man , Jordan said that sense of urgency is constant . “ I 've always seen the degree to which a potential escalation to the point of legal force is necessary , and it 's what this fucking country is founded on. ” Antifa are n't the first leftists to promote self-defense against fascism . In founding Haymaker , Lanski said he was inspired by Pacifico Di Consiglio , a Jewish-Italian teenager who Antifa are n't the first leftists to promote self-defense against fascism . In founding Haymaker , Lanski said he was inspired by Pacifico Di Consiglio , a Jewish-Italian teenager who started an anti-fascist boxing gym in the Jewish ghetto in 1938 in the face of Mussolini 's anti-Semitic policies . Jordan finds inspiration in Rob Williams , the Jordan finds inspiration in Rob Williams , the first US civil rights leader to encourage armed resistance to racial violence . He formed and trained the Black Guard , who came to the aid of black residents in North Carolina when law enforcement would not , making him one of many leaders to advocate the long-debated idea of fighting violence with violence . Typically , though , men have dominated these movements — a problem contemporary groups still face but are working to combat . “ We 're trying to build a space for people who may not be accepted by heteronormative macho gym culture , ” Lanski said . For him , Haymaker is as much about building strength as it is about building community . “ People feel very scared , and one of the effects of fear is isolation , ” he said . “ This is one of the ways we want to break away. ” ●
Outside Your Bubble is a BuzzFeed News effort to bring you a diversity of thought and opinion from around the internet . If you do n't see your viewpoint represented , contact the curator at bubble @ buzzfeed.com . Click here for more on Outside Your Bubble .
Kate Talerico is a contributing writer for BuzzFeed News . She is based out of Providence , RI and can be reached at kat.talerico @ gmail.com . Contact Kate Talerico at Contact Kate Talerico at Got a confidential tip ? Got a confidential tip ? Submit it here
Promoted by
News moves fast . Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email ! Sign up Great ! You 're almost there ! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now !
The and Hers crew react to the Panthers ' first loss of the season and question if they deserved to be humbled by the Falcons , `` dabbing all in their faces . '' ( 1:18 )
ATLANTA -- Falcons outside linebacker O'Brien Schofield did n't bite his tongue in lashing out at the Panthers after Atlanta 's 20-13 victory Sunday ended Carolina 's bid for an undefeated season .
Schofield said Panthers quarterback Cam Newton exited the field without saying anything to anyone except for Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan .
`` If you handle yourself with class , you do n't have to worry about that , '' Schofield said . `` But you see , they did n't handle themselves with class the first time we played [ when Carolina won 38-0 ] . So I did n't care about how they were feeling after this game . I was 'dabbing ' all in their faces .
`` They took a picture during the game and posted it on social media the first time we played . It was a whole team picture . And Cam was running up and down the sidelines . There was n't none of that today . We played a football game today . I 'm not even a trash talker , but when someone disrespects you and you get payback and then they ca n't handle it , that 's glorious . If they could handle it , it would be cool . I probably would n't have even 'dabbed . ' But I was 'dabbing ' in front of everybody . ''
Falcons linebacker O'Brien Schofield said Cam Newton and the Panthers were sore losers after their first loss of the season Sunday . Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
Everyone from Falcons team owner Arthur Blank to star wide receiver Julio Jones was doing the `` dab '' dance to mock Newton . Schofield did it in front of Panthers defensive end Charles Johnson .
`` Charles Johnson came up to me and said , 'Who are you ? ' and I said to him : ' I 'm a Super Bowl champ and a two-time NFC Champ . Who are you ? ' '' said Schofield , formerly with the Seattle Seahawks . `` They 're trying to tell me , 'You 're going to be at home while we 're in the playoffs . ' I do n't care . ''
Panthers cornerback Josh Norman , a notorious trash talker , reacted to Schofield 's comments .
`` Ai n't no disrespect . They made one play that put them over in this game , and that was kind of a throw up , '' Norman said , referring to Julio Jones ' 70-yard touchdown catch . `` We played our game ; they played theirs . And they just had one more play than we did . That 's what it came down to . They had energy , and there was a little bit of luck . Those things happen .
`` The first time , they were on our field . We came to their field . Hats off to those guys . They get paid , too . I have no comments about them . Julio is an amazing talent . I love playing against him -- two of the best . ''
Blah . Blah . Blah . Donald Trump was quick to lash out after reporting made clear that the current plan for building his precious wall involves Republican lawmakers allocating taxpayer dollars to fund it .
x The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall ( for sake of speed ) , will be paid back by Mexico later ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) January 6 , 2017
Caitlin McNeal writes :
Under Trump 's current plan for building a border wall , Congress will use existing legislation authorizing border fences to appropriate funds for additional building along the border , according to the Associated Press . Congress would not pass a new bill authorizing a wall . Trump surrogate Rep. Chris Collins ( R-NY ) also told CNN Friday morning that Trump will negotiate reimbursement with Mexico .
Yeah , we 'll believe that when we see it . Just one more lie they 're spinning in hopes that the American people will forget about it . Like that press conference Trump promised proving that his wife , Melania Trump , did n't evade immigration laws . Never happened . Or that press conference detailing how he 'll cut ties with his businesses so he can focus on the presidency . Still waiting . Or how about a look at those tax returns so we know the full breadth of his conflicts of interest ? Never gon na happen .
Ca n't wait for that “ foolproof ” plan to defeat ISIS .
# MAGA
Sign if you agree : Donald Trump , not taxpayers , should pay for the wall !
Sharbat Gula , Subject Of Iconic 'National Geographic ' Photo , Will Travel To India
Enlarge this image toggle caption Shah Marai/AFP/Getty Images Shah Marai/AFP/Getty Images
Days after she was deported from Pakistan to her native Afghanistan , the woman whose piercing green-eyed stare landed a spot on the cover of National Geographic will next travel to India for medical care .
That 's the news from Shaida Abdali , Afghanistan 's ambassador to India , who said via Twitter that Sharbat Gula `` will soon be in India for medical treatment free of cost . ''
Gula , who 's in her 40s , suffers from hepatitis C , according to her lawyer and multiple news outlets . She 's now poised to travel to Bangalore to receive treatment , according to Afghan news agency Khaama Press .
After fleeing Afghanistan as a young child , Gula spent decades in Pakistan before being arrested and charged with having falsified identity papers . When she arrived in Afghanistan Wednesday , she and her family were greeted by President Ashraf Ghani .
As Rebecca Hersher reported for the Two-Way earlier this week , `` Under a plan announced in Brussels in October , potentially tens of thousands of Afghans will be sent to Afghanistan from the European Union — so many people that the agreement notes both sides are considering whether to build a dedicated terminal for them all at Kabul International Airport . ''
For Hinckley , small steps toward an uncertain freedom
By Annys Shin
Washington Post Staff Writer
Monday , April 26 , 2010 ; A01
John W. Hinckley Jr. is a man of routine . On warm days , he likes to sit on a bench outside the John Howard Pavilion on the grounds of St. Elizabeths Hospital and work his way through a stack of newspapers and magazines . He 's often seen walking alone on the hospital grounds or ducking into Martin 's , a nearby carryout , to pick up four-packs of 9 Lives to feed to stray cats .
At 54 , the onetime presidential assailant lives like a kid on perpetual spring break . The closest thing he has to a 9-to-5 job is a volunteer gig at the hospital library . He fills his free time strumming on his guitar , crafting pop songs about ideal love , or going on supervised jaunts to the beach or a bowling alley .
After 28 years at the hospital in Southeast Washington , however , the realities of middle age have begun to set in .
His father , Jack Hinckley , died in 2008 , inspiring the son to pen a tribute song titled `` Hero . '' His mother , Jo Ann , is 84 . His siblings , Scott and Diane , live in Dallas . Over the government 's steadfast objections , U.S. District Judge Paul Friedman , who oversees his case , and Hinckley 's doctors are slowly preparing him for what they see as inevitable : his release from St. Elizabeths -- life on his own .
Toward that end , Friedman four years ago let Hinckley make overnight trips to his parents ' home in Williamsburg . As the visits passed without incident , the judge gradually increased their duration . Last June , Friedman upped the stays from seven to 10 days each for 12 visits . He also let Hinckley obtain a driver 's license .
Hinckley now enjoys the most freedom he has had since he was arrested in 1981 for shooting President Ronald Reagan , two law enforcement officers and White House press secretary Jim Brady . Brady suffered brain damage and remains partially paralyzed .
* * *
Friedman concluded that the depression that drove Hinckley , then a 25-year-old college dropout , to stalk actress Jodie Foster and try to impress her by killing a president has been in remission for at least 15 years . The judge said Hinckley still suffers from narcissistic personality disorder , but to a much lesser extent , partly because of a court order that forbids him to talk to the press .
That order , in place for two decades , ended a stream of letters to news outlets , including one in which Hinckley claimed to be a political prisoner and offered to trade places with Soviet dissident Andrei Sakharov .
Hinckley splits his time between two very different gated communities : the crumbling campus of St. Elizabeths and Kingsmill , the 2,900-acre luxury resort community in Williamsburg to which his parents relocated from Denver in the late 1980s to be closer to him . One has a shelter for the homeless , knee-high weeds and boarded-up buildings ; the other has three championship golf courses , a yacht club and a spa . Around St. Elizabeths , the fatal shooting of a resident might earn a brief in the newspaper . Around Kingsmill , the fatal shooting of a pet cat is front-page news .
Hinckley has voiced his preference . If released , he hopes to settle in Williamsburg . And who can blame him ? Instead of Martin 's , he has the Wine and Cheese Shop , where Hinckley and his mother are a frequent sight . Instead of carryouts , he has the Mill , a gourmet coffee shop overlooking tennis courts , where the manager says Hinckley sat recently with a small group of people drinking coffee . Even the state mental hospital in Williamsburg , Eastern State , where he volunteers in a library , is more pleasant .
But Williamsburg compares unfavorably to the District 's Ward 8 in one crucial way : The residents there are not quite as accommodating .
Although Hinckley was accosted at least once during an outing in the District by an angry resident who recognized him , he has ventured out undisturbed on hundreds of other occasions , with hospital employees or on his own .
In Williamsburg , by contrast , his social worker Carl Beffa found it nearly impossible to find Hinckley a volunteer job . The Humane Society , a local foundation , a homeless services group , a retirement home , a prison and the Salvation Army , among others , turned him down .
`` I could not believe the response , '' Beffa testified at the 2008 hearings on Hinckley 's request for more privileges . `` Raising my children in that community . . . it totally shocked me . ''
Dennis Grannan , who runs Vibrant Life Ministries , a homeless-services organization , was open to hiring Hinckley . `` It was in my heart to help him , '' he says . But his board did n't want to invite controversy .
Hinckley got an even colder reception from a singles group . His sister , Diane Sims , testified in 2008 that as soon as they arrived at the potluck event , the group leader told them Hinckley 's presence made her uncomfortable .
Hinckley has had better luck with Williamsburg 's clergy . Over the past year , he had several hour-long meetings with the Rev . Harry Warren , a 74-year-old Baptist minister who has counseled murderers and mental patients . `` We talked easily , '' says Warren , describing Hinckley as reserved and pleasant . `` We did n't go into great depth about anything . I was there just to listen . ''
The Williamsburg Unitarian Universalists have also welcomed Hinckley , offering him a volunteer job in their library . The Rev . Jennifer Ryu says her board agreed after being assured by Hinckley 's minders and his brother that Hinckley posed no danger to himself or others . `` He needs a community , '' Ryu says . `` He needs to socialize . We believe in leaving no one out of our circle . ''
Hinckley has not taken the Unitarians up on their offer . And prosecutors are likely to use that to ding him for laziness . In 2008 , they said that he would `` go to great lengths to contact women , play and record his music , and arrange for art lessons '' but lacked initiative when it came to finding a job .
`` Well , what 's new about that ? '' countered Hinckley 's attorney , Barry Levine . `` Many people prefer art and music and social relationships to hard work . Can it be said . . . that makes them dangerous ? ''
In Kingsmill , Hinckley 's regular visits have put some residents at ease . `` As far as I am concerned , he was always welcome , '' says a woman who lives at the end of Jo Ann Hinckley 's block and declined to give her name . Before Jack Hinckley died , she frequently saw father and son walking . These days , she is more likely to see the younger Hinckley behind the wheel , his mother at his side .
A few blocks away , some homeowners express concern about what will come next . `` The question is , what is it going to be like when he is unsupervised 24-7 ? '' says longtime resident John Shulson . `` In the back of my head , I have doubts . ''
* * *
Friedman has addressed such concerns by imposing a slew of restrictions . At least four days before going to Williamsburg , Hinckley must give the court the names and addresses of places he plans to go . Whenever he leaves his mother 's subdivision , he must take her or a sibling . After each excursion , his family has to fill out a report on his behavior . Hinckley can surf the Internet only with family supervision or with controls that limit his access to certain sites .
Hinckley must also meet with Beffa and a psychiatrist on every trip to Williamsburg . He has to carry a GPS-enabled cellphone so hospital officials and the Secret Service can verify his whereabouts . The Secret Service also dispatches agents to keep an eye on him .
All that surveillance makes it hard for Hinckley to achieve a main therapeutic objective of the trips : to make friends and meet women , or , as the court order put it , `` integrating himself into his mother 's community . ''
Hinckley has n't had a steady girlfriend since Leslie deVeau , a former patient at St. Elizabeths . After more than a decade , the relationship ended in 2007 . His doctors testified that deVeau could no longer take the scrutiny from the Secret Service , reporters , the hospital and the court .
Because Hinckley 's obsession with Foster inspired his attack , psychiatrists and lawyers devote much energy to dissecting his interactions with women . In 1997 , a judge denied his request for more time with his parents because of the intense attention he began paying to St. Elizabeths chief pharmacist Jeannette Wick . More recently , the government and his attorneys have debated whether his behavior toward women is concerning or merely hapless .
For a guy who spends most of his time confined to an institution or chaperoned by his elderly mother , Hinckley has a busy love life . He has been romantically involved with at least two women and befriended several others . Nicole Rafanello , one of his doctors , testified that he tended to `` stockpile '' women because he was starved for female attention and needed `` backups . ''
He had a rocky relationship with a woman identified in court papers as `` Ms. M , '' who started as a friend but at some point granted him what Hinckley called `` fondling privileges . '' Ms. M suffered from bipolar disorder , and Hinckley 's doctors said she could be unpredictable and say hurtful things about his family .
Hinckley was also involved with a woman identified as `` Ms. G , '' whom his sister described as `` energetic , '' `` vivacious '' and taken . She had a live-in boyfriend . Prosecutors cited both liaisons as evidence of Hinckley 's poor judgment and troubling tendency to pursue unrealistic romances .
The judge did n't buy it .
At one point during the 2008 hearings , Levine asked rhetorically whether people should be locked up for bad judgment in romantic relationships . Friedman interjected : `` We do n't have enough room . ''
Back at St. Elizabeths , Hinckley is spending his last days at the John Howard Pavilion doing what he always does : sitting outside , reading . In the coming weeks , he will move next door into the hospital 's new glass-sheathed , grass-topped facility . Its `` therapeutic design '' offers airy living spaces and enclosed courtyards .
On a recent afternoon , he parked himself on a bench with a plastic bag filled with magazines and newspapers . ( He gave up books about 10 years ago after prosecutors said his reading list proved he was still into violence-themed books and music . The list was never made public . )
His outfit -- T-shirt , shorts and baseball cap -- befit a man with no pressing appointments . After a while , he got up and moved to a bench beneath some trees . From his new spot , he sat quietly looking out at the parking lot . A few minutes later , a hospital worker appeared by the entrance . Although she said nothing , he seemed to take it as his cue to go . Toting his plastic bag , he ambled past her without a word and disappeared through the glass doors .
Staff researcher Meg Smith contributed to this report .
© 2010 The Washington Post Company
By By Jack Derricourt Feb 17 , 2017 in Sports Many Toronto baseball fans may see the loss of Edwin Encarnacion during the offseason as the great tagedy of the season — even though spring training 's only just begun . Yes , he 's old , he runs like a broken cement mixer and his fielding is at the very bottom of his resume . But Morales is a slugger , plain and simple . Over his career , he has DH 'd and played mostly first , with some outfield work thrown in . His last two seasons with Kansas City say a lot about what he brings to the Blue Jays . He hit 22 homers in the Royals ' 2015 championship season , and 30 last year . Now , remember , READ MORE : SIX REASONS HAVING JOEY BATS BACK IN TORONTO IS PURE GOLD Some of Morales ' highlights from last year show absolutely mammoth centrefield homers at Kauffman . If he can replicate those hits , but learn to direct them for the short corner outfield fences at Rogers Centre , he 'll have a very happy team and fan base behind him . And if the spray chart from his visits to the Blue Jays ' home turf from last year are any indication , he could certainly do that . Here 's Morales ' spray chart from Rogers Centre last year : Kendrys Morales 2016 spray chart at Rogers Centre . pic.twitter.com/fTklShQtE0 — Daren Willman ( @ darenw ) November 11 , 2016 A switch-hitting slugger — When was the last time we had a relaible one of those ? Numbers set to improve in Rogers Centre and the rest of the AL ? The AL East is a hard-throwing , heavy-hitting division . Players that are good at hitting the long ball generally get the advantage of the division 's many home-run happy parks . We could soon see Morales raking at Fenway , punching multi-run homers at the short porch of Yankee stadium , on top of all the help the home park could give his numbers . With spring training underway , fans will start to see how Morales will factor into the team that 's taking shape . But his pedigree is filled with heavy hitting , and the Jays are the right team for that kind of offensive talent . But , there are rays of sunshine peeking through the clouds — and they look a lot like Kendrys Morales.Yes , he 's old , he runs like a broken cement mixer and his fielding is at the very bottom of his resume . But Morales has a chance to push his great talent of crushing pitches out of the park all the way up this year with Toronto.Morales is a slugger , plain and simple . Over his career , he has DH 'd and played mostly first , with some outfield work thrown in . His last two seasons with Kansas City say a lot about what he brings to the Blue Jays . He hit 22 homers in the Royals ' 2015 championship season , and 30 last year . Now , remember , Morales hit a big number of those home runs at KC 's Kauffman stadium — which saw the lowest home run numbers in the AL ( besides the mammoth pitcher 's wonderland that is Oakland ) in 2016.Some of Morales ' highlights from last year show absolutely mammoth centrefield homers at Kauffman . If he can replicate those hits , but learn to direct them for the short corner outfield fences at Rogers Centre , he 'll have a very happy team and fan base behind him . And if the spray chart from his visits to the Blue Jays ' home turf from last year are any indication , he could certainly do that . Here 's Morales ' spray chart from Rogers Centre last year : Melky Cabrera did great things for the Jays in 2013 & 2014 . His switch slugging was a bright spark amidst a fairly lacklustre couple of seasons . In Cabrera 's healthy 2014 with Toronto , the slugger was worth 3.1 wins above replacement . While Morales has never given the same level of WAR back to KC over the last two years , there 's a chance that having that level of switch-hitting power in the AL East will improve his numbers.The AL East is a hard-throwing , heavy-hitting division . Players that are good at hitting the long ball generally get the advantage of the division 's many home-run happy parks . We could soon see Morales raking at Fenway , punching multi-run homers at the short porch of Yankee stadium , on top of all the help the home park could give his numbers.With spring training underway , fans will start to see how Morales will factor into the team that 's taking shape . But his pedigree is filled with heavy hitting , and the Jays are the right team for that kind of offensive talent . More about Kendrys Morales , Toronto blue jays , MLB , Baseball , American league Kendrys Morales Toronto blue jays MLB Baseball American league East
Essex 153 for 3 ( Browne 44 ) lead Leicestershire 138 ( Ryder 5-50 , Napier 3-43 ) by 15 runs
Scorecard
Jesse Ryder 's bowling has been a revelation at Essex ( file photo ) © Getty Images
Jesse Ryder claimed career-best first-class bowling figures to keep Essex in contention for promotion on the first day of their County Championship game against Leicestershire at Grace Road . The bottom-of-the-table hosts were dismissed for 138 in 36.4 overs , with New Zealand allrounder Ryder taking 5 for 50 .
And by the time a heavy rain shower ended play half an hour early , Essex had reached 153 for 3 to lead by 15 runs , with Ravi Bopara and James Foster still together having shared a fourth-wicket stand of 58 .
It was Ryder 's third five-wicket haul of the season and only Dan Redfern , who made an unbeaten 54 , showed any real resistance on a green looking pitch that offered plenty of encouragement to the Essex seam bowlers .
Graham Napier took 3 for 43 and David Masters 2 for 43 as Leicestershire lost eight wickets for 90 runs in the pre-lunch session after being put in to bat . It required some spirited hitting from tailenders Charlie Shreck and Atif Sheikh to take the total beyond the 100 mark . Shreck made 16 in a ninth wicket partnership of 34 - the biggest of the innings - while Sheikh contributed 12 to a last wicket stand of 14 .
The only other batsman to reach double figures was opener Greg Smith , who made 26 before edging a catch to Foster off Masters . The seven other Leicestershire batsmen mustered just 21 runs between them .
Ryder ripped through Leicestershire 's top and middle order with his accurate medium-pace swing bowling , taking five wickets in an unbroken 14-over spell before lunch . He trapped Angus Robson , Niall O'Brien and Jigar Naik lbw , bowled Josh Cobb with a delivery that nipped back and had Rob Taylor caught at first slip .
Then Napier chipped in with the last three wickets , despite being hit for a six by Redfern who reached 50 off 65 balls with six other boundaries . His effort was the only bright note in an otherwise disappointing batting performance by Leicestershire .
In contrast the Essex openers , riding their luck at times , put on 47 in 18 overs before Taylor had Tom Westley lbw with a fine inswinging delivery for 24 . Westley should have been out without scoring but was dropped at slip by Smith off Shreck . Taylor struck again in the same over with another lbw decision going in his favour when he rapped Jaik Mickleburgh on the pads .
Shreck finally picked up the wicket he deserved when O'Brien took a good catch behind to remove Nick Browne for 44 . But there was no further breakthrough for Leicestershire as Bopara and Foster took control . Foster was unbeaten on 36 with six fours and a six and Bopara 's 33 came off 95 balls .
Essex head coach , Paul Grayson , said : `` I was delighted to see some grass on the wicket because we desperately need a result . And our three seam bowlers all stepped up to the plate and delivered for us . ''
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
by Naja and Arnaud Girard……. “ By midnight Monday the flames had gotten bigger and bigger and then the cold front arrived , ” says Pascal Beregevoi , “ The gusts were really ferocious and all of a sudden smoke , embers , and ashes completely engulfed the boat. ” Pascal , who lives on a boat with her teenage daughter near Wisteria Island , had hoped the cold front was going to bring some rain and extinguish the fire . Instead , with the strong winds , the fire , which had been growing on Wisteria Island for 24 hours , exploded into a fiery inferno . Pascal and her daughter were trapped on their boat .
“ I turned into a smoke refugee , ” jokes Tommy Haas , another liveaboard boater from the western anchorage , “ I could n't breathe . I had to run out of my boat . I hopped in my dinghy and went to my friend 's boat on the east side of the island . I stayed there most of the night and then the wind shifted again and the smoke filled up the cabin . “ I said , ‘ I know where we 're going ' and we went back to my boat . ”
Troy , whose boat was directly downwind of the fire , spent the night throwing buckets of water over the sails to extinguish the falling embers . Meanwhile , a friend was texting us with “ the island is especially beautiful right now . ”
On the island the mood was not as jolly . “ We were stranded , ” says Christopher aka “ Irish ” . We fought the fire all night Sunday with buckets of water . There were clusters of fire starting up everywhere . One camper , “ Bermuda John ” was able to save only a portion of his stuff and sought refuge on the beach .
“ The fire department did n't show up until Monday morning . They were here for about three hours . They took our names . We showed them our burned dinghy , but they did n't want to give us a ride to shore . They said an investigator would come talk to us . “
On Thursday the crew of wiped-out ‘ Christmas Tree Islanders ' was finally taken to shore with minor burns on their legs and feet . The strange part is that the boaters had seen the seven people stranded on the island but refused to help them .
“ They were at the north point of the island begging for a ride off for days . They were screaming , ‘ you can have the island back , ' but nobody would stop , ” says one boat owner . ‘ Giving the island back ' might have something to do with the cause of the fire . This is where Lord of the Flies meets the guys from Deliverance . What really happened is pure movie material . Let us try to piece it back together :
On Sunday evening just before sunset , the catamaran Sebago radioed an urgent call to the U.S. Coast Guard . The crew of the trimaran had seen a series of red flairs shot into Wisteria Island . They described the beginnings of a “ substantial fire ” .
This , at least , matches the story of the islanders . “ Some guys came with a boat , ” says Irish , “ They poured gasoline over Beverly 's dinghy and shot a flare into the motor . Then they shot a bunch of flares toward our camp and everything went up in flames . ”
Beverly and the other six homeless ‘ islanders ' were stuck on the island moving around all night as the wind shifted and the fires jumped from place to place . Beverly , a frontier woman of sorts , is known for her lightening speed moves with a blade . She is the charismatic ruler of a group of ‘ lost boys ' who live on Wisteria Island .
But why would anyone want to burn their boat and camp ? “ They say we stole their dinghy and their outboard engine , ” says Irish . Is that true ? “ I do n't know , maybe someone did , ” says Irish . There is indeed a police report about an engine stolen and recovered on the island the day the fire broke out . That did n't result in any arrests however . A witness from a nearby boat described the police intervention :
“ The police boat came onto the east side of the island , but they could not get off their boat . Finally one of them managed to climb down the bow onto the beach where Beverly was with her guys . But then Beverly 's two Pit Bulls came out from under the trees and started attacking the cop so he ran back to his boat and they left . They did n't ask any questions – just left . ”
Reportedly , immediately following the police officers ' failure to investigate , rumors of retaliation against Beverly 's group of homeless campers began to run wild on the docks at Key West Bight . ‘ If the police refuse to intervene and protect people from thieves then the people are going to have to take care of it themselves… ' That evening is when the island went up in flames and Beverly 's boat was burned .
The battle between Beverly 's homeless campers and the boaters began a few weeks before the fire and was about an old barbeque grill .
According to boaters , Beverly 's men took the barbeque grill out of the neatly kept camp the boaters use on Saturday nights to play music . It 's called “ Kids Camp ” , an area that had been made into a sanctuary ( no beer allowed ) when , after hurricane Wilma , many families left homeless by the storm moved onto Wisteria Island .
“ I just went over there and reclaimed the barbeque , ” says ‘ Cowboy George ' , another boater . But Beverly says he was threatening and mean and a whole lot of beer later , that same night , the two groups had a regular brawl , which included a rusty hammer , two machetes , a frying pan and a pocketknife . Irish says he got stabbed , but when we asked to take a picture of the wound we could barely see a scab . Even though during the fight Beverly 's own Pit Bull took a chunk out of her arm , Beverly 's group has remained ‘ in control ' of the island .
On Thursday morning we took a tour of the smoldering island with biological consultant Robert Ehrig , an expert in Native trees and Cactus of the Keys with over thirty-five years of experience . Against all odds , we 're told the fire has probably done more good than harm . It burned the pine needles and alot of the Australian pine but only roasted the live Seagrape , Black Torch , and Gumbo Limbo – all native plants – which have a good chance of recovering . Ehrig tells us the ashes will bring a lot of nutrients to the soil and make it ready for wide-spread expansion of native plant growth during the next rainy season .
At press time the island was still burning .
Gordon Black is a young man , counting the years , but he has seen quite a lot in those years , especially the few most recent years . He is living through the apocalyptic changes ravaging the land , he has experienced a rebirth and he is being hunted by one of the two remaining factions vying for power – The Ward . Gordon himself is searching for the mythical Crowman , the harbinger of change and transformation ; a dark symbol of hope . The Book of The Crowman reveals Gordon 's final fate and much if it is seen by a Keeper in the future , Megan . Joseph D'Lacey brings his Black Dawn duology to a conclusion in this harrowing novel .
Perhaps a year or two has passed since we last saw Gordon Black ( in Black Feathers , reviewed HERE ) struggling to survive and find the Crowman ; the world has crumbled even more , but Gordon 's resolve and tenacity has strengthened . He admits to killing members of the Ward to other characters , especially the one in whom he confides the most : Denise . With Denise , D'Lacey has introduced a romantic companion for Gordon in the second half of the duology ; a strong woman with a daughter ( Flora ) and an immediate past in which she did everything she could to survive and to help prolong the life of her ailing daughter . Gordon helps her flee some men who have been lording over her , but not before her daughter passes . What Gordon gains is not only a female companion in Denise , but hope from Flora who instills to Gordon , through her absolute belief that Gordon can find the Crowman a sense of hope . Flora 's faith in Gordon helps to drive him for the remainder of the novel .
Like the previous novel , the structure of the narrative is one element which helps to elevate the story from standard post-apocalyptic fare . Megan discovering Gordon 's story , along with us as the reader , had a very strong resonance to the film depiction of Bastion reading The Neverending Story and meeting the characters of the novel . It is a similar trick D'Lacey plays and works to great effect when Megan and Gordon 's story-paths intersect , and how they intersect .
The Crowman as a figure has increased in prominence . In Black Dawn he was a whisper , a myth , but here in The Book of the Crowman , the figure is said to have been seen by other characters . He is a lightning rod , hunted by the Ward , elevated to a savoir figure by the Green Men ( the rag-tag groups who oppose the structured order of the Ward ) . Gordon 's sole purpose is to find the Crowman by any means .
The character of Denise is the lone adult female character during the Apocalypse ; Megan lives in the Post-Apocalypse world and in a transition period both in her role as a keeper and as she transitions from girl to woman . Denise is a strong character in the sense that she helps Gordon , but is moved around the story with little true control of the situations in which she finds herself . It would be too much to say she completely lacks agency , but often she is defined not by herself , but her relationship to the men she encounters . In fairness , nearly every character in the novel is defined by their relationship to Gordon .
As the story/novel draw to close , the environmental theme of a Mother Earth is still strong , but more Judeo-Christian overtones vie for control of the story . These overtones were hinted at during the lead up to the story 's climax , but the theme thundered full force during a very graphic scene at the end . The allegory and resonant nature of the closing elements go from hints to being actually played out by the characters . The graphic nature of that pivotal scene is much more in-your-face and visceral than the earlier horrors hinted at in the novel . Considering much of D'Lacey 's previous fiction is very much in the horror genre , this should n't be much of a surprise . For me , this shift worked in the larger context and themes I felt from of the Black Dawn , but I can see this element being a divisive point for readers .
That larger context , to me , is the power of story ; how that power can push people to survive , to believe in hope . How the power of story can resonate throughout history and also obscure those things many people accept as facts . What makes it work so well here in D'Lacey 's story is how the power of story D'Lacey 's text illuminates puts into question many of the stories ( and history to an extent ) we have come to accept as defining ideology and how much of those histories can be simply just story , rather than events to actually have transpired .
One thing that kept itching my sensibilities as I was reading the novel is that it is a very localized novel . That is , the story takes place entirely in Britain so there is n't too detailed an indication of whether or not the whole world is crumbling . While the feel of the story hints at such , there is n't a global view . I ca n't really place a value judgment on that strongly in the positive or negative , but it stood out more as the story progressed .
There was also seemed to be willful block-headedness about some of the characters . That in order to keep the story moving , certain characters had to ignore the obvious things , especially about themselves . Again ; however , that characteristic can be seen as any person 's unwillingness to believe certain things about themselves ; people who are depressed are often the last to admit to depression on the negative side ; other people are humble and willfully disbelieve their own hype .
In the end , The Book of the Crowman is a novel that made me think ; a novel that paired with Black Feathers , the first half of The Black Dawn , revealed a story that will sit with me for quite a while . There is powerful resonance in the story . I 'm not sure how to feel about some of its parts , but the whole of it is an engaging , and at many times , fresh take on Apocalyptic fiction . Some parts and elements of story and themes D'Lacey tries to impart are tougher to swallow than others , but the Gestalt of the story is one I can strongly recommend .
© 2014 Rob H. Bedford
Angry Robot Books , February 2014
Mass Market Paperback 978-0-857-66348-1 / eBook : 978-0-857-66349-8
Book 2 of The Black Dawn
http : //josephdlacey.wordpress.com/
Review copy ( ebook ) courtesy of the publisher , Angry Robot Books
Share this post : on Twitter on Facebook on Google+
The normally tranquil southern Minnesota town of Faribault was thrown into turmoil Friday when a former police captain fatally shot his ex-wife , who had a restraining order against him , then killed himself , authorities said .
Police were summoned shortly after noon to Faribault 's Chamber of Commerce building at 530 Wilson Av . after a customer found the bodies of Richard Larson , 61 , and Barbara Larson , 59 , both of Faribault , behind the front desk , officials said .
The customer ran out of the building and drove to a nearby Burger King restaurant , where he called 911 , according to police scanner audio .
The apparent murder-suicide is the second one in the town this month .
“ Being such a small community , Faribault PD has worked with both [ Larsons ] in the past , ” Chief Andy Bohlen said in a news release . “ Our collective hearts are broken after responding to such a tragedy . Our thoughts and prayers are with all families involved . ”
Richard Larson retired from the police force in 2008 , officials said . Barbara Larson was membership services and events coordinator for the Chamber of Commerce , according to the organization 's website .
A Rice County deputy takes out equipment before heading toward the Faribault Chamber of Commerce building on Wilson Avenue . The road was blocked off at Seventh Street and Hwy . 60 Friday afternoon .
The Chamber on Friday afternoon posted a condolence message on its Facebook page , which was later taken down .
Police confirmed later that Barbara Larson had a restraining order against her former husband . The two were divorced in 2014 .
No police calls
A handgun was found on the ground near the two bodies , Faribault police Capt . Neal Pederson said at an afternoon news conference .
Pederson told reporters that he was n't aware of any disputes between the Larsons , adding that police have n't received any domestic dispute-related calls involving the former couple .
“ We did n't have any calls where officers had to go in and mediate , ” he said . “ We are aware that there was a harassment restraining order served this week on the male party , involving the female . ”
A 2006 article in the Faribault Daily News reported that Larson , then a police captain , had been investigated in connection with a domestic incident involving his son , but he was never disciplined .
A Facebook page in Larson 's name said that he worked as a safety coordinator for the National Child Safety Council , a Michigan-based nonprofit , and studied law enforcement in college . According to online court records , Larson has no previous criminal history .
Officers responding to the scene Friday found a note near the bodies that “ made reference to ” the shooting , according to police scanner reports .
Another officer on the scanner is heard saying that the gunman had taken “ all his guns and some ammo yesterday from his son 's house . ”
When officers arrived , they set up a barrier around the building , awaiting the arrival of an armored vehicle before going inside , according to scanner audio . The driver of a vehicle seen leaving the area after police arrived was briefly questioned , according to the scanner audio , but was released after investigators determined that he had not been involved . No one else was thought to have been in the building at the time of the shooting .
Faribault police continued their investigation Friday night in search of a motive for the slaying , aided by the Rice County Sheriff 's Office and the state Bureau of Criminal Apprehension .
A second tragedy
Friday 's murder-suicide was the second this month in Faribault .
On Dec. 11 , police found Ryan Perrizo , 33 , and Lynnaya Stoddard-Espinoza , 8 , dead of gunshot wounds in their home in the 2500 block of Hulett Avenue , according to published reports at the time . They determined that Perrizo had shot the child , then himself .
Investigators say Perrizo and his wife , who died of a sudden illness in 2014 , had petitioned for and received a temporary custody consent decree in 2012 , which granted them sole legal and physical custody of the little girl , making them her legal guardians .
An officer prepared to head toward the Faribault Chamber of Commerce building . Police were summoned to the building Friday after a customer found two bodies behind the front desk .
Relatives said that Perrizo had been despondent since the death of his wife .
The Trump administration , having passed the six-month milestone in office , kicked off the next phase of his presidency with an explosion of crazy , spread over the past seven days . Like sweeps week on The Apprentice , every day saw some headline-grabbing event to garner ratings . It started with leaks against his former bosom buddy , attorney general , Jeff Sessions . President Trump , “ sources ” said , was planning to fire him . It moved on to a speech to the Boy Scouts of America jamboree , where Trump told the story of a property developer who lost a fortune and was lurking at a New York party with the “ hottest people ” . Later , there was a tweet announcement banning transgender people from the military .
This explosion of crazy concluded with his new White House chief of communications , Anthony Scaramucci , calling the New Yorker 's political correspondent Ryan Lizza to trash virtually everyone in the White House . He compared himself positively to the president 's dark lord and special adviser , Stephen Bannon : “ I 'm not Steve Bannon , I 'm not trying to suck my own cock . I 'm not trying to build my own brand off the fucking strength of the president . ”
Does n't Scaramucci , or “ the Mooch ” , as he was known on Wall Street , have a mother ? Wo n't she be ashamed to see him talking like that in public ? The week ended with a big name fired : White House chief of staff , Reince Priebus .
And up on Capitol Hill things were n't a lot less calm . There was the closed-door interrogation of Jared Kushner , the president 's son-in-law , on Russian connections to the Trump campaign . Then came the Republican Senate majority 's inability to repeal the Affordable Care Act , aka Obamacare , featuring John McCain voting yes , to debate the bill , then no , to kill it stone dead – until The Apprentice goes into reruns .
All of these events , and a dozen more I do n't have space to mention , create a picture of utter chaos across the American government . Trump has ridden roughshod over not just the customs and norms of presidential behaviour but also basic standards of human decency .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Anthony Scaramucci : foul-mouthed defender of Donald Trump . Photograph : Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP
In doing so , he has forced journalists and the institutions they write for to change their basic standards of acceptable language . We use the words crazy and stupid now in our reports because some of the behaviour and actions of Trump and his team are crazy and stupid . We debate whether to refer to the Trump administration or the Trump regime , with all the pejorative connotations that word carries . The New York Times is still the Grey Lady , but it has to print “ sucking his own cock ” , because that 's what the president 's top communications official said .
People on the outside wonder where the famous checks and balances are that have made American democracy function for more than 230 years ? They are still there and , up to a point , still working . For example , presidential power was checked when Trump 's ban on travellers from seven Muslim nations was halted by the courts . The ban is now mired in a legal process .
However , what the madness , abnormality or whatever you want to call it emanating from the White House does draw attention to is the real problem in American politics – the Republicans are no longer a political party but a political faction , a much more dangerous thing .
The danger of factions was recognised at the foundation of the United States . In The Federalist Number 10 , a highly influential essay on political theory published in 1787 , James Madison defined faction as “ a number of citizens , whether amounting to a minority or majority of the whole , who are united and actuated by some common impulse of passion , or of interest , adverse to the rights of other citizens , or to the permanent and aggregate interests of the community ” .
Madison understood the most dangerous thing that can happen in a society is for a group and its political representatives to act as if their view alone represents the nation . This leads them to think that they alone are the nation and the views of those who disagree with them not worthy of consideration .
The US has , over the past quarter of a century , become ungovernable at the national level
Republican factionalism has led their elected representatives in Congress to upend existing constitutional customs as thoroughly as Trump has destroyed the existing norms of presidential conduct . They have defamed the design of Madison and Thomas Jefferson by refusing to co-operate with the Democrats in any meaningful way . In fact , the idea of a pluralist society is anathema to them and they have been trying to crush it for decades .
The design of the Founders balanced the inevitable competing points of view that would grow in a society where people were free to follow different religions and debate ideas openly . It was for a society that encompassed the competing world views of urban dwellers and farmers . Without respect for these rules the system can not work .
The result is that the US has , over the past quarter of a century , become ungovernable at the national level . Sadly , Madison , having identified the threat in the 18th century “ that either a minority or a majority ” might become a faction , was unable to think of a solution to the problem that might work in the 21st . The minority in the country – the Republican faction – is now the majority in both houses of Congress and in the state governments . It holds the White House , although neither of the last two Republican presidents gained office while winning a majority of the popular vote .
Trump 's overall approval ratings may be historically low but his support in the Republican faction remains remarkably high . And for a reason – Trump has delivered for them . He appointed Neil Gorsuch , a hard-right judge , to the seat on the supreme court the Republican faction would n't allow President Obama to fill . Immigration from Mexico has slowed dramatically . And in a wave of executive orders , he overturned many Obama-era environmental rules and reinstated the Dakota pipeline project . What 's more , Trump daily drives liberals absolutely crazy with his politically incorrect tweets . The base of the Republican faction , roughly 36 % of the population , will stay loyal to him .
Ultimately , the supreme constitutional checks on presidential behaviour remain article 1 , section 3 : impeachment , or the 25th Amendment ( which deals with succession ) . If the Republicans were a political party as they were at the time of Watergate , that would have to be a consideration for Trump and his team . It might moderate the administration 's behaviour if there were a genuine threat of being constitutionally removed from office . But there is n't . The Republicans are a faction and the president is one of them .
So Trump carries on in office , unchecked and unbalanced . A majority of Americans , and most of the planet , watch and say , this ca n't go on . But it can . For a while , at least .
Michael Goldfarb hosts the FRDH podcast www.goldfarbpod.com
It 's been a month since gamescom and it 's a month until the launch of the next generation of consoles… and still , the only next-gen game I 'm actually waiting for , and rooting for , is Lords of the Fallen . What I 've seen in Cologne was just a prototype – not even an alpha – and after the presentation and an hour of conversation with Tomasz Gop , the creative director in charge of the game , I just could n't care for any other title I 've seen there .
So I wrote a preview for our print edition . And then we thought that Harkyn , the game 's protagonist , might look nice on our cover . And he actually does . But then , two days before our deadline , we got an e-mail saying that some things about the game have changed . I got scared , thinking that they 're going to change everything I liked about the game , but fortunately , after another two hours on the phone with Gop , I knew that I have nothing to be afraid of . Hell , Lords of the Fallen is probably going to be even better than I thought . And I 'm soooo glad to be the first to tell you about some of these things !
Please , be excited
So , the easiest way to write about Lords of the Fallen is to say that it resembles Dark Souls . It 's an action RPG focused on tactical combat , a game which requires the player to have an actual will to learn its mechanics instead of allowing him to blindly hack and slash through the dungeons . It 's going to have an open world connected in various places by shortcuts and plenty of arenas in which we 're going to fight , most often , one on one .
However , there are plenty of differences between those titles . For example , the entry level , the amount of work you have to put into Dark Souls in order to enjoy it , is set real high . Plenty of players are missing out on the game because it 's just so hard to get into but Lords of the Fallen is going to be different – what Gop 's trying to achieve is a game of the same depth and complexity as Dark Souls , but with the entry level resembling a standard western RPG . He wants to create something your Skyrim-obsessed friend could actually pick up and learn to play without getting mashed , and demotivated , by the Asylum Demon in the first five minutes of play .
Gop wants to teach and motivate – to introduce the mechanics properly and make them understandable to everyone who will pick up the controller . Yet , at the same time , judging by what I 've seen and heard , he 's going to direct the game in a way which slowly turns newbies into pros and at the same time – being a Dark soul fanatic himself – he does n't want to bore the hardcore players who are sure to try his game out . How ? Let 's start at the beginning .
Just try not to die
In Lords of the Fallen you 're going to play as Harkyn and you 're going to choose his starting class from three archetypes : the cleric , the warrior and rogue . That choice is instantly and intuitively understood by every player who 've seen an RPG before -- it could have been easier to design the game around three possible playstyles but that 's not what Gop 's aiming at .
By choosing a rogue you wo n't be stuck with fast attacks and stealth for the rest of the game – you can change your class gear anytime you want and become a warrior whenever you want . The only thing which you wo n't be able to do is use a certain kind of magic available only to the starting class you 've taken . So , archetypical clerics might be able to heal themselves and rogues could affect their critical attack rates -- and once you 've decided on a rogue you wo n't be able to use cleric 's spells ... But you probably wo n't need them in the long run anyway .
Because the starting class system is designed to be easy to understand – hence the clichéd classes – and not to let players drown in thousands of options and choices . Moreover , magic in Lords of the Fallen will be overpowered . And that 's a conscious design decision . You wo n't be able to spam bosses with fireballs and 1-hit KO them , but what magic is supposed to do at first , is to help newbies direct the difficulty level of the whole game until they 're able to swim on their own .
At the same time , veteran players of Dark Souls and such , will be able to ditch magic and focus completely on melee combat – they will be buying skillpoints instead of spells ( a choice of either-or because there will be only one currency and magic will be more expensive ) and developing their characters according to their own vision of gameplay . The spells are a helping hand you might want to accept but you do n't have to .
What 's going to be necessary , though , is understanding and learning of mechanics . At first it might be easier just to bomb half of the enemy 's health bar away with a nice and flashy spell , but the beast will still have to be killed anyway . So , either way , you will actually have to learn how the game 's really played .
And Lords of the Fallen will focus mainly on duels – you will have to observe the moves of your enemies and learn when to attack , when to parry , when to dodge and when to just get the hell out of the fight . Normal foes might come in pairs – like an archer teaming with a melee fighter – but this kind of encounters will rather test player 's knowledge of the game and his skills than serve as another reason to laugh in his face with another YOU DIED on the screen . Bosses , however , will pose a different kind of threat – their tactics will change during the fight . Once you reach a certain point of their health bar , they might lose their shields and start to fight with two hands , later they might lose their armor and go bananas – spamming you with attacks , so you 'll have to roll , roll , roll and roll just not to get killed and think about fighting them when they chill the hell out .
Melee in Lords of the Fallen is dynamic , it 's different , it 's beautiful – you have to adapt to the situation and solve puzzles on the fly . You have to get better and you will want to get better -- learn the pros and cons of every class and every weapon you 'll find . Facing a certain enemy you might want to change into a rogue and make use of his combos – if you time your attacks perfectly ( and I mean perfectly ) , they will drain less stamina and you 'll be able to kill more efficiently . But maybe you 'll feel better as a cleric who can charge his attacks by draining more stamina than needed and hitting the harder the more was used . You will look for the right moment , you will adapt and take chances . And sometimes you 'll die .
Gop wants to make every death count – it will be a learning mechanism , just like in Dark Souls , because you will always know what you 've done wrong . But it wo n't be as painful . He wants to motivate players and make them care about what they 've lost while dying . So when you die , you lose all you 've got and you have to get it back . You lose all the currency and all temporary perks you 've unlocked by slashing your enemies -- because the better you are , the more efficient your playstyle is , the better killstreaks you get , and you are rewarded with more experience from every kill until it 's doubled . But it 's easy to get careless , so you 'll have to run from the last checkpoint – which wo n't be a rarity – to the beautiful corpse you 've left along the way .
The faster you get there , the more of your lost money and perks you regain . If you 're too late – you get nothing . But every time you 're able to meet with your corpse , even if you needed an hour , the game will randomly give you a boost : for a short duration of time you might recover stamina faster , get more EXP or be stronger . It 's a gamble , but you 'll never end up empty-handed – death is a tool which is supposed to help you learn , but every time you die you get something to help you regain everything you 've lost .
Crafting and gear
But equally important as “ how you fight ” is “ what you fight with ” , and Lords of the Fallen looks damn nice in this aspect . You will be able to choose from variety of weapons and armor – most often you 'll find full sets of cleric , warrior and rogue gear , and you 'll optimize them in order to get the best results in stats . Gop does n't want to make any promises , but right now he 's experimenting with four pieces of armor ( head , chest , hands , legs ) and two slots for weapons , one exchangeable for a shield or a secondary , off-hand weapon – the gauntlet .
The off-hand weapon will allow players to fight not only in melee , but also from the distance . Players will be able to find some varieties of magical gauntlets , allowing them to cause dfferent kinds of attacks – some will look as if they were throwing grenade-like projectiles , some will remind crossbows in the way they attack . They 're not going to be as overpowered as magic , but certainly will help in weakening enemies before the normal fight and since gauntlets will be craftable , they might be very , very creative . Because crafting in Lords of the Fallen is something really interesting .
The basis is simple : sometimes you will find armor and weapons with slots , and you 'll be able to put runes in the slots . It 's like Diablo , but better , because even the runic words composed of runes put in whole sets of armor and weapons wo n't be just adding “ +2 to fire damage ” , but things much more suitable to this kind of gameplay . Gop does n't want to spoil anything and talk about details but he told me to imagine things like , “ you 'll get +25 % chance that once hit , your enemy will turn around and give you a chance to perform a backstab ” .
And that 's not all . We do n't know much , but whole world of Lords of the Fallen will be tightly bound with runes in certain ways . Before we hear something about the story of Harkyn and get an answer as to why he 's got runes on his face , we would have to speculate . Gop told me , though , that gameplay-wise there will be an element of gambling present in the usage of runes : you might find one , shining red and beautiful , and you wo n't know what it will give you . You will have to get back to someone and “ identify ” it… but at the same time , you 'll be standing near huge doors with a lock shining with the same color as the rune you 've got . It 's either-or situation – what will you get if you decide to open the gates , what will you get if you forget about them and decide to use the rune on your equipment ?
Ca n't wait !
Lords of the Fallen launches on PC , PS4 and XBO , but we still have no idea when . It 's safe to assume that by the end of 2014 we should be able to see whether Harkyn 's a worthy opponent of the Chosen Undead , but right now it seems that there 's nothing to worry about .
WASHINGTON — When House Democratic leaders hastily called a news conference Wednesday to demonstrate their outrage at President Trump 's latest dramatics , they took great pains to show they were not seeking to railroad him out of the White House .
“ No one ought to , in my view , rush to embrace the most extraordinary remedy that involves the removal of the president from office , ” said Representative Adam B. Schiff of California , the sober-minded senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee . He warned that Democrats should not let their actions “ be perceived as an effort to nullify the election by other means . ”
At that very moment , Representative Al Green , Democrat of Texas , was in the well of the House thundering , “ The president must be impeached ! ”
The barrage of reports about Mr. Trump 's chaotic and controversial administration has helped revive Democrats , raising their hopes that they can ride a Trumpian backlash to great success in next year 's elections . But with the cloud over the White House darkening each day , liberal activists are courting a backlash of their own as they demand of their lawmakers nothing short of driving the president from office by any means necessary .
A teenage boy has been beheaded by ISIS for simply listening to Western music .
Ayham Hussein , 15 , was arrested by militants after allegedly being caught enjoying pop tunes on a portable CD player in the group 's Iraqi capital Mosul .
He was dragged before a Islamist kangaroo court which sentenced him death in a public execution .
A teenage boy has been beheaded by ISIS for listening to Western music ( file picture of different execution )
A spokesman for the Nineveh media centre told ARA News : 'Ayham Hussein was captured by the jihadis while listening to pop music at the grocery store of his father in the Nabi Younis marketplace in western Mosul . '
His body was reportedly handed over to his family on Tuesday .
The execution , believed to be the first for listening to music in the city , has sparked outrage among locals .
The source added : 'There was no formal decision by the sharia court that bans listening to western music . '
Barbaric : A prisoner is held down as an ISIS executioner prepares to behead him with a three-foot sword in the Syrian stronghold of Raqqa in a previous execution
ISIS has imposed its own sickening brand of medieval justice across swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria , executing prisoners for so-called 'crimes ' such as blasphemy and being homosexual .
In a statement two years ago , the terror group also banned 'music and songs in cars , at parties , in shops and in public , as well as photographs of people in shop windows . '
It added : 'Songs and music are forbidden in Islam as they prevent one from the remembrance of God and the Koran and are a temptation and corruption of the heart . '
The Ravens were one of the worst NFL teams in the turnover department last year , and now they have a new way of remedying that : beeping footballs .
In specific ball security drills during mandatory minicamp this week , the team is using special footballs with pressure sensors that beep when a player is gripping them the proper way .
The Ravens also tested the footballs in a team meeting , when running backs coach Thomas Hammock demonstrated the concept with head coach John Harbaugh .
“ He tossed it to me , and I was squeezing it , and the darn thing would n't beep . Would n't beep , ” Harbaugh said . “ I 've been working out . I feel like I 'm pretty strong .
“ Found out later the battery was dead . ”
The Ravens actually secured the ball fairly well last year , losing just seven fumbles , but threw 21 interceptions — tied for third-most in the league .
On the other side of the ball , they tied for 21st in the league with eight fumble recoveries and finished last with just six interceptions .
First-year secondary coach Leslie Frazier — who was the Minnesota Vikings ' head coach for three-plus seasons from 2010 to 2013 — said he has had teams focus as much on creating turnovers on defense , but not on avoiding giveaways on offense .
As a team , the Ravens struggled with both , forcing the third-fewest turnovers ( 14 ) and tying for the eighth-most committed ( 28 ) . While some of the improvement comes from being healthier and being in better situations , Frazier said a greater commitment to the area will help , too .
“ A lot of times , it 's a mindset , getting in the mindset of being able to take the ball away on defense , ” Frazier said . “ But it is something you can work on . ”
jlourim @ baltsun.com
twitter.com/jakelourim
Transcript :
`` Elly Elephant was sick of Henry Hippo . So she sat in her kitchen and tried to envision her dream man . ' I will take this empty basket and put in one avocado for each trait I want in a man . ' So she put in one avocado for sensitivity , and one for handsome , and one for adventurous . 'And I want him to be dependable , ' she said , putting in another avocado . But when she did , out fell adventurous . 'Well , he at least needs to be non-superficial , ' she said , adding another avocado . But out dropped handsome . 'Okay , he ca n't be needy , ' she said , squeezing in another . But out fell sensitive . 'The basket ca n't hold all the avocados , ' Elly cried in despair . ' I 'll simply have to learn to be happy with the few avocados I have . ' Which was none because Henry Hippo turned them into guacamole . '' Goat : Oh , this is an uplifting tale . Rat : `` So remember , people . Be happy with the crappy partner you have . '' Pig : I will strive to be alone forever !
I watched all season 3 in two sustained and rather vulgar gulps , in an exercise otherwise known as bingeing . The madness of this practice—the sheer velocity of it—is enough to addle the brain , devastate the heart , and twist the nervous system into a veritable knot of anxiety . It is a 48-hour coup de foudre and , if you think it is difficult for the viewer to survive this ravishment , imagine what it must be like for those of us who have created it . It is not unlike watching one 's child or one 's lover walk a tight rope without a net , so excruciating is the sense of vulnerability it engenders . I am deeply immersed in the character of Red . My investment in her , on a creative level , is inestimable . And so I scrutinized her , sitting rigidly upright on my cranberry couch , blinds closed against the bright summer 's day , and this is what I learned :
Her hunger for survival is directly connected to her mettle , which could be confused with integrity were it not for the carefully ( if perversely ) skewed calibrations of her moral compass . She needs to reclaim her kitchen , and she will stop at nothing to achieve that goal . We see the needle begin to oscillate when she enters Healy 's office . What is she doing ? We feel that she and Healy have an “ understanding. ” They are far from enemies but neither are they bosom buddies , although she has animatedly and openly defended his virtues , to the chagrin of his petulant and self-consumed “ mail order bride. ” Red has established her willingness to fight for what is decent and , in her mind , unimpeachable . But then our throats tighten as we watch her snuggling up to Healy over a tea tray and we blink in a kind-of disbelief as we begin to form the ( by now ) uncomfortably clear impression that she is flirting with Healy , and that she is using all of her albeit rusty wiles to seduce him . Dear God , we ask ourselves , why ? Then it comes : She wants the kitchen back . Healy recoils , stung , and Red hits him with a truism so old and so quintessentially inarguable that it stuns : A woman 's ability to seduce is the only currency she is left with , when all else fails . It is the only coin she can call her own and , if she must , she will spend it .
The kitchen is Red 's laboratory , her studio , and her nursery . It stands for everything that defines her and it facilitates her modus operandi : Above all else , Red longs to be useful . It is her nature , her instinct , and her prayer . Of course , she has sprung from the clay of that dangerously gifted and unpredictable sculptress Jenji Kohan , and therefore to that clay she may one day return . But before that day comes , I fervently hope that she will continue to tread this crooked , whimsical , brave , and unexpected path to self-fulfillment , because now it is too late for me . I belong to her . Lending , I now know , an entirely new meaning to Russian roulette .
Related Stories
•11 way-too-early predictions for Orange Are the New Black season 4
•Orange Is the New Black : Recaps/rankings of episodes 1-13
The studio , which helped to make Snapmap on Doom , are working with other Zenimax studios .
Zenimax Media have announced that they have acquired Dallas based Escalation Studios .
The Texas studio , which was founded in 2007 , have been working with Zenimax 's studios recently , including helping to make id Software 's Doom .
The studio is now said to be working on a number of projects with `` studios throught the Zenimax family . ''
Escalation are also responsible for Please Do n't Touch Anything on mobile platforms and a VR version for Oculus and Gear VR . They were also responsible for the March Madness basketball VR app for the same platforms .
Todd Vaughn , vice president of development at Bethesda said , “ we have continually been impressed with the team at Escalation that Tom and Marc have assembled . Their commitment to quality and innovation has made significant contributions to the projects we 've worked on together , and we 're excited to have them join ZeniMax . ”
Zenimax currently have one annouced game in development with Arkane 's Prey , and are continuiting to support MMORPG The Elder Scrolls Online . 2016 saw successful releases with Doom , Skyrim Special Edition and Dishonored 2 . So the potential for Escalation 's work with the Zenimax Media group of studios is tantalising , espeially with their experience in VR .
A former Orlando City B soccer player was arrested over the weekend after the Seminole County Sheriff 's Office said he punched a taxi driver in the face over a $ 57 cab fare .
Benjamin David Polk , 25 , is accused of punching the driver repeatedly , knocking out a front tooth and bloodying his mouth , deputies said .
Deputies were called to the 1100 block of Island Shore Lane just after 3 a.m. Saturday . They found the cab driver standing next to his taxi with blood on his face and shirt , authorities said .
The driver told deputies he picked Polk and another man up from downtown Orlando . When they arrived in Lake Mary , the two became angry at the price of the fare . The driver said Polk pummeled him in the face and jaw .
Investigators say a passerby called 911 while the driver was bleeding on the ground .
Polk was arrested on a charge of aggravated battery . He was taken to the Seminole County Jail and released after posting $ 15,000 bail .
Polk , a forward , played eight games for Orlando City B in the second-tier United Soccer League this season . His contract expired Thursday night .
He joined the team ahead of the 2017 season from the Portland Timbers 2 . He was born in Phoenix but grew up in England . Polk played one year of college soccer at Syracuse University before Portland selected him with the 20th overall pick in the 2016 MLS SuperDraft .
Orlando City B 's season ended Thursday night with a 2-0 loss at home to the Tampa Bay Rowdies . Polk subbed for Orlando City player Kevin Alston , who was on loan to Orlando City B , in the 78th minute of that game .
A spokeswoman for the club told the Orlando Sentinel that Polk was no longer a player when he was arrested .
“ Orlando City SC is aware of and will continue to monitor the situation . However , because the incident occurred after Polk 's contract expired on Thursday night following the conclusion of OCB 's season , the Club will not issue any further comment , ” Jackie Maynard , communications manager for the club said in a statement .
miwilliams @ orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5022 ; adelgallo @ orlandosentinel.com
Interactive map : Every homicide in Central Florida »
Image copyright Danielle Aires Image caption Tieta was rescued from an animal fair in Rio de Janeiro
In a ground-breaking project , a Brazilian toucan which lost the upper part of its beak while being trafficked has been fitted with a prosthesis made with a 3D printer .
The female bird , named Tieta , was rescued from a wildlife animal fair in Rio de Janeiro .
It is not clear whether she lost the upper part of her beak after being mistreated by animal smugglers or in a fight with a bigger toucan she was locked up with inside a small box .
The project was co-ordinated by wildlife management group Instituto Vida Livre and involved three Brazilian universities .
Plastic replacement
The prosthetic is made of plastic , covered with nail polish and sealed with a special polymer made from the castor oil plant .
Image copyright Gustavo Cleinman Image caption Researchers used the latest technology to design and produce the prosthesis
Image copyright Gustavo Cleinman Image caption The beak is made of plastic and only weighs 4g
Taciana Sherlock from the Brazilian wildlife control agency Ibama said the toucan was rescued in March , malnourished and missing its beak .
Black-beaked toucans like Tieta , which are native to Rio and not endangered , can cost up to $ 5,000 ( £3,180 ) when sold legally , according to Ms Sherlock .
She says that before the surgery Tieta was using the lower part of the beak to throw food into the air and trying to grab it .
She only succeeded once in every three attempts .
Hungry for maggots
Tieta was fitted with the prosthesis on 27 July .
`` It took her three days to realise she had it again , '' says Instituto Vida Livre Director Roched Seba .
`` We were feeding her fruit and she was ignoring the new beak . But when we gave her live animals , like maggots and cockroaches , she ate normally immediately , '' he explains .
`` I believe she had that kind of food when she was free , before losing the beak . So it activated a core memory , '' he adds .
It took researchers three months to design the beak but it took only two hours for the printer to print it . - the beak weighs approximately 4g and it is 4cm ( 1.6in ) long .
Image copyright Gustavo Cleinman Image caption The prosthesis is 4cm long and replaces the upper part of the beak
Tieta herself only weighs 300g .
Designer Gustavo Cleinman from Rio de Janeiro 's Federal University says the biggest challenge was to create a light and resilient prosthesis .
He used the beak of a dead animal as a model and adapted it to resemble Tieta 's original beak more closely .
Hope for mating
The team was breaking new ground with this project .
Although another group of researchers was creating a prosthetic beak for another injured toucan in São Paulo , the two teams were unaware of each other 's work .
In Costa Rica , a charity has raised $ 10,000 for a prosthesis for a toucan which also lost the upper part of its beak , but the surgery has yet to be performed .
Tieta 's surgery only took 40 minutes to perform but was not without risks , veterinarian Thiago Muniz says .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The toucan lost part of its beak while being trafficked
He explains that the prosthesis will allow her to eat independently and also help her access glands on her body that keep her feathers waterproof .
With the help of the prosthesis , Tieta will also be able to feed any chicks she might have in the future .
But Ms Sherlock says that unfortunately it will not allow her to be released into the wild .
`` She would n't be able to live an independent life , even in captivity , '' she says .
Wildlife control agency Ibama wants to send her to an educational zoo to create awareness about animal trafficking , but they have not yet settled on one .
What is certain is that wherever she is sent she will be joined there by another toucan , which was also rescued from animal traffickers and sent to Ibama .
The male bird also has a problem with his beak .
The researchers hope Tieta and the male toucan will eventually mate . Their chicks would be released into the wild , Ibama says .
Nick Young might have some explaining to do when he touches down in Oakland . It did n't take long for fans to sift through his Twitter account and find tweets from 2016 in which he called out Warriors fans for not knowing anything about basketball .
I hate 2016 GS fans ... They dnt know nothing about basketball — Nick Young ( @ NickSwagyPYoung ) June 11 , 2016
It was n't just this tweet either . Young was awfully upset with the Warriors on June 10 , 2016 .
Keep riding that bandwagon , , bcuz you would no what team I 'm talkin about https : //t.co/g3ehykNnBG — Nick Young ( @ NickSwagyPYoung ) June 11 , 2016
Tweet for the job you want , not the one you have .
It 's understandable if Warriors fans are mad , but to be fair he DID qualify his tweet by saying “ 2016 GS fans. ” A lot changes in a year . Perhaps Young thinks 2017 Warriors fans are completely different people . Maybe they 've learned a lot , or educated themselves . They could have grown as fans and earned Young 's blessing now . You just never know .
( I 'm trying to help you out here , Nick . Just run with it OK ? )
Let this serve as a cautionary tale for any player in any sport : Trash tweeting about another team or fan base is only going to set you up to have to delete your tweets . Life in sports comes at you fast , and you just never know when you 'll be traded or where you might sign next . You do n't NEED to shoot your shot , after all .
Young did talk abut the tweets during his press conference with the Warriors .
Nick Young on his famous `` bandwagon '' tweet about Warrior fans : `` I think my phone was hacked '' — Anthony Slater ( @ anthonyVslater ) July 7 , 2017
Sure , Swaggy . We believe you .
Roswell theory revived by deathbed confession
EXACTLY 60 years ago , a light aircraft was flying over the Cascade Mountains in Washington State , at a height of around 3000m .
Suddenly , a brilliant flash of light illuminated the aircraft .
Visibility was good and as pilot Kenneth Arnold scanned the sky to find the source of the light , he saw a group of nine shiny metallic objects flying information .
He estimated their speed as being around 2600km/h - nearly three times faster than the top speed of any jet aircraft at the time .
Soon , similar reports began to come in from all over America .
This was n't just the world 's first UFO sighting , this was the birth of a phenomenon , one that still exercises an extraordinary fascination .
Military authorities issued a press release , which began : `` The many rumours regarding the flying disc became a reality yesterday when the intelligence officer of the 509th Bomb Group of the Eighth Air Force , Roswell Army Air Field , was fortunate enough to gain possession of a disc . ''
The headlines screamed : `` Flying Disc captured by Air Force '' .
Yet , just 24 hours later , the military changed their story and claimed the object they 'd first thought was a `` flying disc '' was a weather balloon that had crashed on a nearby ranch .
The key witness was Major Jesse Marcel , the intelligence officer who had gone to the ranch to recover the wreckage .
He described the metal as being wafer thin but incredibly tough .
It was as light as balsa wood , but could n't be cut or burned .
These and similar accounts of the incident have largely been dismissed by all except the most dedicated believers .
Astonishing new twist
But last week came an astonishing new twist to the Roswell mystery .
Lieutenant Walter Haut was the public relations officer at the base in 1947 and was the man who issued the original and subsequent press releases after the crash on the orders of the base commander , Colonel William Blanchard .
Haut died last year but left a sworn affidavit to be opened only after his death .
Last week , the text was released and asserts that the weather balloon claim was a cover story and that the real object had been recovered by the military and stored in a hangar .
He described seeing not just the craft , but alien bodies .
He was n't the first Roswell witness to talk about alien bodies .
Local undertaker Glenn Dennis had long claimed that he was contacted by authorities at Roswell shortly after the crash and asked to provide a number of child-sized coffins .
When he arrived at the base , he was apparently told by a nurse ( who later disappeared ) that a UFO had crashed and that small humanoid extraterrestrials had been recovered .
But Haut is the only one of the original participants to claim to have seen alien bodies .
UFO pieces handed around
Haut 's affidavit talks about a high-level meeting he attended with base commander Col William Blanchard and the Commander of the Eighth Army Air Force , General Roger Ramey .
Haut states that at this meeting , pieces of wreckage were handed around for participants to touch , with nobody able to identify the material .
He says the press release was issued because locals were already aware of the crash site , but in fact there had been a second crash site , where more debris from the craft had fallen .
The plan was that an announcement acknowledging the first site , which had been discovered by a farmer , would divert attention from the second and more important location .
The clean-up operation
Haut also spoke about a clean-up operation , where for months afterwards military personnel scoured both crash sites searching for all remaining pieces of debris , removing them and erasing all signs that anything unusual had occurred .
This ties in with claims made by locals that debris collected as souvenirs was seized by the military .
Haut then tells how Colonel Blanchard took him to `` Building 84 '' - one of the hangars at Roswell - and showed him the craft itself .
He describes a metallic egg-shaped object around 3.6m-4.5m in length and around 1.8m wide .
He said he saw no windows , wings , tail , landing gear or any other feature .
Haug 'saw the alien bodies '
He saw two bodies on the floor , partially covered by a tarpaulin .
They are described in his statement as about 1.2m tall , with disproportionately large heads .
Towards the end of the affidavit , Haut concludes : `` I am convinced that what I personally observed was some kind of craft and its crew from outer space '' .
What 's particularly interesting about Walter Haut is that in the many interviews he gave before his death , he played down his role and made no such claims .
Had he been seeking publicity , he would surely have spoken about the craft and the bodies .
Did he fear ridicule , or was the affidavit a sort of deathbed confession from someone who had been part of a cover-up , but who had stayed loyal to the end ?
The US government came under huge pressure on Roswell in the '90s .
In July 1994 , in response to an inquiry from the General Accounting Office , the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force published a report , The Roswell Report : Fact Versus Fiction In The New Mexico Desert .
Weather balloon 'cover story '
The report concluded that the Roswell incident had been attributable to something called Project Mogul , a top secret project using high-altitude balloons to carry sensor equipment into the upper atmosphere , listening forevidence of Soviet nuclear tests .
The statements concerning a crashed weather balloon had been a cover story , they admitted , but not to hide the truth about extraterrestrials .
A second US Air Force report concluded claims bodies were recovered were generated by people having seen crash test dummies that were dropped from the balloons .
Sceptics , of course , will dismiss the testimony left by Haut .
After all , fascinating though it is , it 's just a story . There 's no proof .
But if nothing else , this latest revelation shows that , 60 years on , this mystery endures .
Andrew Puzder , center with President Trump and Vice President Pence , has faced weeks of intense criticism from Democrats and liberal groups over workplace violations at Puzde restaurants , sexually suggestive ads , and his opposition to wage regulations . ( Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post )
Andrew Puzder , the fast-food executive whom President Trump nominated to be labor secretary , emerged Monday as Democrats ' last , the best hope of defeating one of Trump 's Cabinet choices as four key Republicans are on the fence about his nomination .
The unenthusiastic reception from the Republican lawmakers comes after weeks of intense criticism from Democrats and liberal groups over workplace violations at Puzder 's restaurants Hardee 's and Carl 's Jr. , sexually suggestive ads featuring bikini-clad models eating burgers , and his opposition to wage regulations . Puzder has also been accused of domestic abuse — an accusation that was later recanted — and has acknowledged hiring an undocumented worker for his home .
Puzder , 66 , has faced the most early skepticism of any nominee besides Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos , who won confirmation . The Republican senators who were noncommittal about Puzder 's nomination on Monday — Susan Collins ( Maine ) , Johnny Isakson ( Ga. ) , Lisa Murkowski ( Alaska ) and Tim Scott ( S.C. ) — sit on the committee that will hold his confirmation hearing Thursday . If they oppose him , his nomination is all but certainly dead .
Even if Puzder makes it out of committee , his final status may come down to a tiebreaker vote from Vice President Mike Pence similar to what happened last week for Education Secretary Betsy DeVos . It is the latest reminder of the paradox of Trump 's Cabinet nominees — they have struggled for confirmation more than the nominees of any other administration in recent history , but criticism that might have in the past doomed a candidate 's chances may no longer prove decisive .
Some Republicans say they are willing to overlook issues related to undocumented workers or unpaid taxes for the opportunity to have a business-minded leader in the Labor Department . But the racy ads and domestic violence allegations may test some conservatives and women 's groups .
Collins said Monday that she has reviewed footage of an “ Oprah Winfrey Show ” interview with Puzder 's ex-wife , Lisa Fierstein , who once appeared in disguise on the program to discuss the multiple times , she says , that Puzder physically assaulted her in the 1980s . Fierstein retracted the allegations , and he has always denied that he abused her .
“ I 'm going to wait until the issues that have arisen are fully explored at his hearing , ” Collins told reporters . “ I am reviewing the other information that has come to light , and I 'm sure all of this will be explored thoroughly , ” she added , without specifying what information is of concern .
Collins 's revelation that senators have seen footage of Fierstein 's interview with Winfrey is notable , because Democrats and other organizations have been desperately seeking the footage for weeks in hopes of airing it and derailing Puzder 's nomination .
Sen. Lamar Alexander ­ ( R-Tenn. ) , who chairs the health committee , told reporters Monday that he worked with Sen. Patty Murray ( Wash. ) , the committee 's top Democrat , to arrange for senators to view a tape of the episode . Alexander said he has not seen the segment himself but he does plan to vote to approve Puzder 's nomination .
“ His former wife has said it was all not true , ” Alexander said . “ She has reiterated that in a heartfelt letter to members of the committee and has been willing to talk to members of the committee , so I do n't think that 's an issue . ”
Puzder 's personal wealth has also earned scrutiny that has delayed his nomination for several weeks . Federal disclosure forms delivered to the Senate last week show that most of his wealth is tied to CKE Restaurants and that he plans to divest those holdings within six months if he is confirmed to lead the Labor Department .
The White House is standing by Puzder , declaring last week that he would be confirmed . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) told reporters that he is “ enthusiastically ” supporting the nominee .
Some business groups are also joining top Republicans in fighting the criticism by urging senators to back the nomination . A coalition of trade groups , including the International Franchise Association , the National Restaurant Association and the National Retail Federation , sent a letter to senators Monday praising Puzder 's “ business experience and policy acumen. ” Statewide restaurant associations in Maine and Alaska sent separate letters to Collins and Murkowski asking for their support .
If confirmed , Puzder would be the first labor secretary since the Reagan era to come to the role without any public-service experience .
Puzder got his start in the fast-food industry working as a personal attorney for Carl Karcher , the founder of the Carl 's Jr. restaurant chain . He helped Karcher avoid bankruptcy and in 1997 became executive vice president and general counsel for CKE . He then became president and chief executive of CKE in 2000 , and he currently oversees 75,000 workers in 3,750 locations .
Puzder has spent much of his career promoting the idea that businesses thrive better when the government does n't interfere . In interviews , speeches and op-eds , he has long argued that rules substantially increasing the minimum wage or expanding the number of people who qualify for overtime pay , for example , could drive up the cost of labor and decrease the number of jobs .
In an opinion piece for Forbes , he said that the Obama administration 's overtime rule would force employers to cut costs elsewhere and limit some workers ' schedules . During a Business Insider interview last year , Puzder said that because of rising labor costs , he would consider investing in machines to replace some workers , because “ they never take a vacation , they never show up late , there 's never a slip-and-fall , or an age , sex , or race discrimination case . ”
Labor groups and other critics say they are concerned about Puzder 's pure capitalist mind-set , noting that if confirmed , he may end up tilting the scales in favor of corporations .
But George Thompson , a spokesman for Puzder , said that if confirmed , Puzder would recuse himself from any business related to CKE and would remain impartial when it comes to rulemaking and enforcement .
Opponents also cite stories from employees at Hardee 's and Carl 's Jr. who allege they have had to work through breaks , not been paid for sick leave or been harassed on the job .
“ He 's going to be essentially responsible for enforcing the same laws that he 's been breaking for years , ” said Kendall Fells , national organizing director of the Fight for $ 15 , a group advocating for a higher minimum wage that organized lunchtime protests Monday at CKE offices in St. Louis and Anaheim , Calif. , as well as restaurant locations throughout the country .
Women 's groups , such as the National Women 's Law Center , and labor advocates question whether he will defend female workers , citing what they say are demeaning ads that feature models eating burgers in skimpy outfits . Puzder , however , has defended the campaign as “ American ” and characterized it as a strategy for luring “ young , hungry guys . ”
On Tuesday , the Campaign for Accountability , a nonprofit watchdog , will head to a Missouri state court for a status update on its efforts to unseal Puzder 's divorce records , arguing that the domestic violence allegations “ raise serious concerns about his fitness ” to be labor secretary .
Yet some businesses and Republicans say they look forward to having someone in the Labor Department who understands that regulations can force businesses to make tough calls .
“ We do n't want our workers to feel like they 're not being paid a fair wage , but we want people to understand the ramifications of it , ” said Peter Riggs , president of Pita Pit USA , a quick-service sandwich chain with about 600 locations in the United States and Canada . “ He understands what we 're going through . ”
Puzder 's fate will ultimately depend on whether his opponents can sway more than two Senate Republicans to vote against him .
The Republicans hesitating to publicly support him said they will make up their minds after the hearing .
“ No real story here , ” said a spokeswoman for Scott , noting that the senator has n't been commenting on nominees “ until their confirmation hearing , ” with the exception of fellow South Carolina Republicans Nikki Haley , nominated to serve as United Nations ambassador , and Rep. Mick Mulvaney , nominated to lead the Office of Management and Budget .
Consistent with his policy on other nominees , “ Senator Isakson will make a final decision after Mr. Puzder 's confirmation hearing on Thursday , ” a spokeswoman said via email .
Murkowski said she “ will be working to learn more about Mr. Puzder leading up to and during the upcoming hearing , as well as through additional one-on-one conversations with him , ” a spokeswoman said .
Kelsey Snell contributed to this report .
We 're very excited to announce Dragon Front , the first collectible card game ( CCG ) built for VR . Developed by High Voltage and produced by Oculus Studios , Dragon Front combines traditional high fantasy with a dieselpunk aesthetic for a one-of-a-kind experience .
Gameplay
In Dragon Front , players are pitted against each other based on skill level and watch their units come to life on the battlefield as they command the action . There 's also a champion system where each team can summon legendary boss units to the fight and turn the battle in their favor .
With competitive leaderboards , the stakes are high as players try to dominate their friends and others from around the world in virtual face offs .
Players can choose a faction with unique card attributes , gameplay mechanics , and strategies . With 280 characters , 80 different encampments , and more than 100 spells – Dragon Front is as deep as it is replayable .
The CCG genre is one of our favorites . Now the immersive nature of VR makes spells more magical , strikes more visceral , and victories more meaningful .
Look for Dragon Front later this year , only on Oculus .
– The Oculus Team
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Brendan Rodgers has implemented a “ Spanish philosophy ” at Liverpool FC , according to Suso .
The young midfielder explained how he enjoys training under Rodgers at Melwood , and likened his manager to the coaches he works with at international level .
“ I look at him and I see him as similar to a Spanish coach , ” Suso said . “ All the work we do in training is with the ball .
“ Every time he asks us to do something it 's with the ball . He wants us to play with the ball , never play a long ball and for me that 's really good because that 's my philosophy . When I go away with Spain it 's more or less the same .
“ He has done really well since he came here . When he first came he had to change some things and improve the team , which takes a long time , but now we can see all the things he was working with in the past is working now .
“ It 's a Spanish philosophy to play ; you always want the ball , do n't lose it and give it to the opposition . It 's really good for me and the team . ”
Suso , 20 , is yet to feature in Liverpool 's first team this season , having returned to the club following a loan spell at La Liga side Almeria last term . He has made a total of 20 senior appearances for the Reds .
Ad Astra Comix is thrilled to announce the forthcoming release of ‘ War in the Neighborhood ' by Seth Tobocman . Pre-ordering for the graphic novel began August 23 and will continue for one month on the crowdfunding website , Indiegogo
‘ War in the Neighborhood ' , first published in 1999 , tells the story of New York City 's Lower East Side during the late 80s and early 90s , a period of rapid change .
Although gentrification is now unraveling communities from Atlanta to Seattle , what happened in the Lower East Side was one of the earliest modern examples . Artists , people of colour , migrants , radicals , squatters , the homeless and regular working class people all called this crowded area full of abandoned buildings home .
Though no one book could ever hope to tell the entire story , ‘ War in the Neighborhood ' contains a full cast of artists , anarchists , dog-walkers and ex-prisoners as they fight to build a future for themselves before greedy developers literally burn it out from under them .
Modern readers familiar with the history of internet-age social movements like Occupy Wall Street will be surprised how much they recognize in these stories . Gendered violence , police brutality , factional fights and hostile news media all come together to paint a very familiar picture .
Instructive as it is for activists , ‘ War in the Neighborhood ' is above all a feeling , human portrait of life in a troubled time . As neighborhood residents fight the police , the cold and each other to make space for themselves , our own hopes for affordable housing , community , and safe space are reflected on the page . In an era of market crashes and rigged elections , we recognize our own struggle to build something that lasts in a world intent on tearing us down .
I know someone who was kicked out of her family 's home because she was trans . When she was on the streets , she went to the only place she knew would be welcoming to someone like herself : a gay bar . When she got there , a man let her know that she could stay the night at his place… if she agreed to have sex with him . Until that night , she had never had any sexual relationships… exchanging sex for housing would become her first experience .
Unfortunately for her , he did n't tell her that he was HIV+ . Today , she is housed , has a high T-Cell count and an undetectable viral load . She 's housed through a program that is funded to house transgender people – the first one of its kind funded by the federal government .
So , if you did n't catch that number for the chart above , the HIV infection rate among the homeless transgender population is more than TWENTY-TWO percent… 22.11 % ! That 's huge . The HIV infection rate in Sub-Saharan Africa is just 5 % and world-wide , it 's .8 % . However , for homeless transgender people , it 's OVER TWENTY-TWO PERCENT !
When I was advocating for this program that this trans woman is now housed in a few years ago , I remember telling the person writing the grant proposal that they need not fear not having enough people to fill the housing program 's slots . When I wrote the project narrative and stood before the approval body presenting our vision for this housing program , I – unfortunately – had a number of stories to tell them about the horrors of being transgender and homeless . ( Since this post is about HIV , I 'll save the stories of transgender homeless people who suffered bashing , mutilation , rape and murder for another time . )
Currently , this program is full ( over capacity , actually ) and has a waiting list of close to 100 homeless trans people .
I 'm also very happy with the progress we 've made with Covenant House ( a teen homeless provider ) . For years , Covenant House refused to house transgender people .
After some serious targeted and coordinated advocacy , Covenant House is now openly supportive and welcoming of trans kids . Moreover , the Houston GLBT-positive model is being adopted by other Covenant Houses throughout the US , Mexico and Canada !
While we 're making hard-fought progress , many homeless service providers still refuse to house transgender people .
Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) is taking final steps before publishing a new rule that would prohibit trans discrimination at any shelter or provider of housing that received HUD funding . Under current HUD rules , discrimination is permissible .
On November 15 , 2011 U.S. Secretary of HUD Shaun Donovan said an estimated one in five transgender Americans have been refused a home or apartment , and more than one in ten have been evicted because of their gender identity or expression . He went on to say that for the Obama Administration , addressing the trans homelessness issue is “ not as an issue—but as a priority . ”
Living on the street puts transgender folk are greater risk of becoming HIV positive . Being excluded from the social safety net that 's available to everyone else , the beatings , the rape , the survival sex – all these risk factors are focused upon the homeless trans population and the result is an out-of-control epidemic tearing through an incredibly vulnerable population .
Facebook closed the vote on its new data use policy and new statement of rights and responsibilities Friday , with a paltry 342,632 ballots cast as of a minute before closing . The vote needed 270 million participants to be binding , but falling far short of that benchmark , Facebook will use the vote tally in an advisory manner as it mulls a change over its new policies .
Facebook instituted the vote in response to lobbying against the new policies from Europe v. Facebook , a privacy activist group opposed to many of Facebook 's data use policies ( for instance , a lack of transparency in what data Facebook collects , how long it keeps it , and who it shares the data with , and making certain types of collection opt-in rather than opt-out ) . The group pushed its followers to leave enough Facebook comments on the policy change announcement that , by Facebook 's own rules , the change was forced to a vote . Just shy of 300,000 users voted against the policy change , while around 45,000 voted for it .
Facebook made no material effort to make users aware of the vote beyond posting to its Site Governance page , which has been `` liked '' by over 2 million people who may have seen the posts appear in their News Feed . More curiously , Europe v. Facebook made few efforts to promote the vote either beyond logging updates on the tally ; perhaps they knew that getting 270 million people to participate in anything , especially something as dry as a vote on a privacy policy change , would be a pipe dream . In a blog post about the vote , Europe V. Facebook called the vote a `` farce '' ( PDF ) and accused Facebook of having a `` Chinese understanding of democracy . '' Neither Facebook nor Europe v. Facebook responded immediately to requests for comment .
The way the vote played out feeds into skepticism about the seriousness with which Facebook approached the vote . While Facebook did n't make its policy changes a secret , it scarcely tried to bring it to users ' attention . The company might have sought to use the vote to prove that few users really do care about privacy , that its loss is worth the exchange for Facebook 's services , or even that users approve of the language and data use changes in the new policy . By obscuring the vote , it only appeased privacy advocates in the most token way possible . Compare and contrast that with Google , which placed a link to its new privacy policy under the search box on its home page , for every user , for a few weeks before the policy went into effect . You can lead the slack-jawed Internet users to the privacy policy , but you ca n't make them read . In Facebook 's case , there was n't even much leading .
National Atmospheric Research Laboratory ( NARL ) , an autonomous research institute of Department of Space is engaged in fundamental and applied research in the field of Atmospheric Sciences . A high power 53 MHz Mesosphere-Stratosphere-Troposphere ( MST ) Radar was established in 1992 as a national facility for atmospheric research . The MST Radar is a state-of-the-art instrument capable of providing estimates of atmospheric parameters with very high resolution on a continuous basis . It is an important research tool in the investigation of prevailing winds , waves ( including gravity waves ) turbulence , and atmospheric stability & other meso-scale phenomena . This radar is the second largest powerful radar in the world ; the largest one is the 50 MHz Jicamarca radar , located in Lima , Peru .
NARL radar consists of 32 vacuum tube based transmitters providing a total peak power of 2.5 MW and a semi active antenna array of 1024 Yagi having apertures of ~1.7x104 m2 and was designed to study winds , waves and turbulence in the troposphere , stratosphere and mesosphere , and plasma irregularities and electrodynamics in the ionosphere . This radar has been extensively used for studying tropical atmospheric dynamics including short and long term wind variabilities with application to satellite launch missions and developing model , understanding plasma irregularities linked with equatorial plasma bubble for satellite-based communication/navigation applications , and understanding convective and precipitation systems .
An up-gradation project has been taken up to replace the tube based transmitters and semi-active antenna array with 1024 solid-state 1-kW Transmit-Receive ( TR ) modules each feeding one Yagi antenna making the radar system fully active with antenna beam agility covering 360o azimuth , which does not exist in the original system . Most importantly , this will allow conducting multi-receiver experiments for Spaced Antenna and Radar Interferometry/Imaging analysis of atmospheric echoes for in-beam imaging of refractive index field and winds . The up-gradation has been taken up without hampering the routine observational schedule catering to the scientific needs including the radar applications for rocket launch and weather modeling . One of the challenging tasks was to employ highly distributed underground power , RF and optical networks in the antenna array field required for all the 1024 TR modules for various purposes . This task has been completed successfully without affecting the important observational and maintenance schedules of the existing system .
The Figure shows the antenna field after execution of the underground networks and an on-field housing of four-TR modules for a 2x2 sub-array ( inset ) . All TR modules along with other subsystems are expected to be fully integrated by the end of December 2015 for an overall test and evaluation .
With this upgradation , MST radar will become one of the powerful and versatile atmospheric radars in the world , which will offer opportunities for scientists from both home and abroad to conduct frontline research in atmospheric sciences .
After Mike Nugent missed an extra point and field goal in the Bengals ' win over the Browns in Cleveland , a former player has a suggestion for the team .
Terrell Owens , who ended his career , with Chad Johnson , in Cincinnati , thinks the Bengals might want to re-sign his former teammate to finish out the season as the team 's kicker .
“ Might wan na think about re-signing Ochocinco , ” Owens Tweeted during the game .
Ochocinco has also suggested , though , jokingly , that the Bengals should sign him at kicker . The former Bengals wide receiver did complete an extra point back in the 2009 preseason .
I 'm available & enjoy pressure situations ... pic.twitter.com/BhdXCpnWw9 — Chad Johnson ( @ ochocinco ) November 20 , 2016
Nugent 's missed extra point in the first quarter was n't his fault , as Kevin Huber had placed the ball flat on the turf , but , Nugent 's missed 36-yard field goal was on him .
With three games left this season and the Bengals ' playoff hopes essentially dead , the Bengals would be wise to bring in a new kicker this week . There 's really no reason not to .
If Clark Harris is healthy enough to play next week , maybe the Bengals can waive backup long snapper Tyler Ott and just keep two kickers on the roster , if they do n't want to part ways with Nugent .
Either way , Nugent , at a maximum , has three games left in Bengals stripes .
In May , DC Comics took had 36.72 % of the sales numbers of and 32.73 % of the dollars spent on comics through Diamond in North America .
While Marvel had 38.64 % of the sales numbers of and 35.32 % of the dollars spent .
In June… it 's a little closer .
DC Comics have taken 38.23 % of the sales numbers of and 33.03 % of the dollars spent while Marvel have 37.82 % of the sales numbers and 33.77 % of the dollars spent .
Which means DC have taken the two point lead Marvel had over the number of comics sold , now ahead by a half point of their own . And in dollars spent , DC have closed Marvel 's two-and-a-half point lead to three-quarters of a point .
A considerable amount of this may be due to Before Watchmen , as DC put four issue into the top ten , though Marvel take the top two with Avengers Vs X-Men , followed by DC 's Batman and Justice League . Surprisingly the Peter Parker/Miles Morales meet up , Spider-Men # 1 , only gets 9th place , followed by AVX # 3 .
This may alkso be the first time Diamond has had four mature readers comics in its top ten , …
Image Comics have also built on their increasing share price , now taking 7.36 % of dollars spent and 6.45 % of comics sold .
We can also still see an increase year on year , from June last year , full of Flashpoint and Fear Itself . And while it 's a drop on May , that may be because May was a five week month and June was four weeks…
PUBLISHER MARKET SHARES
RETAIL MARKET SHARE PUBLISHER SHARE MARVEL COMICS 33.77 % DC ENTERTAINMENT 33.03 % IMAGE COMICS 7.36 % IDW PUBLISHING 6.22 % DARK HORSE COMICS 4.51 % DYNAMITE ENTERTAINMENT 2.82 % BOOM ! STUDIOS 1.25 % EAGLEMOSS PUBLICATIONS LTD 1.21 % AVATAR PRESS INC 0.84 % TOP SHELF PRODUCTIONS 0.83 % OTHER NON-TOP 10 8.16 % UNIT MARKET SHARE PUBLISHER SHARE DC ENTERTAINMENT 38.23 % MARVEL COMICS 37.82 % IMAGE COMICS 6.45 % IDW PUBLISHING 4.16 % DARK HORSE COMICS 3.49 % DYNAMITE ENTERTAINMENT 2.35 % BOOM ! STUDIOS 1.49 % AVATAR PRESS INC 0.87 % VALIANT ENTERTAINMENT LLC 0.70 % ARCHIE COMIC PUBLICATIONS 0.52 % OTHER NON-TOP 10 3.91 %
COMPARATIVE SALES STATISTICS
DOLLARS UNITS JUNE 2012 VS. MAY 2012 COMICS -6.28 % -6.50 % GRAPHIC NOVELS -15.42 % -14.72 % TOTAL COMICS/GN -9.35 % -7.16 % JUNE 2012 VS. JUNE 2011 COMICS 14.97 % 12.14 % GRAPHIC NOVELS 2.51 % -3.66 % TOTAL COMICS/GN 10.74 % 10.79 % YEAR-TO-DATE 2012 VS. YEAR-TO-DATE 2011
( FIRST HALF 2012 VS. FIRST HALF 2011 ) COMICS 20.47 % 19.21 % GRAPHIC NOVELS 13.49 % 9.53 % TOTAL COMICS/GN 18.16 % 18.40 % SECOND QUARTER 2012 VS. FIRST QUARTER 2012 COMICS 16.79 % 14.86 % GRAPHIC NOVELS 23.81 % 18.98 % TOTAL COMICS/GN 18.97 % 15.18 % SECOND QUARTER 2012 VS. SECOND QUARTER 2011 COMICS 15.81 % 23.34 % GRAPHIC NOVELS 23.33 % 11.53 % TOTAL COMICS/GN 18.14 % 22.33 %
TOP 10 COMICS
RANK DESCRIPTION PRICE VENDOR 1 AVENGERS VS. X-MEN # 6 $ 3.99 MAR 2 AVENGERS VS. X-MEN # 5 $ 3.99 MAR 3 BATMAN # 10 $ 3.99 DC 4 JUSTICE LEAGUE # 10 $ 3.99 DC 5 BEFORE WATCHMEN : MINUTEMEN # 1 ( MR ) $ 3.99 DC 6 BEFORE WATCHMEN : COMEDIAN # 1 ( MR ) $ 3.99 DC 7 BEFORE WATCHMEN : SILK SPECTRE # 1 ( MR ) $ 3.99 DC 8 BEFORE WATCHMEN : NITE OWL # 1 ( MR ) $ 3.99 DC 9 SPIDER-MEN # 1 $ 3.99 MAR 10 AVX VS # 3 $ 3.99 MAR
TOP 10 GRAPHIC NOVELS & TRADE PAPERBACKS
RANK DESCRIPTION PRICE VENDOR 1 THE WALKING DEAD VOLUME 16 : A LARGER WORLD TP ( MR ) $ 14.99 IMA 2 LEAGUE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENTLEMEN III : CENTURY # 3 : 2009 ( MR ) $ 9.95 TOP 3 WATCHMEN TP $ 19.99 DC 4 THE BOYS VOLUME 11 : OVER THE HILL WITH THE SWORDS OF A THOUSAND MEN TP $ 19.99 DE 5 BATMAN : DETECTIVE COMICS VOLUME 1 : FACES OF DEATH HC $ 22.99 DC 6 FATALE VOLUME 1 : DEATH CHASES ME TP ( MR ) $ 14.99 IMA 7 BATWOMAN VOLUME 1 : HYDROLOGY HC $ 22.99 DC 8 THE WALKING DEAD VOL . 1 : DAYS GONE BYE TP $ 9.99 IMA 9 DMZ VOLUME 12 : THE FIVE NATIONS OF NEW YORK TP ( MR ) $ 14.99 DC 10 MORNING GLORIES VOLUME 3 : P.E . TP $ 14.99 IMA
Unit Market Share– June 2012
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool . Father of two . Comic book clairvoyant . Political cartoonist .
( Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Lewes Fire Department rescued Buddy , a dog who is blind and deaf , from Red Mill Pond , Jan. 9 . Capt . Trevor Feist and Teri Willey used the fire department boat to slide across 3-inch thick ice to retrieve the dog , who had been missing since 4:30 a.m. Lewes Fire Department member Dennis Dean said the department has done about three similar rescues in the past .
Sweet Briar resident Gloria Mooney was in despair when she could n't find her elderly dog after his early morning step outside . “ He must have gotten spooked by something because he never leaves the yard , ” she said . She had been following his paw prints trying to locate him all morning .
Once the boat was on the scene about 10 a.m. , the rescue took about 10 minutes . After a little bit of snapping at his rescuers , the dog was lifted into the boat . Wrapped in towels and placed in a warm vehicle , Buddy was soon reunited with his owner .
Reader Kristie McWilliams reports that lucky for Buddy , his plight was called in by her uncle , Randy McWilliams , who lives near Red Mill Pond .
Editor 's note : This story has been updated with information provided by Kristie McWilliams .
Timothy James McGowan of Mill Valley picked up three DUIs in three days in three cities , authorities say .
On May 18 , McGowan , 50 , tried to enter a closed bank and drove off while drunk in San Rafael , police say .
On May 19 , he was arrested for drunken driving in San Francisco .
On May 20 , he got busted in Novato after he was spotted staggering near his Volkswagen Beetle , asking a woman for a ride to Burger King and then getting into his car and making a wide right turn in front of police , authorities say .
A blood test showed that his blood-alcohol level in the Novato incident was more than 0.15 percent , nearly twice the legal limit of 0.08 percent , said Deputy District Attorney Kevin O'Hara .
On Friday , McGowan pleaded not guilty in the Marin County cases . He is being held in lieu of $ 50,000 bail . If convicted , McGowan could face two years in jail .
McGowan has previous convictions for DUI , petty theft , resisting arrest and drug possession . He was also arrested four times on suspicion of public intoxication in Mill Valley from January to April .
A Minnesota film festival is being accused of pushing a political agenda by yanking a pro-fracking documentary from its lineup while keeping two anti-fracking films on the program .
Organizers of the Frozen River Film Festival in Winona , Minn. , decided last week to cut “ FrackNation , ” a widely discussed 2013 documentary about hydraulic fracturing , reportedly citing concerns about the film 's financial links to the oil and gas industry and the filmmakers ' inability to attend the screening .
The decision represents the first time the festival has pulled a film in its nine-year history . Instead , the festival plans to fill Sunday 's slot with a forum discussion , “ Documentaries Today : My Fact Your Fiction ? ”
Filmmaker Phelim McAleer , who produced the “ FrackNation ” with Ann McIlhenney , said he was n't buying the festival organizers ' explanation .
“ It 's a cover story , ” said Mr. McAleer . “ They 're under pressure from environmental elites not to show this film . ”
He noted that while “ FrackNation ” was pulled , the festival is still showing “ Gasland2 , ” a follow-up to the intensely anti-fracking 2011 documentary “ Gasland , ” and “ Dear Governor Cuomo , ” a documentary about anti-fracking protests in New York .
SEE ALSO : Park Service pulls objection to fracking ; used op-ed instead of scientific evidence
Held at Winona State University , the festival lists among its public sponsors the Minnesota State Arts Board , which donated $ 22,000 to this year 's event . One of the festival 's private sponsors is Winona-based Severson Oil Co. , a wholesaler and distributor of oil and gas products .
Owner Tom Severson said he was disappointed in the film festival 's decision to nix “ FrackNation , ” and described himself as a supporter of the oil and gas industry as well as hydraulic fracturing .
“ I think we should be fair about it and show both sides , ” said Mr. Severson . “ I 'm really disappointed that something like this could happen . I 'm afraid this will hurt the film festival because people will say it 's not fair , and that will hurt its credibility . ”
Frozen River organizers did not respond to emails from a reporter , but an article in the Winona ( Minn. ) Daily News said festival officials had concerns over “ whether the filmmakers have ties to the fracking industry . ”
The Daily News also quoted from a Frozen River statement saying that organizers relied on the guidance of Mountainfilm in Telluride , Colo. , and the Sundance Film Festival in Utah , which have not screened “ FrackNation . ”
“ We value the advice and assistance that comes from [ Mountain Film ] , ” said the statement . “ We will continue to conduct our festival with that kind of example in mind . The festival sponsors and supporters deserve nothing less than our best efforts . ”
But Henry Lystad , director of Mountainfilm on Tour , said his organization had no role in Frozen River 's decision .
“ After polling our entire staff , I can tell you that we know absolutely nothing about this , ” Mr. Lystad said in an email . “ ‘ FrackNation ' is not one of the films that we were supplying Frozen River this year , but regardless , we did not make any suggestions to them about not playing the film . ”
The “ FrackNation ” filmmakers have emphasized repeatedly that they received no funding from oil and gas interests . The documentary was funded by more than $ 212,000 in donations collected online at the website Kickstarter , and all 3,305 individuals who donated received credit at the end of the film as executive producers .
Frozen River Chairman Mike Kennedy told the Daily News that the festival “ does n't want to be a censor . ”
“ We really had to search our soul , ” he said .
At the same time , he questioned the motives of the film 's supporters , saying , “ Mostly local industry people who were interested in making money on the fracking business were wanting to show [ ‘ FrackNation ' ] . ”
An email from Frozen River festival director Crystal Hegge said the film was being pulled because the filmmakers would be absent at the screening . Mr. McAleer said their attendance had never been raised previously as a condition .
“ FrackNation , ” described in a New York Times review as “ methodically researched and provocative , ” has been screened at more than a dozen film festivals in the United States and abroad .
“ Basically the Frozen River Film Festival organizers have given in to bullying and taken the easy way out and censored a film that might offend environmental elites who think they know best , ” Mr. McAleer said in a statement . “ These people are cultural censors and do n't want the truth about fracking to be shown to audiences . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
It was a moment that forever changed the course of WWE history , as well as the careers of the three Superstars involved . What really happened on that fateful day when Seth Rollins turned against Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose , effectively ending The Shield ?
The Architect destroys what he helped build by ambushing his `` brothers , '' Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose .
Available tomorrow , BOOM ! Studios are bringing WWE back to comics and telling the untold story of what led to The Architect 's ultimate betrayal in `` WWE : Then . Now . Forever . '' # 1 . The story – written by Dennis Hopeless , with art by Dan Mora and colors by Doug Garbark – not only relives the exact moment of The Shield 's dissolution , it provides insight into Rollins ' motivations and shows the bond among The Hounds of Justice as they battle The Wyatt Family .
BOOM ! Studio has provided WWE.com with this exclusive preview of an action-packed Yacht Club brawl between The Shield and The Wyatt Family .
Check back tomorrow for an exclusive look at the Sasha Banks back-up story written and illustrated by Rob Schamberger .
To find a comic shop near you , visit comicshoplocator.com
January 19 , 2010 12:00 PM |
[ In the latest of an occasional series of demoscene-related posts on GameSetWatch before , AteBit 's Paul 'EvilPaul ' Grenfell presents a multi-part retrospective on 2009 's best demos - starting out with the top ten real-time PC demos of the year . ]
Over the next few weeks I 'm going to be taking a look back at what the still vibrant demoscene gave us in 2009 . I 've searched through the hundreds of productions relased last year and rounded up my favourites into six categories : Demo , 64k , 4k , Oldschool , Wild and Console .
As Wikipedia notes of the history of the demo , these are `` non-interactive audio-visual presentations that run in real-time ... The main goal of a demo is to show off programming , artistic , and musical skills . ''
Everything you see in these charts ( apart from a few of the Wild entries ) runs in real-time on a computer - do n't forget this when you watch the video captures . In fact , for the true experience you should definitely download the executable versions and run them on your own hardware .
Also , whilst you may have seen some of these works on the pages of GameSetWatch before , I hope there 'll be something here to surprise all but the keenest followers of the demoscene . And we 're starting with 'Top 10 demos ' . Almost any demoscene productions could be called a `` demo '' , but this term is often reserved for larger works - smaller demos ( such as those written to fit inside a 64k executable file ) are usually called `` intros '' .
In this first chart , I 've limited myself to demos that run on a PC . This section of the demoscene is usually considered to be the most prestigious , with the various parties and competitions being dominated by the best groups who utilise the finest art , technology , music and direction to produce works that are bound by very few limits - as long as it runs in real-time , it 's in . Here we go :
1st : Frameranger by Fairlight & Orange & Carillon & Cyberiad
The technical powerhouse demo of the year with a blistering soundtrack to match . Fairlight gave us a demo in two halves here : a story driven opening , and then , just in case you missed the incredible effects , a second half harking back to the old-school tradition of simply showing off your tech .
2nd : Rupture by ASD
A high octane escape run from a dystopian world , rendered in a beautiful post-Tron style .
3rd : The golden path by United Force & Digital Dynamite
This demo may be heavily influenced by the video for Cassius ' `` The Sound of violence '' but it 's still an entertaining and well-rendered journey .
4th : Chameleon by ASD
If ASD 's previous entry in this chart was an action scene from a Bond movie , then this is the title sequence . Great direction and camerawork seal the deal again .
5th : Syntax Party 2009 Invite by Disaster Area
Another epic journey . This time we see a demoscener hurridly finishing his demo and then rushing to present it at Syntax Party 2009 . And it 's all rendered in a wonderful lo-res style .
6th : Assembly 2009 Invitation by Andromeda & Excess & Nooon
Back to a much more modern rendering style for another demoparty invitation , this time for Assembly 2009 .
7th : Blunderbuss by Fairlight
Almost the complete opposite of Frameranger , Fairlight 's second entry in this chart is beautifully understated - the tech behind it is no less advanced though .
8th : Everything is Under Control - The Breakpoint 2009 Invitation by MFX
Yet more invites ! This time MFX try to tempt us to visit Breakpoint 2009 . The party almost did n't take place this year , after the main sponsor pulled out for economic reasons . Thanks to the donations of sceners themselves and the hard work undertaken by the Breakpoint organising team to cut budgets and find new sponsors , the party still went ahead .
9th : Ballad of a Cluster Bomb - Director 's Cut by Kooma
Originally released at Breakpoint back in April and placing 14th in the demo competition there , Ballad of a Culster Bomb did n't exactly catch many people 's imagination . But the director 's cut , released in September , sported a new look that lifted the demo to greater heights .
10th : Extatique by Adinpsz
And finally , an epic psychedelic trip from Adinpsz .
Strong opposition to the use of nuclear reactors has put pressure on scientists to find a replacement for atomic energy . In the past , scientists attempted to harness the energy generated by rush hour traffic , pedaling a bicycle , and many other creative sources . In our never-ending quest for power , a bicycle that charges your smartphone was even developed , allowing consumers to charge their phone while they pedal .
A new innovation in energy generation is here . BioLite Camp Stove is a biomass burning stove that can cook food while charging small electronic devices .
In the digital age , a blazing fire and an iPod seem like an odd couple , but the makers of BioLite originally created their camp stove with a different intention . “ In impoverished countries like Africa , accidental deaths commonly occur from carbon monoxide gas produced while cooking over an open fire , ” explains a BioLite representative . BioLite solves this problem by utilizing a built-in fan which circulates air , reducing smoke by 95 % and nearly eliminating black carbon . This creates a healthier environment for families all over the world . In addition , waste heat is converted into electricity , providing users with enough energy to charge a mobile phone or LED flashlight .
BioLite Stoves allow families in third-world countries to have power and an efficient , safe way to cook and sterilize water . A great concept , but now BioLite is available commercially , allowing campers everywhere to power their cell phones while trying to escape to the great outdoors . Just plug in your smartphone in to the USB port located on the yellow power module of the stove ; 20 minutes of charging provides 60 minutes of talk time .
BioLite 's website claims their stove is a perfect substitute for a real campfire , suggesting campers sit around a BioLite Stove and roast marshmallows . BioLite also points out the stove 's benefit in case of a power outage , allowing you to “ cook and keep electronics charged while power lines are down . ”
It 's amazing that you can power a high-tech piece of equipment by using fire , one of the most primitive tools . For those who grow pale at the sight of a low battery signal , you can purchase BioLite Stoves on their website for US $ 129 . They also ship to over 70 countries , including Japan .
Source : excite , BioLite
Fantasy Premier League Differential Tips For Gameweek 21
Welcome back to another article highlighting Fantasy Premier League Differential Tips for Gameweek 21 . This week Callum Read looks at five differentials ahead of Gameweek 21 .
In Gameweek 20 we saw Wayne Rooney finally end his goal drought with a clever flick , Rooney 's goal and an inspired Anthony Martial performance gave Manchester United all three points against manageress Swansea . Elsewhere Guus Hiddink 's Chelsea picked up three points away from home for the first time since August . Sunderland also grabbed three points after beating relegation rivals Aston Villa 3-1. . We are here to provide you with some differential tips that you could use for your side ( s ) in Gameweek 21 .
Do n't forget to register your weekly team on both MondoGoal and FantasyBet .
Please note , for all FPL tips players must be below 5.0 % ownership to be considered a differential ; and all prices and ownership 's are accurate from the time of writing .
FPL Differential Tips
Andy Carroll ( 6.4m ) vs Bournemouth ( A ) 0.2 % Ownership
An impressive 45-minute spell and a goal against Southampton in GW19 earned the West Ham striker a start against his former club Liverpool in GW20 . Carroll repaid Slaven Bilic 's faith in him and went on to score his second goal in as many games .
With Diafa Sakho out injured till March you would n't be mistaken for assuming that Carroll has displaced Mauro Zarate in the starting XI at least for the short-term future . The return of the wonderful Dimitri Payet should see more crosses delivered to the head of Carroll both this weekend against Bournemouth and in West Ham 's upcoming fixtures .
Kurt Zouma ( 5.4m ) vs West Brom ( H ) 3.9 % Ownership
A few weeks ago you 'd be crazy to consider a Chelsea defender but after back-to-back clean sheets against Manchester United and Crystal Palace ; both of which came away from home your view could slowly be changing . There is a chance Gary Cahill will be back fit when Chelsea welcome West Brom but the form of Zouma makes us believe he is a certainty to start .
Guus Hiddink has come into Chelsea and revitalised the side , they look a more secure defensively but credit has to go to Kurt Zouma who has been faultless in his last two appearances . His pace is certainly a massive advantage to Hiddink , we saw in the win over Crystal Palace how important his speed is as Zouma chased Wilfried Zaha into the box before executing an inch perfect tackle .
The French defender has come agonisingly close to scoring in recent weeks , if he continues to provide a threat in the opposition box the Chelsea youngster may be celebrating more than a clean sheet .
Jermain Defoe ( 5.1m ) vs Swansea ( A ) 2.0 % Ownership
Okay , who else is jumping aboard the bandwagon ? Defoe scored two goals last time out against a poor Aston Villa defence and will be hoping to continue his goal scoring form against Swansea .
Big Sam and Defoe both have plenty of Premier League experience and know what it takes to take home the all important three points . The Sunderland manager has been in management long enough to know when a striker has confidence to play him , and it 's fair to say his brace against Villa will give the English striker bags of it .
MondoGoal Differential Tips
Dusan Tadic ( MondoGoal ; 6.5m ) vs Watford ( H )
Tadic posses all the credentials to be a match winner for Southampton but does n't do it regularly enough . This season the Serbian has four goals and five assists to his name with two of those assists coming in his last three games .
The Watford defence can be stubborn and tough to break down at times , Ronald Koeman knows this and will be looking towards his creative winger to be pulling the strings against the Hornets . He 's has a wonderful delivery the final third and can pick out a clever pass for his striker . Hopefully we can see Tadic recover some form because he is an excellent player on his day .
FantasyBet Differential Tips
Shinji Okazaki ( FantasyBet ; 5.5m ) vs Tottenham ( A )
Jamie Vardy 's injury means Leicester 's Japanese striker will get the chance to impress against Tottenham . The benefit of picking Okazaki in the Daily fame is you do n't have to worry about the long-term effects of brining in the striker and transferring him out two weeks later .
Although Leicester has failed to score in the past two weeks they certainly create chances , Vardy 's absence gives the Leicester man the chance to prove his worth and add to his two Premier League goals this season and at just 5.5m he 's an affordable differential on FantasyBet .
Thanks for reading our Differential Tips for Gameweek 21 . Why not check out our Captain Tips and Clean Sheet Advice .
Play
The United Kingdom 's Conservative Party has released a campaign song in Hindi in a bid to entice the nearly 1.6 million desi voters in the country . The song , titled Theresa Ke Saath – a reference to the current prime minister Theresa May – was released in advance of the general elections scheduled for June 8 . It 's been made by Ranjit S Baxi , co-chair of the Conservative Friends of India .
In the song , which has visuals of British PM Theresa May visiting the Amar Jawan Jyoti in India , meeting Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi , and being garlanded – among other scenes intended to appeal to the Indian-origin demographic – voters are repeatedly told why the Tories are the way to go for the diaspora .
The song 's chorus says , “ Theresa May ka saath nibhana , Conservative ko hai jitana , Paanch sal Theresa May ke saath , yahi hai vatan ki shaan. ” ( Support Theresa May , let 's make the Conservatives win . Five year with Theresa May is the nation 's glory ) .
A campaign song in Hindi seems to have become a ritual for British politicians ever since former PM David Cameron had unveiled the equally catchy Neela Hai Aasman ( Blue Sky ) , in 2015 .
VICTORIA , B.C . - Andrew Weaver , leader of the B.C . Green Party , introduced a Private Member 's Bill that would increase the ability of British Columbians to access public lands . Weaver first introduced the bill , the Right to Roam Act , 2017 , in February 2017 under the previous B.C . Liberal government .
“ The ability to access and experience nature is a right for all British Columbians , and we must protect it , ” said Weaver .
“ Spending time outside is vital to our wellbeing , as well as the protection of our environment . The more time people spend in their local ecosystem , the more they will care about protecting it .
“ Increasingly , however , British Columbians are finding themselves fenced out of wild areas that have been enjoyed by the public for generations . Fences , gates and signs are blocking people from accessing crown land .
“ Since the introduction of this bill for the first time last year , my office has received an endless stream of emails and phone calls from British Columbians who are struggling with this issue in their communities . It is clear that the right to access wilderness , especially on leased crown land , is a debate we need to have in B.C . ”
This Bill , which is built on a combination of B.C . 's existing Hunting and Fishing Heritage Act and Nova Scotia 's Angling Act , would re-establish the rights of British Columbians to access public lands , rivers , streams , and lakes , and to use these spaces to fish , hike and enjoy outdoor recreation in accordance with the law . ”
-30-
Media contact
Jillian Oliver , Press Secretary
+1 778-650-0597 | newsroom @ bcgreens.ca
| By
We 're nearly through the first month of 2014 , but most of us will continue to write “ 2013 ” on our bank slips well into late March , amirite ? ! We might as well just get used to filling out 2 bank slips for the first fiscal quarter of the year , let 's be honest here . Something I have no problem getting used to , however , is all the new metal January has provided us with !
While everything else in the world takes it sweet ass time picking up the pace into the New Year , heavy metal has begun 2014 with a nice handful of quality-ass music for our listening pleasure . Here are a few noteworthy releases I suggest you give a listen . There 's something for everyone ! Kids ! Grandma ! The weird relative you only know as “ Uncle Touchy ” ! Take a gander after the jump .
Warfather – Orchestrating the Apocalypse
Steve Tucker 's ( former Morbid Angel vocalist and bassist ) new band Warfather is a saucy death metal outfit complete with , what seems like a warning message to mankind : some global shit is about to hit the fan , realize your true potential before it 's too late . Or something like that . I have a strong feeling Tucker could probably qualify to be on an episode of “ Doomsday Preppers ” . But hey , that 's just me .
Alcest – Shelter
French shoegaze duo Alcest is back in 2014 with a slightly different feel , but not so much so that their sound is unrecognizable ; its quite the contrary , actually . Shelter is definitely mellower than previous offerings , yet still caresses the ears with the grace of a ballet dancer . Honestly , I would n't really label this as “ metal ” , but it 's still safe to say that there are still some metal roots at its core ; At least enough to give it a listen if you feel like mellowing out to some beautifully written tracks . College students : this is an album you can throw on while doing homework that wo n't distract the living shit out of you . Praise jeebus .
The Vintage Caravan – Voyage
Hold on to your pants , hippies . If you 're craving some quality 70 's bluesy soul rock that 's straight outta 2014 , then look no further than the newest release from the Icelandic trio . If you are a fan of bands like Clutch , Gypsyhawk and anything from the Yacht Rock era , you 're most likely going to dig much of what The Vintage Caravan has to offer . I 'm not sure how old the band members are , but judging by the press photo , I would guess fresh out of high school ( or whatever they call it in Iceland…Gymnasium or some shit ? Whatev 's man , its fucking high school to me . ‘ Murica ) . Regardless of the amount of pubes they may or may not have , they clearly know how the play their instruments and write some killer rock riffs to boot . Iceland is where its at , yo .
Any new releases your digging this early into the year ? Let me know in the comments !
-AG
After the A 's traded Sonny Gray on Monday , I saw a lot of people declaring that the A 's are just doing the same old thing for the same old cheapskate reasons blah blah blah . That 's an easy thing to think if you 're just looking at the surface of things , but if you dig deeper and study it , you find it 's a bit more complex than that .
One of the themes I addressed in the A 's team essay I wrote for the 2014 Baseball Prospectus Annual was that whenever you see the A 's changing their behavior , you should look at whether there have been any changes in the rules of the game ( on the field and ESPECIALLY off ) that motivates that change in behavior . Because the A 's have been a poorly financed club from their very founding , all of the major innovations in baseball have had a bigger effect on the A 's than any other team .
The successes and failures that the A 's franchise has had over the years have largely depended on whether the A 's have been ahead of these changes or behind . There 's really only been one major innovation in the sport where the A 's were n't either way ahead or way behind the curve on a major change : the breaking of the color line in the 40s and 50s , where the A 's were somewhat in the middle of the pack amongst teams that integrated .
The first major shock to the sport happened in 1914 , when a new league , the Federal League , challenged the American and National Leagues . The Federal League did not adhere to the reserve clause which limited player movement and kept salaries down . This hit the A 's harder than most other teams for these reasons :
The 's were more poorly financed than other teams . They were not owned by wealthy industrialists , but by people who were baseball industry lifers , including manager and part-owner Connie Mack . As such , they could not absorb financial shocks very easily . The 's were the best team in baseball , winning four of five AL pennants between 1910 and 1914 , with three World Series wins . The 's had better players who could be lured to the Federal League with market-value salaries . The 's could no longer afford to keep their team together . Some were traded and some jumped to the other league Much of their talent pipeline ran through the minor league Baltimore Orioles , which Mack was also a part-owner of . A new Federal League team in Baltimore , the Terrapins , drastically hurt Orioles attendance and revenues . The Orioles were forced to move to Richmond , VA , and to sell their players to other major league teams other than the now financially-strapped A 's . This sell-off included the sale to the Boston Red Sox of one promising young pitcher named Babe Ruth . It is likely that if the Federal League had not come along , Ruth would have ended up on the A 's . The Baltimore Federal League team even hurt the A 's 100 years later , when the city of San Jose sued MLB to let them move to their city . San Jose lost that case , because of the anti-trust exemption the MLB was awarded when the Baltimore Terrapins sued MLB for the deal which disbanded the Federal League and left the Terrapins without a league to play in . The Supreme Court ruled against the Terrapins , and that same ruling was applied to San Jose .
So the A 's 1910-1914 dynasty broke up , and the A 's were a bad team for over a decade . Connie Mack assembled another juggernaut at the end of the 1920s , though , winning three straight pennants from 1929-31 , and two World Series . But the Great Depression hit the A 's revenues hard , and Mack was forced to disband his dynasty again because of external economic forces .
Around that time , the A 's completely missed on another innovation that revolutionized baseball : the farm system . Connie Mack simply did not believe in it . The 's were by far the last team to develop a farm system , and the lack of a quality system to sign and develop players through kept the A 's among the worst teams in baseball for over three decades .
The 's dynasty in the 1970s was primarily a function of owner Charlie Finley beating the other teams to another innovation , the amateur draft . Finley went out the year before the draft was set to begin and spent a record amount of money on amateur players before they could be subject to the draft the following year . From this haul , he got a nucleus of players that formed that dynasty : Catfish Hunter , Rollie Fingers , Blue Moon Odom , and Joe Rudi .
In the 1970s , Finley tried again to ahead of the next big change to baseball 's rules : free agency . He traded Reggie Jackson and Ken Holtzman . Then tried to sell off Fingers , Rudi and Vida Blue before their free agency , but commissioner Bowie Kuhn rejected the deals in the “ best interests of baseball. ” The next year , the arbitration system was agreed to in the collective bargaining agreement , but it was too late for Finley . This system placed value in minor leaguers because they were controllable for six years . Had he known that was coming , Finley might have tried to trade off his assets for younger players . Of the core players of his dynasty , only Vida Blue was traded for a haul of young assets . The rest left via free agency , and the team once again fell to the basement of the league .
One could argue that part of the A 's success in the late 80s/early 90s was because the A 's beat the competition to the innovation of steroid use , but I 'm ( Canseco cough cough ) not going to go there .
Since then , the A 's fortunes have primarily been shaped by two major innovations , one of which the A 's hit and the other of which they completely missed .
The missed one : the construction of Mount Davis to lure the Oakland Raiders back to the Coliseum . It was a disaster for the A 's , especially since it happened just as the retro-ballpark innovation began . Suddenly , the Coliseum became a much inferior product compared to other ballparks around the league . And when AT & T Park opened across the bay , it became obviously inferior to another ballpark in the same market . This had a huge effect on the team 's revenues relative to other teams in baseball .
The hit : the A 's were ahead of every other team on the statistical analysis innovation . Of course , you know all about Moneyball by now .
* * *
The point of this history lesson is this : innovations and rule changes matter . If you do n't adjust your behavior quickly in response to these innovations and rule changes , you can find yourselves decades behind the competition .
So if you 're going to write about what a team is doing ( especially if you are getting paid to do so ) , it would help if you had a good grasp on the rules of the game that the team is playing . And if a team changes its behavior , look if there are any underlying innovations or rule changes that may be motivating this change .
So here 's the frustrating thing to me about this Sonny Gray trade : I read a bunch of analysis of the trade , and some of it said it was “ same old ” , some of it mentioned trying to align the team 's age with the possible opening of a new ballpark , but I did not once read anywhere ( maybe it existed but I did n't see it ) any mention of a BIG GIANT RULE CHANGE that affected the A 's and ONLY THE 'S .
Here 's the rule change in question : in the latest collective bargaining agreement , the A 's portion of revenue sharing from the league is phasing down to 0 , starting THIS YEAR . This is a rule change that applies ONLY TO THE 'S , and to no other team .
Here 's why : in previous CBAs , teams shared 20-34 % of local revenues with each other equally . In the 2011 , CBA , they decided to only distribute revenue sharing to the smallest 15 markets . But an exception was made for the A 's , because Oakland is actually one of the 15 largest markets . The 2011 CBA lets the A 's to collect revenue sharing as long as they were still in the Coliseum . In the latest CBA in 2016 , they decided to phase this out for the A 's over four years .
The 's were receiving $ 30- $ 35M per year from revenue sharing , according to various sources . Let 's call it $ 32M to make the math easy . That means the A 's revenue sharing income looks like this :
2016 : $ 32M
2017 : $ 24M
2018 : $ 16M
2019 : $ 8M
2020-onward : $ 0
If you take all of this information together , it explains several things about the A 's behavior :
Why , despite their low revenue , they would occasionally sign mid-range free agents like Ben Sheets , Esteban Loaiza and Billy Butler . They were afraid that if they did not spend this money , the other owners would get mad at them for taking revenue sharing without spending it , and take their revenue sharing away from them .
Why they never tried to pull off a full tank-and-rebuild scheme where you let the team be awful for a few years to collect top draft picks . They tried every year , with varying degrees of success , to assemble a roster that had at least some reasonable chance if everything worked out right to make the playoffs . Same reason , really : it would look bad for a big-market team to take revenue sharing and not use it .
Why they suddenly this year decided that they would pick a spot in Oakland and build a stadium . They need to get something built soon , because they do n't have $ 32M in revenue sharing to prop them up .
And finally , why the A 's are finally now saying that they are willing to go through a full tank-and-rebuild process . It 's not simply because they expect a new stadium . It 's also because the motivation they had in the past to avoid the tank-and-rebuild process is no longer applicable because of the new CBA .
So this means that the timing of this mattered to the A 's . Gray will be getting more expensive each year just at the same time as the A 's revenues will be falling . And so the A 's have a huge motivation now to avoid free agents and expensive arbitration eligible players until they can increase their revenues again with a new stadium . And that decreased the A 's leverage in trade negotiations , because keeping Gray would hurt them more than it did before .
So , once again , the A 's sold off a successful player , just as they have had to do many many times in their 116-year history . But it 's lazy to just claim that nothing is different about this one . Yes , it 's a similar outcome , but it has behind it a very different motivation from the previous ones . And is n't that an interesting story to ponder ?
Not to be confused with Mercury ( automobile )
Merkur ( German pronunciation : [ mɛʁˈkuːɐ̯ ] ) , Mercury ) is a defunct automobile brand that was marketed by the Lincoln-Mercury division of Ford Motor Company from 1985 to 1989 . Drawing its name from the German pronunciation of Mercury , Merkur was targeted at buyers of European executive cars in North America .
As a sub-brand of Lincoln-Mercury , Merkur sold captive imports produced by the German division of Ford of Europe . After five years of sales , the Merkur brand was withdrawn by Ford after the 1989 model year , making it among one of the shortest-lived automotive brands in the modern American automotive industry .
Background [ edit ]
During the early 1980s in the United States and Canada , in the luxury-vehicle segment , buyer preferences ( for various reasons ) began shifting from Cadillac , Chrysler , and Lincoln towards European-produced vehicles from Audi , BMW , Mercedes-Benz , Saab , and Volvo . As a response , the Japanese automotive industry launched luxury-oriented brands developed for North America , with Honda introducing Acura in 1985 ; Nissan and Toyota would later introduce Infiniti and Lexus , respectively .
As a response to European luxury brands and the entry of Japanese-produced vehicles into the luxury segment , Ford created the Merkur brand for the 1985 model year . A sub-brand of Lincoln-Mercury , Merkur would serve a market never before entered by the division . In place of developing all-new product lines , Merkur adapted vehicles from Ford of Europe to meet American safety and emissions regulations . During the 1970s , the Mercury Capri had been imported from West Germany , becoming the most-imported car in the United States ( behind the Volkswagen Beetle ) .
In the 1985 launch of Merkur , approximately 800 Lincoln-Mercury dealers took on the Merkur brand . Advertising and PR materials strongly urged the proper German pronunciation of the brand name ( German for Mercury ) . On Merkur vehicle badges was a script stating : Ford Werke AG-Cologne , West Germany , indicating the car 's place of manufacture ( Cologne Body & Assembly ) .
Models [ edit ]
The Merkur model line consisted of two models : the three-door XR4Ti hatchback and the five-door Scorpio hatchback . North American regulations dictated a number of modifications to the design of the vehicles , which meant that a Merkur could not be identical to a European-market Ford Sierra or Ford Scorpio . To adapt a Merkur for sale in the United States and Canada , 5-mph bumpers were added , FMVSS 108-compliant headlamps , and an instrument panel with non-metric gauges .
XR4Ti [ edit ]
Introduced for 1985 as the introductory Merkur vehicle , the Merkur XR4Ti ( also nicknamed the XR ) is a performance-oriented hatchback . Sized nearly identically to the Ford Mustang hatchback , the XR4Ti was a slightly rebodied version of the Ford Sierra XR4i , the mid-range sporting model of the Sierra . The XR4Ti name was chosen by Merkur as General Motors used the GMC Sierra and the Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera nameplates .
To comply with American emissions regulations , the 148 hp 2.8L V6 of the XR4i was replaced by a 2.3L turbocharged inline-4 . Shared with the Ford Thunderbird Turbo Coupe , Mercury Cougar XR7 , and Ford Mustang SVO , the engine made 145 hp with an automatic transmission ( 175 hp with a manual transmission ) .
The body of the XR4Ti was shared with the Sierra XR4i , differing from the standard Sierra 3-door in its roof profile . In place of the long rear quarter windows of a standard Sierra 3-door , the Merkur is fitted with the C-pillar windows of the 5-door Sierra , with opening rear quarter windows behind the front doors . In line with the XR4i , the Merkur XR4Ti is distinguished by a large biplane rear spoiler ( similar to the Ford Mustang SVO ) .
As a result of the Merkur XR4Ti requiring adaptation for North American sale , final assembly was contracted to specialty manufacturer Karmann in Rheine , West Germany . Prior to the 1988 introduction of the Merkur Scorpio , the XR4Ti was the sole Merkur product line . In early 1989 , the XR4Ti was discontinued .
Scorpio [ edit ]
Introduced in mid-1987 as a 1988 model , the Merkur Scorpio was targeted for the executive sedan segment . Slightly smaller than the Ford Taurus ( though longer in wheelbase ) , the Merkur Scorpio was adapted directly from the Ford Scorpio , the largest car sold by Ford of Europe . Competing against the Acura Legend , Audi 100 , Mercedes-Benz W124 , Saab 9000 , Sterling 827 , and Volvo 740 , in sharp contrast to most of its competitors , the Scorpio was a 5-door hatchback ( a bodystyle otherwise only seen in the Saabs and Sterlings ) . Merkur Scorpios included many standard features and most were sold with the optional Touring Package upgrade . When fully optioned , the original cost of a Merkur Scorpio nearly reached $ 28,500 by 1989 ( equal to $ 57,604 today ) .
In contrast to the XR4Ti , the Merkur Scorpio was built directly on the Ford Cologne assembly line in West Germany , as its body was not changed ( with the exception of 5-mph bumpers and US-market lighting ) . Powertrain modifications were minimal , as the 2.9L V6 was an engine used in North America ( by the Ranger and Bronco II ) . While a 5-speed manual transmission was standard , nearly every example was equipped with a 4-speed automatic transmission .
One of the shortest-lived vehicles ever produced by Ford Motor Company , the Merkur Scorpio was discontinued at the end of the 1989 model year , marking the end of the Merkur brand .
Discontinuation [ edit ]
In the United States and Canada , Merkur was ultimately not considered a success by Ford . Initially projecting 15,000-20,000 yearly sales for Merkur , only 26,000 XR4Tis were sold in 1985 and 1986 combined , with sales dropping nearly 50 % for 1987 . On average , each Lincoln-Mercury dealer sold one to two Merkur vehicles . Several factors led to the slow sales of the Merkur line , including an unfavorable exchange rate between the dollar and the West German Deutsche mark , leading to unstable pricing . By 1989 , the Merkur Scorpio rivaled the Lincoln Town Car in price , despite its strong visual resemblance to the far more affordable Mercury Sable ( both sold on the same showroom floor ) .
At the end of 1989 , the decision to drop the Merkur line was driven by future passive restraint requirements in North America . To bring the XR4Ti and Scorpio into compliance , the model lines would have needed airbag ( s ) or a passive restraint system ( automatic seatbelts ) to do so . As the slow sales of the model line no longer justified the expense of such a redesign ( their European counterparts would not receive airbags until they were replaced in 1994 ) , Ford chose to end the Merkur line , withdrawing the XR4Ti in early 1989 with the Scorpio following at the end of the 1989 model year .
In popular culture [ edit ]
A long-running joke on The Simpsons is that Seymour Skinner drives a Merkur .
Jim Rome 's audio team is nicknamed the `` XR4Ti Crew '' after Rome first new car given to him by his father . The name represents the crew that looked and seemed awesome , but `` completely fell apart and the dashboard lit up like a Christmas tree at 15,001 miles . Right after the warranty expired . '' Rome also mentions that when he would bring the car to the repair shop , the mechanics would laugh at him for buying `` that piece of garbage . ''
An XR4Ti features prominently in the long running webcomic Misfile as the chassis of Ash 's car `` The Monster '' .
References [ edit ]
Last week 's surprise announcement by Entergy that it is closing its Vermont Yankee nuclear generating station was bad news for those who care about clean air and the cost of living . Yankee , with a capacity of 620 megawatts , produces more than 5 billion kilowatt-hours of energy every year . How will Vermont replace that power ? With fossil fuels : some oil , but mostly natural gas . This means that each of the 5.1 billion kWhs currently provided by a zero-carbon energy source will come with at least half a kilogram of carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) . Over a single year , the generators that will replace Yankee 's 5.1 billion kWhs will dump at least 2.8 million tons of CO 2 into the air .
Meredith Angwin , who publishes Yes Vermont Yankee , an excellent , well-written , well-argued , and well-researched blog , noted in a recent article the remarkable fact that the New England electricity system operator will pay US $ 78 million just to make sure that oil-fired capacity is available for winter months when natural gas will all be used for space heating .
Notice the ISO NE has not contracted for wind or solar generation to insure against fuel shortages in winter months . That is because the ISO NE is not staffed with stupid people . It is staffed with smart people who are making sure there is enough fuel to run the electricity grid . Neither wind nor solar can provide such insurance ; they are simply too unreliable .
No , Yankee will be replaced with fossil sources that emit huge amounts of carbon dioxide . That is the only way the New England grid will be able , without Vermont Yankee , to continue to supply enough vital electricity to keep society and the economy moving through the dark winter months .
There is a carbon market in the U.S. northeast , called the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative ( RGGI ) . It was established ostensibly to encourage electric utilities to switch to low-carbon fuels . In reality , it encourages a preferred fossil fuel , natural gas . Regardless . The most recent carbon auction held by RGGI established a carbon price of $ 3.21 per ton . That will not dissuade even oil-fired generation .
Nor will the other highly touted carbon disincentive : time of use retail electricity rates . They are not often viewed as representing a de facto price on carbon , but that is what they are . Electricity , for most customers , is a very demand-inelastic commodity : you need it , all the time . Whatever price is charged , you pretty much have to pay it . And since most people go to work in the morning and come home for dinner in the evening—that is , after all , what makes us , as a collective society , economically productive—it follows that most people will use the most electricity in the morning as they get ready for work and in the evening as they prepare dinner and try to achieve the all-important work-life balance . This means they simply have little choice but to pay the high peak rate , which is there because of expensive fossil-fired , and carbon emitting , peak power providers .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The block on some Reddit pages came about following discussions about ways to cultivate drugs
Russia has blocked access to some parts of social news site Reddit for `` promoting '' use of banned substances .
Several pages on the sites are believed to have been banned over a discussion about how to cultivate hallucinogenic mushrooms .
The Russian media watchdog initially planned to block the entire site if it got no response from Reddit .
Earlier in the week the same agency threatened to ban Reddit for discussions about growing marijuana .
Blogger registry
The block was enacted by Roskomnadzor - Russia 's Federal service for the Supervision of Communications , Information Technology and Mass Media .
It had called for a block on pages posted two years ago about the best way to grow psilocybin mushrooms .
Roskomnadzor maintains the list of all sites banned in Russia and added Reddit to that roster at the behest of the country 's national drug control agency , reported news site Meduza .
The agency also posted information about the block to its own page on Russia 's VKontacte social network .
In that message , it said it had sent information about the ban to `` multiple addresses '' at Reddit but had received no response . It assumed the lack of response came about because the site was understaffed in August as people were on holiday .
However , it said , this was no excuse to `` risk losing its entire audience '' in Russia . It asked anyone with ties to Reddit 's site administrators to let them know about its actions .
In a later message it thanked those that had got in touch with Reddit for their help in ensuiring the pages could no longer be seen in Russia .
Reddit is one of many organisations that Russia has banned or threatened recently . Google , Facebook and Twitter have all received stern reminders from Roskomnadzor about complying with the nation 's laws on handing over data .
Last year , Russia brought in a law that placed restrictions on bloggers and forced those with an audience of more than 3,000 people to register with authorities .
Tesla CEO Elon Musk was already on President Trump 's Strategic and Policy Forum , but the White House announced today that he will also be joining the administration 's new manufacturing council , a private sector group that advises the U.S. secretary of commerce .
Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris was nominated as the head of the council by Trump last month .
He headed a meeting on Monday at the White House . Musk was present along with several other industry leaders who are now also formally joining the manufacturing council . CNBC reports :
The group of business leaders includes Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk and chief executives of large American companies like Ford , Dow Chemical , General Electric , Boeing and Lockheed Martin . Richard Trumka , president of the labor federation AFL-CIO , will also give advice .
As we recently reported , while Musk 's mission to accelerate the advent of renewable energy might seem at odd with Trump 's plan to unlock fossil fuel reserve , but Musk is betting that job creation is more important to the new President than simply satisfying the oil industry . If Trump wants to be the champion of job creation and Tesla shows that renewables create a lot of jobs , then their interests are aligned .
Tesla currently employs over 30,000 people , more than 25,000 of which are in the US . The company wants to add over 3,000 manufacturing jobs at its factory in Fremont , California , 1,000 at its solar panel factory in Buffalo , New York , and over to 6,500 at the Gigafactory in Nevada .
Featured Image : President Donald Trump meets with business leaders including Elon Musk , left , in the Roosevelt Room at the White House in Washington on Jan. 23 , 2017 . Photographer : NICHOLAS KAMM/AFP
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
I have three kids , and I have resigned myself to the fact that they will never be sports fans in the way that I am a sports fan . They 'll never waste time perusing box scores in the newspaper because newspapers are old and dead . They 'll never pledge loyalty to one local team because they have fantasy teams and Red Zone Channel , making many different players and teams appealing to them . And they 'll never be able to watch an entire football game without pausing for an hour to play fucking Minecraft .
This is not me pining for them to be TRUE sports fans ; it 's just me acknowledging that they will be a different breed of sports fans than I am—the kind of fan that I am largely familiar with . Sports are the byproduct of world boredom . They 're what you play and watch because you have lots of free time and you want to do something with it , but not anything taxing or laborious . So you become a Royals fan , only to realize your terrible folly .
Kids today are not subject to anywhere near as much boredom . They have options . Endless options . They have so many options that I resent them for it . When I was a kid I watched Tranzor Z on a scrambled UHF station in Chicago . Not porn , mind you . Just a fucking cartoon . These kids live in the Garden of Eden by comparison .
I have tried to get my children into the NFL , and they tolerate it for minutes or so at a time , but explaining football to a kid is hard and exhausting . Frankly , I 'd rather they just leave the room so I can watch the Vikings lose in peace . There are so many ads that the kids will inevitably whine and demand to watch an episode of Backyardigans during the interstitials . I also tried basketball , but the games were on too late . I took them to a baseball game once and someone left a shit on the back of the toilet in the family restroom at the ballpark . A really big one . Looked like a squirrel . They were scarred for life .
But then came this World Cup , and there was a legitimate breakthrough . I 'm not just saying this because Deadspin is in the clutches of BIG LIBERAL SOCCER or anything : The World Cup , more than any other sporting event , is remarkably effective as a gateway drug for your children to get into sports . Here are a few obvious reasons why .
Advertisement
1 . I do n't have to explain anything . Ball goes in net , good . Ball does n't go in net , bad . Man gets card because he is bad . Easy peasy . Soccer fanboys will spend hours rhapsodizing about the nuances of pass sequences and the 4-1-3-1-1 vs. the 3-1-3-2-1 , but kids give the zero-est of fucks about that . They just wan na know if someone scored—and that , thankfully , is all I need to explain . They will also then root for the team that 's ahead , because children are all shameless frontrunners and are therefore the worst . My son specifically asks me which team is the favorite prior to every match so that he can choose a rooting interest . I may have him deported .
2 . No ads . An ad is an excuse for a child to become distracted with one of the many entertainment options available to them : games , books , gadgets , chocolate , etc . Soccer forces them to keep their eyes on the screen , and this is good ! I am a firm believer that screen time spent on sports is , from a mental-health standpoint , COMPLETELY different from regular screen time . If the kid is watching two hours of some asshole show like Jessie , they 'll become terrible people . But watching Portugal get obliterated with Daddy ? PRECIOUS BONDING MOMENTS .
3 . I can easily sell the product . `` Did you see that ? FLÜRGEN BLÜRGENMÜRGEN ALMOST SCORED JUST THERE ! '' Whenever the kids start tuning out the game , I can just leap to my feet and pretend that half-assed shot from midfield was thissss close to going into the net . THAT WAS REALLY EXCITING , KIDS ! And they buy it ! God , they 're suckers .
Advertisement
4 . It 's on during the day . And right after the end of the school year . Thank fucking God . The timing has been perfect . I need this tournament to be held annually , because summer vacation is the worst . Last night 's U.S. game took place in the witching hours between 6 and 8 . By the time they were finished talking during the entire game—seriously , they never shut up once—they were fast asleep .
5 . It gives me a chance to summarize the history and culture of other countries in five seconds or less . This is the kind of extreme bullshitting that I enjoy most . `` Oh , that 's Argentina in the blue . They have a very problematic political history ! '' Say that to a child ONCE and it becomes gospel to them . It 's an amazing moment . I feel like a god .
Advertisement
6 . The games are extremely short . Listen , no kid today is gon na sit there for four hours watching an American League baseball game unless you work them over like a political prisoner , tying them to the chair and feeding them endless promises in exchange for their loyalty . I do not have to do this with these World Cup games . It 's over and done in a tidy fashion , so that the child can then go do the things he or she really wanted to do in the first place . ( Minecraft . )
7 . You can easily recreate the game in the yard . I bought an official WC ball and now my child can represent the entire country of Chile—which he likes because they won their first game—for hours at a time . This is true of any other sport , but soccer out in the yard LOOKS more like actual soccer than yard baseball or yard football look like their respective sports . Also , stealing the ball from a 5-year-old never stops being fun .
I have groused about overeager soccer fanboys on Twitter in the past just like any other patriotic American , but this is the year I have finally turned . This is the year I have stopped FIGHTING soccer and fallen in line , and I 've genuinely enjoyed it . People talk about sports as a way of connecting with your children , but that 's a romanticized pile of shit . I 'm not looking for a connection . Christ , I 've bonded with these people enough for two lifetimes . No , no , I am looking for a way of destroying boredom , or trying to figure out activities that are as fun for my children as they are for me . And this stupid game—with all of its flopping and bad hair and monumental levels of shoddy officiating—is doing the trick . I have dreams in my head of traveling to distant stadiums wearing dumb scarves and drinking pints with my older kids and hooliganing together and adopting some awful PREMM-EER league , uh , side that will fall apart just as I 'm bandwagoning onto it , and I 'm oddly looking forward to it .
Advertisement
So thank you , FIFA , for bilking taxpayers and building useless Amazon stadiums just so I can have an alternative to Frozen on Blu-Ray . It 's been much appreciated .
Screamer is Deadspin 's soccer site . We 're @ ScreamerDS on Twitter . We 'll be partnering with our friends at Howler Magazine throughout the World Cup . Follow them on Twitter , @ whatahowler .
Advertisement
Drew Magary writes for Deadspin . He 's also a correspondent for GQ . Follow him on Twitter @ drewmagary and email him at drew @ deadspin.com . You can also order Drew 's book , Someone Could Get Hurt , through his homepage .
Image by Tara Jacoby .
Posted on July 20 , 2017
SunLine Transit 's hydrogen fuel-cell bus . Photo : SunLine Transit/Facebook
Ballard Power Systems received an order from SunLine Transit Agency for five fuel-cell engines to power clean energy buses in Palm Desert , California . The 150-kilowatt FCveloCity engines are expected to be shipped in 2017 .
Ballard is partnering with bus manufacturer , ElDorado National and system integrator and supplier of electric-drive systems , BAE Systems to deliver buses to SunLine .
The agency received funding from the FTA to purchase and deploy five hydrogen electric fuel cell buses . This will double SunLine 's current fleet of fuel-cell buses and allow it to offer expanded transit service in the Coachella Valley area of Southern California .
Funding was provided by the FTA under the Low or No Emission ( LoNo ) Vehicle Program .
The buses will use the previously deployed American Fuel Cell Bus ( AFCB ) configuration , first introduced with SunLine in 2011 . The AFCB configuration utilizes Ballard 's heavy-duty fuel cell engine to provide primary power , in combination with BAE Systems ' electric propulsion and power management systems deployed in an ENC 40-foot ( 12-meter ) Axess model transit bus . There are currently 13 AFCBs deployed with various transit agencies across North America , with another 10 on order including these 5 for SunLine .
Funding was provided by the FTA under the Low or No Emission ( LoNo ) Vehicle Program designed to support deployment of clean , energy-efficient buses in transit fleets . The program provides funding to transit agencies for capital acquisitions and leases of zero-emission and low-emission transit buses , including acquisition , construction and leasing of required infrastructure such as refueling and maintenance facilities .
Observational data from nine pulsars , including the Crab pulsar , suggest these rapidly spinning neutron stars emit the electromagnetic equivalent of a sonic boom , and a model created to understand this phenomenon shows that the source of the emissions could be traveling faster than the speed of light . Researchers say as the polarization currents in these emissions are whipped around with a mechanism likened to a synchrotron , the sources could be traveling up to six times light speed , or 1.8 million km per second . However , although the source of the radiation exceeds the speed of light , the emitted radiation travels at normal light speed once it leaves the source . “ This is not science fiction , and no laws of physics were broken in this model , ” said John Singleton of Los Alamos National Laboratory at a press briefing at the American Astronomical Society meeting in Washington , DC . “ And Einstein 's theory of Special Relativity is not violated . ”
This model , called the superluminal model of pulsars , was described by Singleton and colleague Andrea Schmidt as solving many unanswered issues about pulsars. ” We can account for a number of probabilities with this model , ” said Singleton , “ and there is a huge amount of observational data available , so there will be ample opportunities to verify this . ”
Pulsars emit amazingly regular , short bursts of radio waves . Within the emissions from the pulses , the circulating polarization currents move in a circular orbit , and its emitted radiation is analogous to that of electron synchrotron facilities used to produce radiation from the far-infrared to X-ray for experiments in biology and other subjects . In other words , the pulsar is a very broadband source of radiation .
However , Singleton said , the fact that the source moves faster than the speed of light results in a flux that oscillates as a function of frequency . “ Despite the large speed of the polarization current itself , the small displacements of the charged particles that make it up means that their velocities remain slower than light , ” he said .
These superluminal polarization currents are disturbances in the pulsar 's plasma atmosphere in which oppositely-charged particles are displaced by small amounts in opposite directions ; they are induced by the neutron star 's rotating magnetic field . This creates the electromagnetic equivalent of a sonic boom from accelerating supersonic aircraft . Just as the “ boom ” can be very loud a long way from the aircraft , the analogous signals from the pulsar remain intense over very long distances .
Back in the 1980s , Nobel laureate Vitaly Ginzburg and colleagues showed that such faster than light polarization currents will act as sources of electromagnetic radiation . Since then , the theory has been developed by Houshang Ardavan of Cambridge University , UK , and several ground-based demonstrations of the principle have been carried out in the United Kingdom , Russia and the USA . So far , polarization currents traveling at up to six times the speed of light have been demonstrated to emit tightly-focused bursts of radiation by the ground-based experiments .
Although Singleton and Schmidt 's highly technical presentation was admittedly over the heads of many in attendance ( and watching online ) , LANL researchers said the superluminal model fits data from the Crab pulsar and eight other pulsars , spanning electromagnetic frequencies from the radio to X-rays . In each case , the superluminal model accounted for the entire data set over 16 orders of magnitude of frequency with essentially only two adjustable parameters . In contrast to previous attempts , where several disparate models have been used to fit small frequency ranges of pulsar spectra , Schmidt said that a single emission process can account for the whole of the pulsar 's spectrum .
“ We think we can explain all observational data using this method , ” Singleton said .
When asked , Singleton said they have received some hostile reactions to their model from the pulsar community , but that many others have been “ charitably disposed because it explains a lot of their data . ”
Lead image caption : Artist 's impression of an anomalous X-ray pulsar . Credit : ESA
Papers : Singleton et al , , Ardavan , et al , Ardavan , et al
Sources : AAS press conference , LANL ,
Is this the SMOKING GUN in the Trump Russia Fake News narrative ?
A Wikileaks email shows that Hillary Clinton 's campaign team was advised to link Russian President Vladimir Putin with Donald Trump in an apparent bid to distract voters from her strategy on ISIS .
The exchange of emails between Clinton campaign chair John Podesta and Clinton ally and columnist Brent Budowsky was among the batch of around 1,000 emails from Podesta 's account released by WikiLeaks on October 22 , 2016 .
In a December 21 , 2015 email , Budowsky criticizes Clinton 's position on fighting ISIS before advising Podesta to draw Putin into her attacks on Donald Trump .
Wikileaks Email ID 25621 Brent Budowsky advises Podesta – to smear Trump with a Putin “ Bromance ” :
Budowsky 's email follows a discussion with Podesta on how to best position the former secretary of state on the issue of tackling ISIS .
Budowsky warns that Clinton is not coming down strongly enough on fighting ISIS and that her support for Obama 's approach is a potential “ death ray to her candidacy in a general election . ”
“ Walk back and escape from her statement that ‘ finally we are where we need to be ' against ISIS . We are not where we need to be , we are far from it , most voters do not believe it , and when the next terror attack comes in America – which it certainly will – she will be branded in hot iron with that statement , ” Budowski warns .
“ She will never state what I believe we need to do – at least 20,000 ground troops with 3,000 American and at least 10,000 from Sunni Muslim nations – because she is consumed with keeping Obama 's goodwill and afraid of liberal backlashes . ”
Podesta counters : “ Her reference was not to ISIS but to going after Assad diplomatically because of UNSC resolution passed Friday . We will make that clear . She has given two major speeches about how we are NOT where we need to be on ISIS . ”
“ That 's good , sooner it 's clarified the better , and the stronger the better , ” Budowski replies , later adding : “ Best approach is to slaughter Donald for his bromance with Putin , but not go too far betting on Putin re Syria . ”
It 's pretty clear that Vladimir Putin would rather have a puppet in the White House than a president . # DebateNight — Hillary Clinton ( @ HillaryClinton ) October 20 , 2016
Heat index could reach 108 degrees in S.A. throughout weekend
The National Weather Service is advising Bexar County to take extra precautions this weekend as excessive heat will hit South Central Texas . The National Weather Service is advising Bexar County to take extra precautions this weekend as excessive heat will hit South Central Texas . Photo : Photo : National Weather Service Photo : Photo : National Weather Service Image 1 of / 20 Captions Close Heat index could reach 108 degrees in S.A. throughout weekend 1 / 20 Back to Gallery
San Antonians take cover – preferably inside .
The National Weather Service is advising Bexar County residents , especially those who work or spend time outside , to take extra precautions this weekend due to excessive heat .
READ ALSO : Rental homes near water in Texas
Temperatures in the lower 100s will combine with high moisture to create heat index values up to 108 degrees for locations along and east of the Interstate 35 corridor in South Central Texas .
Lows will hover in the upper-70s .
These conditions remain possible through at least Sunday , according to the NWS .
RELATED : Protect your pets from the South Texas heat
The weather service advises the public to wear light weight and loose fitting clothing , drink lots of water and engage in frequent breaks if working outside .
Click through the slideshow above for tips on how to cope with Texas heat in San Antonio .
jthorpe @ express-news.net
Twitter : @ jerilynnthorpe
The problem resides in that you will project to other men how a real man should be , that could become problem to these women who are married to these men , if they know you are single and you do n't want to hook up or be engaged , they will see you as an enemy because they will be afraid that you will take your male friends with you to party and f~~~ girls randomly , or you will provide support for these men to dump these women , that 's the problem i smell here .
Also a man like you would n't fit for being their “ justin ” or better called ( Mr. just in case ) , Because a man like that would either have to be someone who does n't know their husbands personally or someone that really does n't care about their relations~~~s .
It is better to stay neutral , try and not cause too much noise , DO NOT let them smell off you that you are a MGTOW or a red pill , because they will spread rumors about you , they will lie about you , they will attack your character , they will seek to dismantle your relationship with those men , you have been warned .
It 's two weeks before the release of Ground Zeroes , and there 's still a lot of misinformation floating about . After spending over eight hours with the game , seeing the majority of its content , I 'm going to take this opportunity to debunk , and verify , some of the rumors about the latest Metal Gear game .
Whether Metal Gear creator Hideo Kojima likes it or not , his legendary stealth series is complicated . Nearly everything and everyone has multiple aliases , key comrades betray allegiances , and subsequent games crisscross between decades while also featuring leading characters with nearly identical names and faces ; a reference to a character named Snake may refer to one of four people : Naked Snake , Solid Snake , Solidus Snake , or Liquid Snake .
Kojima took a similar convoluted approach to the reveal of Metal Gear Solid V. It began with the announcement of Metal Gear Solid : Ground Zeroes at an event celebrating the series ' 25th anniversary in late August 2012 . Then , Kojima stayed silent about Metal Gear until the VGAs in December of 2012 . In typical Kojima form , he announced the other piece of the Metal Gear Solid V puzzle as simply The Phantom Pain , but did so under the guise of bandaged developer Joakim Mogren . The Metal Gear Solid V portion of the title was hidden in the negative space of the logo , and we were told that it was being developed by a new Swedish studio , Moby Dick Studios . It was n't until the Game Developers Conference the following March that Kojima revealed that he was behind The Phantom Pain and that it , together with Ground Zeroes , would make up Metal Gear Solid V .
Rumor : Ground Zeroes is a glorified $ 30 demo .
Reality : Ground Zeroes is a $ 30 game .
Packaged copies of Ground Zeroes are $ 30 , but a digital version can be downloaded for only $ 20 .
Demos come in different forms . Typically , they 're slices cut from the main game that offer a glimpse at the setting and plot , while giving you a chance to explore the core mechanics that will drive the gameplay experience . Sometimes game demos break these rules ; Bravely Default 's recent demo for the 3DS offered curious players distinct content that 's separate from the final product . It was n't short either , keeping many people engaged for 10 or more hours . Despite its length , the demo revealed very little about the main game 's overall plot .
Metal Gear Solid V : Ground Zeroes can also be played for 10 or more hours . It also contains content that ca n't be found in the `` main '' game , The Phantom Pain . However , I will argue that because Ground Zeroes offers key plot points that lead into the Phantom Pain , it truly is a prologue game , unlike the Bravely Default demo .
For each of Ground Zeroes ' missions , you 're given the entirety of Camp Omega to accomplish your goal , but that is the sole environment in the game . This limitation is no doubt the reason for the `` demo '' branding by some , but Ground Zeroes is a stand-alone product . If you hold to the notion that a short game can only be a demo , and you refuse to pay for something that `` should '' be free , you 've got a long time to wait before the `` full '' game is released , likely in late 2015 , or even early 2016 .
Even if you manage to hold out and ignore Ground Zeroes for that long , there 's no guarantee The Phantom Pain will contain the same content found in Ground Zeroes . It may not be as broad or as long as most games , but Ground Zeroes can be had for one-third of the cost if you opt to download it for $ 20 .
Rumor : Ground Zeroes is two hours long .
Reality : Ground Zeroes has over ten hours of content .
When Game Informer pointed out that they completed Ground Zeroes in two hours , everyone was up in arms . There were a lot reader comments that read something like this : `` Two hours ? What a rip-off ! '' We 've since learned , and I can confirm , that the two-hour time frame is a reasonable estimation of your first playthrough of the main mission . I completed my first run closer to the one-hour mark , but I took one of many routes to get there . Ground Zeroes is n't a linear experience , and there are a lot of paths that will lead you to your goal .
Metal Gear is traditionally a stealth-based experience , and Ground Zeroes is no different . However , it 's more open ended than its predecessors . The main mission , if handled as succinctly as possible , incorporates only a quarter of the setting , Camp Omega .
Pick it quick !
There are also a handful of side missions -- called side-ops -- to explore . The first four give you new challenges that take you directly to new parts of the map . The weather and time of day change for these missions as well . These changes alter the need for and implementation of stealth , and give the base an entirely new feel . Though you only explore Camp Omega in Ground Zeroes , there 's plenty of opportunity to explore every nook in a variety of scenarios . While playing through the side-ops , I spent about three hours during my first run of the lot , but I consistently ranked poorly . Time permitting , I would have readily and happily jumped back in to improve my rank . It 's not just for pride : better ranks reward you with better bonus items that can open up new ways to play any mission in the game .
If you want to open up the platform-exclusive missions , you 'll need a keen eye , a quiet step , and a lot of patience . In order to unlock them , you need to collect badges hidden throughout the base . It may be one location , but Camp Omega is full of buildings to explore and corners to pick through , making the badge hunt particularly challenging . I certainly was n't able to find them all without a bit of help .
All told , I spent about nine hours playing Ground Zeroes , and my completion rating was only 30 percent . I beat every mission , but I failed to complete them in every way possible .
Rumor : Ground Zeroes is easier with the slow-motion stealth mechanic .
Reality : Ground Zeroes is just as difficult with the slow-motion stealth mechanic .
When the going gets tough , the weak get choke-slammed .
One of the most obvious changes to the stealth gameplay is the new slow-motion effect that occurs when you 're spotted by an enemy . Before they have a chance to alert fellow guards and soldiers , you have a few seconds to silence them and avert danger . It 's not a total crutch , however . After all , you no longer have a radar system to track noise and enemy movements . You can mark enemies with your binoculars and keep track of them that way , but you 're required to spot them in the first place . This is no small feat when there are dozens of enemies in the area and you 're constantly watching your back .
Even though I always knew where some enemies were , there was always a little voice in the back of my head reminding me that there are probably another one or two nearby that I have n't spotted . Sometimes though , I got cocky , and brashly bolted into un-scouted territory . The moment I was spotted and the slow-motion effect kicked in produced a fight or flight sensation that was immediately difficult to manage . You know that your window to act is only open for a few seconds , and the pressure therein had a noticeable impact on my ability to focus . Maybe it speaks to my abilities as a player , but the slow-motion “ crutch ” did me no favors compared to the old way of doing things .
Rumor : Ground Zeroes is an open-world game .
Reality : Ground Zeroes is not an open-world game .
As I 've said already , there 's only one area to explore in Ground Zeroes . Now , according to Kojima , the Phantom Pain is supposed to be `` hundreds '' of times larger than Ground Zeroes , which will likely fit into the open-world paradigm that we 've grown accustomed to in games like Grand Theft Auto V. You will not get that same feeling when playing Ground Zeroes . If you attempt to exit the base through one of many available exits , you 'll be prompted to confirm that you 're quitting the mission at hand and want to return to the main menu . Perhaps a better descriptor for Ground Zeroes is that it 's an open-format game , as there are numerous paths and means to reach your goal . In that sense , it 's more open than previous games in the series .
Camp Omega looks small at this scale , but it will take considerable time and effort to see everything it has to offer .
You could ignore your mission objectives and spend an hour running around Camp Omega and still miss half of the soldiers , vehicles , and interactive objects strewn about . So yes , it 's more open than usual , but there 's no basis to call Ground Zeroes an open-world game . The Phantom Pain , on the other hand , will almost certainly offer what Kojima has talked about since the inception of Peace Walker : a ( mostly ) persistent world where you can recruit soldiers , build your army 's base , and break free from the bonds of linear mission structures .
There 's obviously a lot more to talk about , and with the Ground Zeroes release date looming , you can be sure that everyone 's questions will be answered soon . What I can say at this point is that for $ 30 , Ground Zeroes offers a robust glimpse into the future of Metal Gear . It looks great , offers intriguing plot points to digest , and has enough extra content to keep you busy far longer than two hours .
Hillary Clinton made a similar miscalculation to the Remain campaign . She also hoped that a combination of expert endorsements and negativity could give her the White House – and turned out to be wrong . Whatever the strengths and weaknesses of Donald Trump , his victory does represent the rejection of eight years of liberal drift that failed to make a compelling case for its re-election . Now he inherits a row with Russia over the country 's alleged hacking of the presidential election . Barack Obama 's sudden transformation into Ronald Reagan comes too little too late . Having failed to stop Russian advances in Ukraine and Syria he has suddenly decided that Moscow must be humiliated .
What has he done ? Expelled a few diplomats . Either Russia did pull off the crime of the century in November , in which case this response was weak , or Mr Obama is trying to turn a scandal into an international crisis with which to bind Mr Trump 's hands . Fearful of Mr Trump allying with Mr Putin , he perhaps wants to establish Russian guilt and force Mr Trump either to uphold diplomatic sanctions or drop them . Unfortunately for Mr Obama , Moscow has decided not to engage in tit-for-tat . That probably leaves Mr Trump greater wriggle room after inauguration .
Professor Annmarie Chiarini , Anisha Vora , and Dr. Holly Jacobs have a few things in common : They 've all had explicit photos of themselves shared online , and they 've all decided to do something about it . In August of 2012 , Jacobs started EndRevengePorn.org and quickly found out that the concept of pornography as vengeance is even stranger than it sounds when we type it out like that . Working with Vora and Chiarini , she discovered that ...
5 Everyone Will Blame You
NatasaMandic/iStock/Getty Images
If you see a picture of a naked person online , the default assumption is that they put it there themselves , because we want to believe that the world is a beautiful place full of consensual genitalia . Of course , it 's a bummer if your boss finds those pictures , because most workplaces frown on that sort of thing . When Jacobs first heard from human resources at her school , they made the default assumption and came after her : `` They were pursuing it so much and asking so many questions insinuating that I was doing this myself ... I legally changed my name . '' To clarify , the problem is n't that a school was concerned that their employee was being sexually inappropriate with their students -- they of course need to watch out for that shit ( it 's only charming when Indiana Jones does it ) . The problem is that , after it became apparent that this was an attack on one of their teachers , the school 's very first reaction was to put as much distance between them as possible . It 's virtually impossible to convince people that it 's not somehow your fault .
Pixland/Pixland/Getty Images
`` If you did n't want this to happen , then why are you always naked under your clothes ? ''
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
One revenge porn site was run by a single mother who posted the pictures jilted wives sent her of their husbands ' mistresses . She of course did nothing to verify these stories or identities before posting naked photos of strangers , and when questioned about the lives she was affecting , she insisted that women `` love the attention . '' Because as we all know , there 's no such thing as bad attention -- even when it 's technically a form of sexual abuse that essentially ruins your public life , at least somebody thought nice things about your butt .
Police and Seattle Fire were called to E Pine at Summit Wednesday night after a woman was reported stabbed in the leg with a pen aboard a Metro bus .
Police were looking for a suspect from the 9:30 PM incident described as a white female in her 30s , around 5 ' 6″ with dark long hair , wearing two backpacks and a burgundy coat . She was reported to have been seen with two other females at the time of the incident . They were last seen getting off the bus at it headed up Capitol Hill at 8th and Pine .
We do not yet know the condition of the victim in the incident or information on what led to the stabbing . UPDATE : Seattle Fire tells us the victim , a woman in her late 30s , was transported to the hospital in stable condition .
Hippocampus , region of the brain that is associated primarily with memory . The name hippocampus is derived from the Greek hippokampus ( hippos , meaning “ horse , ” and kampos , meaning “ sea monster ” ) , since the structure 's shape resembles that of a seahorse . The hippocampus , which is located in the inner ( medial ) region of the temporal lobe , forms part of the limbic system , which is particularly important in regulating emotional responses . The hippocampus is thought to be principally involved in storing long-term memories and in making those memories resistant to forgetting , though this is a matter of debate . It is also thought to play an important role in spatial processing and navigation .
The hippocampus receives input from modulatory neurotransmitter systems , including serotonin , norepinephrine , and dopamine systems . It also receives cholinergic input ( responds to the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ) from the medial septum , which regulates the hippocampal physiological state . The medial septum is involved in setting one of the critical oscillatory rhythms in the hippocampus , the theta rhythm . Abolishing that region or the associated theta rhythm interferes with hippocampal function .
The dentate gyrus is morphologically distinct from CA fields and contains densely packed granule cells ( neurons with relatively small cell bodies ) . The dentate gyrus is also one of only two regions in the brain known to house neural stem cells that are capable of differentiating into new neurons throughout adulthood .
The CA fields contain three layers ( in contrast to the rest of the brain 's six-layered cortex ) and use pyramidal cells ( neurons with dendrites that spread to give the cell body a triangular appearance ) as the principal excitatory cells . The CA3 region of the hippocampus contains a large excitatory recurrent collateral network ( where axons loop back to input fibres , or dendrites ) , which constitutes the largest input source to CA3 .
The subregions of the hippocampus are connected by two principal neural circuits : the trisynaptic circuit and the monosynaptic circuit . The trisynaptic circuit forwards information from the entorhinal cortex to the dentate gyrus via the perforant path , which perforates through the subiculum . Information then flows from the dentate gyrus to CA3 via the mossy fibre pathway ( so named for the extensive branching of its axons ) . Finally , information flows from CA3 to CA1 along bundles of axons known as Schaffer collaterals . The circuit is completed by outbound projections to the subiculum and the entorhinal cortex . The monosynaptic input bypasses the dentate gyrus and CA3 and instead transmits information directly from the entorhinal cortex to CA1 .
The anatomy of the hippocampus is of chief importance to its function . The hippocampus receives input from and sends output to the rest of the brain via a structure known as the entorhinal cortex , which is located beneath the anterior ( frontal ) region of the hippocampus . The hippocampal formation itself is composed of several subregions , which include the cornu ammonis ( CA1–4 ) , the dentate gyrus , and the subiculum .
Functions of the hippocampus
The two most-influential theories for hippocampal function are related to space and memory . The spatial hypothesis was supported by the seminal discovery in 1971 of cells in the hippocampus that fired bursts of action potentials when a rat traversed specific locations in space , or “ place fields. ” That suggested that the hippocampus was a sort of device used by the brain for mapping layouts of the environment . Data supporting that idea came from later virtual navigation studies in humans , which suggested a strong association between the hippocampus and spatial navigation . The memory hypothesis originated in 1957 and was supported by studies and observations in which hippocampal removal resulted in a loss of the ability to form new memories , particularly fact- and event-related ( declarative ) memories .
Although there is near universal agreement among scientists that the hippocampus is important for memory , the exact processes by which the hippocampus supports memory are subject to much debate . Some studies suggest that the hippocampus binds items and contexts into unified experiences and stores them . Other studies suggest that the hippocampus is preferentially involved in conscious recollection , or the experience of mental time travel during recall . Still other studies suggest that the hippocampus is able to support rapid learning by reducing interference among similar memories ( for example , where a person parked his or her car today versus yesterday ) . Some theories of hippocampal function treat the hippocampus as an index ( much like an index at the end of a book ) that binds together elements of an experience but does not store the experience itself . The latter is assumed to be stored in a distributed fashion throughout the brain , while the hippocampus is assumed to possess an index of that distributed code .
There is disagreement about whether long-term memories eventually become independent of the hippocampus , with the cortex being sufficiently able to support recall . That is known as the standard model of systems consolidation . The major competing theory , multiple trace theory , suggests that the hippocampus continues to be needed for long-term recall of episodic ( context-rich ) memories but not for semantic or gist memories . Finally , hippocampal structure , function , and connectivity are not uniform along its longitudinal axis . The anterior hippocampus is preferentially connected to the amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex and is thought to be involved principally in the regulation of emotion and stress . The posterior hippocampus is preferentially connected to the retrosplenial and posterior parietal cortices and is thought to be involved principally in cognitive and spatial processing .
Guests : Chiwetel Ejiofor Guests : Allison Jones
New to Bullseye ? Subscribe to our podcast in iTunes or with use the RSS feed in your favorite podcatcher to make sure you automatically get the newest episode every week .
Photo : Tim Whitby/Getty Images Europe/Getty Images
`` You 're Always Striving For Something '' : Chiwetel Ejiofor on ' Z for Zachariah ' , His Heritage and Getting 'Mamet-ed '
Chiwetel Ejiofor possesses a charisma on the screen that makes his characters both large and small to demand your attention . Whether he 's playing Othello , a drag queen in Kinky Boots or a free man forced into slavery in 12 Years a Slave , Ejiofor not only inhabits his characters but expresses their humanity in a sincere and honest fashion .
In his new movie , Z for Zachariah , Ejiofor plays one of only a handful of survivors of the apocalypse . He finds his way to an untouched valley , and struggles to find his place in this new world .
Ejiofor joins us to talk the cultural constructs of our everyday lives ( and how they apply in a post-apocalyptic world ) , his Nigerian heritage , why being Oscar-nominated does n't feel like the end-all , be-all of acting and what happened when he got into the jiu jitsu ring ( ! ) with legendary playwright and director David Mamet .
Z for Zachariah is in theaters and available on VOD now .
The Difference Between Who `` Is '' Funny and `` Can Be '' Funny : Allison Jones on Casting Comedy
If you 're a comedy fan , chances are you love at least one of the following shows or films . Parks and Recreation ? The Office ? Freaks and Geeks ? Arrested Development ? Curb Your Enthusiasm ? Almost any Judd Apatow movie ? Bridesmaids ?
There 's a person behind the scenes who helped put some of your favorite comedy actors on camera , and her name is Allison Jones . She 's the go-to casting director for Paul Feig and Judd Apatow , and helped shape the face of comedy TV and film as we know it . She even discovered the awkward high school kid who would become McLovin .
She specializes in finding the kind of actor who `` is funny '' rather than ones who `` can be funny '' -- she 'll explain the difference and why it matters .
Jones joins us to talk about her most memorable auditions ( going way back to Family Ties ) , the challenges in casting funny women , and her own formative comedy experiences .
The Outshot : Jimmy Witherspoon
Jesse explains what jump blues singer Jimmy Witherspoon can add to the discussion around race in America .
The impressive TV numbers for the Rebel Women 's Big Bash League has convinced Network Ten to move January 's Melbourne derby to their main broadcast channel .
The WBBL made its television debut last weekend on Ten 's secondary channel ONE HD , with a peak audience of 427,000 viewers tuning in and an average of 220,000 across two matches .
WATCH : Jonassen stars in Heat 's win over Strikers
The figures are three times the average audience for free-to-air A-League matches so far this season and the strong numbers have convinced Ten that the first ever derby between the Stars and the Renegades on Saturday January 2 deserves to be shown on the main channel .
Quick Single : WBBL lights the way for next generation
The afternoon match at the MCG will be hosted by Mel McLaughlin with former players Mel Jones and Lisa Sthalekar to join Andy Maher in the commentary box .
Ten 's Head of Sport David Barham says the appeal of Stars captain Meg Lanning , who on Wednesday was crowned the ICC 's ODI Player of the Year , was another factor in their decision to show the match on Channel 10 .
WATCH : Lanning stars in WBBL opener
`` She 's the best women 's cricketer in the world and it 's a good chance for everyone to have a look and see how good Meg Lanning is , '' Barham told News Corp .
`` She 's an Australian sportsperson that everyone knows and if we 've got a chance to showcase any elite sportsperson , female or male , we 'll take it .
`` A lot of people will enjoy watching Meg Lanning bat .
`` I think this is worth a shot .
`` The numbers ( for the WBBL ) have been really good and we want to have a look and see what happens .
`` ... there 's only one way to find out .
`` The quality of the coverage has an impact on what people think of the players without a shadow of a doubt and ( making the broadcast as professional as the men 's BBL ) is a subtle thing but something we see as really important . ''
WATCH : Shaw 's brilliant catch at the SCG
The WBBL derby is part of a bumper day of Big Bash cricket on Ten ; the men 's BBL Melbourne derby will follow the women 's game at the MCG from 6.10pm before the Scorchers will host the Sixers in Perth from 9.15pm eastern time .
The first ever season of the WBBL got underway on December 5 , 12 days before the men 's tournament started , with strong crowds turning out across the country .
`` We 're thrilled with the strong start to the Rebel Women 's Big Bash League and want to continue to create a groundswell around the league to inspire as many girls as possible to take up cricket , '' said Ben Amarfio , Cricket Australia 's Executive General Manager for Media , Communications & Marketing .
`` We are committed to changing the perception about cricket being a male domain . We unashamedly created this league to inspire young girls to understand that cricket is a game for girls too .
WATCH : Hall 's stunning catch in Hobart
`` It is still early days but we are very pleased with how the WBBL has been accepted . We have had terrific support from the media and commercial partners such as Rebel .
`` In time the crowds will build but for the moment it is about exposing the game to as many people as possible and we feel that this move of putting the WBBL 's Melbourne Derby on Ten 's primary channel will do just that . ''
A total of eight WBBL matches will be broadcast on Ten or ONE HD this season , the next of which is the New Year 's Eve clash between the Strikers and the Scorchers on ONE .
Running a marathon is hard enough for most people . Some people , nonetheless , like to mix in some extra sweating and chaffing via elaborate `` marathon costumes '' . Sometimes these costumes are just for fun , but often they are used to raising awareness and money for benevolent causes . Below are some of the most creative , hilarious , and uncomfortable marathon outfits ever witnessed .
Save the Rhino - London 2007 - 22 lbs rhino suit + 26.2 miles + 77°F ( 25°C )
NYC 2005 - to raise awareness for testicular cancer
London 2008 - Michelle Frost , first marathon on stilts - 8 hr 25 min
Spidey 's up against a new nemesis - the pulled hammy .
Masai warriors from Tanzania compete in traditional dress to raise money to provide their village with water . If you look closely you can see that they have old car tires as shoes . - London 2008
These men ran a half-marathon in full firefighter 's gear , including oxygen tanks .
Levin obliterates the Left 's ‘ ridiculous ' Trump-emoluments claim
District of Columbia and Maryland attorneys general sued President Trump in federal court Monday for supposedly “ flagrantly violating ” the emoluments clause of the Constitution .
On his radio show Monday night , Conservative Review Editor-in-Chief Mark Levin methodically went through why their claims are “ ridiculous : ”
“ The leftists think they 've found a part of the Constitution they like , ” Levin said in opening . Yet after Levin walks through exactly what the emoluments clause is , it becomes clear that the Constitutional understanding of the two attorneys general is seriously distorted .
Levin points out that under so broad an interpretation of the emoluments clause , even foreign sales of Barack Obama 's Dreams of My Father may very well be in violation !
Editor 's note : This article has been updated to correct errors in punctuation .
Dick Cheney will force-choke Iran into submission .
Critics of the Iran nuclear deal have hinged their opposition on the premise that the alternative to the unpleasant concessions to Iran 's unpleasant regime is the mythical “ better deal. ” Like the mythical Obamacare alternative , the “ better deal ” has none of the bad stuff contained in the actual Iran deal required to get Iran 's agreement , but it also manages to achieve all the limits and inspections contained in the agreement . The “ better deal ” is a more convenient basis of comparison for them than the real-world alternative approach to the Iranian nuclear program carried out by the last American presidential administration , which conservatives prefer never to mention . Inconveniently for them , the architect of that administration 's Iran policy , Dick Cheney , remains — at least in the strict , medical sense of the term — alive . His latest growlings on The Wall Street Journal editorial page provide a disturbingly clear picture of what the neoconservative approach to Iran looks like in practice .
Cheney 's op-ed itself relies mostly on the familiar abstractions conservatives use to understand foreign-policy problems . ( Cheney writes , “ The Obama nuclear agreement with Iran is tragically reminiscent of British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain 's Munich agreement in 1938 , ” a predictable analysis given that conservatives have drawn upon the Munich comparison for every negotiation with any enemy since World War II . )
The overarching theme of Cheney 's op-ed is that world peace has been maintained because presidents of both parties , from Harry Truman through the guy who was president before Barack Obama , believed in American goodness and strength . Now it has all been ruined by Barack Obama , who believes in neither . It is when Cheney goes from the general to the specific that his case gets truly weird . According to Cheney , Obama breaks the long-standing bipartisan tradition of denying Iran access to nuclear weapons :
[ Obama ] says that he is committed to preventing nuclear proliferation . For more than 45 years , presidents of both parties have recognized that the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty is vital in this effort . Signed by 190 countries , including Iran , the NPT has been arguably the single most effective multilateral arms-control agreement in history . President Obama stands ready to gut it . Among the many dangerous deficiencies in his nuclear deal with Iran is the irreversible damage it will do to the international nonproliferation regime contained in the NPT . Allowing the Iranians to continue to enrich uranium and agreeing to the removal of all restraints on their nuclear program in a few short years virtually guarantees that they will become a nuclear-weapons state , thus undermining the fundamental agreement at the heart of the NPT . President Obama is unraveling this international structure as part of an agreement that provides a pathway for the world 's worst state-sponsor of terror to acquire nuclear weapons .
What makes this so bizarre is that our putative commitment to preventing an Iranian nuclear program disintegrated under Cheney 's watch . It was not under the Obama presidency that Iran arrived on the doorstep of the nuclear club . It was during Cheney 's ( vice- ) presidency . It was , moreover , Cheney 's contributions to the Middle East landscape that enabled Iran 's general rise . Destroying Iran 's chief rival in the region , Saddam Hussein , without any plan to occupy or to replace that government , allowed Iran to fill the vacuum we created .
Bush and Cheney may have rhetorically opposed the Iranian nuclear program . In reality , they allowed it to blossom . As Marc Champion explained several months ago , “ at the start of Bush 's presidency , Iran had no operational centrifuge cascades and no stocks of enriched fuel , so it had no means of making a nuclear weapon. ” Then things got bad :
By the time Bush left office in January 2009 , Iran had just under 4,000 working centrifuges and an additional 1,600 installed . These had , to that point , produced 171 kilos of low-enriched uranium . Oh , and Iran had covertly built a new enrichment facility under a mountain at Qom .
Measured by results , rather than sound bites , Cheney was the greatest thing that happened to the radical regime in Iran since it took power . Michael Rubin , a former Bush administration Middle East policy adviser , has attempted to defend the administration 's disastrous Iran policy by blaming the failure on our feckless European partners , who continued to trade with Iran , undermining our sanctions . Rubin insists , “ the problem was not too little diplomacy , but rather too much trade. ” But why were sanctions so weak under Bush , and so much stronger under Obama ? Because the Obama administration used the promise of negotiations to build strong support for sanctions . Without those negotiations , the sanctions regime would be just as weak as it was under the Bush administration . The notion that simply refusing to make any concessions whatsoever could prevent Iran from advancing its nuclear program is not a novel idea . Cheney 's administration tried it . It did n't work .
This is why actual nonproliferation experts support the Iran deal strongly . Sam Nunn and Richard Lugar — respectively , a moderate Democrat and Republican , and deeply versed in nonproliferation — have penned an op-ed endorsing the Iran deal . Presumably Cheney suspects they , too , have rejected decades of America-lovin ' foreign policy .
The NBC Bay Area Investigative Unit has found a single master key grants access to gas pumps across the state and it s giving easy access to thieves looking to compromise Bay Area drivers credit card information . Vicky Nguyen first aired this story Nov. 8 at 11 p.m. ( Published Friday , Nov. 9 , 2012 )
Call it the key to the kingdom . In the world of gas pumps , there is a universal key unlocking a lucrative business for identity thieves .
The NBC Bay Area Investigative Unit has learned a single key opens the majority of gas station pumps across the country , making it easy for crooks to install high-tech skimming devices and resulting in hundreds of victims of credit card fraud in the South Bay .
The single key was initially created to make it easier for pump inspections and maintenance , but now , copies are circulating amongst thieves .
The Rapid Enforcement Allied Computer Team , a high tech task force of investigators in Silicon Valley , which partners with the Santa Clara County District Attorney 's Office , is looking into hundreds of these cases across the state .
The REACT Task Force has uncovered nine skimming devices in the past two months from Bay Area gas stations . Three hundred victims have been identified so far and that number continues to grow .
“ We are just touching the tip of the iceberg , ” REACT Task Force Director Mike Sterner told NBC Bay Area .
Sterner , who is also an investigator with the Santa Clara County DA , says the crooks use the key to get into the pumps . He says they are installing new Bluetooth-enabled skimming devices .
The Bluetooth technology collects the data from credit cards then transmits that information up to 100 yards away to the thieves . And it all happens in a matter of seconds , while unsuspecting drivers fill up their gas tanks .
The crooks never have to return to the pump to retrieve the device . Plus , it 's nearly impossible for a customer to tell the device is installed .
“ It is virtually undetectable , ” Sterner told NBC Bay Area . He estimates consumer losses in the millions of dollars .
There is a quick fix according to Sterner : Change the locks .
“ I believe the [ vast majority ] of gas station owners are well aware and frankly the loss is not coming out of their pockets so they 're not that concerned , ” Sterner said . “ They 're not taking the steps to protect their customers . ”
We found one of those gas station owners in Santa Clara . Police say they advised Valero owner Ed Soltanzad to change his locks , after they found two Bluetooth skimmers in his pumps last month .
The locks remained and weeks later , police found two more skimmers . They do n't yet know how many people had their credit card information stolen .
Soltanzad did not return NBC Bay Area 's calls requesting an interview .
The Investigative Unit met up with him at his station to ask about his locks , but he walked away from the camera , locking himself in his office .
He said through the office door that he has ordered new locks but they have not yet arrived .
Another station owner , Gerard Habib , already has taken steps to protect customers .
“ It 's a concern that our customers would be cheated out of their hard earned money . So if we can do something to prevent that from happening , by all means we are going to do that , ” Habib said .
Habib owns a San Jose Chevron station that services 6,000 cars a day . He says he changed his locks immediately after police found a Bluetooth skimmer in one of his pumps last month .
“ That 's crazy , is n't it ? All over the country and a couple of keys that open every gas station pump , ” Habib said . He said it cost him about $ 1,000 to get the new locks .
While the cost may hinder some station owners , police say there are cheaper options , like security tape . When the tape is broken , it shows someone has tampered with it .
When it comes to gas station ownership and who 's responsible for gas pump security , there are three types : independently owned stations , company owned stations , and franchises .
NBC Bay Area reached out to several major gas companies to see what policies they have in place to foster pump security .
Valero said the majority of their stations , like the one in Santa Clara , are independently owned and the company does not dictate security measures , but at Valero-owned stations , it provides enhanced security . The spokesperson would not give specific details .
Chevron said requires dispensers to be inspected daily for skimming devices and encourages this policy at independent and franchised sites .
Phillips 66 provides fuel to 76 stations . While the company does not own any California stations , it does assist in the cost of upgrading pump locks and also provides materials and training for upgrades .
Shell also works with wholesalers to provide incentives to change locks . The company said it encourages station owners to use security tape and is working on new alarm technology to prevent fraud .
While many credit card companies will cover the cost of fraud , Sterner says they pass their rising costs onto consumers in the form of higher interest rates .
To protect yourself , look for stations that have updated security and advanced locks . Ask the owner at your gas station if they use the universal lock system . And when in doubt , pay inside .
If you have a tip for the Investigative Unit , email us : TheUnit @ nbcbayarea.com
Today the FBI released an edited text transcript of the 911 calls gunman Omar Mateen made during the course of the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history . U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch told ABC 's “ This Week ” that the FBI was working to create a complete profile of the gunman so that the investigation can move forward . Specifically , the FBI is trying to determine if Mateen was motivated to attack the gay community .
The transcripts released by the FBI are below :
ORLANDO—In order to provide an update on the progress of the investigation into the Pulse nightclub shooting , the FBI is releasing an excerpt from the timeline of events inside the Pulse nightclub during the early morning hours of Sunday , June 12 , 2016 . Out of respect for the victims of this horrific tragedy , law enforcement will not be releasing audio of the shooter 's 911 calls at this time , nor will law enforcement be releasing audio or transcripts of the calls made by victims at the Pulse nightclub during the incident . Furthermore , the name of the shooter and that of the person/group to whom he pledged allegiance are omitted .
The following is based on Orlando Police Department ( OPD ) radio communication ( times are approximate ) :
2:02 a.m. : OPD call transmitted multiple shots fired at Pulse nightclub .
2:04 a.m. : Additional OPD officers arrived on scene .
2:08 a.m. : Officers from various law enforcement agencies made entrance to Pulse and engaged the shooter .
2:18 a.m. : OPD S.W.A.T . ( Special Weapons & Tactics ) initiated a full call-out .
2:35 a.m. : Shooter contacted a 911 operator from inside Pulse . The call lasted approximately 50 seconds , the details of which are set out below :
Orlando Police Dispatcher ( OD )
Shooter ( OM )
OD : Emergency 911 , this is being recorded .
OM : In the name of God the Merciful , the beneficial [ in Arabic ]
OD : What ?
OM : Praise be to God , and prayers as well as peace be upon the prophet of God [ in Arabic ] . I let you know , I 'm in Orlando and I did the shootings .
OD : What 's your name ?
OM : My name is I pledge of allegiance to [ omitted ] .
OD : Ok , What 's your name ?
OM : I pledge allegiance to [ omitted ] may God protect him [ in Arabic ] , on behalf of [ omitted ] .
OD : Alright , where are you at ?
OM : In Orlando .
OD : Where in Orlando ?
[ End of call . ]
( Shortly thereafter , the shooter engaged in three conversations with OPD 's Crisis Negotiation Team . )
2:48 a.m. : First crisis negotiation call occurred lasting approximately nine minutes .
3:03 a.m. : Second crisis negotiation call occurred lasting approximately 16 minutes .
3:24 a.m. : Third crisis negotiation call occurred lasting approximately three minutes .
In these calls , the shooter , who identified himself as an Islamic soldier , told the crisis negotiator that he was the person who pledged his allegiance to [ omitted ] , and told the negotiator to tell America to stop bombing Syria and Iraq and that is why he was “ out here right now. ” When the crisis negotiator asked the shooter what he had done , the shooter stated , “ No , you already know what I did. ” The shooter continued , stating , “ There is some vehicle outside that has some bombs , just to let you know . You people are gon na get it , and I 'm gon na ignite it if they try to do anything stupid. ” Later in the call with the crisis negotiator , the shooter stated that he had a vest , and further described it as the kind they “ used in France. ” The shooter later stated , “ In the next few days , you 're going to see more of this type of action going on. ” The shooter hung up and multiple attempts to get in touch with him were unsuccessful .
4:21 a.m. : OPD pulled an air conditioning unit out of a Pulse dressing room window for victims to evacuate .
( While the FBI will not be releasing transcripts of OPD communication with victims , significant information obtained from those victims allowed OPD to gain knowledge of the situation inside Pulse . )
( While the FBI will not be releasing transcripts of OPD communication with victims , significant information obtained from those victims allowed OPD to gain knowledge of the situation inside Pulse . ) 4:29 a.m. : As victims were being rescued , they told OPD the shooter said he was going to put four vests with bombs on victims within 15 minutes .
( An immediate search of the shooter 's vehicle on scene and inside Pulse ultimately revealed no vest or improvised explosive device . )
( An immediate search of the shooter 's vehicle on scene and inside Pulse ultimately revealed no vest or improvised explosive device . ) 5:02 a.m. : OPD SWAT and OCSO Hazardous Device Team began to breach wall with explosive charge and armored vehicle to make entry .
5:14 a.m. : OPD radio communication stated that shots were fired .
5:15 a.m. : OPD radio communication stated that OPD engaged the suspect and the suspect was reported down .
Based on OPD radio communications , there were no reports of shots being fired inside Pulse between the initial exchange of gunfire between responding officers and shooter , and the time of the final breach . During this time , the shooter communicated with an OPD 911 operator and an OPD crisis negotiator , and OPD radio communications reported that victims were being rescued .
The FBI urges the public to provide information about the shooter and any contact they may have had with him . Since the release of the FBI 's Seeking Information poster , the FBI has received thousands of tips . The FBI will investigate every tip .
Millions of Afghans are missing out on radio and television because of severe electricity shortages across the country , a debate has heard .
The claims were made at an IWPR event held on December 15 for an audience of students at Balkh University in Mazar-e Sharif , in the north of Afghanistan .
Najib Paikan , the owner of a private radio station based in Balkh province , claimed that inadequate power infrastructure was preventing dozens of broadcast networks from keeping the public fully informed about the April presidential election .
Another speaker at the event , journalism lecturer Sayed Mustafa Habibi , said that despite these problems , the media remained an essential mechanism for holding government to account . But he warned students that not all media outlets were neutral , and more needed to be done to combat bias in the press , radio and television .
Kazem Haidari , a journalist who sat on the panel at the debate , agreed that it was crucial for the media to be seen to be non-partisan . Good journalism meant avoiding reporting rumours and speculation and concentrating on the facts , he said .
“ A media outlet will lose all credibility if it 's seen to be favouring a specific candidate , ” he said .
Sakhi Dad Mahdiyar is a student at Balkh University and an IWPR trainee .
This report was produced as part of Open Minds : Speaking Up , Reaching Out – Promoting University and Youth Participation in Afghan Elections , an IWPR initiative funded by the US embassy in Kabul .
Indiana Pacers Paul George is having the best season of his career . ( Photo11 : Brian Spurlock-USA TODAY Sports )
After everything Paul George has been through the past 14 months , the notion of him playing out of position is , by comparison , the smallest of matters .
But not long after Indiana Pacers coach Frank Vogel made it official that his fully-recovered All-Star will play the power forward spot this season in an attempt to play “ small-ball , ” the 25-year-old who missed all but six games last season after breaking his leg at Team USA minicamp last August made it clear yet again in an interview with USA TODAY Sports that he 's hardly excited about the development .
“ Um , you know it 's , uh , I was open for – to try it out , ” George said via phone while promoting his place on the cover of the NBA 2K16 mobile app . “ It 's definitely a change . It 's something new . We 'll see how it goes . As the season goes , it might be better for me to just be at my regular position . But I told them I was open to the situation and ( we 'll ) see where it goes . ”
It 's quite predictable , not to mention fair , that George has concerns about the decision . Defending power forwards is inherently more taxing than guarding small forwards , especially when you 're playing the position as a 6-foot-9 , 220-pounder who will be undersized on many nights .
From the Pacers ' perspective , team president Larry Bird made it clear earlier this summer that he believes George 's offense will be aided by this move and that the defensive side of the ball wo n't be nearly as daunting as some believe . His goal , as he told reporters in Indiana recently , is to score an additional six or eight points per game .
“ Yeah , I believe ( that 's his main concern ) , ” George said . “ It 's just being outmatched strength-wise with guys at the four spot is really the only concern . It 's not really the concern for one game . It 's the concern just over the course of a season just how my body would take it , especially coming off the injury that I had and a whole year of rehabbing . Just not sure of how it 's going to take it . ( We 'll ) start camp , see how camp goes . Again , I 'm not too thrilled on it , but it could change the more comfortable I get at the position . But we 'll see . But again , I could very much end up loving it , so it 's all up in the air . I 'm open to the position . ”
East African Community ( EAC ) envisages the creation of regional regulatory entity
As part of the European Medicines Agency 's ( EMA ) ongoing collaboration with African regulators , a delegation of Heads of Agencies from the East African Community ( EAC ) visited EMA to gather information on the structure and operations of EMA . The meeting that took place on 18/19 May 2017 aimed at exploring whether EMA could serve as a model for the potential creation of a regional medicines agency for the EAC .
The report about the visit published by EMA and EAC states that , in addition to engaging in other international activities , the establishment of an EAC regional structure is important to sustain the ongoing joint regulatory harmonisation activities . The group also identified the main steps needed to establish such an agency .
The benchmarking study visit concluded that there is political will and a strong commitment of regulators from the EAC to improve public health by ensuring citizens have access to affordable , safe , efficacious and quality medicines .
The EAC is composed of six countries : Burundi , Kenya , Rwanda , South Sudan , Tanzania and Uganda . The delegation that visited EMA in May included the Heads of the national agencies , the EAC Secretariat , and representatives from the World Health Organization ( WHO ) and the World Bank Group .
Former Defence official backs Tony Abbott on turning back the boats
Updated
Australia 's most recent defence attaché to Jakarta says the prospect of conflict with our nearest neighbour is not realistic and that turning asylum seeker boats back to Indonesia can work .
Last week Prime Minister Kevin Rudd warned that the Opposition 's `` stop the boats '' policy could spark a `` diplomatic crisis '' and `` conflict '' with Indonesia .
Mr Rudd has today flown out for talks with Indonesian president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono .
Retired Brigadier Gary Hogan , who finished his three-year posting in Jakarta last year , says it is not realistic to talk about risking conflict with our northern neighbour .
`` I think the strength of our strategic partnership would make that an unlikely scenario , '' he said .
Mr Hogan said he believes the Opposition 's pledge to turn vessels around can work with the help of the Indonesian military .
`` I do think it 's possible for us to push back boats or to intercept boats and to lead them back to their source , '' he told ABC News 24 .
`` We ca n't do it on our own , we must do it with the Indonesians and I think we can do it with the Indonesians .
`` I think it 's possible for us to get that level of cooperation with the Indonesian navy , in fact we already have that level of cooperation with the navy in the eastern end of the Indonesian archipelago . ''
Mr Hogan said Mr Rudd 's recent comments would have been greeted with bemusement in Jakarta .
`` I think the Indonesians wo n't even raise an eyelid . There wo n't be any ruffled feathers , I would n't think , for the Prime Minister to smooth in his meetings later today . ''
Rudd invites Abbott to people-smuggling briefings
Meanwhile , Mr Rudd has written to the Opposition Leader offering him a `` suite '' of high-level national security briefings on the vexing issue of people smuggling .
The ABC has obtained a letter that the Prime Minister sent to Tony Abbott yesterday .
In it , Mr Rudd offers to organise a range of confidential security briefings `` recognising your particular interest in border integrity matters '' .
Indonesian government officials have repeatedly said they would not accept the boats back .
Mr Rudd offered briefings for Mr Abbott , beginning with the head of the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet and the National Security Advisor , to provide `` information on the coordination of all the relevant agencies working on countering people smuggling '' .
Mr Rudd suggests that those discussions could be followed by talks with nine other top-level officials , including the Commissioner of the Australian Federal Police and the heads of the Customs service , ASIO and the Immigration Department .
The Prime Minister has offered to organise the briefings for any day this month in Canberra and has asked for a response by Monday .
However , a spokesman for Mr Abbott has accused the Prime Minister of not taking national security seriously , given that the letter has been leaked to the media .
Topics : federal-government , refugees , immigration , security-intelligence , defence-and-national-security , community-and-society , australia
First posted
Double-decker bus to be tested on routes in East Bay
Double-decker buses , now the province of tourists and tech workers in the Bay Area , will soon be coming to the workaday world of East Bay transit riders . AC Transit plans to roll out a modern double-decker bus Monday to begin a three-week test on a variety of routes .
The idea is to see whether the two-story transit vehicles work as well , or better , at hauling heavy loads of passengers than the extra-long articulated buses that resemble an oversized accordion on wheels . The two-level bus seats 80 people , compared with 57 on tour-bus-like commuter coaches , 52 on articulated buses and 36 on standard 40-foot buses .
AC Transit has seen an increase in ridership the past two years , especially on its transbay routes , and sometimes has to make passengers wait for the next bus .
“ We have been operating Transbay service for more than 50 years , and we want to look at what is the best vehicle that best fits us now , ” AC Transit General Manager David Armijo said in a statement . “ We 've tried a lot of different kinds of coaches . But , until now , we have n't tried this one . ”
The 42-foot-long double-deck bus , with a height of 131/2 feet , will make its maiden voyage Monday morning on the U-line , traveling between Fremont and Stanford University across the Dumbarton Bridge .
The bus will also operate on the FS , L , NX , NX1 and NX2 transbay routes and spend several days on the busy 51B line between the Rockridge BART Station and the Berkeley Marina . Rides on the double-decker bus during the test period will be free . Schedules are available at www.actransit.org/double-decker-bus-pilot-schedule/
“ We want as many people as possible to board it , ride it and , most importantly , give us their feedback , ” said Clarence Johnson , an AC Transit spokesman .
AC will also look at how two-level buses affect the amount of time spent at stops , how easy it is for passengers to navigate the stairs , and how the bus handles in traffic and pulling in and out of stops . But customer acceptance will play a big role .
“ Even if all went well , and we got horrendous feedback , ” Johnson said , “ we would n't put them into service . ”
The transit agency , which operates buses in the western portions of Alameda and Contra Costa counties , has been training a group of drivers and taking the bus out for road tests . Passengers will be asked to heed some extra rules while riding : remain seated on the upper level and do n't use the stairs while the bus is in motion .
After the three-week test , AC staffers will tally results of customer surveys , gather the opinions of drivers and mechanics , and make a recommendation to the transit district 's directors .
“ There 's no time frame yet , ” Johnson said . “ But we 're not talking years , we 're talking months or maybe even weeks . We really want to get a high-capacity vehicle in place as soon as possible . ”
But soon is not necessarily fast . Should AC Transit decide to go with the twin-level buses , the agency would have to solicit bids then award a contract — a process that takes months . Then it would take 12 to18 months for the buses to be built and delivered . The earliest double-deckers would join the AC Transit fleet would be 2017 .
AC Transit would be the first Bay Area public transportation operator to run double-decker buses , Johnson said . And while they 're a fixture in London , and common in other European countries , they 're still relatively rare in the U.S . Transit agencies in Seattle , Davis and Las Vegas regularly run double-decker buses similar to the model being tested .
Michael Cabanatuan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . E-mail : mcabanatuan @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ ctuan
Michael Grunwald is a senior staff writer for Politico Magazine .
Mick Mulvaney , President Trump 's budget director , faced a jarring question Sunday on Face the Nation : Why have Republicans given up trying to rein in spending ? The show 's host , John Dickerson , compared it to Weight Watchers giving up on dieting . Mulvaney sort of challenged the premise , but not with excessive vigor .
“ Well , you 're not giving up entirely on spending , ” Mulvaney said .
Story Continued Below
Mulvaney was a leading spending hawk in Congress before he joined the administration , and the 2018 Trump budget he unveiled this fall was a remarkably hawkish document , calling for drastic rollbacks of spending in almost every nonmilitary area of government . But the Republican-controlled Congress mostly ignored it , and these days , the party 's top priority is clearly tax cuts , with spending cuts relegated to maybe-down-the-road .
The Republican budget resolution that passed Congress on Thursday required no mandatory cuts whatsoever , even though it paved the way for tax cuts that would boost federal deficits by $ 1.5 trillion .
That 's a stark contrast with Trump 's limited-government budget plan , which would have slashed $ 1.7 trillion out of so-called mandatory spending like Medicaid , disability insurance and food stamps over a decade . In fact , the spending trajectory of the federal government has barely changed since Trump took office , except for some increased spending on defense and disaster relief , and significant change does not seem imminent . As Mulvaney told Dickerson : “ There just is n't the political will on the Hill right now . ”
That 's putting it mildly . Congressional Republicans have ignored Trump 's proposals for severe cuts to “ discretionary spending ” like the State Department , the Environmental Protection Agency , and the National Institutes of Health . They still talk about reining in Big Government and taming the national debt , but so far , their governing philosophy looks more like don't-tax-and-spend economics .
“ There 's no doubt that congressional Republicans have a decreased appetite for tackling overspending , ” says Dan Holler , a conservative activist with Heritage Action . “ It 's tough . There 's always resistance . People like spending money . ”
During the Barack Obama presidency , congressional Republicans constantly denounced out-of-control spending ; in 2011 , they almost forced the government into default to extract significant spending cuts from the White House . Now they 're reverting to their habits during the George W. Bush era , when Republicans oversaw a major spending spree on the military , homeland security and even prescription drug coverage .
The GOP has already punted on three belt-tightening opportunities in the Trump era .
First , it flatly rejected Mulvaney 's recommendations for major cuts in the “ omnibus ” spending package for the last several months of 2017 , cutting a status quo deal with Democrats instead . The president grudgingly signed the deal , while threatening to force a government shutdown in September if the 2018 spending package did n't reflect his priorities . But in the wake of Hurricanes Harvey , Irma and Maria , there was n't much of an appetite for austerity in Washington , prompting a second bipartisan deal to maintain the status quo on spending until December .
Republicans had another chance to push spending restraint in their budget resolution . When I was working on a profile of Mulvaney this summer , his former colleagues in the rabble-rousing House Freedom Caucus were refusing to support any resolution that did n't mandate at least $ 400 billion in mandatory spending cuts over 10 years . But Republican moderates balked , and so was conservatives worried about farm subsidies . The standoff continued from July until October , when the Freedom Caucus , worried about the slipping timetable for tax reform , finally agreed to a resolution that mandated only $ 200 billion in spending cuts . And when the Senate version of the resolution did n't mandate anything but tax cuts—along with language authorizing drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge—the caucus caved again . Their only demand was that GOP leaders take up the tax cuts immediately , a fairly ironic ask after they held up the process for months .
“ In Washington , the expectation is always that you 're going to keep spending whatever you 're spending , ” says Senator James Lankford of Oklahoma , another prominent spending hawk on the Hill . “ Cutting spending is seen as a totally radical thing . ”
Mulvaney has always been a limited-government true believer—he got into politics because he thought Republicans were spending too much under Bush—and he 's clearly frustrated his former Hill colleagues do n't share his sense of urgency . But his aides said there 's been at least a bit of movement in the House ; of the $ 54 billion in specific discretionary spending cuts in Trump 's budget , about $ 9 billion were adopted in House spending bills , including cuts to renewable energy programs , global health assistance and popular grants for innovative transportation projects . And the Obamacare repeal bills that the vast majority of Republicans supported would have cut nearly $ 1 trillion out of Medicaid and other health spending .
“ We 're in the process of turning around the battleship , and obviously , it 's a process , ” one senior administration official said . “ But we 're happy warriors . We 'll keep trying , even when Congress does n't want to join the fight . ”
These days , the top priority for the administration as well as congressional Republicans is tax cuts , and Mulvaney 's team believes there might be more appetite for spending cuts after the tax cuts happen . Some liberals fear that they might be right , that Republicans will use the deficits expanded by their tax cuts as a rationale to go after Medicaid and other welfare-state programs favored by Democrats .
“ They 'll say the fiscal outlook is so concerning that they need deep cuts for low-and-moderate-income folks , ” says Joel Friedman , vice president for federal fiscal policy at the left-leaning Center on Budget and Policy Priorities . “ That 's been a standard feature of Republican budgets . I think we need to take it seriously . ”
The tea party movement demonstrated that budget austerity and limited government have some political power as an idea , but actual spending cuts tend to be politically difficult , because the people who lose the most tend to pay the most attention . It 's easier for politicians to give out benefits than take them away ; tax cuts and spending are political ice cream , while tax hikes and spending cuts are broccoli . Trump has shown some willingness to propose cuts in programs that serve his own political base—including an economic development program for Appalachia , subsidies for rural airports , and technical assistance for U.S. factories—but Republicans in Congress have shown little willingness to adopt them .
That dynamic is currently playing out in the debate over disaster aid , as the administration has been gently raising the issue of offsetting cuts for some of the new spending , so far to no avail . There has been friction between Mulvaney 's Office of Management and Budget and the normally conservative Texas congressional delegation , which has requested a massive Harvey relief package that OMB officials consider above and beyond true emergency needs . It included $ 10 billion for vaguely defined Army Corps of Engineers work , more than the annual Army Corps budget for the nation , and $ 300 million for the Economic Development Administration in Texas , even though the Trump budget proposed to eliminate that agency entirely . But Senator John Cornyn of Texas is playing hardball ; he 's vowed to hold up the nomination of Mulvaney 's deputy , Russell Vought , until Texas gets its cash .
“ They 're anxious to add zeroes , ” another senior administration official said . “ We 're going to have an adult conversation about long-term needs . ''
The next big test of Washington 's spending resolve will come in December , when the status quo deal from the fall expires and Congress needs to decide how to fund the government in 2018 . The Budget Control Act that Obama negotiated with the Republicans in 2011 has set tight annual spending caps , but there have been bipartisan deals every year to go over the caps , because Republicans want to spend much more on defense and Democrats want to spend more on nondefense . This summer , Trump and his team were talking tough about vetoing any budget that did n't include his priorities—including cuts to EPA and the State Department as well as more money for the Pentagon and his border wall—but these days , they sound resigned to modest tweaks on the status quo . They say Mulvaney wants to keep lighting the path to restraint , even if Congress does n't follow him right away .
And anyway , tax cuts come first .
“ We can walk and chew gum at the same time , ” the first official said . “ Right now , there 's enormous focus on tax reform . But we 're still figuring out the endgame on appropriations . It 's not getting public attention , but it 's got our attention . ”
Alongside the export juggernaut , though , is another , creakier economy that operates well below its potential and holds back not only Germany but the rest of Europe , some economists say .
This economy is overregulated , intended to insulate insiders from competition and deeply resistant to change . Though Germany 's chancellor , Angela Merkel , often harangues countries like Spain , Italy and Greece to become more competitive , the German economy features some of the same flaws that they do , including protected professions and zoning laws that favor existing businesses over new ones .
“ Germany has what I would call a dual economy , ” said Andreas Wörgötter , a senior economist at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris .
“ On one side , we have this very dynamic , innovative , competitive and refreshingly unsubsidized export sector , ” he said . “ On the other side , there is a much less glamorous services sector which depends on barriers to entry , subsidies and not developing and reaching out for new activities . ”
Mr. Wörgötter oversaw an O.E.C.D report issued last week that amounted to a warning to German leaders not to get complacent . Though the German economy grew a healthy 3 percent last year , it will grow only 0.6 percent this year and 1.9 percent in 2013 , the O.E.C.D . forecast .
On Wednesday , a survey of purchasing managers by the research firm Markit , a closely watched indicator of business sentiment , said that German manufacturing was slowing .
At the end of 2011 , the German economy , the world 's fourth-largest , shrank for the first time since 2009 . The decline in the fourth quarter of 0.2 percent was not as bad as expected , and growth has probably resumed . Still , most economists do not expect brisk growth to return any time soon .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Germany could add about 10 percent to growth over the next decade if it removed barriers to competition and other inefficiencies , according to the O.E.C.D . Surprisingly , the untapped potential in Germany was almost as high as that in Italy and higher than that in Spain , according to the O.E.C.D. , an indication that the German domestic economy is not as superior to its southern neighbors as is often assumed .
Germany 's huge trade surplus , more than 145 billion euros in the first 11 months of 2011 , was partly a tribute to exporters like Siemens , Bosch and Daimler . But it also reflected chronically anemic spending by consumers and businesses on imports .
If Germany built up its services sector , it might buy more products from hard-pressed trading partners like Greece or Spain , whose debt problems are closely tied to their longstanding trade deficits . Everybody would win , the argument goes .
Germany would also become less vulnerable to the economic ups and downs of major markets like America and China , said Ulf M. Schneider , chief executive of Fresenius , a German health care company that is the world 's largest provider of dialysis products and services . Mr. Schneider said he worried about Germany 's dependence on the auto industry .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ If there was a more resilient domestic economy , it would at least cushion things a little bit , ” Mr. Schneider said .
The barriers to entrepreneurship in Germany are often obscure , but cumulatively act as a significant drag on job creation and investment .
For example , two years after a promised deregulation of domestic transportation , intercity long-distance bus service is still effectively prohibited in Germany . The decades-old ban shielded the government-owned rail company , Deutsche Bahn .
“ It 's frustrating , ” said Michael Svedek , chief operating officer of Deutsche Touring , a bus company based in Frankfurt that offers direct service to foreign cities like Istanbul or Belgrade , Serbia , but is still not allowed to operate domestic lines to , say , Munich .
Legislation to open up the market has been creeping through the German Parliament . “ Not a lot is going to happen before the end of the year , ” Mr. Svedek said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Germany has made huge progress in the last decade toward removing strictures on the economy . In the 1990s , stores closed at 6:30 p.m. and were open only a few hours on Saturday , a hardship for working parents . Shops in train stations , which were exempt from the rules , were known to charge extortionate prices during off hours for essentials like disposable diapers .
Now , German states can set their own shop hours , and most have lifted restrictions during the workweek — though Sunday is still taboo in most places . Florists and bakers are typically allowed to open a few hours on Sunday .
Germany has also eased strict licensing rules that required years of qualification even for professions like basket weaver or violin maker .
But years of training are still required to qualify as a house painter , chimney sweep or bicycle mechanic , to name a few examples . The O.E.C.D . has called on Germany to loosen restrictions on advertising and fees , which limit competition among architects , lawyers and engineers .
In 2005 , Germany also changed rules to put more pressure on people to find jobs and make it easier for companies to hire temporary workers . Those changes contributed to a significant decline in the unemployment rate , to 7.3 percent in January from 13 percent in 2005 . German unemployment remained low throughout the recession of 2009 and the debt crisis that followed .
Germany also has its public spending under better control than most of its neighbors . The German government budget deficit in 2011 was 1.1 percent of gross domestic product . At the same time , total debt is about average for the euro zone , equaling 80 percent of G.D.P .
But Germany 's export success seems to have sapped political will to address remaining flaws in the economy , and could lead to a competitiveness gap several years from now .
Recent talk of the powerful German economy has obscured memories of how , not so long ago , the country was considered the sick man of Europe .
“ As great as the export performance is , we forget that we had a significant growth problem for 15 years before that , ” said Mr. Schneider , the Fresenius chief executive . “ If any of these stories come to an end , we are as exposed as anyone . ”
You can now download the OpenVR SDK , the SDK needed to develop for the SteamVR hardware including Vive , SteamVR controllers and Lighthouse . The development kit of SteamVR and Vive are supposed to be shipped sometime this spring . The release of the SDK hints that the shipment date of the Dev kits may be aproaching . If you want to download the SDK you can grab a copy off GitHub . If you 're interested in developing for SteamVR there is still time to sign up for a Dev Kit via Steam .
Applications are now able to access SteamVR hardware using the new OpenVR SDK . The SDK is available for download here [ github.com ] . It provides support for the HTC Vive Developer Edition , including the SteamVR controller and Lighthouse . See the release notes [ github.com ] to learn what has changed from the Steamworks VR . The SDK also includes new documentation [ github.com ] and samples
Along with the OpenVR SDK support has been added to support Unity via the SteamVR Unity Plugin and native SteamVR support in Unreal 4.8 . Both will be available soon .
This SDK release is the next step toward the first major Developer Edition shipment . If you have not yet applied to receive a Developer Edition , there is still time .
– PROGRAMMER JOE
Year after year , when the British Social Attitudes ( BSA ) survey is released , newspaper headlines tell us of how our attitudes to benefits have hardened , feeding this into their wider discussions about the unpopularity of welfare , how our attitudes to one another have changed , and how the major parties should respond .
Last year was an exception , with headlines instead telling us that our attitudes might now be softening , although in my chapter in this year 's report I show how this softening was probably illusory .
But all of this talk of hardening and softening can be misleading . The singular strength of British Social Attitudes is that it allows us to see changes over time – yet we often become so obsessed with the change in the latest data that we forget to actually look at what people are telling us . And when we look at this closely , we do not see the complete collapse of support for the benefits system that many people seem to believe .
Instead , despite real concerns , we see a continued support for many aspects of the benefits system , and in particular that many types of spending should not be cut , that most claimants are not fraudulent , and that benefit levels are not generous .
So for example , BSA asks people if they think spending on benefits for different groups of people should increase , stay the same or decrease , explicitly flagging that this means taxes would rise . Even in 2013 – with politicians of all major parties talking about deficit reduction – more people want increases in spending rather than cuts for each of benefits for pensioners , disabled people , carers , single parents , low-paid workers and welfare benefits for the poor in general .
Indeed , there are outright majorities who want increases in spending on disabled people , carers , and parents working on low incomes . Only for unemployed people do more people want cuts rather than increases , reflecting a long-term decline in support for unemployment benefits across multiple measures .
The British public also does not believe that most benefit claimants are fraudulent . Given how confused public debate has become , it is worth restating this : people are clearly concerned about benefit fraud , but they do not think that every claimant is fraudulent . In BSA , most people ( 77 % ) think that “ large numbers … falsely claim benefits ” . But by “ large numbers ” , they mean ( on average ) a large minority , not a majority , as confirmed in a separate analysis of earlier BSA data ( and surveys elsewhere ) . Hence only minorities in 2013 agreed that “ many people who get social security do n't really deserve any help ” , or that “ most people on the dole are fiddling ” ( both 33 % ) . People 's estimates of the level of fraud are an order of magnitude higher than the best estimates about the real fraud rate , but this does not mean most people think all claimants are fraudulent .
NatCen
A further question rarely seems to be noticed , yet is one of the most intriguing . It describes a hypothetical person who relies on benefits ( last year a 25-year old unemployed woman living alone ) , and asks what living standards this level of income would provide . It then asks the same question , but tells respondents exactly how much they would actually get ( £72 per week after housing costs ) . In 2013 , only a few people ( 7 % ) thought that she would have “ more than enough to live on ” , while nearly half ( 44 % ) thought that she would be not have enough to live on . After finding out the true amount , even more people ( 54 % ) think she would not have enough to live on .
In other words , few people think unemployment benefit is generous , and when they hear how much it is worth , an outright majority think it is not enough to live on . At the same time , more people think unemployment benefits are “ too high and discourage them from finding jobs ” ( 57 % ) , rather than “ too low and cause hardship ” ( 22 % ) . These attitudes can be squared ; most people do n't think that low-paid work provides enough to live on either . Still , people do not seem to think that benefits provide a lavish lifestyle .
This is not to claim that black is white . The survey clearly shows people 's concerns about false claims and work disincentives , and from qualitative research and everyday conversation , it is clear that this angers many people . The headlines over the past decade were also not wrong : attitudes have become much more negative , particularly around unemployment benefits , as the chapter itself catalogues .
Still , this should not blind us to the real attitudes that British people have about the benefits system : declining support , some strong concerns , but still a trust that most claimants are genuine , and a belief that spending on “ deserving claimants ” should increase .
Benefit attitudes are not simply “ hard ” or “ soft ” , but complex and uneven . Creating policies that respond to these conflicted attitudes is tricky – but at least a clearheaded view offers us a good place to start .
“ Romney , and Republicans , will be running on the Romney-Ryan plan no matter what , ” The Weekly Standard wrote . That view was echoed by Newt Gingrich , who lost a bid for the Republican nomination to Mr. Romney .
“ If Romney needs to defend the Paul Ryan budget , there 's no better way than to put Paul Ryan up front to defend it , ” he said , adding that Mr. Ryan could help Mr. Romney in culturally conservative parts of the industrial Midwest .
Photo
The not-so-subtle campaign among conservatives on Mr. Ryan 's behalf may be moot if Mr. Romney has already made up his mind about a running mate , as some political observers believe . It is possible that Mr. Romney could announce his pick as early as this weekend , while on a scheduled bus tour through swing states . Speaking with Chuck Todd of NBC News on Thursday , Mr. Romney said his choice must add “ something to the political discourse about the direction of the country . ”
The names on his shortlist are said to include Mr. Ryan ; Senator Rob Portman of Ohio ; and Tim Pawlenty , the former governor of Minnesota .
But the loud , public calls on Mr. Ryan 's behalf underscore the wariness with which conservatives have treated Mr. Romney . They suggest that some conservatives remain eager for Mr. Romney to demonstrate that he is , in fact , one of them .
Mr. Romney 's campaign added to the concern in the last couple of days on the issue of health care — a source of lingering suspicion among conservatives because Mr. Romney , as governor of Massachusetts , once championed an individual mandate very similar to the one in Mr. Obama 's health law .
In defending Mr. Romney against an attack ad highlighting a cancer patient whose husband lost his job at a steel mill owned by Mr. Romney 's firm , the campaign praised the Massachusetts health care plan . In doing so , the campaign came perilously close in the minds of some conservatives to sounding like the president .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ If people had been in Massachusetts , under Governor Romney 's health care plan , they would have had health care , ” Andrea Saul , a spokeswoman for Mr. Romney , said Tuesday . That prompted Erick Erickson , of the conservative blog Redstate , to write on Twitter : “ OMG . This might just be the moment Mitt Romney lost the election . Wow . ”
But in Iowa earlier , Mr. Romney went out of his way to talk about his health care experience : “ We 've got to do some reforms in health care , and I have some experience doing that , as you know . ”
Polls suggest that Mr. Romney 's transition from primary candidate to presumptive nominee has deeply unified Republicans around his candidacy . Conservative support for Mr. Romney is strong in part because of a dislike of President Obama .
Photo
But Mr. Romney could energize conservatives and spur turnout even more by picking someone seen by the most ardent members of that group as someone who will be an uncompromising advocate for conservative principles inside a Romney White House .
The argument is about politics and about governing .
Advocates for Mr. Ryan argue that he would be a boon to Mr. Romney on the ballot by cementing in voters ' minds an economic vision for the country that is very different than Mr. Obama 's .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ The House budget chairman has defined those stakes well as a generational choice about the role of government and whether America will once again become a growth economy or sink into interest-group dominated decline , ” The Journal wrote .
But conservatives are also looking past November to the kind of White House they want should Mr. Romney win .
For some of those conservatives , a Romney administration stocked with moderate Republicans is almost as bad as a second term for Mr. Obama . And for some of them , even Mr. Ryan is not conservative enough .
Richard Viguerie , the conservative direct mail pioneer , called him “ a nice guy ” but said , “ He is not Tea Party . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ He 's part of the Washington crowd , ” Mr. Viguerie said Thursday . “ His solution is basically a version of Washington , D.C. , insanity . His proposal does n't balance the budget for 28 years . ”
Mr. Viguerie said a ticket made up of Washington stalwarts would not motivate conservatives to work hard for Mr. Romney in the fall .
“ Since Romney was not the first , second or third choice of most grass-roots conservatives and he spent massive amounts of money trashing conservative candidates , there is a lot of healing that needs to take place , ” he said .
“ Prisons are the stuff of fantasy , but there 's nothing spectacular about the reality I experienced there , ” writes French photographer Grégoire Korganow in the artist notes for his current show Prisons : 2011–2014 at the Maison Européenne de la Photographie ( MEP ) from Feb 4th-May 4th , 2015 . “ What really turns the ordinary into a nightmare and creates the hell of incarceration , ” he continues , “ are the multiple and repeated acts of degrading treatment — demeaning rules , solitude , promiscuity , insalubrity , idleness , absence of prospect , discomfort. ” According to Korganow , a suicide attempt is made every three days in French prisons .
© Grégoire Korganow pour le CGPL © Grégoire Korganow pour le CGPL
The Photographer Who Became Prison Inspector MEP is presenting 100 of Korganow 's photographs for the first time . He began making photographs in French prisons in 2010 during the filming for the documentary film by Stéphane Mercurio , In the Shadow of the Republic which describes the work of Jean Marie Delarue , The Comptroller General of Places of Deprivation of Liberty ( CGPL ) . When filming wrapped up , Delarue asked Korganow if he 'd join his team and make a document and inventory of contemporary French prisons . It was an unprecedented , unorthodox and remarkable opportunity . Between January 2011 to January 2014 , Korganow photographed twenty prisons — remaining in each for between five and ten days .
Distribution des cantines , 2010 . © Grégoire korganow pour le CGPL .
“ I penetrated to the heart of incarceration in France , ” says Korganow . “ I could photograph everything , inside the cells , the exercise yard , visiting rooms , showers , a solitary confinement … day or night . No place was forbidden. ” Delarue and Korganow had an agreement . Any and all of Korganow 's images could be used to illustrate CGPL reports . Then , at the end of Delarue 's term in May 2014 , Korganow was free to publish the work wherever he chose . “ This is a first in France , ” says Korganow . “ Never before has a photographer moved so freely in prisons . ”
© Grégoire Korganow pour le CGPL © Grégoire Korganow pour le CGPL
Tentative First Footsteps Inside Korganow admits to apprehension in the beginning . “ I wondered how those detained would welcome me . I too had a caricature of the prison and was afraid of not being able to return in connection with them. ” Korganow wrote for Vice . “ My relationship with detainees were frank . I spent a lot of time listening to them because the prison is a place that suffers from a lack of listening . I did not judge or ask them what they had done . I was benevolent , sometimes even when some inmates were unsympathetic to me . Fights between detainees are common . They start with a pair of coveted sneakers , a debt of cigarettes or a dirty look . I noticed that they were often brief , silent and extremely brutal. ” “ It 's this closeness of confinement I 'm trying to capture in colour , up close and personal , with no effects , ” explains Korganow to MEP . As best he can Korganow avoids focusing on faces and individuality . He does n't want viewers to get stuck on speculations of who and what the prisoners are and did . Instead he tries to unleash an emotive narrative that describes the oppression of the place .
© Grégoire Korganow pour le CGPL
“ I use little touches , soak up the geography of the prison , the light , sounds , smells and stories of the inmates . I capture the inexpressible , time standing still , life shrinking , fading , ” he says . I offer the possibility to feel [ the prison ] . ” Baumettes Jail in Marseille was the worst Korganow encountered — deplorable dirt , odor , noise or “ Hell ! ” as he describes it . The photos were later published in the French outlet under the title ‘ Prison of Shame ' .
© Grégoire Korganow pour le CGPL
Within a Tradition of French Prison Photography Korganow has made the most of his phenomenal access producing an unrivaled and varied of body of work about the French prisons . Nothing as engaging has emerged since Mohamed Bourouissa 's Temps Mort , Mathieu Pernot , Les Hurleurs , and ( going way back ) Jean Gaumy 's Les Incarcérés . TimeOut Paris feels Korganow 's study deserves a place alongside the great social documentary of the medium — beside Lewis Hine 's factories , Charles Nègre 's asylums and Jacob Riis 's slums . “ It 's a hard-hitting show , but without drama or ‘ miserabilism ' , ” writes TimeOut .
© Grégoire Korganow pour le CGPL .
Salle d'attente , 2012 . ( left ) ; Parloir , 2012 ( right ) . © Grégoire Korganow pour le CGPL .
© Grégoire Korganow pour le CGPL .
It 's a bleak picture for sure . Pay attention to any individual aspect of the work and you are rewarded . The color of his images is dirty . In an effective way . You understand ? To me it feels tainted . True colors fall away and dissipate under the weight of the hardware , walls and grills they coat . Everything is tinged , chipped damaged . Colour plays second fiddle to line . Form and line themselves describe constant claustrophobia .
Ronde de nuit , 2010 . © Grégoire Korganow pour le CGPL .
Subtly , at first , and then over time building to a cacophony , is Korganow 's use of windows , apertures and grates . His near anonymous subjects peer out and through portholes . In many cases , this use of inside/outside metaphor and a yearning for the great beyond comes across as trite in other photographic series of prisons …but not in Korganow 's Prisons . Korganow succeeds in his aim to describe the foreign , oft-fantasied world of prisons . He presents a milieu defined by its fabric and that fabric assumes it 's own operative force . Korganow recalls meeting a 36-year-old prisoner . He 'd been locked away aged 19 , on an original sentence of 3-years . “ He had accumulated an incredible amount of penalties for offenses committed within the prison — abuse , violence , arson , etc , “ Korganow wrote for Vice . “ He who refuses to submit to the authority of the prison administration will probably never be released . He is buried alive. ” When the not so young man spoke to Korganow , his release date was 2040 .
Energy has become a “ hot topic ” in recent years . From green energy over climate change and geopolitics , to the unaddressed and growing needs of the emerging countries , it 's an issue that has been discussed all over the world . To escape the crash course set out by our ( not always wise ) activities , we are advised to start looking for alternative patterns of development . We are told that more efficiency and better technology will lead us to a “ green society ” . Because of that , both the environment and our lifestyle will be saved and can go on indefinitely .
But is it really that easy ? Is it really possible that more and better technology can solve these problems ?
A History of Constraints
Undoubtedly , what sets us , living in the Western world , apart from our ancestors living hundreds of years ago is the level of affluence . The wealth achievable by pre-modern societies was severely limited by a fluctuating amount of resources . When the standard of living rose there was always a turning point when population outgrew resources . In other words , there was a glass ceiling that constrained development and made human life cyclical . Simple economic laws tell us why this was so . There are three basic factors of production – land , labour and physical capital – which are inputs to the production process . Following his well-known colleague Malthus , the British economist Ricardo wrote that if at least one of these three is fixed then the rising input of any other will ultimately provide diminishing returns . This meant that as population grew food prices also increased , simply because the available land was fixed and supply did not meet demand . This system pulled real wages down , causing fertility to fall . As a result , the population stopped growing and the cycle repeated . For this reason , constrained populations were perceived in a positive way , whereas evolutions that improved living standards were considered harmful . This is an astonishing and counter-intuitive reversal of the modern logic where “ more is better ” .
What happened during the Industrial Revolution is that these limits were broken . People realized that they could substitute some factors of production by using energy from coal . As a result they started using labour-saving technology to produce more goods . Cheap energy is indispensable in order to multiply the amount of physical capital needed for self-sustaining creation . Modern devices can only be made by other precise machines — which can only function if propelled by energy . We have saved our lands as we do not use animals any longer to produce power , allowing us to produce more food and let populations grow . The mechanization of agriculture has further strengthened this effect . The process of human development in the last two centuries can therefore be seen as the continuous spread of the law of substitution .
Building on this we created the structures of modern , enormously complex societies where the majority of people do not work in the agricultural or industrial professions . The downside of this is that we have become addicted to energy . We do not even realize how far the substitution goes . Everyday millions , if not billions of people commute and work in jobs that would not have been created in pre-modern times . This can not be sustained without a constant flow of energy . We are able to work in service jobs because fossil fuels do the job that was previously done by human muscle . It is no exaggeration to say that everyone in the developed world has the equivalent of countless slaves at his or her disposal . Energy is embodied in our daily behaviour : working , commuting , living . In effect , the average person in the developed world uses 40,000 times more energy than a pre-historic hunter-gatherer , consuming 230,000 kilocalories a day compared with about 5,000 kilocalories a day 100,000 years ago . The energy addiction can especially be observed in cities where all the critical systems that provide us with essential services — such as transportation , heating , food — are fully dependent on the continuous and uninterrupted access to energy . Just imagine a blackout lasting few days to realize how addicted we are to electricity . As the urban fraction is growing faster than the overall population , the vulnerability of the global population to energy disruptions is severely increasing .
Unlimited Energy ?
It is therefore very popular these days today to argue for energy efficiency , which should help us to combat climate change and increase our energy independence . This kind of thinking is delusive . Even though the effectiveness of current energy converters is absolutely incomparable to 18th century machines , high energy efficiency can be a disadvantage as much as an advantage . The problem is that it has helped to spread the substitution law worldwide . The issue was identified around 150 years ago , when the British economist Jevons observed that an increase in efficiency speeds up the spread of innovation , and , finally , the rise of overall consumption rates . Thus , efficiency , conservation , and technological improvement may actually worsen our energy prospects because once the cost of consuming a valued resource decreases , people will respond by increased consumption . Between 1950 and 2005 the energy efficiency of the US economy more than doubled , but the aggregate consumption of commercial energy actually tripled ! The more effective our devices are , the more incentives people have to use them , and the more we are locked-in .
More unconventional alternative sources have been developed quite recently . The current shale gas revolution occurring in the US looks very promising , does n't it ? Aside from this example , there are other sources of unconventional fossil fuels like tar sands or deep-sea drillings for conventional oil and gas .
Unfortunately , the problems come in packages with these new energy sources . Their production is technologically and environmentally more challenging compared conventional sources . Its production is in itself also more energy-intensive , which means that a significant portion of the energy gained needs to be reinvested into the extraction of the next unit . This adds to already higher exploration and production costs . Separation of the oil and sand involves large quantities of water and energy for steam injection and refining . Nowadays , oil from the oil sands in the Alberta province of Canada – a land-locked and US-oriented exporter – is already cheaper than that from shale in the US . Yet , as Canada will be severely hit by these low prices , it indicates that its real price should be way higher . Marginal costs of production are higher for unconventional sources and renewables . Finally , the environmental risks involved in such production are various in character and include oil spillages , contamination of ground and freshwater , greenhouse gas emission and the release of toxic materials .
With the expanding global middle class and the increasing use of ever more energy-intensive technologies in homes and workplaces it is getting more and more difficult to satisfy this rapidly increasing demand for energy . Moreover , to do this with respect for the environment is becoming a mission impossible , and this without even mentioning the question of resource depletion . Humanity seems to be locked-in in a certain path of development . Cheap energy certainly provided a share of the global population with a satisfying level of wealth and a good quality of living . Yet , these people have no right to limit the access of the poor aspiring to enhance their way of life . However , the spread of the substitution law , multiplied by rising efficiency , provides strong incentive for increase in energy demand and , in effect , higher overall energy consumption . As we are unable to resign voluntarily from what we have achieved or consciously decrease the level of energy consumption , this seems to be a global vicious circle . Hence , technological solutions will not solve our problems . Rather , by keeping us addicted to cheap energy , they might well make our future even worse .
( MintPress ) – “ I saw some of the most vile things humans can inflict on others as a police officer in Los Angeles . Unfortunately , it was n't in the streets of LA . It was in the confounds of the Los Angeles Police Department ( LAPD ) police stations and shops ( cruisers ) . The enemy combatants in LA are not the citizens and suspects , it 's the police officers , ” wrote former officer Christopher Dorner in his departing manifesto .
Dorner 's searing critiques of his former employer have largely been lost amid sensational headlines about manhunts , shootouts and murder during the nearly two-week saga .
The Memory of Rodney King
Many of the late Dorner 's criticisms harks back to the Watts riots of 1992 and the preceding Rodney King trial . King , an African American construction worker was beaten by 4 LAPD officers after a high speed car chase . The excessive use of force was observed by eyewitnesses who observed the assault from nearby apartment buildings .
After the four officers were acquitted of all charges , riots broke out in the impoverished Los Angeles community of Watts , resulting in the deaths of 53 citizens and more than 2,000 reported injuries .
The Watts riots , among the worst in U.S. history , resulted in a full-scale deployment of national guardsmen to subdue the unrest . Dorner noted that virtually nothing has changed since the blatant abuse of police power , writing , “ The department has not changed since the Rampart and Rodney King days . It has gotten worse . ”
Dorner elaborated saying that August 2007 he had reported an officer for physically assaulting a suspect , a clear use of excessive force Dorner observed while he was assigned as a patrol officer to the LAPD 's Harbor Division .
Dorner adds , “ While cuffing , the officer kicked the suspect twice in the chest and once in the face . The kick to the face left a visible injury on the left cheek below the eye . Unfortunately after reporting it to supervisors and investigated by PSB ( internal affairs ) nothing was done . ”
Dorner also called out the culture of racism while observing fellow officers regularly using racial slurs against African Americans . In one particular incident , Dorner reported another officer for “ singing a nazi youth song about burning Jewish ghettos. ” Again , nothing was done to discipline the guilty party .
After being demoted and discipled , Dorner continued to call out injustice where he saw it . Speaking about a female colleague also guilty of assaulting suspects Dorner writes ,
“ She found it very funny and entertaining to draw blood from suspects and arrestees . At one point she even intentionally ripped the flesh off the arm of a woman we had arrested for battery ( sprayed her neighbor with a garden water hose ) . Knowing the woman had thin elastic skin , she performed an Indian burn to the woman 's arm after cuffing her . ”
Dorner was eventually dismissed January 2009 from the LAPD . When officers conspired against him in an attempt to bring him down . He concludes that he , “ lost complete faith in the system , when the system betrayed , slandered , and libeled me . ”
By breaking the barrier of silence and calling out misconduct , Dorner drew the ire of his colleagues . More recent riots show that his complaints are part of a much larger problem .
Riots in Anaheim , CA erupted after the suspicious police killings of 2 Latino youths . An unarmed man , Manuel Diaz , who police say was a gang member , was shot and killed on July 21 .
The following day Anaheim resident Joel Acevedo was killed by police after he allegedly fired a handgun at officers . Hundreds of protesters took to the streets in the days that followed to protest the deaths of Diaz and Acevedo , individuals that local residents believe were unjustly targeted by authorities .
Protests escalated considerably after officers began to employ violent force to subdue the protests . Police fired bean-bag rounds and pepper spray into crowds filled with women and children during the 10 days of outrage that followed the police killings .
Scholars and community members note that police brutality is one factor driving these uprisings . Economic and social inequalities are also contributory factors in these types of actions .
“ What we have here is concentrated power in the hands of a wealthy minority , a working-class and working-poor Latino majority that feels it has no voice coupled with completely uneven distribution of the city 's resources . And then , the deaths of two young Latino men in the span of one weekend , ” said Jose Moreno , a California State University-Long Beach professor shortly after the Anaheim riots
The problem is not one specific only to police in Southern California . The Cato Institute , a libertarian think tank based in Washington D.C. tracks cases of police brutality nationally .
From January 2010 through December 2010 the National Police Misconduct Statistics and Reporting Project recorded 4,861 unique reports of police misconduct that involved 6,613 sworn law enforcement officers and 6,826 alleged victims .
Previously a 2007 study examining 10,000 citizen allegations of abuse against the Chicago Police Department found that internal police review boards exercised disciplinary action in only 19 of the 10,000 cases .
The study was conducted by University of Chicago law professor Craig B. Futterman and the Invisible Institute , a Chicago-based organization that works on social justice projects .
Rather than using public resources to investigate cases of police abuse , authorities sought to silence a whistleblower who blew the lid on LAPD misconduct .
In the process of hunting down Dorner , LAPD officers shot two innocent civilians Thursday after officers spotted a truck matching the description of the one Dorner was last seen driving . Officers spotted the truck and fired at the vehicle hitting both the driver and the passenger .
Both innocents turned out to be newspaper carriers . The victims were transported to a nearby hospital . One suffered a minor gunshot wound and is being released . The other had two gunshot wounds and is reportedly in stable condition .
The reckless abuse of police power Dorner sought to expose was evident even in the search that ended in his demise .
The TCG Meta Snapshot is a project by some of the writers at YGOPRODeck that aims to encapsulate the state of the meta for a given 1-2 week period . The TCG Meta Snapshot also aims to rank decks in a somewhat looser tier system than the one used on Pojo . The tiers that we will use are as follows :
Tier 1 : Highly Competitive Meta Decks . 10 % or more of tops , as ranked by Pojo . This will roughly correspond to Pojo 's Tier 1 , with some overlap into Pojo 's Tier 2 .
Tier 2 : Semi-Competitive Meta Decks . Less than 10 % of tops , as ranked by Pojo . Corresponds to the rest of Pojo 's Tier 2 , Pojo 's Tier 3 , and Rogue .
Tier 3 : Semi-Competitive non-Meta/Rogue decks . 1-2 tops . Specifically includes decks that top small events or get lower rankings at medium events . Can also include decks that can potentially top but have not yet in a given format .
Tier 4 : Casually Competitive non-Meta decks . Decks that can compete at the locals level , but can not top an event .
Archetype Explanation
Infernoids are a deck that first became competitive in 2015 . They have stayed relevant to some degree through the use of various techs and engines since then . The deck 's play style revolves around milling their own deck in order to get a large number of Infernoid monsters in the Graveyard . These monsters can then be banished to summon out the very powerful high level Infernoid monsters such as Infernoid Devyaty or Infernoid Onuncu . The deck generally focuses more on breaking opposing boards instead of making their own unbreakable boards , but more recent support such as Void Feast allows them to also go first by getting multiple negates .
Tier Ranking
Although the November 2017 Forbidden List format has n't fully taken shape yet , Infernoids have steadily proven themselves as a viable contender on the edges of the meta . Since the release of Circuit Break , the deck has gotten a handful of tops at regionals and most recently Top 16 at the first ARG run under the new Forbidden List . All things considered , this places Infernoids near the bottom of Tier 2 .
Decklists
There are several variants of Infernoids that are usable , but the only variant that has seen competitive success recently has been the 60 card Lightsworn variant . The two lists we will be looking at are the Top 16 Lightsworn Infernoid list from ARG CS St. Louis on November 4-5 and the 3rd Place London Mega Regionals list .
The first list we 're looking at is the Lightsworn Infernoid decklist that got 3rd place at the YCS London Mega Regionals on October 28 . The deck has a few interesting choices that merit going over . The first of these are in the Lightsworn line-up . While the general philosophy behind a Lightsworn engine in Infernoids in the past has been to run as few Lightsworn monsters as possible , this list chose to run 6 . Lumina is useful due to her allowing for both easier Link summons and a quick Black Rose Dragon while also allowing more consistent usage of Raiden even after he 's sent to the Graveyard .
Running 3 Wulf is also very strong due to its synergy with That Grass Looks Greener . Wulf gives the mills from That Grass Looks Greener immediate value that they might not otherwise have if only Infernoid monsters were being milled .
The Infernoid lineup in this list is relatively standard with the only non-standard ratio being the inclusion of only 2 copies of Infernoid Seitsemas which is usually run at 3 in most competitive Infernoid builds . The Void Spell and Trap lineup is also relatively standard except for the interesting choice of including only a single copy of Void Feast . While Void Feast is an extremely powerful card , this particular variant of the deck focuses more on going second making Void Feast non-essential to the deck 's strategy . This separates it somewhat from the much more Void Feast focused builds that we had seen earlier in the year during Zoodiac format .
Outside of the core engine cards , this list also runs a decent number of cards specifically for going second . These include running the max number of board wipes including Raigeki , Dark Hole , Interrupted Kaiju Slumber , and 3 copies of Evenly Matched in the main deck . Altogether , these cards almost guarantee that the deck will be able to break the opponent 's board when going second .
This second list is Alex Simpson 's 60 Card Lightsworn Infernoid deck that got Top 16 at the ARG CS St. Louis on November 4-5 . The list has a lot of similarities to the Mega Regionals list , but with several notable tweaks in regards to ratios and tech choices . The first of these is to the Lightsworn engine itself . Simpson opted not to play Lumina , but further expanded the Lightsworn engine in the deck by playing 3 copies of Solar Recharge .
Playing Solar Recharge theoretically gives the deck less bricks in regards to having too many Lightsworn monsters in hand . While Raiden is a very good card , its need to be Normal Summoned can often conflict with Infernoid Decatron . Solar Recharge gives an outlet for generating advantage off of these cards when they would otherwise be dead in the hand .
The next interesting choice was Simpson 's slightly lower number of hand traps , only opting to main deck 2 copies of Ash Blossom and 1 Maxx “ C ” . This goes very much in the opposite direction from the general philosophy of the format to run as many hand traps as possible . However , with the deck 's focus on milling , hand traps lose much of their normal luster .
The Infernoid lineup that Simpson chose to run is relatively standard and is complemented by a full Void Spell and Trap lineup , with 3 copies of Void Vanishment and Void Feast as well as 2 copies of Void Imagination . These ratios are much more targeted at actually resolving Void Feast than the Mega Regionals list which is definitely a viable choice considering how powerful Void Feast is when properly resolved .
Tech Choices
One of the biggest tech options for Infernoids going forward will definitely be Fire King Avatar Arvata . This card is a level 4 Beast-Warrior , making it searchable by Fire Formation Tenki . Its effect allows for non-once per turn negation of effects , so long as you have FIRE monsters in hand or on the field besides Arvata . The price of this negation is to destroy the monsters , but considering how Infernoids can be summoned and/or used as resources from the Graveyard , this cost is largely mitigated .
A similar choice to Fire King Avatar Arvata is Amano-Iwato . This is a Spirit monster that offers blanket prevention of monster effects from non-Spirit monsters at no cost . The main drawback to the card is that it is a Spirit monster itself , so it can only offer protection from effects during your own turn . Amano-Iwato also needs to be Normal Summoned every turn if its effect negation is still desired . These drawbacks combined with the card 's low level of searchability when compared to Arvata make it the weaker choice between the two .
Another very viable tech option is the inclusion of PSY-Framegear Gamma . This hand trap can negate monster effects so long as you have an empty field . It can be particularly useful as a counter for Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring when it used against your That Grass Looks Greener or Void Feast .
Matchups
SPYRAL
Although the November 2017 Forbidden List dropped the deck 's consistency , SPYRAL is looking like it will remain very solidly at the top of the meta . Fortunately , Infernoids already had a relatively good SPYRAL matchup and the Forbidden List only improves it . When going second , breaking the opponent 's board should be relatively easy if a board wipe and a Kaiju can be used in tandem to get past SPYRAL Sleeper and/or Tri-Gate Wizard . Going first , the deck is very powerful as Void Feast can offer up sufficient negates to stop SPYRAL from getting off the ground while the general Graveyard banishing effect of the lower level Infernoid monsters can be particularly deadly in banishing the opponent 's only copy of Quik Fix or Drone .
The best cards to side against the deck have n't really changed from the previous format , consisting primarily of hand traps such as Ghost Reaper & Winter Cherries and Droll & Lock Bird . Evenly Matched is also particularly effective now that Set Rotation is Limited .
Trickstar
Trickstars have been consistently proving themselves as a high level contender in the post-Circuit Break meta , so they should be accordingly planned for . Going second against Trickstars can be particularly dangerous considering the risk of getting your entire hand removed by Trickstar Reincarnation and Droll & Lock Bird . However , barring that combo , many of Trickstar 's normal tactics can prove less than effective against Infernoids . As Infernoids primarily focuses on milling instead of searching , Trickstar Lycoris will burn less and Droll & Lock Bird will be far less effective .
The main counters that can be made against the deck are more hand traps and backrow removal such as Twin Twisters to reduce hand size and force out their trap cards .
Pendulum Magicians
Pendulum Magicians have a variable matchup against Infernoids . The fact that the deck 's removal and negation usually banishes is very helpful in dealing with Magicians . However , the fact that Magicians do n't use the Graveyard nullifies the benefits offered by the generic Infernoid effect to banish from the Graveyard . Time Pendulumgraph can also be extremely dangerous if used correctly due to the relatively low number of monsters that Infernoids can usually put onto the board without successfully resolving either That Grass Looks Greener or Void Feast .
To counter the deck , backrow removal such as Twin Twisters and/or Cosmic Cyclone are highly recommended . Anti-Spell Fragrance can also be a reasonable side deck inclusion as it will completely shut Magicians off , usually for long enough that you can generate a sizable amount of card advantage .
Burning Abyss
The Burning Abyss matchup has always been very good for Infernoids . This is primarily due to the shared effect amongst all low level Infernoids to banish a card from the opponent 's Graveyard as a quick effect . This effect , especially in the regions of the TCG that adhere to North American rulings , can be particularly deadly . This is because In North america , cards that require being sent to a specific location ( in this case the Graveyard ) to trigger , must still be in that location when attempting to activate their effects . This means that if Dante , Traveler of the Burning Abyss mills a Burning Abyss monster as cost for its effect , an Infernoid monster can chain to Dante and banish that Burning Abyss monster , meaning it wo n't be able to resolve its effect .
Outside of this ruling , the Infernoids can also be used to banish the targets of Dante and Cir before they can be recycled . This can be especially deadly when banishing a Burning Abyss player 's only copy of Cir or Graff . Overall , there really are n't any specific cards that really need to be sided against Burning Abyss .
No one will face criminal charges in the shooting death of a Bloomfield , Iowa man .
Clinton Gus Leedom , 49 , was found shot to death on July 21 in his rural Bloomfield home .
Leedom 's death was ruled a homicide at the time .
However , the Wapello County Attorney 's Office has determined that no crime was committed .
The investigation revealed that Leedom a history of domestic violence and had repeatedly threatened to kill his wife .
On the day of his death , Leedom had threatend her with a large bayonet style knife .
At several points during the altercation , Leedom held the knife to her throat and head .
It was during one of these instances that Leedom 's wife fired the fatal shot .
The county attorney ruled that the killing of Leedom was a legally justified act of self-defense.View the press release from the Wapello County Attorney
Previous story .... Bloomfield man fatally shot outside Ottumwa
Despite the fact that the Minnesota Vikings have released their first depth chart , the head coach of the Vikings is not revealing the names of some of his starters .
A couple of positions on defense , notably the strong safety and middle linebacker positions , appeared to be in question when the Vikings concluded the pre-season and made the moves to create the 53-man roster . On Tuesday , however , head coach Mike Zimmer said that he knows who will be starting on Sunday . . .he just is n't telling anybody .
`` We 'll see how it goes in practice this week , '' Zimmer said . . . . As for the middle linebacker , with Jasper Brinkley ahead of Audie Cole , Zimmer said he 's decided , without revealing the starter following practice on Monday . Same for nickel cornerback , between Josh Robinson and Marcus Sherels . Those announcements will come on Sunday before kickoff at St. Louis , Zimmer said .
Personally , I 'm not totally sure if keeping these things close to the vest is going to affect how the St. Louis Rams go about their game-planning for Sunday 's opener . But if that 's how the man wants to handle things , that 's the way it 's going to be .
Perhaps you ca n't flim flam the Zim Zam . . .but he can certainly flim flam you .
For most people who identify themselves as techies , Tesla 's Model S is something of a dream car . The all-electric vehicle accelerates fast , can maintain a high top speed , has a range of up to 300 miles , and packs a 17-inch flat panel display with a Linux-based computer system that provides access to just about every aspect of the car 's performance and entertainment system .
( Watch an IDG test drive of the Model S with details on its high-tech systems on YouTube . )
It 's perhaps no wonder that thousands of the cars have been reserved , even though Tesla has only just started delivering them to customers . IDG News Service spoke to JB Straubel , chief technology officer for Tesla , about the Model S , its design and technology , and his outlook on electric vehicle technology . Here 's what he said .
IDGNS : When you get into the Model S , this 17-inch flat-panel screen dominates the interior . Was that how you intended it , or did the design evolve that way ?
JB Straubel : We did want to make a statement and package as much touchscreen as we could . Tesla is very much trying to drive forward the usability , technology and infotainment as well as the propulsion and the electric drive . It was a key design point from the very beginning .
IDGNS : What type of batteries are you using ?
JBS : They are all Lithium-ion batteries , that gives us the best range and the best power and also life . We 've exclusively used Lithium-ion batteries since the Roadster and into the Model S. These are made in Japan . We work with several notable companies in Japan and also elsewhere in Asia . We buy the cells and integrate that into a battery pack with cooling and electronics , and build that here .
IDGNS : What is the state of Lithium-ion battery technology today ? It seems that for any gadget powered by Lithium-ion , longer life is always critical .
JBS : Technology in these batteries is constantly improving . It 's a pretty exciting thing from a car point of view . Today , we 're just at a tipping point where it 's possible for the first time ever to build an electric vehicle that has a range similar to a gasoline vehicle . This car has 300 miles of range , and the Lithium-ion batteries are getting better [ by ] maybe 7 or 8 percent every year . A little bit more energy and range , and also the cost is improving . So , it 's a very exciting time , and vehicles we 'll build 10 years from now could have almost potentially twice the range of today , or a battery pack that weighed half as much as the battery packs we have today .
IDGNS : When it comes to your customers , or potential customers , is the range a worry ? As it 's all electric , you ca n't just fill it up with more gasoline . Is that somewhat of a psychological barrier ?
JBS : Certainly , our customers are a little more technically savvy . They are early adopters at some level . Still , 300 miles gives you more freedom and utility than any other EV today , and particularly with this car , we are rolling out a network of what we call superchargers that can refuel the car in about 30 to 45 minutes . That 's something we are pioneering here in California so customers can drive 500 , 600 , even 1,000 miles a day if they want , stopping only for 20 to 30 minutes in the middle for a quick recharge .
IDGNS : When you talk about your customers being early adopters , where would you like the company to go ? Is it always going to be a luxury carmaker , or are you hoping to become a mass-market carmaker at one stage ?
JBS : I think the Model S is really a transition product . The Roadster was really for die-hard fans and people who either loved performance or technology . The Model S is bridging that gap . We see customers with Model S that are much more mainstream . Tesla 's goal is to advance the boundaries of electric vehicle technology and eventually drive a revolution in the whole industry . So we would love to see every car on the road being electric as soon as possible . We wo n't build all of those , but we definitely want to change the mindset and people 's barriers about what they think is possible . I think Tesla will remain a brand where we focus on performance and fun driving but we are also driving down the price of our vehicles with each successive generation . So the Model S is about half the price of the Roadster and we are already working on our third-generation platform beyond this , which will be much cheaper still , maybe about US $ 30,000 .
IDGNS : I 'd like to ask you a couple of technology questions . When you look at all the areas of the car , what are the one or two areas that you are putting your most investment into , or the areas that need the biggest push at the moment ?
JBS : Batteries are still near the top of that list . It 's still one of the most important areas in the vehicle . Also , software is very critical to us , and we invest a lot of effort and engineering into very good software . That 's part of what gives the car its very smooth feel , and when you drive it , the accelerator pedal responds very quickly and smoothly . Also having very high torque : That 's part of the control of the motor . Those are a couple of the key areas ; I would say batteries and software are two of the big ones . Also aluminum structures , very lightweight vehicles . This is one of the lightest weight chassis of any car on the market .
IDGNS : Tell me about the software in the car .
JBS : We wrote most of the software in the car ourselves . All of the screens you see were programmed here , designed here , and we have a whole team of software engineers upstairs implementing that and making it a reality . We are using an operating system that is a version of something called Linux . That is open source , very robust standard , for the display and entertainment . For the control and motor and things like that , we do n't have operating systems . They run in a lower level and are actually running C code , so we have engineers upstairs writing in the C programming language , building the control loops from scratch . We write it , we model it , we test it here .
IDGNS : So if the Linux crashes , the car wo n't go off the road ?
JBS : That 's a key point . The whole entertainment system , those touchscreens , all of the applications you might load are totally separate from the propulsion of the car . In fact you could , if you had to , turn off the screens in the car while driving and the car still drives just fine . You could n't see your Google Map , but you could still drive and stop and do everything else .
Martyn Williams covers mobile telecoms , Silicon Valley and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service . Follow Martyn on Twitter at @ martyn_williams . Martyn 's e-mail address is martyn_williams @ idg.com
Is it possible to give birth in space ? What would be required to do this other than general hospital tools ? Would there be a problem because of the lack of gravity ?
NASA funds research programs devoted to studying a variety of aspects of living in space including the possibility of growing plants to the physical effects on the human body in a zero-gravity environment . These experiments are still in their very early stages since space travel itself is relatively new .
A woman has yet to give birth on a shuttle or in the Space Station nor has a pregnant woman even traveled in space . However , a few studies have sent pregnant rats into space so the development of the ( Earth-born ) babies could be investigated .
In 1983 the Soviet Union launched a satellite with a pregnant rat on board and found the trip was harder on the mother than on the fetuses . Once the babies were born upon returning to Earth they were only slightly thinner and weaker than their Earth-based counterparts and lagged behind a bit in their mental development although they eventually caught up . The mother lost a quarter of her body weight and had notable changes in her hormonal and endocrine systems .
More recently in 2001 biologists Jeffrey Alberts of Indiana University and April Ronca of the NASA Ames Research Center sent 20 pregnant rats into space to determine some of the effects the zero-gravity environment had on the fetuses . The rats were sent in the middle of their pregnancies when the vestibular systems were beginning to develop in the fetuses . ( The vestibular system in humans is a network of channels and sacs of fluid in the inner ear that regulates balance . ) The experiment was meant to vaguely mimic research done in the 1960 's on humans that determined a certain amount of light and sound stimuli were necessary during crucial periods of pregnancy to develop vision and hearing in the baby .
The mothers and babies fared much better in this experiment than in the 1983 study . The mothers gave birth to normal-sized babies and were able to lactate and care for them normally . Even after the muscle mass lost due to the lack of gravity the labor contractions did not pose a problem for the mothers . There were noticeable effects on the vestibular systems of the space-based rat infants , however . The Earth-based babies were able to immediately right themselves upon being turned on their backs in water . The space-based babies had more trouble ; some had to make a few attempts before achieving success and others were unable to do it at all . After five days of the same test though all the babies were able to roll over . The researchers also determined that the vestibular organs detecting angular changes were actually more advanced in the space-based babies , probably because their mothers were forced to roll around a lot on the shuttle due to the lack of gravity .
The lack of gravity is not the only issue making space births difficult . Here on Earth our atmosphere blocks harmful radiation from reaching us , but people traveling in space do not have the same protection .
We are still a long way from determining whether a human can give birth in space but the findings so far seem promising . No doubt the first space-mom will have to be very healthy and in great shape .
Page last updated on June 25 , 2015 .
PHILADELPHIA – Inside Temple University Hospital 's trauma center , Scott Charles tells the story of 16-year-old Lamont Adams . “ He 'll see the young man who 's pointing a .40-caliber handgun toward his back . That young man will shoot Lamont four times and drop Lamont , ” he said , scanning the tight corridor filled with students . “ Then that young man will stand over Lamont at point-blank range , he will shoot Lamont 10 times more. ” Charles continues describing the final moments of the teen 's young life in disturbing detail . “ Lamont is going to have a bullet wound right here , and Lamont is going to have a bullet wound right there , ” he said , placing red stickers across the torso of a student who volunteered to lay on a trauma gurney . “ He 's going to have another bullet wound right here and one right here and anther bullet wound right here and here. ” Charles is the hospital 's trauma outreach coordinator and his audience today was n't medical students . Instead , a group of at-risk teens are visiting the hospital as part of the Cradle to Grave program he helped create in the hope of reducing gun violence in what is supposed to be the City of Brotherly Love .
This group 's response to being asked , “ How many of you know someone who has been shot ? ” America Tonight Lamont was shot more than a dozen times – the sheer number of bullet wounds shocking enough to crack some students ' tough exteriors . After doctors feverishly worked on Lamont , he would n't survive his wounds and died in the trauma room in 2005 . In Philadelphia , young people – especially young men – are at the greatest risk of dying from gun violence . In fact , for black men between the ages of 15 and 24 , guns are the leading cause of death , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , leaving many public health officials asking for gun violence to be treated like a contagious disease . “ Gun violence in particular is contagious . How many of you know someone who has Ebola ? ” Charles asked the students , noting that nobody raised a hand and pointing out how much news coverage that disease received in the past year . “ How many of you know someone who has been shot ? ” This time , nearly every student raised his or her hand .
“ We can count [ on it ] every night that we 're going to see a new gun victim come through these hospital doors . This is a public health crisis . And we have a responsibility to attack it. ” Scott Charles Hospital trauma outreach coordinator
Dr. Amy Goldberg , the hospital 's chief trauma surgeon , helped start Cradle to Grave with Charles . They attack the epidemic of gun violence by sharing hard medical facts with the teens in the program . “ We have found that the kids and the students , what they see on TV , what they hear on the radio , what they might see on a video game is what they think happens if they were to sustain some type of gunshot wound , ” Goldberg said , adding that telling her trauma unit sees about 400 gunshot patients a year . “ We felt we needed to give them the real education of what can occur after you get shot. ” When it 's her turn to address the students , she demonstrates tools like a rib spreader that doctors can use to access a gunshot victim 's heart and other vital organs .
Battling the odds
Joey Lopez , 18 , was born and raised in a rough section of North Philadelphia . Thanks to Camelot Aspira Excel Academy , an alternative school , he 's set to graduate and plans to pursue a degree in accounting . America Tonight Now in its tenth year , Cradle To Grave teaches teens – mostly at-risk students from Philadelphia – the true horrors of gun violence . As for its effectiveness , Charles estimates that of the 10,000 students who have gone through the one-day program , only 15 to 20 returned to Temple 's hospital as gunshot victims . Of those , only one or two died . Eighteen-year-old Joey Lopez was among the students who toured Temple 's level one trauma center . Like most high school seniors , he ca n't wait for prom and he 's looking forward to getting his diploma . But the odds have been stacked against him since birth . Lopez was born and raised in a rough section of North Philly . For a short time his family lived near the intersection where Lamont Adams was gunned down . With his father in jail , Lopez 's mother struggled to make ends meet , he said . “ [ We ] went from one hood to another hood to another hood . Some people were selling drugs , some people not , some people doing drugs , some people not , ” he said . “ I was in a bad crowd , a very bad crowd , and some of the people that I was with back then in the hood is not here right now . Some are dead , some in jail. ” Even with programs like Cradle to Grave , students like Lopez can easily fall through the cracks . So when he began to stumble and almost did n't graduate , Camelot Aspira Excel Academy , an alternative school , was there to catch him . After graduating , Lopez plans on attending college to pursue a degree in accounting . He hopes to have a summer job lined up to help cover expenses .
Sadiqa Lucas ( center right in red ) , the executive director of Philadelphia 's Aspira Excel Academy , accompanies students on the Cradle to Grave program . On a recent May morning , Sadiqa Lucas , executive director for Aspira Excel Academy , addressed a group of students sitting silently in the school 's gymnasium . “ I need you guys to understand that education in the classroom is sacred , ” Lucas said . “ I just want to take this time out to say I am proud of all of you . Why ? Because giving up was not an option. ” Lucas , whose own cousin was shot and killed in Philadelphia , takes a group of students through the Cradle to Grave program each semester with the goal of keeping them on the path to success , she said . She also tries to make a difference in the classroom . The accelerated program works with students struggling academically and gets them to graduate on time with a high school diploma . The academy provides not only intense academic support but also much-needed social and emotional help . “ A true example is when I pull up for work and there 's a student waiting by the door , and the student is waiting because they do n't have heat at home , the student is waiting because this is their first meal that they are going to receive , ” she said . “ One student was bright-eyed and bushy-tailed and then had a frown . Once I pulled the student aside , I 'm told , ‘ Well ma'am my cousin got shot last night . ' ”
No quick fixes
Greek philosopher Aristotle once wrote that poverty is the parent of crime . The socioeconomic problems that continue to confront major U.S. cities are complex and there are no quick fixes . In Philadelphia , a city plagued by poverty and gun violence , nearly 26 percent of residents live below the poverty line , with child poverty hovering close to 36 percent , according to the city 's Department of Public Health . Meanwhile , some 60 percent of city children live in a household headed by a single parent , and just 61 percent of high school students graduate in four years . Yet there are still thousands of students across the city who wo n't get much-needed support like Lopez has . While the city struggles to curb the epidemic of gun violence , the Cradle to Grave program will continue to show teens how horrible the final moments can be for victims , and educators like Lucas will continue to guide students toward a better path . “ [ For ] some of my students this is all they have , this family atmosphere here , ” she said of her school 's program . “ So when you hear the question , 'Write down how many people love you , ' and when you look to the left , and there is a student who does n't write anything , it lets me know , one , I 'm in the right profession , two , we got some work to do . ”
Defense Secretary James Mattis has asked the White House to remove restrictions on US military support for Saudi Arabia and its allies engaged in a military offensive against Yemen that has caused significant civilian casualties , according to a report .
In a memo submitted to National Security Adviser Army Lt. Gen. H.R . McMaster this month , Mattis suggested that “ limited support ” for the Saudi-led war would help counter a “ common threat , ” the Washington Post reported on Sunday , citing senior US officials .
If approved , the request would mark a significant increase in US military involvement in Yemen , which until now has been largely restricted to counterterrorism operations against al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) and indirect backing for the Saudi-led coalition .
The immediate question in the Pentagon chief 's memo , which will be debated by President Donald Trump 's national security team this week , is whether to provide support for a planned operation by the United Arab Emirates to take the key Red Sea port of Hudaydah .
The memo , however , does not recommend that the White House agree to every element of the Emirati plan .
A proposal to deploy American Special Operations forces on the ground on the Red Sea coast “ was not part of the request ” Mattis is putting forward , a senior administration official told the Post on condition of anonymity .
The official and several others said Mattis has requested that restrictions , set by former President Barack Obama , be lifted so that the US military can provide surveillance and intelligence support as well as refueling and operational planning assistance to Emirati operations against the Houthi Ansarullah movement .
This photo taken on September 22 , 2016 shows the aftermath of Saudi airstrikes on the Yemeni port of Hudaydah .
The Obama administration had rejected a similar Emirati call for support for a military assault on Hudaydah , on the grounds that the operation was not likely to succeed and could worsen the humanitarian situation .
The official , who talked to the Post , acknowledged that lifting the limits would amount to “ a green light for direct involvement in a major war . ”
“ There has been no decision yet as to whether [ the restrictions ] will be lifted . There is certainly broad disagreement across our government , ” the official added .
Earlier this month , the Pentagon quietly ordered fresh deployments of Special Operations troops to Yemen and elsewhere in the Middle East in what military officials described as part of a more aggressive campaign against al-Qaeda .
Advisers to President Trump are concerned that direct support for the Saudi-led coalition would take resources away from the fight against AQAP .
Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has grown in weapons and number since Saudi Arabia and its Persian Gulf allies launched the war against Yemen in March 2015 to bring back resigned president Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi to power and undermine the Houthi movement .
Yemenis attend a rally to mark two years of the military intervention by the Saudi-led coalition , in the capital Sana ' a on March 26 , 2017 . ( Photo by AFP )
The campaign , which also involves ground operations and a naval blockade , has so far left over 12,000 people dead , pushing the Arab world 's poorest country to the verge of famine .
The Trump administration has been under close scrutiny since a January 29 raid , the first known ground operation in Yemen in two years , ended in failure .
Read more :
The raid in al-Bayda province did not go smoothly . One Navy SEAL was killed and , according to local residents , as many as 25 civilians lost their lives . A military aircraft worth $ 75 million was also destroyed after it crash-landed at the operation site .
While the White House hailed the Yemen operation as a success , Democrats and other critics questioned whether any intelligence gathered was worth the high cost of SEAL Ryan Owens ' life and children killed in crossfire .
Decision opened door to waste funds : Greens MP John Kaye believes the High Court has created a `` regulatory vacuum '' . Credit : Dean Osland Dr Cowling , a former head of curriculum in the NSW Department of Education , said a long-term goal of public schools should be to replace scripture classes with a mandatory `` world view and ethics '' class providing students with a `` broad exposure '' to many religions . `` We have to ask the question , what is the highest priority for schools , and I think many would say such things as wellness , obesity , positive psychology , '' Dr Cowling said . He said it was often difficult for governments to `` unravel '' existing programs but that was no excuse for the NSW government to retain chaplains in public schools . `` As far as I know , there is n't any evidence-based research that would provide a reputable basis for the state to take the chaplaincy program over in present form , '' Dr Cowling said .
The NSW Education Department confirmed it would not axe the program this year , while the federal department said it had `` decided to waive its right to recover payments that have already been made under the program funding agreements '' . The future of the program beyond this year remained unresolved . Last week , the High Court ruled in favour of a Queensland father Ron Williams who challenged federal funding for the scheme . Dr Cowling said the role of chaplains should be `` redesigned '' and the money to fund them redirected to other programs . But the spokesman for the National School Chaplaincy Association Peter James said there had been two university studies into the positive role of chaplains in schools and the program was specifically designed to improve the wellbeing of students . `` The logic of the program is that providing social , emotional and spiritual support produces wellbeing outcomes , '' Mr James said .
The NSW Catholic Education Commission said it had `` no view about chaplains in NSW government schools '' but a spokesman said it would be unfair on school communities to terminate a program prematurely that had been entered into in good faith . There are in 113 Catholic schools in NSW in the chaplaincy program , the spokesman said . But the president of the NSW Teachers Federation Maurie Mulheron said teachers remained `` steadfast and utterly opposed '' to chaplains in schools . `` The chaplaincy program is just a back-door way to fund the church and it has no social or education benefit whatsoever , '' Mr Mulheron said . The Greens MP John Kaye said the High Court decision had created a `` six-month regulatory vacuum in NSW '' .
`` The High Court decision now leaves NSW Education Minister Adrian Piccoli with the choice of wasting education funds to set up his own set of chaplaincy regulations or excluding them from NSW public schools , '' Dr Kaye said . Loading `` Chaplains in NSW public schools now operate without guidelines , a code of conduct or a complaints procedure , all of which disappeared with the High Court decision . '' Follow us on Twitter
“ Game of Thrones ” will serve up fresh swathes of murder when it premieres its new season on Sunday , April 24 , but its famous death count runs a distant second to another beloved tome : the Bible .
An analysis of every slaughter in the good book reveals that , despite authoring the commandment “ Thou shalt not kill , ” God caused the untimely deaths of at least 2.8 million people , a slaughter of truly biblical proportions , in which he uses walls , plagues , bears , floods and other people to execute huge numbers in inventive and vengeful ways . GoT 's onscreen death count is a paltry 704 .
There are 160 separate killing sprees in the Bible for which God is demonstrably to blame . That number includes every slaughter in the Old and New testaments , and also in Aprocrypha , the contested books which are included in the Roman Catholic Bible but disregarded from the Hebrew version . A total of 2,821,364 deaths are specifically enumerated in scripture as either directly orchestrated by God , or carried out with his assistance or approval . Satan , on the other hand , notches up only 10 kills .
And that 's only the cases where the Bible provides a hard and fast figure . For 53 of those 160 kills , among which we have genocides , famines , and other massacres , readers simply are n't told how many people lost their lives . Atheist Steve Wells , whose book “ Drunk With Blood : God 's Killings In The Bible ” painstakingly chronicles every single person who dies in the sacred text , estimates God 's total kill count is closer to 25 million.For the purposes of our analysis , Vocativ only considers kills which Moses , David , and the rest of the Bible 's authors clearly spelled out for us mere mortals . That means , for example , that we have to omit the Flood of Noah , which Wells say comprises a big chunk of that total .
In the flood , God supposedly gives himself a mulligan and reboots the earth , saving one human family and a boatload of animals to repopulate the planet . In Genesis 7:21 , it 's written that “ all flesh died that moved upon the earth. ” God drowns everyone for their “ wickedness ” bar his chosen survivors , but the Bible does not state explicitly how many died to afford him the almighty do-over .
Of the 107 occasions where God 's unimaginable killing power can be counted , a single massacre in 2 Chronicles immediately makes that book the bloodiest in the entire book . Asa , King of Judah , one of the 12 tribes of Israel , begged the Lord to stop an army of “ a thousand thousand ” Ethiopians , which were attacking his kingdom . God liked Asa because he “ took away the alters of the strange gods , ” and so his request was granted . “ The Lord smote the Ethiopians … they were destroyed before the Lord , ” it states in 2 Chronicles 14:12-13 . It 's one of several times God steps in to help his followers , the Israelites , win a war .
But God does n't discriminate—earlier in 2 Chronicles , the Lord smites 500,000 of his own men , simply because other Israelites ask him to . Facing an ambush from the defected Kingdom of Israel , the men of Judah “ cried onto the Lord. ” It was all God needed . “ There fell down slain of Israel five hundred thousand chosen men , ” it 's written in 2 Chronicles 13:17 .
One of the most oft-cited books in the Bible is Leviticus , particularly for its two verses condemning homosexual acts . ( Leviticus also condemns adultery , tattoos , sleeping with a woman on her period , shaving , eating shellfish and other sins that are popular sticking points for many dissenters of Judeo-Christian faiths . ) It might come as a surprise that a book so concerned with condemnation is one of the least lethal in the Bible : God carries out just two killings , burning the sons of Moses ' brother Aaron 's to death for doing what all teenagers do—playing with fire . They were caught igniting “ strange fire before the Lord , which he commanded them not. ” In the next verse , 10:2 : “ And there went out fire from the Lord , and devoured them , and they died before the Lord. ” God : strangely strict about fire safety , yet still fights fire with fire .
While 2 Chronicles is certainly the Bible 's bloodiest book , it 's never explained how the Lord carries out his two biggest massacres ; in both cases , scripture simply states God “ smote ” his victims . That 's actually the case for most kills—the Bible fails to state exactly how God stubs out 1,670,083 lives , just that he wills it to be so , we guess . When it does explain precisely how the Lord slays his victims , we learn his methods are shockingly inventive , and darkly effective .
Take , for example , 1 Samuel , in which God destroys three cities , then smites the surviving populations with hemorrhoids to punish the Philistines after they steal the ark of the covenant . After the Philistines bring the ark to the city of Ashdod , God disciplines them : “ The hand of the Lord was heavy upon them of Ashdod , and he destroyed them , and he smote them with emerods [ hemorrhoids ] . ” ( 1 Samuel 5:6 ) The Philistines apparently are n't very fast learners , because their solution is to move the ark to another city , which God once again destroys , again smiting survivors with hemorrhoids ( 5:9 ) . The Philistines still do n't get it , though , moving the ark to a third city , which God also stubs out and hits the survivors with , you guessed it , hemorrhoids ( 5:11-12 ) . The Bible never specifies how many lose their lives in this grotesque punishment , or how hemmorhoids were even fatal . It 's possible that ‘ smote ' in this sense means ‘ afflicted ' rather than killed . Regardless , because no number was given , God 's ‘ roid rage does n't count towards the death count . The book does , however , specify that the Lord kills two sinners by giving them bowel disease ( 2 Chronicles 21.14-19 ; 2 Machabees 9:5-28 ) .
The Holy Father inflicts a host of other strange deaths : In 1 Kings 20:30 , God dispatches 27,000 Syrians by making a wall fall on them . That 's after he assists in killing 100,000 Syrians after they call him a “ god of the hills. ” It 's written : “ The rest fled to Aphek , into the city ; and there a wall fell upon twenty and seven thousand of the men that were left. ” Oof . Just a few verses later , God sends a lion to kill a man for refusing to smite a prophet . “ As soon as he was departed from him , a lion found him , and slew him. ” ( 20:36 ) That 's actually the second lion the Lord sends to do his bidding in 1 Kings . In another bizarre killing , God sends two bears to tear apart 42 boys for making fun of prophet Elisha . “ There came forth two she-bears out of the wood , and tare forty and two children of them. ” ( 2 Kings 2:24 ) Beyond the well-known plague of locusts , the Lord also has other insects in his repertoire , and he 's not afraid to use them , helping the Israelites overcome their enemies by setting wasps on them . It 's written in Wisdom 12:8-9 : “ God will send the hornet among them , until they that are left , and hide themselves from thee , be destroyed . ”
Random Judgement Generator
No matter how much you disliked God 's policies , back in Old Testament days , the worst thing you could do was bitch about it . The mere act of complaining caused him to unleash snakes , fire , and a plague . When the Israelites complained about a lack of food in Numbers 21:6 , God sent “ fiery serpents ” to kill them . When 250 of Korah 's followers complain that Moses was putting himself on a pedestal , God has Moses ask them to burn incense and then burns them all to death : “ There came out a fire from the Lord , and consumed the two hundred and fifty men that offered incense. ” ( 16:35 ) When 14,700 people complained about all of the people the Lord had killed for complaining , he sent a plague to kill them , too . “ There is wrath gone out from the Lord ; the plague has begun. ” ( 14:46 )
Most of the time , God is a big fan of the Israelites . The Lord plays some part in killing 1,050,009 of the their enemies throughout the good book—a big assist . They do their part , though , righteously slaying 1,540,494 people in the name of the Lord for wrongs against them . The Bible 's biggest individual assassin is David , the second king of the United Kingdom of Israel and God 's favorite monarch , who smote , slew and slaughtered 81,050 people on the Lord 's behalf . In 2 Samuel , he carries out what is arguably his most grotesque killing—and that 's saying a lot , considering David commits massacres and genocides in a single book . In order to buy a daughter from Saul , the first king of Israel , and make her his wife , he gifts him 200 Philistine foreskins . “ David arose and went , he and his men , and slew of the Philistines two hundred men ; and David brought their foreskins … And Saul gave him Michal his daughter to wife. ” ( 2 Samuel 18:27 ) . Quite the dowry .
All told , God killed and supported the killings of a hell of a lot of people in the Old Testament ( though barely any in the New Testament ) . The obvious question is whether God 's killing , and the deaths he assisted and supported , were justified . Rich Deem , who has run the encyclopedic resource Evidence For God since 1997 , said : “ The charge that God indiscriminately murdered people does not hold to to critical evaluation of the biblical texts. ” Deem argued the commandment “ Thou shalt not kill ” purely refers to premeditated murder , and said that when the Lord annihilated swathes of people , it was because those people had sinned . “ He would spare the wicked to save the righteous , ” Deem insisted .
Wells , who literally wrote the book on this , disagreed , and reckons it 's tricky to try and justify things like killing a million Ethiopians in one go for any reason . He told Vocativ , “ I do n't know how someone could read these and think , ‘ oh , ok , well that 's alright . I believe that god did these killings and I 'm ok with that . ' I think most [ followers of the Bible ] either do n't know about them , or at least they do n't focus on them . There 's almost none that you could point to and say , ‘ yeah , it seems like they had it coming . That 's morally justifiable . ' ”
We 've all been there—an unfamiliar number appears on your caller ID and you wonder if it 's a scammer offering to lower your bills by a zillion dollars or send you on a totally legit free vacation . T-Mobile subscribers are about to get a little more peace of mind when phone calls come in . The carrier is set to roll out network-level technology to identify and block scam calls , and there 's no added cost for customers .
T-Mobile 's new anti-scammer features come in two flavors . Scam ID will be enabled network-wide starting on April 5th . You do n't need to install anything on your phone for this to work . When a call hits Tmo 's network , it checks it against a known list of scammers to see if it 's legit . This list is apparently kept up to date with `` behavioral heuristics and intelligent scam pattern detection '' on T-Mobile 's network . If a scam is detected , your caller ID will say `` Scam Likely . ''
If you do n't want to see those calls at all , there 's also the Scam Block feature . You can activate this feature starting April 5th with a dialer code . This automatically rejects calls identified as scams so your phone never rings . It 's unclear how accurate T-Mobile 's scanning is , though . It 's possible legitimate calls will be blocked as well .
The anti-scammer features will be available to all postpaid lines , but it 's rolling out to ONE accounts first . You can opt in and out manually using the following dialer codes ( starting April 5th ) .
Introduction
Legendary
Epic
Note on the ancients : both of these minions are incredibly powerful and probably should be picked whenever available . That said , their very high costs means that you should hedge the rest of your picks towards the lower end of the curve .
Rares
Commons
Juliana ( died 1946 ) was a medal-winning Great Dane . She was awarded two Blue Cross medals , the first for extinguishing an incendiary bomb and the second for alerting her masters to a fire that had started in their shop . In September 2013 the second of these medals , along with a portrait of Juliana , sold at auction for £1,100 . The discovery and sale of these items uncovered the story of Juliana 's heroic acts .
Honours [ edit ]
Juliana extinguished a German incendiary device similar to this one .
In April 1941 , two years into World War II , incendiary bombs were being dropped across Britain during The Blitz . [ 1 ] One such device is believed to have fallen through the roof of the house in which Juliana and her owner lived . The dog is reported to have stood over the bomb and urinated on it , extinguishing the fire and preventing it from spreading . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] She was awarded her first Blue Cross medal for her actions . [ 2 ]
Juliana was celebrated as a hero for a second time when , in November 1944 , she again helped to save the lives of her owners . After a fire had taken hold in their shoe shop , she alerted her master 's family to the impending danger . For this she was awarded a second medal . [ 2 ]
The second medal , along with a portrait of Juliana , was discovered during a house clearance in Bristol . The items were sold together at a Gloucestershire auction in September 2013 , with the auctioneer describing Juliana as `` a Great Dane with a great bladder '' . Initially expected to achieve £60 , the sale reached £1,100 with the winning bid coming from an anonymous buyer . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Death [ edit ]
Juliana died from poisoning in 1946 after a substance was posted through her owner 's letterbox . [ 2 ]
Photo : Alfredo Mendez/Flickr
It 's been a big week for sharing economy litigation .
On Tuesday night , Lyft announced a $ 12.25 million settlement in a class action employment lawsuit brought by its drivers . On Wednesday , the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals denied Uber 's motion to stay a trial , meaning that Uber is set to go to court on June 20 over a massive class action lawsuit that potentially engulfs over a hundred thousand drivers .
Since the Lyft settlement does not reclassify drivers as employees , rather than independent contractors , it is not a slam-dunk victory for the drivers that brought the lawsuit . However , as Uber heads to trial , there 's a real possibility that this other case might turn out differently—which would make for a monumental hit to the sharing economy .
Either way , whether through such major shake-ups or through smaller incremental changes , the state of employment inside the sharing economy is changing .
Lyft
In addition to the $ 12.25 million payouts , Lyft has also agreed to `` make changes in its product and Terms of Service with drivers , '' according to a spokesperson for the company . The company also noted that the settlement does not reclassify drivers as employees , commenting , `` Roughly 80 percent of drivers who use the Lyft platform drive 15 hours per week or less to supplement their incomes . ''
The plaintiffs ' attorney in this case , Shannon Liss-Riordan , said in an official statement , `` While the settlement does not achieve everything we had hoped for—namely a reclassification of the drivers as employees… it will result in some significant changes that will benefit the drivers . ''
According to Liss-Riordan , the settlement also prevents Lyft from terminating drivers at will , and to challenge a deactivation in front of a neutral arbitrator that Lyft pays for . It also empowers drivers to `` take up pay-related issues , if they feel they have n't been paid properly , again before a neutral arbitrator at Lyft 's expense . ''
Liss-Riordan also stated that the arbitration clause in the Lyft contract would have made it difficult to win this case at trial . `` Unfortunately , the US Supreme Court has been allowing companies to use arbitration agreements to ban class actions , and there are fewer and fewer arguments available to employees and consumers to challenge these agreements , '' she said .
That 's a stark difference from the Uber case , where various versions of the arbitration clause over time have been thrown out in court .
Uber
And while the Lyft case is now over , the Uber litigation is hurtling towards trial . The company tried to get the appeals court to stay the trial—meaning , delay it . Uber 's reasoning was that it was currently appealing the lower court 's decision to invalidate many arbitration agreements between Uber and its drivers . However , the Ninth Circuit has denied the motion to stay . The actual appeal is still pending , but the refusal to halt the swiftly incoming trial date is certainly a blow to the company .
Uber is still waiting for the Ninth Circuit to rule on yet another appeal . In September 2015 , district court judge Edward Chen certified a class of 160,000 drivers . The company appealed the decision .
Uber 's lead attorney , Theodore Boutrous , said in an official statement that they `` looked forward '' to the Ninth Circuit 's decision , and that , `` If the case moves forward , we 'll look forward to presenting the facts about how drivers use Uber with complete flexibility and control over their work to a jury in June 2016 . ''
In 2011 , Boutrous argued Wal-Mart v. Dukes in front of the Supreme Court , ultimately winning the case . The decision in Dukes—very much like the Supreme Court precedent around arbitration that Shannon Liss-Riordan mentioned in her statement—made it harder to certify large classes in general .
Liss-Riordan 's Boston-based law firm , Lichten & Liss-Riordan , has made a boutique practice out of sharing economy lawsuits . Lawsuits ( either pending , settled , or currently in arbitration ) that they have brought include the following :
·Uber
·Lyft
·Postmates
·Caviar
·Instacart
·Shyp
·Washio
·Handy
·Homejoy
·GrubHub
·DoorDash
·Google Express
It 's not clear what all this litigation will really mean for the sharing economy . Many drivers pick up fares from both Lyft and Uber ( and some work additional sharing economy gigs as well ) . If the drivers win everything they want from Uber , they 'll have a judgment that they are employees of one ride-sharing company , while the Lyft settlement says they are independent contractors of another . Either way , both sharing economy companies and sharing economy workers should watch the Uber case closely as it plays out .
* This post has been updated to more accurately reflect which sharing economy companies have been sued .
Still looking for dark matter
Once more , physicists have not found particles of dark matter , this strange stuff that makes up about 83 % of the matter in the Universe .
A few days ago , the XENON100 collaboration announced at a seminar in Gran Sasso National Laboratory , in Italy , that they have not detected any dark matter particles . One of the most popular hypothesis suggests dark matter is made of weakly interacting massive particles ( WIMPs ) , that interact only through the weak force and gravity . XENON100 is looking for this particular kind of particles as they pass through the central portion of 161 kilograms of liquid xenon beneath 1.4 kilometres of rock at Gran Sasso . When colliding with the xenon nuclei , the particles should produce electric charge and light signals .
The XENON100 researchers reported here that 100 days ' worth of data taking turned up three events that could be due to dark matter particles . However , the scientists expected roughly two false positives due to interactions caused by a radioactive contaminant in the xenon : the three events are probably background events , and the result is statistically negative . This no-show rules out the existence of many of the heavier WIMPs , and also has important implications regarding supersymmetry : this theory , proposed to solve the hierarchy problem of the standard model , predicts the existence of a few particles that may be WIMPs .
Other large-scale experiments are planned in the near future , such as the Large Underground Xenon ( LUX ) detector . These new experiments should be able to detect lighter WIMPs , or to discard them too…
Reference
You might also like :
Ask around and you 'll likely find a fellow G1 user who can say that their handset gets unreasonably warm at times.Â Whether plugged in or not , the back side of the phone has been known to heat up quite a bit.Â
A fellow Android blogger from AndroidWorld.nl sent us an email this morning about one of their writers who had a battery heat up to the point of melting the cover .
One of my bloggers experienced exactly the same with his G1 , no explosion , but the back cover melted because of the ( battery ) heat . Still awaiting the answer from T-mobile…After a normal phonecall , so no cables connected .
Apparently , the phone still works and they 're waiting to hear back from T-Mobile . You 'll notice in the pictures that the case is not melted directly over the battery but closer to the SIM card . This is the spot where many of us have experienced the warm and not so fuzzy feeling .
Anyone else out there has a phone heat up to the point it literally melts your case ?
BIRMINGHAM , Ala. — The Alabama Republican Party on Thursday offered unqualified support to the embattled candidacy of Roy S. Moore , ignoring the condemnation of national Republican leaders and brushing aside worries that he could lose a Senate race in a solidly conservative state — or be expelled from Congress if he wins .
Invoking the need for guidance from God , a statement from the party 's chairwoman , Terry Lathan , referred only indirectly to the allegations of sexual misconduct and unwanted overtures against women that have upended the Senate race here . Ms. Lathan said the party trusted voters to make the right decision and backed Mr. Moore , a former chief justice of the State Supreme Court , as a conservative supporter of President Trump running against the Democrat , Doug Jones .
“ Judge Moore has vehemently denied the allegations made against him , ” Ms. Lathan said in her statement , issued one day after a committee of party leaders opted behind closed doors to reaffirm their support for the Republican nominee . “ He deserves to be presumed innocent of the accusations unless proven otherwise . ”
The state party 's decision was a crucial , if mostly expected , procedural victory for a campaign roiled by the public comments of nine women who described conduct varying from uncomfortable to unlawful . Although Mr. Moore on Thursday called the allegations “ scurrilous ” and “ untrue , ” the state party 's statement came minutes after he refused to answer questions here about whether he had improper sexual contact with a 14-year-old or , as a prosecutor in his 30s , dated high school girls .
Kalamazoo , MI : Kalamazoo Public Safety is requesting the public 's help in locating a voluntarily missing adult to check on his well being .
Nathaniel Christopher Ratliff , 3/8/94 , white male , 5'07 ” 130 lbs , brown hair , blue eyes , with a tattoo on his upper right arm that says “ Fighter ” , was last seen in the 3700 block of S Park St on 10/30/16 . He left his wallet , cell phone , keys , car and laptop at his home . He has not shown up to work since 10/28/16 and this is very uncharacteristic of him . Neither family nor friends have heard from him and they would like to make sure that he is ok .
Ratliff does n't suffer from any medical or mental issues .
Anyone who may have information regarding this investigation is asked to call Kalamazoo Public Safety at 337-8994 or Silent Observer at 343-2100 or www.kalamazoosilentobserver.com .
By authority of : Victor Ledbetter , Captain .
Date : November 11 , 2016
Address : 150 E. Crosstown Pkwy. , Suite A , Kalamazoo , MI 49001
Contact : Victor Ledbetter , Captain Criminal Investigations Division ( 269 ) 337-8139
Ever wondered where Portland ranks among the best beer cities in America ?
In a recent breakdown from Thrillist , Portland topped San Diego , Denver , Seattle and Chicago to come away as the top city for suds in the United States
`` Widmer Brothers -- who were on the cutting edge of craft beer when `` craft beer '' was n't even a phrase -- got their start here , laying the groundwork for some of the best brewers in the country to do their thing . And now , Portland 's ground zero for some of the best brewing in the country , from Breakside -- purveyors of this year 's GABF-winning IPA -- to the barrel-aged innovation of Cascade and Upright , the legendary Hair of the Dog , the weirdos at Gigantic , and newer guys like the great Ecliptic and Ex Novo , which is the city 's first nonprofit brewery . ''
We could n't agree more .
-- Michael Russell
The Praetorian Guard ( cohortes praetoriae ) was , in the Roman Republic , a commander 's personal bodyguard and then , in the imperial period , an elite force assigned to protect the emperor and Rome . Over the years , the guard would become a dangerous threat to imperial power and emperors were forced to gain its favour in order to ensure their reign . In the 1st and 2nd century CE many an emperor was murdered with Praetorian Guard involvement , and once one of their number , Macrinus , was even declared emperor . The body specifically created to protect the emperor 's person had become his greatest liability .
Evolution
In the Republican period , the Praetorians were a small escort which protected an army commander , general , or governor . Their name derives from the commander 's tent , a praetorium . This small force grew in number during Rome 's civil wars with each leader having a large personal bodyguard . Rome 's first emperor Augustus went a step further and , in 27 BCE , created a permanent bodyguard of nine cohorts totalling at least 4,500 men to protect himself and the royal family , the Praetorian Guard . This was in addition to the small band of , mostly Germanic , bodyguards he and many of his successor employed .
In 2 BCE Augustus appointed two Prefects ( praefectus praetorio ) to command the Praetorian Guard with both directly responsible to the emperor . Curiously , they were the only men allowed to carry a sword in the emperor 's presence . Over time these Prefects , possessing the highest equestrian rank , were made members of the emperor 's advisory council and even acquired some judicial , financial , and army logistics functions . They also increased in number with five in place during the reign of Constantine I .
As the imperial throne wobbled with ever-increasing intrigues , the Praetorian Guard became an important factor in plots to usurp the emperor 's position .
During the reign of Tiberius , Augustus ' successor , the Guard was expanded to 12 cohorts . Vitellius ( r. 69 CE ) expanded it again by adding some of his Rhine army so that the Guard now had sixteen 1,000-man cohorts . Domitian ( r. 81-96 CE ) then reduced the number to ten 1,000-man cohorts , each commanded by a tribune . Units of 100 men were commanded by a centurion , the most senior of which was the trecenarius .
A cavalry wing was added , too , the equites singulares Augusti , which consisted of first 500 horses and then later 1,000 . Increasingly , from the 2nd century CE , the Praetorian Guard were used as a useful army reserve and they often took to the field of battle , aiding their emperor defend the empire or their candidate of emperor-to-be achieve his goal . In the field , a Praetorian Prefect would be second-in-command if the emperor were present or sole commander if not .
Privileges
Members of the Guard were given particular privileges indicated on a diploma signed by the emperor . Prior to 13 BCE , they served for 12 years while legionaries served 20 then ; after reforms in 5 CE , Praetorians served for 16 and legionaries 25 years . The Guards also enjoyed over three times the pay given to ordinary legionaries . Their higher status was clearly signified when Augustus left each member 1,000 sestertii in his will compared to the 300 a legionary received . The Praetorians were also distinguished by their finer armour and oval shield , as opposed to the rectangular shield of other legions . They had their own standard when in battle , probably an eagle and wreath . As they served for a shorter period , Praetorian Guards were able to pursue higher military commands at a younger age , once discharged . They were also given other privileges by various emperors such as tax immunity by Vespasian on the land given at the end of their service .
Camps
Praetorian Guards largely came from either Italy or the fully-Romanised provinces to better ensure their loyalty . Three cohorts were stationed in Rome , and the rest remained in towns around the capital . This , and the avoidance of full uniform ( but still carrying weapons ) for those in Rome , was probably because of the Republican tradition that no commander 's army should enter the city . However , this situation changed in 23 CE when the Prefect Aelius Sejanus convinced Tiberius to permit the Guard to camp as a single unit in the castra praetoria in the north-eastern suburbs of Rome . Under Aurelian ( r. 270-275 CE ) the camp became part of the city 's fortification walls and its remains can still be seen today . The argument for a single camp was that if the Guard were all stationed together , then they would be better able to respond to an emergency , control any disturbances in the city , or simply act as a deterrent to any would-be conspirators . Whenever the emperor went on campaign in person , a detachment of the Praetorian Guard , led by one of the prefects , went with him .
Power & Influence
As the imperial throne wobbled with ever-increasing intrigues the Praetorian Guard became an important factor in plots to usurp the emperor 's position . In 41 CE Claudius , after the murder of his predecessor Gaius ( Caligula ) by the Praetorian Guard ( whose officers had been humiliated by him ) , sweetened the Guard by handing out large cash sums – 15,000 sestertii per man . Just to reinforce the relationship , Claudius then had a series of coins minted which depicted the Guard hailing him as emperor . Thereafter , every new emperor was careful to give the Guard a lump sum and the honour of an imperial address even if the Guard never actually held a formal position in the empire 's power structure or possessed any political leadership of any note . When the Praetorian Guard backed Otho against Vitellius in 69 CE and lost , the latter widened up recruitment to allow the best veterans from any legion to join . Vespasian attempted to ensure their greater loyalty by a different means , making his son , the future emperor Titus , a Praetorian Prefect .
By the time of Commodus in the late 2nd century CE the Guard had become an ill-disciplined liability . In 193 CE they murdered Pertinax - he had , after all , only offered them a paltry 12,000 sestertii each on his accession - and then gave their allegiance to anyone who could pay them enough , the winner being Didius Julianus . Didius offered to pay the enormous sum of 25,000 sestertii to every Guard member , the equivalent of 5-year 's pay , and when he was made emperor actually upped the reward to 30,000 per man . This dwarfed the 20,000 sestertii that Marcus Aurelius had given to each member when he had become emperor , although this was a genuine gift and not a bribe .
The power of the Praetorian Guard led to emperor Septimius Severus replacing the most notorious members with loyal legionaries from his Danube armies . Still , the Praetorian Guard would not go away as a powerful instrument of power , and in 217 CE , Macrinus , a praefectus praetorio , arranged the assassination of Caracalla and was declared emperor by his own men . Finally , Constantine I disbanded the Praetorian Guard in 312 CE after they had backed his rival Maxentius . The Praetorian Prefects would survive , though , as by now they had become important administrators of the regions of the East , Gaul , Illyricum , and Italy , a role they would continue to perform into the Byzantine period .
For the first time since the election , markets are doubting they will get the pro-growth policies of tax reform and stimulus promised by President Donald Trump and the Republican Congress .
The repeal of Obamacare appears to have hit some snags and the GOP brought out Trump earlier Tuesday to serve as pitchman to House Republicans who may have been wavering ahead of Thursday 's vote . Whether he won votes or not is unclear , but markets certainly took the lack of clear majority support as a negative .
`` I think it 's certainly interesting the market is questioning it , based on the limited amount of votes the Republicans can afford to lose in the House . It suggests if you thought this party would be voting as a block on the key agenda items , that might not be the case , '' said Mark Cabana , head of U.S. short rate strategy at Bank of America Merrill Lynch . `` It might be a lot more fractured party than many might have anticipated . ''
The stock market sold off sharply with many market leaders of the Trump trade lagging . The Dow was down as much as 200 points , but the underpinnings of the market were even weaker . The Russell 2000 small-cap index , for instance , fell 2 percent , and the Dow transports lost 1.7 percent . Financial stocks were the worst performers , down 2.6 percent .
As investors sold stocks , they snapped up bonds . As a result , Treasury yields , which move inversely to price , moved lower . The 10-year Treasury note was yielding 2.43 percent in afternoon trading , falling from a high of 2.49 percent earlier .
`` That 's in the context of a market that was priced for the ultimate outcome , '' said Peter Boockvar , chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group . The Dow is up 13 percent since Election Day . Boockvar said the market has been ignoring how the stimulus and tax reform promised by Trump would be paid for . `` Now people are beginning to realize there 's potentially other issues . ''
The possibility of health-care reform becoming a quagmire has been a concern for markets for weeks , but there had not been a clear move in response to that concern since stocks started going higher right after the election . Trump administration officials have promised that after the health-care act that tax reform would be up next on the agenda , and there was hope there would be movement on it by August .
House Speaker Paul Ryan said Trump `` knocked the ball out of the park '' when he spoke to House Republicans Tuesday morning . Ryan also pushed back against the claim by the House 's conservative Freedom Caucus that the American Health Care Act does not have enough votes to pass the chamber . That group later threatened formal opposition of the bill , unless there are significant changes .
`` From a policy point of view , this is the first real test of Ryan , McConnell , Trump . Is it a juggernaut or is n't it a juggernaut ? The markets are more interested in a substantial point of view on what 's going to happen on taxes , and what 's going to happen on regulatory reform , '' said Tom Block , Washington policy strategist at Strategas . Even if the bill does pass the House , it faces opposition in the Senate , where Sen. Mitch McConnell is the majority leader .
The unfraying comes at a bad time for Trump . On Monday , FBI Director James Comey said the bureau is investigating Russian interference with the presidential election , including any links to Trump . He also said there was no proof of Trump 's assertion that President Barack Obama had ordered a wiretap of Trump Tower .
The market ignored the slam at Trump 's credibility , and while the president himself may be Teflon , the market is not when it comes to his policy initiatives .
Cabana said he expects the Republicans to pick themselves up quickly if they fail on health care , and press forward with something they can win on . `` In the not-too-distant futures , Republicans are going to need to pivot , '' he said . Cabana said they may find more agreement on tax reform , though there is clear disagreement on the border adjustment tax , which is now part of the House plan .
The House GOP proposes a 20 percent tax on all imports coming into the U.S. but no tax on exports . That would help generate $ 1 trillion in revenue over 10 years , and allow the Republicans to drop the corporate tax rate to 20 percent . But there is disagreement over that tax , and it has opposition in the Senate .
Rep. Kevin Brady , R-Texas appeared Tuesday on CNBC 's `` Squawk Box '' and said the border adjustment tax was a `` given . '' The SPDR S & P Retail ETF was down 2 percent Tuesday . The tax is opposed by retailers who say it is a penalty on consumers who would pay more for goods . However , the tax is expected to push the dollar higher and that could eliminate the inflation caused by higher prices . Proponents of the tax include industrial companies like General Electric and Boeing .
But the health-care plan stands in front of that .
`` I certainly do think if this does n't go through , it increases the risk of a risk-off move and you could see a temporary movement into bonds , '' said Cabana . `` We still remain overall optimistic something will get done , and that underlies our view for higher overall rates . The Fed is going to continue to move gradually . We do believe rates will move higher . This certainly does increase near-term downside risk . ''
Earlier Tuesday , Bank of America Merrill Lynch released its monthly fund managers survey , with a record number saying the market is extremely overvalued , and just 10 percent expecting to see U.S. tax reform passed by Congress before its August recess , as promised by the administration .
`` Investor positioning argues for a risk rally pause in March/April , with allocation to equities at a two-year high and bond allocation at a three-year low , '' said Michael Hartnett , BofAML 's chief investment strategist said in a note . `` Policy is the key catalyst for the Icarus trade to fly higher in the coming months . ''
We demand an immediate end to the military operation in Khyber Agency because it has not brought any results during the past three years ,  says Iqbal Afridi from the Pakistan Tehreek Insaf party . The military operations are killing the local population while the militants remained unharmed.
Afridi from the Khyber Agency unit of the party led by former cricketer Imran Khan spoke with IPS near the Governors House in Peshawar , the northern Pakistani city adjacent to the Khyber Agency region in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) . Party members had brought bodies of 18 local people reported killed by Pakistani security forces in nearby Alamgudar village .
Thousands of local tribal people , including students , civil society members and leaders of political parties joined the bereaved families in the protest against the army .
The military operations have brought lives of the eight million population in FATA to a standstill ,  Afridi said . The seven tribal agencies have remained under curfew and the population has become completely idle.
Juma Khan Afridi from the family of some of those killed told Inter Press Service ( IPS ) what happened . We were asleep when security forces scaled the walls of our home . They asked the women to get aside ,  Khan Afridi , a student of the same family told IPS . He said he survived because he put on a veil and stood with women .
This is not the first time the army has killed innocent people in Khyber Agency , he said . It is because of the growing anger that bereaved families brought the coffins of their dead relatives to protest.
Wazir Muhammad , political analyst at the University of Peshawar , said people of FATA had been bearing the brunt of the U.S.-led war on terror for the past four years , but had remained silent due to fear of reprisals by the army .
The protest by Hazara communities in Quetta in Balochistan over their dead had given strength to local tribal people in FATA , he said . More than 100 people , including 83 Shias were killed in two bomb explosions in Quetta Jan. 11 . The relatives there had refuse to bury their dead immediately in protest .
Only after braving three nights in Quettas freezing temperatures next to their slain loved ones did the families of the bombing victims end their protest and bury the bodies amid strict security measures in a Hazara graveyard . They did so after the government imposed governors rule in Balochistan .
Anger is growing over the acts of terrorism everywhere in the country . The people are rightly protesting over the armys killing of the innocent ,  Muhammad said .
The Khyber Agency incident has opened a new chapter of protests against the army . It is for the first time that people have chanted slogans against law enforcement agencies for their failure to provide protection . It will continue in the future if the army doesnt mend its ways ,  Umar Farooq , whose younger brother was among the dead , told IPS .
It was not just the brutal killing  the army took away the slain bodies from the site of the protests and buried them on their own . Being Muslims , we wanted to give bath and have funerals before lowering them to the graves.
The killings come after a dubious army record . In 2009 the Pakistan army , he said , was shown in a video to be shooting from close range at seven boys in Swat . The army had argued that they were Taliban but they looked innocent and juvenile , he said .
The incident caused international outrage and the U.S.  the main sponsor of the Swat Operation  briefly withheld aid ,  Farooq said .
In October 2010 the U.S. sanctioned six units of the Pakistani military operating in the Swat valley under the Leahy Law  which requires the U.S. State Department to certify that no military unit receiving U.S. aid is involved in gross human rights abuses . The law requires that when such abuses are found , they must be thoroughly investigated .
Despite pledges , Pakistan did not take any action to hold the perpetrators accountable as required under the law .
In several instances in Swat , Balochistan and the tribal areas , U.S. aid to Pakistan has continued in apparent contravention of the Leahy Law .
Human Right Watch said in its 2012 report that conditions had deteriorated markedly in the mineral-rich Balochistan , with disappearances of civilians , and an upsurge in killings of suspected Baloch militants and opposition activists by the military , intelligence agencies and the paramilitary Frontier Corps .
The government appeared powerless to rein in the militarys abuses ,  it said . Human Rights Watch recorded the killing of at least 200 Baloch nationalist activists in 2012 .
In April 2010 , the Pakistan army chief , Gen Ashfaq Kayani , apologised for the deaths of dozens of civilians during air raids near the Afghan border . The civilians were members of a pro-government tribe which had resisted Taliban influence .
On Jan. 17 , shortly after the last killings , the army was severely criticised in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa assembly . Lawmaker Saqibullah Khan said such incidents were bound to create anger against the army among the people , and should immediately be stopped .
The federal government should immediately stop military operations against militants as these have failed to establish peace . They have become the main source of creating problems for the civilians.
Member of the National Assembly from the Awami National Party Bushra Gohar told IPS that the military campaigns have displaced 1.2 million people in FATA and had adversely affected the lives of tribal people . Since 2005 , we have started military operations in most of the seven tribal agencies of FATA , but militants are gaining strength while the poor people are suffering .
We demand an end to the military operation in FATA ,  she said .
( Inter Press Service )
Read more by Ashfaq Yusufzai
Turning certain brain cells on and off with light — a technique called optogenetics — is one of the most important tools in neuroscience . It allows scientists to test basic ideas about how brains work . But because waves of visible light do n't penetrate living tissue well , the technique requires the insertion of a conduit for the light into the brain — a very thin fiber optic cable .
For the first time , researchers say , they have done the same with ultrasound , opening the way to a noninvasive way to probe the functions of neurons . They call the technique sonogenetics . They achieved this in a microscopic worm , a creature so simple that it does n't have a brain . But it does have neurons , which have a great deal in common with the neurons in more complex animals that make up the brain and nervous system . If the technique works in more complex animals , it would mean a noninvasive way to do basic research , and perhaps even treat brain circuits .
“ Previous studies have shown if you use ultrasound , you can manipulate the nervous system , ” said Sreekanth H. Chalasani of the Salk Institute in San Diego and senior author of a recent report in Nature Communications that describes the research . But , he said , nobody had shown that , with genetic modifications , specific neurons could be targeted .
“ It 's going to be a viable technique , ” said William Tyler , a neuroscientist at Arizona State University , who said the ability to zero in on one neuron or a group of neurons without having to insert anything into the body was “ unparalleled . ”
Driving through farm country this week - lush green fields , huge blue skies , produce stands filled to bursting - I was listening to a piece on the radio about the 40th anniversary of Woodstock . They played Joni 's song , of course , and I sang along at the top of my alone-in-the-car lungs . `` We are stardust , we are golden , and we 've got to get ourselves back to the garden . ''
In the 1970s , hippies like me `` went back to the land '' , taking up residence on small farms across the continent . Refugees from cities and suburbs , we had visions of Arcadia . Only we were going to do it our way - friends called their cow Hamburger , on the theory that it would make it easier when it came time to turn her into meat .
Now , for reasons the same and new - but with more urgency - people of all ages are looking for ways to get back to the garden . Or at least be able to eat from one . And this time , we have pioneers like Tim Wightman to help lead us .
Tim 's family were farmers in Wisconsin , where his childhood intersected with the low point in the history of family farms . While his father lost interest in the whole business and moved on , Tim was bitten . As a student and young man , he worked freelance on farms across the state , heading west to take part in the wheat harvest each fall . By the fall of 1979 , when he was ready to try farming on his own , the economics had changed so dramatically that it just was n't possible . `` Money was being handed out to consolidate the industry . Family farms were dying left and right . ''
Over the next decade , Tim started a horse transportation company , drove truck , and did what he had to do to support his family . But the pull of farming was strong . In the early 90s , he heard about community-supported agriculture ( CSA ) , where a community of individuals pledge support to a farm operation so that the farmland becomes the community 's farm , with the growers and consumers providing mutual support and sharing the risks and benefits of food production . He knew it was time to make his move .
Tim reasoned he could make it work with a small farm like the one he 'd been raised on . Even better , his family 's farm was in an ideal location - Hayward County , in northern Wisconsin , is a major tourist area , a land of lakes and forests . He figured there would be a market for whatever he grew . But every hero 's journey comes with obstacles - although he 'd been told that he would inherit the farm , that did n't happen . So Tim bought his own piece of property , planted a huge garden , and started the first CSA in the area .
One success led to another , and Tim 's business flourished . When Fortune magazine named Hayward County one of the best places to live in the US , more people came . Tim and his partners opened a bakery . An organics store . And a restaurant . `` We were doing what Alice Waters had done in California with local , seasonal cuisine , without ever having heard of her . It just made sense to us to use great-tasting ingredients - grown right here - in everything we made . ''
`` The way our grandmothers would have cooked ? '' I asked .
`` Exactly ! Our pecan pie recipe , for instance , was researched back to 1878 . We did n't use corn syrup . I can tell you that Southerners on holiday in Wisconsin quickly learned about the pies and drove for miles to get them . ''
Alongside all of this , Tim was fighting an epic battle . He and his dairy farm partner , Clearview Acres , wanted to provide raw milk to local consumers . But the state had other ideas .
A paragraph ca n't possibly do justice to a legal battle that went on for a decade and took a huge toll on Tim and his partners . `` We kept asking the government of Wisconsin - 'Look , we 've got all these people who want raw milk , since you say it 's illegal , tell us how we can do this . ' Finally , they gave us a way to move forward , by selling the animals instead of the milk , and building separate buildings and introducing protocols . '' Tim and his partners were ultimately successful , and people can now get raw milk in Wisconsin . `` We started with 40 families , quickly went to 80 , and before long were providing raw milk to 365 families . '' For more about the legal battle , see realmilk.com [ http : //realmilk.com/ ] and farmtoconsumer.org . And if you 're interested in safety protocols for clean , safe raw milk , read Tim 's Raw Milk Handbook .
Today , Tim is helping others nudge government into the new millennium ( and fend off the multinational food producers operating behind the scenes ) . He 's working with a farm consumer legal defence fund . [ http : //www.farmtoconsumer.org/ ]
A few years back , he sold the business , and thought about retiring . Instead , and in addition to advocacy , he 's helping people who want to be part of the burgeoning locavore movement realize their dreams . `` People think that you have to have a big property , because that 's the only way to fit into the food system , '' he told me . `` But that 's not true . ''
`` So , what would you say to emerging New Radicals ? '' I asked .
Here are his top three tips .
1 . Think small .
`` People think they ca n't be economically sound on 15 or 20 acres , but I say different . If you have a passion for growing things , if you want to feed people , it can be done on very small acreages , even in urban gardens . Plus , the science is there now about how to grow excellent crops and build the soil the same time . ''
2 . Find the choir .
`` There 's a much bigger movement out there than many people realize . You just need to find them . And not just farmers or producers . I 'm talking about alternative health care practitioners and trainers in gyms . People who know that what people put in their mouths is important . '' ( For resources , keep reading . )
3 . You are what you eat .
`` You can make a radical change right now by deciding where you 'll get your food - supporting local farmers and feeling better for it in every way . You can do something three times a day that improves your health and changes the face of the earth . ''
For baby boomers like me , Woodstock was a powerful event - we saw just how big our tribe was . If you 're dreaming about going back to the land , you might want to see just how many people there are who share your vision . Check out this extraordinary site , Organic Nation TV , founded by the delightful Dorothee Royal-Hedinger . [ http : //www.organicnation.tv/ ] And Tim also highly recommends Acres USA [ http : //www.acresusa.com ] . `` It 's probably the best library for understanding locally-produced food - they 've been cataloguing this stuff for 35 years . ''
Please share your experiences - including with urban farming ! - by posting a comment below , or by emailing me directly . I 'm taking a page out of fellow HuffPo blogger Gretchen Rubin 's book , and looking for new ways to share my email address ( too much spam ! ) . The first part is julia ( then that familiar symbol ) . The second part is wearethenewradicals ( then a period , then a com ) . ( If anyone knows a simpler way to express this - please share it with me ! )
* * *
Julia Moulden 's new book is We Are The New Radicals : A Manifesto for Reinventing Yourself and Saving the World . [ http : //www.wearethenewradicals.com ] She gives speeches [ http : //www.speakers.ca ] , and writes them for the world 's most visionary leaders . [ http : //www.juliamoulden.com ]
LONDON ( Reuters ) - An updated edition of a mental health bible for doctors may include diagnoses for “ disorders ” such as toddler tantrums and binge eating , experts say , and could mean that soon no-one will be classed as normal .
A patient watches TV at the activity room at a mental hospital of Changzhi , north China 's Shanxi province May 18 , 2007 . REUTERS/Stringer
Leading mental health experts gave a briefing on Tuesday to warn that a new edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM ) , which is being revised now for publication in 2013 , could devalue the seriousness of mental illness and label almost everyone as having some kind of disorder .
Citing examples of new additions like “ mild anxiety depression , ” “ psychosis risk syndrome , ” and “ temper dysregulation disorder , ” they said many people previously seen as perfectly healthy could in future be told they are ill .
“ It 's leaking into normality . It is shrinking the pool of what is normal to a puddle , ” said Til Wykes of the Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London .
The DSM is published by the American Psychiatric Association ( APA ) and contains descriptions , symptoms , and other criteria for diagnosing mental disorders . It is seen as the global diagnostic bible for the field of mental health medicine .
The criteria are designed to provide clear definitions for professionals who treat patients with mental disorders , and for researchers and pharmaceutical drug companies seeking to develop new ways of treating them .
Wykes and colleagues Felicity Callard , also of Kings ' Institute of Psychiatry , and Nick Craddock of Cardiff University 's department of psychological medicine and neurology , said many in the psychiatric community are worried that the further the guidelines are expanded , the more likely it will become that nobody will be classed as normal any more .
“ Technically , with the classification of so many new disorders , we will all have disorders , ” they said in a joint statement . “ This may lead to the belief that many more of us ‘ need ' drugs to treat our ‘ conditions ' — ( and ) many of these drugs will have unpleasant or dangerous side effects . ”
The scientists said “ psychosis risk syndrome ” diagnosis was particularly worrying , since it could falsely label young people who may only have a small risk of developing an illness .
“ It 's a bit like telling 10 people with a common cold that they are “ at risk for pneumonia syndrome ” when only one is likely to get the disorder , ” Wykes told the briefing .
The American Psychiatric Association did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
The scientists gave examples from the previous revision to the DSM , which was called DSM 4 and included broader diagnoses and categories for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) , autism and childhood bipolar disorders .
This , they said , had “ contributed to three false epidemics ” of these conditions , particularly in the United States .
“ During the last decade , how many doctors were harangued by worried parents into giving drugs like Ritalin to children who did n't really need it ? , ” their statement asked .
Millions of people across the world , many of them children , take ADHD drugs including Novartis ' Ritalin , which is known generically as methylphenidate , and similar drugs such as Shire Plc 's Adderall and Vyvanse . In the United States alone , sales of these drugs was about $ 4.8 billion in 2008 .
Wykes and Callard published a comment in The Journal of Mental Health expressing their concern about the upcoming DSM revision and highlighting another 10 or more papers in the same journal from other scientists who were also worried . DSM 5 is due to be published in May 2013 .
An interesting figure in the 2011 census data released is that 1.88 lakh people in Tamil Nadu chose ‘ no religion ' under religion preference in the form . Of these 1.88 lakh people , 53 % were revealed to be women .
According to the 2011 census data , there are 6,31,88,168 Hindus and 44,18,331 Christians in Tamil Nadu .
A Deccan Herald report says that 5.82 lakh​ people in Uttar Pradesh , 4.04 lakh in Andhra Pradesh , 2.86 lakh​ in Maharashtra , 2.52 lakh in Bihar , 2.28 lakh in West Bengal , 1.88 lakh in Tamil Nadu and 1.66 lakh​ in Karnataka did not reveal their religion in the Census .
While Dravidar Kazhagam ( DK ) leader K Veeramani said that there should be other religious preferences like atheist and rationalist added in the census table , this is an interesting finding that has emerged .
It is unclear whether the people chose not to reveal their religion or did not find a suitable option in the census form .
It has n't been a good week for Ireland .
The discourse in Britain about Irish concerns over the border on the island of Ireland after Brexit has deteriorated rapidly and US President Donald Trump had attacked American companies for locating operations here .
It comes as Ireland is being increasingly associated with complex tax avoidance by multinationals .
This week Nobel prize winning economist Joseph Stiglitz told the Irish Times that the country was part of a `` fiscal paradise '' used by companies to `` park money and avoid paying taxes '' .
In the background is another row which resurfaced this week and has the potential to lead to worsening relations with both Europe and Apple .
The Department of Finance said it would be next year before €13bn in back tax would be collected from the iPhone maker and stopped short of naming a specific date .
To rewind a little , last year the EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager issued a determination that Apple owed the gargantuan sum of money to Ireland and set a deadline of January of this year for the funds to be transferred .
Ireland is challenging the judgement but has to collect the money in the meantime .
It failed the meet the January deadline . In October Ms Vestager threw down the gauntlet and said the Commission is taking Ireland to the European Court of Justice because of the delay .
There are practical difficulties about managing the €13bn to ensure that it can be returned to Apple with interest in an era of negligible returns if the Government wins its case against Ms Vestager 's determination .
There have been protracted negotiations between the company and Ireland about how the money should be handled .
But that problem should have been overcome long before now .
Now Irish authorities believe Apple is dragging its heels and frustration has become clear in the past few weeks .
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said : `` We do n't want to be in a situation where the Irish Government has to take Apple to court because the Commission is taking the Irish Government to court . ''
He added : `` I think that message is understood . ''
Apple confirmed in 2013 in the US Senate the two of its subsidiaries in Ireland paid 2 % tax .
If Mr Varadkar wants to prevent further damage to Ireland 's international reputation he will need to turn up the heat on Apple to collect the money . That time has come .
Comment via Twitter @ davidmurphyRTE
About
We 're a HIP-HOP band out of Delaware & Philadelphia
[ DF+DKG ] - writes produces , and performs music in all different genres , while maintaining a hiphop soul and essence in their songs . The band has three members , Chris CEO , Jay-Real and illWillMatic . CEO handles the mixing and production , Jay is the blueprint maker when it comes to songs , and illWillMatic makes sure it all comes together in a whole .
All the members perform vocal talents as well . The group has influences from all kinds of artists with unique styles in their music , so it 's guaranteed that every track made is different then the previous .
The goal of being on kickstarter is to make the band 's Documentarym which shows the band on their days through music , film , family drama , and getting the music out . Being as the bands from Delaware , it might give people insight on what the state is like also .
`` The hip-hop scene in DE is really non-existent , or mostly commercial songs that trickled down from our neighboring states '' . ~Listeners from DE
The film will span 3 months , in locations like Delaware , Philadelphia and New York . Delaware will show the bands current life as the starting faze to the whole story and informing people about each member of the band . Philadelphia scenes will bring viewers closer to the struggle of music making as we will see people that have n't made it , , and those that that are up and coming . Also showing the band preparing and performing their songs onstage . New York will be the final setting , where the band have finished their material and will hook up with connection in the big apple to finalize and distribute the film , and music .
The funds from kickstarter will go to the band , for equipment , obstacles , and exposure The majority of the money will pay for .
* [ Music ] Mixing , Mastering , Sample Clearance , and Copyright
* [ Video ] Cameras , Harddrives , and Equipment . * [ Distribution ] Shipping , Formatting , and Pressing * [ Fan-Gear ] Shirts , Posters , and Special Items * [ ETC ] Servers , Drums , Guitar , Trumpet , Travel , and Dues for Filming Locations
But in the meantime it always gives us support in knowing people are there for us . We have a facebook fan page , so just type in DF+DKG in your Facebook search bar and add us !
And of course Donations ! Please support true artists , who support their supporters : )
Video Made by : CEO Songs Produced by : DF+DKG Icons & SVG 's from : TheNounProject.com
HELP SUPPORT ARTISTS THAT SUPPORT THEIR FANS ! ! [ DF+DKG ]
Theo Smith 's home for the past year has been a tent in a Woolloomooloo park and in that time he 's made a few improvements , using a solar generator to run a small fridge-freezer , a kettle and a 32-inch TV .
But when it comes to washing his clothes , he has no such modern conveniences , usually having to line up at a local men 's hostel or spend up to $ 50 of his pension at a laundromat .
`` If you 're not ( at the hostel ) early , you miss out , '' the 55-year-old said . `` The other alternative is the laundromat but it costs a lot . I fill those stripey bags and it 's between $ 40 or $ 50 . ''
A free mobile laundry for Sydney 's homeless to be launched on Friday will meet this most basic need , with the 21-year-old co-founders saying it will provide dignity and respect as well as clean clothes .
Banana Facts 3 medium size bananas weigh approximately 1 pound .
A cluster of bananas is called a hand and consists of 10 to 20 bananas , which are known as fingers .
As bananas ripen , the starch in the fruit turns to sugar . Therefore , the riper the banana the sweeter it will taste .
Bananas are a good source of vitamin C , potassium and dietary fiber .
Bananas are America 's # 1 fruit .
Bananas are available all year-round . They are harvested every day of the year .
Bananas are great for athletic and fitness activity because they replenish necessary carbohydrates , glycogen and body fluids burned during exercise .
Bananas have no fat , cholesterol or sodium .
Bananas were officially introduced to the American public at the 1876 Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition . Each banana was wrapped in foil and sold for 10 cents . Before that time , bananas came to America on the decks of sailing ships as sailors took a few stems home after traveling in the Caribbean .
In 2001 , there were more than 300 banana-related accidents in Britain , most involving people slipping on skins .
In Eastern Africa you can buy banana beer . This beer is brewed from bananas .
Over 96 % of American households purchase bananas at least once each month .
Some horticulturists suspect that the banana was the earth 's first fruit . Banana plants have been in cultivation since the time of recorded history . One of the first records of bananas dates back to Alexander the Great 's conquest of India where he first discovered bananas in 327 B.C .
The average American consumes over 28 pounds of bananas each year . Banana Trivia provided by corsinet.com
Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell :
D.R . Horton—The home builder earned 45 cents per share for its latest quarter , missing estimates by 3 cents , though revenue came in above estimates . The company made upbeat comments about its revenue and profit growth prospects on the heels of a more than 20 percent increase in net sales orders during October .
Vodafone—Vodafone raised its earnings forecast for the full year , following improvement in demand for its mobile services .
Alibaba—The China-based online retailer said its annual Singles ' Day sales hit a record high , surging past the $ 7 billion mark .
Zynga—Jefferies upgraded the online game developer to `` buy '' from `` hold , '' citing the fast-growing mobile business and the growing popularity of Words With Friends .
Darden Restaurants—KeyBanc upgraded the Olive Garden parent to `` buy '' from `` hold , '' saying Olive Garden 's menu revamp is likely to reverse an earnings decline over the next 12 months .
Time Warner—Goldman Sachs upgraded Time Warner shares to `` buy '' from `` neutral , '' saying HBO is an under-appreciated asset and that the Warner Brothers unit is entering an accelerated content cycle .
Juniper Networks—CEO Shaygan Kheradpir resigned from his post . His departure comes amid board issues with his leadership and conduct . Executive vice president Rami Rahim has been named as Kheradpir 's replacement .
Rackspace—The web hosting company earned 18 cents per share for its latest quarter , beating estimates by 2 cents , with revenue also above estimates , although its current quarter revenue forecast is below consensus . Rackspace also approved a $ 500 million stock buyback program over the next two years .
Caesars Entertainment—Caesars posted a greater than expected third quarter loss , with revenue coming in below consensus as well . The casino operator 's results were hurt by an increase in interest expenses , as well as smaller tax benefits .
Halcon Resources—The company earned an adjusted 3 cents per share for its latest quarter , missing estimates by 3 cents . Revenue was below consensus , and the oil driller also gave below-consensus guidance for 2015 . CEO Floyd Wilson said the company believes `` the precipitous drop in crude prices calls for conservatism '' .
Bloomin ' Brands—The company announced an 18 million share secondary offering , as Bain Capital reduces its stake in the owner of Outback Steakhouse .
El Pollo Loco—The restaurant chain will sell six million shares currently held by various shareholders , while Sprouts Farmers Market will sell 15 million shares current held by Apollo Management .
United Continental—The airline said its October passenger traffic rose 0.4 percent , but its `` load factor , '' or the percentage of available seats filled , fell 0.2 percentage points compared to a year earlier .
General Electric—The company issued a securities filing linking the compensation of Chief Executive Jeff Immelt to certain cash and operating profit margin goals over the next three years .
Microsoft—The software and services company will roll out its first Lumia phone without the Nokia name this month . The Lumia 535 , which will contain the Windows Phone 8.1 operating system , will be priced at approximately $ 137 .
Apple—The company has hired a dedicated sales team to accelerate its foray into the workplace , according to Reuters .
Few head coach coaches in the country have as difficult a job as Brian Knorr , Indiana 's newly hired defensive coordinator . He 's tasked with fixing an historical woeful defense that allowed nearly 40 points per game in 2013 . But that 's not where the horror ends , it 's just the beginning .
In the past five seasons , the Hoosiers have given up at least five touchdowns per game . Knorr 's first objective is to simply get a respectable unit on the field . In Kevin Wilson 's three seasons in Bloomington , Indiana has improved its win total each year , from one to four to five .
The last two years featured successful offenses capable of lifting the Hoosiers to their first bowl game since 2007 . But they were undermined by a creaky defense that gave up 35 or more points 10 times . For the season , Indiana allowed more than 500 yards per game and in eight Big Ten contests , it surrendered a conference-record average of 560 yards .
It left Wilson little choice but to cut ties with Doug Mallory .
“ When you look statistically , we were n't very good , ” Mallory told reporters after being dismissed . “ We 've got some good young players coming back . Great attitude , character kids . Just wanted to be a part of it . ”
Instead , that responsibility falls on Knorr . His first order of business in the spring was installing a 3-4 defense . It 's resulted in some players having to switch positions , but Knorr is a big believer in the scheme , having had success with it at Wake Forest .
As offenses become more explosive , not many defensive coordinators have found a consistent neutralizer . Wisconsin is the only other Big Ten school that uses a 3-4 , and the Badgers saw positive first-year returns in 2013 . Knorr has preached being multiple in the current era , pointing out the levels of complexity in Big Ten offenses that used to be mundane and plodding .
“ The No . 1 thing is our confidence on defense . You ca n't just snap your fingers and get it , ” Knorr said after being hired . “ That 's something we 'll have to grow and work on , not just this spring , but in winter workouts . ”
Knorr 's track record brings instant credibility to Indiana 's beleaguered defense . Wake Forest 's 2013 unit ranked 38th nationally , 34th against the run and 32nd in yards allowed . At each of his previous stops – Ohio University and Air Force – Knorr took over underwhelming defenses and propped them back up not only to respectability but among the best in their conference .
2014 Schedule
Date Opponent 8/30 Indiana State 9/13 @ Bowling Green 9/20 @ Missouri 9/27 Maryland 10/4 North Texas 10/11 @ Iowa 10/18 Michigan State ( HC ) 11/1 at Michigan 11/8 Penn State 11/15 @ Rutgers 11/22 @ Ohio State 11/29 Purdue
A major factor in Indiana 's struggles last season was youth – the defense was stockpiled with freshmen and sophomores that were essentially thrown to the wolves . The end result was being gashed for big plays and giving up a handful of touchdowns – at least – each Saturday .
Fast forward one year and the Hoosiers welcome back 10 starters . The recruiting class also was heavy on defensive help , supplying depth for a unit that sorely needed it . Defensive linemen Darius Latham , Ralph Green and Bobby Richardson provide Indiana with a powerful trio up front .
“ Some of our strengths are up front . I was pretty excited when I watched film on them , ” Knorr said . “ We were a little more speed conscious in the ACC , but the Big Ten being such a physical conference , it 's a little different recruiting , a little bigger kid . We wo n't have as many [ defensive backs ] as we 've had on the field in the ACC . We 're looking for a more physical player . ”
The 3-4 scheme sets up nicely with the Hoosiers ' personnel . Linebacker is arguably the deepest position on defense . David Cooper , Marcus Oliver , T.J. Simmons , Flo Hardin , Clyde Newton and Nick Mangieri are first-team type players that can rotate and the unit above water .
In the secondary , Greg Heban is the only departure from last year , but safeties Mark Murphy and Antonio Allen missed spring drills . Still , players and coaches see a more physical , ball-attacking defensive unit .
Indiana 's offense is a double-edged sword . Sure , it 's nice to put points on the board , which the Hoosiers did frequently last season – they ranked ninth nationally in total offense – but the quick strikes put the defense on the field with little rest . Getting of the field on third down became kryptonite for Indiana .
The spring featured 1s versus 1s to force the defense to face its weaknesses head on – high-octane offense , no rest , few substitutions , etc . What Knorr discovered was a newfound confidence .
“ It 's a challenge in college football . The rules continue to favor the offense , ” he said . “ It 's a challenge to be a defensive coordinator . But it 's exciting , especially in this league . There is a tremendous diversity in schemes in this conference . ”
“ The rules continue to favor the offense . It 's a challenge to be a defensive coordinator . But it 's exciting , especially in this league . There is a tremendous diversity in schemes in this conference. ” – Brian Knorr
There 's no mistaking what the objective for the 2014 Hoosiers is : a bowl game . Six wins is the magic number , and with Ohio State , Michigan State , Michigan , Iowa and Missouri on the schedule , a postseason berth appears daunting .
But the offense should give then a chance in every game . Wide receivers Cody Latimer and Kofi Hughes may be gone , but Shame Wynn is still there to harass opponents . The spring game offered a glimpse of what he can do in the fall – five receptions for 141 yards .
Pair him with running back Tevin Coleman and a two-headed monster at quarterback and the Hoosiers ' offense gives off the appearance of scarlet and gray , not crimson and cream .
Nate Sudfeld and Tre Roberson helped Indiana establish school records in points and yards per game . Sudfeld completed 60.2 percent of his passes for 2,523 yards with 21 touchdowns and nine interceptions . The dual-threat Roberson had a 60.1 percent completion percentage for 1,128 yards with 15 touchdowns and four interceptions . He also rushed for 423 yards and five touchdowns .
As far who will start in 2014 , it 's anyone 's guess . But it 's also irrelevant because both will play .
“ Really with Tre , just getting him to relax and throw the ball , he 's very good , ” offensive coordinator Kevin Johns said . “ What happens is he gets nervous , he grips the ball too tight , he over strides – little things . He tries too hard to be honest with you . But when that kid just goes out with a smile on his face and relaxes , he 's capable of some very big things . As is the other guy as well , but Tre throws the ball very well when he can just relax and play . ”
And in Tresselian fashion , there are concerns about the Hoosiers ' kicking game . School-record holder Mitch Ewald is off to the NFL . But if the offense stays efficient and the defense pushes toward the middle half of the Big Ten , kicking will be of little consequence .
Pot , the pension tax and `` revenge porn '' are among the issues Greater Lansing lawmakers hope to tackle in the 2015-16 legislative term . ( Photo : file photos )
Pot , the pension tax and `` revenge porn '' are among the issues Greater Lansing lawmakers hope to tackle in the 2015-16 legislative term .
Senators and representatives from the 98th Legislature , including the 11 who represent the Lansing region , will be officially sworn on Wednesday at the Capitol . But local lawmakers have already set far-reaching goals for the next two years .
That includes unfinished business for the eight legislators who were reelected in November .
State Rep. Mike Callton , R-Nashville , for example , wants to continue his push for legislation that would expand and better regulate access to medical marijuana . State Sen. Rick Jones , R-Grand Ledge , wants to reintroduce a bill protecting active-duty military personnel from losing custody of their children while they 're serving overseas , and wants to pass legislation cracking down on so-called revenge porn , which involves taking intimate photos or video made to share with a lover and posting it online as retaliation .
The area 's three freshmen legislators , meanwhile , will bring new ideas .
State Rep. Tom Barrett , R-Potterville , who ousted one-term Democrat Theresa Abed in November , said one of the first bills he plans to introduce would repeal the state 's controversial pension tax . State Sen. Curtis Hertel Jr. , D-Meridian Township , who replaced term-limited East Lansing Democrat Gretchen Whitmer , said he wants to push a bill requiring the state to recognize same-sex marriages from other states and another that would restore the state 's tax credit for child care .
And state Rep. Brett Roberts , R-Eaton Township , who replaces Mike Shirkey after Shirkey was elected to the state Senate , said he hopes to introduce bills expanding broadband connections and other infrastructure in rural areas . He also wants to improve access to vocational education .
That issue , touted by Gov . Rick Snyder in his inaugural address on New Year 's Day , should gain bipartisan support because `` we have thousands of jobs here in the state of Michigan that are currently not being filled because we do n't have young men and women qualified to take those jobs , '' said state Rep. Tom Leonard , R-DeWitt Township , who will be speaker pro-tem this term .
Other goals : State Sen. Mike Nofs , R-Battle Creek , is working with the Snyder administration on energy policy issues and could introduce bills later this year . State Rep. Sam Singh , D-East Lansing , who will be minority floor leader this term , said he 'll push for more investment in education and renewable energy and return to last term 's failed effort to add workplace protections for gays , lesbians and transgender individuals . State Rep. Tom Cochran , D-Mason , said Democrats need to do more to reach out to small businesses this term , which he called `` the engines that create the majority of job growth . ''
State Rep. Ben Glardon , R-Owosso , wants to pass a bill setting credential requirements for radiology technicians and another that would allow municipalities with an A credit rating be treated as AA-rated groups when it comes to selling bonds .
And some legislators are planning bills they said would directly affect Greater Lansing .
State Rep. Andy Schor , D-Lansing , said his first act will be to reintroduce a bill , inspired by Lansing 's problem-plagued Life O'Riley Mobile Park , that would give municipalities more oversight of such facilities . Leonard said he 'd like to push legislation that would lower the state 's auto insurance rates . He said making insurance more affordable would encourage more people to sign up , which would help agencies such as the Delta Township-based Auto-Owners Insurance .
And Singh said budget discussions beginning this month would have implications for the region . Early forecasts of a budget shortfall could mean tightened belts for state departments and their employees , a big economic bloc for the region .
`` This spring will be a busy time for all of us , '' he said .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.lsj.com/1IGCBqJ
The New Mexico legislature is currently considering legislation that would result in the sale of its Spaceport America . The bill , SB 267 , moved from the Senate Corporations and Transportation Committee to the Senate Finance Committee in a vote yesterday . No hearing date on the legislation has been scheduled in the Finance Committee as of this writing .
The legislation is sponsored by Senator George K. Muñoz , who did n't mince any words in a statement regarding the legislation .
`` Spaceport has one launch director . He probably plowed a lot of snow but he 's never hit a launch button , '' he told the Committee .
The spaceport opened to a great deal of fanfare in 2011 with an eye to being a hub for space startups and tourism . SpaceX leases space there to conduct tests of its reusable rocket designs , and other small space startups like Armadillo Aerospace and UP Aerospace have conducted test flights at the facility .
The main draw for the spaceport , though , is its anchor tenant , Virgin Galactic , which plans to use the site for its tourist operations . However , the past few years have seen continuous delays in Virgin 's plans to get its space tourism operations off the ground . Those operations have been delayed even further by the the crash of its SpaceShipTwo last Fall .
`` There was a lot of hoopla before that if 'We build it , they will come , ' but it 's been several years now and nobody 's shown up yet , '' Muñoz said in his statement . `` New Mexican taxpayers are continuing to foot the bill for a $ 250 million empty facility that is providing the Legislature shaky operational information at best . ''
Senator Muñoz also stated that he feels `` that Virgin Galactic is in violation of its lease . ''
Virgin Galactic emailed me the following statement on the matter :
Virgin Galactic remains fully committed to the efforts of NMSA and Spaceport America . We have made a lot of progress on the build of our second spaceship , and our plans for commercial operations remain the same : we will test in California and operate our spaceline from New Mexico . We signed a 20 year lease with the State and have been paying rent monthly since January 2013 . We are committed to our New Mexico suppliers and New Mexico based staff and will continue to add both . It 's also clear that the State of New Mexico remains committed to Spaceport America and values its enduring role in commercial space history . As Spaceport America 's anchor tenant , we support its efforts to attract other tenants and to reach its full sustainable potential .
If the bill passes , the Spaceport will be required to put together a marketing plan by October 2015 , and to maintain the facility in the same conditions until a sale is finalized .
On thing that 's not clear , though , is exactly who the buyers would be . There are now several FAA certified commercial spaceports in the country and some of them , such as the Midland Air and Spaceport in Texas , already have space startups with offices on site .
`` I do n't know who would want to buy a spaceport , '' Bill Ostrove , an industry analyst for Forecast International told me . `` I do n't really see a private airport operator buying them , since it would be a very risky investment . Space is very popular among wealthy people and people in the tech industry right now . So someone from that domain may be interested , even if it is just to get in on the industry in some way . It 's possible that no one would buy it . Then the New Mexico government would have to decide if they want to keep funding the spaceport or not . ''
If the spaceport is purchased , Ostrove said , it likely would n't have any impact on the companies that use it . What 's more important , he thinks , is what this bill represents .
`` The legislation is a reflection on the frustration that a lot of people have with how slow space tourism is moving . New Mexico has invested about $ 250 million on the spaceport and has nothing to show for it yet . ''
Beware serious spoilers below for first two episodes of Star Wars Rebels !
On episode 39 of Now , This Is Podcasting ! Jason , Randy and Jeremy delve into a slew of new Star Wars news , including :
Could Maisie Richardson-Sellers still be cast in Star Wars : Episode VII ?
Latino Review scoops on Billie Lourd , Mandalorians galore , and “ Sith Witches ” ?
Has Oscar Isaac 's role in Episode VII been expanded due to Harrison Ford 's on-set injury ? Disney says no .
New ideas about the plot of Episode VII as well as John Boyega 's role in the film .
PLUS ! Incredible and mind blowing new spoilers containing the main story beats of the first two episodes of Star Wars Rebels written by Simon Kinberg . Keep scrolling for MakingStarWars ' DETAILED notes on the episodes .
Subscribe on iTunes and find us on Stitcher for Android and iOS !
Stop reading now if you do n't want to be spoiled for Star Wars Rebels !
Pink Hair On a Stick ( also known as fairy floss in Australia [ 1 ] and candy floss in the UK , Ireland , New Zealand , South Africa , Egypt , India and Sri Lanka ) is a form of spun sugar . The confection is mostly sugar , with small amounts of either flavoring or food coloring often being added . [ 2 ]
Cotton candy is made by heating and liquefying sugar and spinning it out through minute holes . It resolidifies in minutely thin strands of `` sugar glass '' . [ 3 ] . The final cotton candy contains mostly air , with a typical serving weighing around 1 ounce or 28 grams . It is often served at fairs , circuses , carnivals , and Japanese festivals , and sold on a stick or in a plastic bag . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
Similar light halva confections include the Indian sohan papdi and pootharekulu , the Persian pashmak , and the Turkish pişmaniye , although the latter is made with flour and water in addition to sugar . Tatar cuisine has similar flour-honey sweet sawdust talqysh-kalava . Similar sweets include Chinese dragon's-beard candy and Korean honey skein kkul-tarae .
History [ edit ]
cabane à sucre ( sugar shack ) , Pakenham , Canada Maple-flavored cotton candy at the ( sugar shack ) , Pakenham , Canada
Several places claim the origin of cotton candy , with some sources tracing it to a form of spun sugar found in Europe in the 19th century . At that time , spun sugar was an expensive , labor-intensive endeavor and was not generally available to the average person . [ 7 ] Others suggest versions of spun sugar originated in Italy as early as the 15th century . [ 8 ]
Machine-spun cotton candy was invented in 1897 by dentist William Morrison and confectioner John C. Wharton , and first introduced to a wide audience at the 1904 World 's Fair as `` Fairy Floss '' [ 9 ] with great success , selling 68,655 boxes at 25¢ per box ( equivalent to $ 6 [ 10 ] per box today ) . Joseph Lascaux , a dentist from New Orleans , Louisiana , invented a similar cotton candy machine in 1921 . In fact , the Lascaux patent named the sweet confection “ cotton candy ” and the `` fairy floss '' name faded away , although it retains this name in Australia . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] In the 1970s , an automatic cotton candy machine was created which made the product and packaged it . This made it easier to produce and available to sell at carnivals , fairs , and stores in the 1970s and on .
Tootsie Roll Industries of Canada Ltd. , the world 's largest cotton-candy manufacturer , makes a bagged , fruit-flavored version called Fluffy Stuff . [ 13 ]
The United States declared National Cotton Candy Day to be on December 7 . [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
Production [ edit ]
Typical machines used to make cotton candy include a spinning head enclosing a small `` sugar reserve '' bowl into which a charge of granulated , colored sugar ( or separate sugar and food coloring ) is poured . Heaters near the rim of the head melt the sugar , which is squeezed out through tiny holes by centrifugal force . Colored sugar packaged specially for the process is milled with melting characteristics and a crystal size optimized for the head and heated holes ; granulated sugar used in baking contains fine crystals which spin out unmelted , while rock sugar crystals are too large to properly contact the heater , slowing the production of cotton candy . [ citation needed ]
The molten sugar solidifies in the air and is caught in a larger bowl which totally surrounds the spinning head . Left to operate for a period , the cotton-like product builds up on the inside walls of the larger bowl , at which point machine operators twirl a stick or cone around the rim of the large catching bowl , gathering the sugar strands into portions which are served on stick or cone , or in plastic bags . As the sugar reserve bowl empties , the operator recharges it with more feedstock . The product is sensitive to humidity , and in humid summer locales , the process can be messy and sticky .
Modern innovations in cotton-candy equipment include vending machines which automatically produce single servings of the product , developed in Taiwan , [ 16 ] and lighted or glowing sticks .
Flavoring [ edit ]
Pink and blue cotton candy
The source material for candy mesh is usually both colored and flavored . When spun , cotton candy is white because it is made from sugar , but adding dye or coloring transforms the color . Originally , cotton candy was just white . In the US , what 's known as 'floss sugar ' is available in a wide variety of flavors , but two flavor-blend colors predominate – 'blue raspberry ' and 'pink vanilla ' [ citation needed ] , both originally formulated by the Gold Medal brand ( which uses the names 'Boo Blue ' and 'Silly Nilly ' ) . Cotton candy also comes out purple , when mixed , making a significant favorite at fairs . Cotton candy machines were notoriously unreliable until Gold Medal 's invention of a sprung base in 1949 , and since then , they have manufactured nearly all commercial cotton-candy machines and much of the floss sugar in the US . [ 17 ]
Typically , once spun , cotton candy is only marketed by color . Absent a clear name other than 'blue ' , the distinctive taste of the blue raspberry flavor mix has gone on to become a compound flavor that some other foods ( gum , ice cream , rock candy , fluoride toothpaste ) occasionally borrow ( `` cotton-candy flavored ice cream '' ) to invoke the nostalgia of cotton candy that people typically only get to experience on vacation or holidays . Pink bubble gum went through a similar transition from specific branded product to a generic flavor that transcended the original confection , and 'bubble gum flavor ' often shows up in the same product categories as 'cotton candy flavor ' . [ citation needed ]
Machines [ edit ]
In 1978 , the first automated machine was used for the production of cotton candy . Since then , the creations and innovations of this machine have become greater and greater . They range in sizes from counter-top accessible to party and carnival size . Modern machines that are made for commercial use can hold up to 3 pounds ( 1.4 kg ) of sugar and have compartments for storage of extra flavors . The rotating bowl at the top spins at 3,450 revolutions per minute . [ 18 ]
Gallery [ edit ]
Cotton-candy making , Satkhira , Bangladesh
Cotton-candy vendor , Bangladesh
Girl eating cotton candy , Russia
Spinning head of the cotton-candy maker
European cotton-candy street machine , Poland
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
About NCpedia
NCpedia is an online encyclopedia about North Carolina , U.S.A. As of March 1 , 2017 , NCpedia included 7,115 entries and 7,488 images ! Learn more .
Popular Topics
Quick facts about North Carolina
Browse
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Browse by topic Browse by location Audio
Browse articles from :
Commemorative Landscapes of North Carolina ( University of North Carolina Chapel Hill )
Dictionary of North Carolina Biography ( University of North Carolina Press )
Encyclopedia of North Carolina ( University of North Carolina Press )
`` Listening to History '' ( News & Observer )
North Carolina Gazetteer : A Dictionary of Tar Heel Places and Their History ( University of North Carolina Press )
NC WINS ( North Carolina Wildlife Information Network Share )
Research Branch ( NC Office of Archives & History )
Tar Heel Junior Historian magazine ( NC Museum of History )
UNC Chapel Hill Libraries
In the News
South Davidson Middle School in Denton , NC uses NCpedia for student projects ! Check out interactive , multimedia biography projects using NCpedia created by students for some of the state 's famous musicians at http : //sms.davidson.k12.nc.us/departments/finearts/carolhinson/collaborative_projects/ !
Monuments , memorials , and more from University of North Carolina Chapel Hill 's Commemorative Landscapes of North Carolina project are now available at http : //ncpedia.org/category/entry-source/commemorative .
The 2010 edition of The North Carolina Gazetteer , edited by William Powell and Michael Hill and published by University of North Carolina Press , is now available in NCpedia at http : //ncpedia.org/gazetteer . Announcement at http : //ncpedia.org/north-carolina-gazetteer-now .
Add an NCpedia search box to your site !
An NCpedia.org search box may be embedded in almost any Web site . Details are on the Search Widget page .
VANCOUVER ( NEWS1130 ) – BC 's four provincial leaders are in Vancouver tonight to square off in the one and only televised debate of the 2013 campaign . But what about the person whose job it is to keep those politicians in line ?
Veteran broadcaster Jennifer Burke has been tapped for moderator duties . A top communications consultant says she will need to be part-traffic cop and part-referee in order to succeed .
Former TV anchor Russ Froese moderated the last provincial leaders debate in 2009 and says a good moderator never lets their own slant come through .
“ It 's very important to be impartial and be seen to be impartial . It 's important that you do n't play favourites and that the candidates themselves do n't see you as playing favourites . ”
“ It creates a better dialogue if they feel that the umpire , the person in the middle , is being as fair as possible , ” he explains .
“ [ They must ] carry this thing along and make it informative for the people at home , the voters , to help them choose , stick to the format of the debate , not be intimidated , and be informed of the issues . ”
Froese adds a lot of work and a lot of argument goes into the format itself .
“ All the political parties are involved and they all have their own ideas about what order things should be [ in ] , how long people should be allowed to talk , [ and ] how much direct interaction [ or ] rebuttal there should be , ” he explains .
“ Some people want more , some want less ; so , it 's a very hot topic before it even gets to the air . ”
Froese notes the moderator can end up becoming a traffic cop by trying to enforce those preset rules .
“ The problem is , some people in the heat of the debate want to make an immediate rebuttal and it may not be their particular turn . So , that 's where the moderator has to… be forceful but also try to help the dialogue along and the conversation and say , ‘ Listen , I 'm just following the rules that you all agreed on . ' ”
Froese , who shared the Global anchor desk with Burke for a number of years in the 1990s , thinks she 'll do just fine . “ I know Jennifer ; she knows the issues , she 's been in the news game a long time , and she 'll do well . I know she will . ”
One thing Froese like to see is a more open format , as he feels modern debates are too stage-managed to allow voters to really see how well leaders can think on their feet . “ Then they get a much better sense of what that person , that candidate is really like and what they stand for . ”
The 90-minute leades debate is tonight from 6:30 to 8 p.m. You can hear it live and uninterrupted on News1130 and watch it on City .
Sheriff Joe still thinks something is fishy about Obama 's records , and he says he can prove it :
“ Sheriff Arpaio was most disconcerted about the fact that no federal authority ( law enforcement , congress , etc . ) has ever contacted his office and even asked to at least take a look at the voluminous evidence upon which he is sitting in this criminal investigation… ” “ The sheriff also told me , ” Gallups said , “ that they took the investigation 's revelations to the Maricopa County Attorney 's office and the Arizona Attorney General 's office as well as the former Arizona Secretary of State 's office ( the active Secretary of State at the time ) – none would even look at it . To this day , those officials do n't have a clue concerning the magnitude of what the sheriff is sitting on ! … ” The Sheriff concluded the interview by saying , “ I 'm not going away . If it takes more time to investigate this , I 've got a lot of time left . But I want to get it done . I want to get it closed . Being an ex-federal guy for thirty years and working for the Department of Justice , I just ca n't understand why nobody would call . They 've seen our big press conferences . Call ! Say [ to me ] , ‘ what do you get ? Maybe we ought to look at this . It 's a federal violation ! '
One thing that always struck me was that Obama 's kindergarten teacher dated the back of all her class photos when they were taken . When she pulled the photo from the year Obama was supposedly in her class , there was no black child in the photo . A child who appeared to be Obama was found in a class a few years later . Alone it would have meant little , but given how as a gay Marxist Muslim , he went from no-name state legislator to President in a little over four years , and every election he entered was either for an unopposed seat where the incumbent stepped aside , or against a candidate the machinery either disqualified or discredited for him in the run up to the election , it always felt as if there was something unusual in his story . The fiasco in simply releasing his birth certificate , and the unusual custom-made , layered pdf format it was released in only added to the strangeness .
Now , as we watch supposed conservatives in the machine unite with Democrats to try and derail Trump , it appears more than ever the Uniparty has become a power unto itself . The idea of it installing a puppet of their own making seems ever more possible .
This will not go anywhere now , but I have little doubt there is an interesting story somewhere behind the rise of Barack Obama , and in that story , he is probably the least interesting person in it . I 'd expect that at some point , it would all come to light .
With Trump on the fast track to the White House , and his fondness for Sheriff Joe , maybe we wo n't have to wait that long to find out .
Schwarzman did n't have a lot to say about what Trump is doing for women . Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images At a conference about women in the workplace , Blackstone Group founder and CEO Steve Schwarzman was asked about what President Donald Trump was doing for women .
Things got awkward .
Schwarzman , a close friend and ally to the president , initially hesitated before largely talking around the question , redirecting the focus to the president 's daughter , Ivanka Trump , and placing the burden on Congress .
`` What is your long-term view on what President Trump is doing for women , '' a moderator asked Schwarzman on stage this week at The Wall Street Journal 's Women in the Workplace conference .
`` Geez , '' Schwarzman responded , stammering for several seconds before gathering a response .
He continued :
`` The leader in the administration is Ivanka Trump . She 's got a whole agenda of things to do for women . She 's quite aggressive , in a lovely way , to try and press that agenda . `` I 'm not an administrative spokesman , I 'm just here for women 's event . I think there 's a real focus by her and responsiveness actually by her father to that. ``
Trump has often come under fire regarding his treatment of women , the most serious instances including allegations of sexual assault and the vulgar `` Billy Bush '' audio recording in which he described groping women . He 's called the allegations fabrications and passed off the audio recording as `` locker room talk . ''
As recently as last week , he came under fire for rolling back rules requiring employers to provide women birth control , provided it contradicts their religious or moral beliefs .
Schwarzman has lauded Ivanka 's policy proposals in the past , writing an Op-Ed in The Wall Street Journal over the summer endorsing her plan to expand paid family leave benefits for new parents .
When the moderator followed up with Schwarzman about the timeline for Ivanka Trump 's agenda to show some results , Schwarzman deflected responsibility to Congress .
`` Some of that 's really stuff that the Congress has to do , '' Schwarzman said . `` The US Congress has found some pretty unique ways to not accomplish things . ''
You can watch the exchange below :
The White House formally released The President 's Budget for Fiscal Year 2016 yesterday .
Calling it long is an understatement . My summary is in two parts . Today : small business , funding and IRS ( yesterday 's version tackled : individuals , estates and international ) .
Here are some of the highlights :
Small Business
The proposal was n't all about big business . There 's plenty for small business , too . First , the proposal would expand and permanently extend the expensing limit ( good ol ' Section 179 ) for expensing qualifying depreciable property to $ 500,000 ( indexed for inflation ) . The President 's proposal would also increase the limitations for deductible new business expenditures and consolidate the provisions for start-up and organizational expenditures . Under the proposal , up to $ 20,000 of combined new business expenditures could be immediately expensed ( reduced by the amount by which the combined new business expenditures exceed $ 120,000 ) .
My prediction : An easy win .
-
Current accounting rules can be complicated . Under the proposal , small businesses ( those with less than $ 25 million in average gross receipts ) would have a much easier time : they would be allowed to use the cash method of accounting , avoid certain uniform capitalization requirements , use a more convenient inventory method and be exempt from certain accounting requirements . It would also permanently extend the exclusion for capital gains on the sale of certain qualified small business stock ( and related measures ) .
My prediction : A number of these provisions are on the wish list for most small businesses . Congress would be smart to listen and make it happen .
-
The President also proposes a 7 basis point fee on the liabilities of financial firms . The fee is meant to discourage excessive risk-taking .
My prediction : In a Congress filled with folks hoping to make money from those same financial firms , there 's no chance . Also considered anti-growth .
-
The proposal would classify bonds to finance professional sports facilities as taxable private activity bonds if more than 10 % of the facility is used for private business use . What that means is that tax-exempt governmental bond financing of sports facilities with significant private business use by professional sports teams would be eliminated .
My prediction : Americans love their sports teams . Their sports teams love new facilities . New facilities depend on funding . Ergo , Americans love football and baseball too much to let this pass .
-
Remember all the hoopla about tax breaks for corporate jets ? Currently , airplanes used in commercial and contract carrying of passengers and freight are depreciated over seven years while airplanes like corporate jets are depreciated over five years . The President proposes to increase the depreciation recovery period for the latter to seven years .
My prediction : Big breaks for big jets have been news for eons . This particular tax break is n't all that dramatic : not permanent , just an extra two years . This one could sneak in .
-
Calling the current system of taxation of employment income on earnings from pass-through entities `` outdated , unfair , and inefficient , '' the President 's budget would close the loophole ( the President 's word , not mine ) that allows some taxpayers to avoid paying Medicare payroll taxes on those earnings . Under the proposal , owners providing services who materially participate would be subject to Self-Employment Contributions Act ( SECA ) taxes on their distributive shares of pass through income . Owners who do not materially participate would be subject to SECA taxes only on an amount of income equal to reasonable compensation for services provided to the business . Distributions of compensation to owners of professional service S corporations would no longer be treated as wages subject to FICA taxes but would be included in earnings subject to SECA taxes . As before , this provision is targeted to partnerships , S corporations , or other entities providing services in the fields of health , law , engineering , architecture , accounting , actuarial science , performing arts , and consulting , as well as athletics , investment advice or management , brokerage services , and lobbying .
My prediction : As much as it scares me , Congress might actually let this one through . I 'm not a fan of limiting the provisions to professional services as stated - I think it will open up a giant can of worms .
-
Carried interest made big news in the last election and it 's baa-a-ack ! The President 's proposal would tax a partner 's share of income on an `` investment service partnership interest '' ( ISPI ) as ordinary income regardless of how it 's characterized at the partnership level . Additionally , the partner would be required to pay self-employment taxes on that income ; the gain recognized on the sale of an ISPI not attributable to invested capital would generally be taxed as ordinary income .
My prediction : Controversial but may have enough of a history to push through .
-
The President 's proposal would require employers in business for at least two years that have more than ten employees to offer an automatic IRA option to employees . The automatic IRA would provide for regular contributions to an IRA on a payroll-deduction basis . If the employer sponsored a qualified retirement plan , SEP , or SIMPLE for its employees , it would not be required to provide an automatic IRA option .
My prediction : Plans to promote savings - especially those tied to retirement - are generally popular . The potential problem here is the mandatory requirement .
-
The President proposes extending and modifying the Work Opportunity Tax Credit ( WOTC ) and the Indian Employment Credit . The former includes incentives to hire veterans .
My prediction : You ca n't say no to tax breaks for veterans . I would n't be surprised to see a temporary implementation of expanded versions of the credits .
-
The President 's proposal would disallow a deduction for punitive damages paid or incurred by the taxpayer , whether upon a judgment or in settlement of a claim . If covered by insurance , damages would be included in the gross income of the insured .
My prediction : I stashed this under small business because while this is a clear swipe at corporate taxpayers like Bank of America who are perceived as having taken advantage of existing rules that allow deductions for damages , it could have significant consequences for small businesses . This could pass with some modifications .
-
Funding-Related Tax
Science is big right now . We love NASA in particular so it 's no surprise that the President opened his budget with a focus on science . He 's earmarked more than $ 3 billion for science , technology , engineering and math ( STEM ) education . With respect to taxes , the President proposes making permanent the Research and Experimentation Tax Credit ( sometimes called the R & E Tax Credit ) .
My prediction : I do n't see NASA or most other science agencies taking a hit in funding . Expanding and making permanent the R & E Tax Credit is a possibility with what 's sure to be a business-friendly Congress .
-
The President is opposed to raising the federal gas tax but in favor of improving the infrastructure . His `` ambitious '' ( his word , not mine ) infrastructure proposal would outlay $ 478 billion over six years . While meant to improve America 's roads , bridges , transit systems , and railways , the proposal also calls for repairing existing transportation infrastructure and new investments in transit , intercity passenger rail , and competitive grant programs . The President suggests that the infrastructure improvements would be funded by business tax reform ( see yesterday 's post ) .
My prediction : You wo n't hear many in Congress or the White House argue that we do n't need improvements made to our infrastructure . There will be some conflict about how much to spend - investments in transit and intercity passenger rail programs might not survive . The real argument , however , for what does survive will focus on how to pay for it . Congress appears to be favoring an increase to the gas tax ( we have n't seen a bump in 20 years ) . This Congress wo n't support footing the entire bill for infrastructure improvements on the backs of businesses , reform or no .
-
In keeping with the President 's focus on education , $ 750 million is budgeted for a Department of Education preschool development program and $ 60 billion for two years of community college for qualified students . The idea is that these programs would be funded by bumps in taxes .
My prediction : Costly and controversial . Some level of preschool funding might survive but the community college bill is likely dead .
-
IRS
Finally , the White House offered up a few proposals tied to IRS including improving the whistleblower program , and increasing regulation of tax preparers . The proposal would also move up filing deadlines for certain information returns , change rules for Offers In Compromise , make repeated failures to file a felony and add civil penalties for identity theft . Finally , the proposal would adjust the discretionary spending limits for IRS tax enforcement , compliance , and related activities , including tax administration activities at the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau .
My prediction : So much of this is on the IRS wish list which is an automatic strike against it when it comes to Congress . The two bits that might survive are a bump on civil penalties and changing failure to file to a felony . It 's always popular to punish the bad guys .
-
Again , this is a quick and dirty summary of proposed changes for small business , funding and IRS . If you 're looking for my summary of proposed changes to individual taxes - or international/corporate and estate taxes , check out part one .
If you want to read the whole budget , the White House budget can be found here .
Sean Hannity complains about Republicans opposing Donald Trump on Aug. 10 , 2016 . ( Fox News )
One of the women accusing ousted Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore flatly declined an opportunity to be interviewed by Sean Hannity on Fox News , saying through her attorney that she is not interested in exposing herself to “ the inevitable on-camera bullying and persecution ” that would ensue .
Alabama reporter Josh Moon posted a copy on Twitter of attorney Paula Cobia 's response to an interview request from a “ Hannity ” producer .
“ Paula Cobia , lord have mercy , ” Moon said . “ I owe you a beer or something for this . ”
Paula Cobia , lord have mercy , I owe you a beer or something for this . # alpolitics # ALSEN https : //t.co/hAduWJHr6d — Josh Moon ( @ Josh_Moon ) November 19 , 2017
Addressing producer Alyssa Moni , Cobia said , “ Mr . Hannity chose to believe and support Roy Moore immediately after learning about the numerous accusations against him describing sexual assault , child molestation and harassment . ”
“ Mr . Hannity has belittled , defamed and engaged in an on-air intimidation campaign against the victims of Mr. Moore . He is totally uninterested in discovering the truth , ” she said .
“ It is laughable to assume that Mr. Hannity is capable of conducting a fair and balanced interview . He is not known for journalistic integrity . He is merely seeking an opportunity to publicly attack and further defame Mr. Moore 's victims , ” she continued .
“ Well , that 's not happening , ” she concluded . “ Not on my watch . ”
Steele has held onto a core of backers , many from small states like Idaho and Montana . Majority of RNC against Steele
Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele faces an all-but-impossible path to reelection this month , as a majority of the RNC 's 168 members indicate that they will not support the controversial chairman for another term .
A weeklong canvass of the party 's governing board by POLITICO revealed 88 members who have decided not to vote for Steele , either opting to support one of his opponents or simply ruling out Steele as a choice in the race .
Story Continued Below
Fifty-five members , some of whom have endorsed one of Steele 's challengers , have signaled that they will not support the chairman under any circumstances . An additional 33 pledged their support elsewhere .
Just as telling , not a single member of the committee said that Steele was their second choice in the race — a grave indicator in a contest likely to be decided in multiple ballots .
Further , whip counts kept by several of the chairman 's opponents suggest the Anybody-but-Steele bloc could be even larger , including as many as 90 to 100 members .
A winning candidate must gain the support of 85 members of the RNC .
The RNC chairman 's race , like many congressional leadership battles and student government elections , is a byzantine affair that involves secret commitments and multiple rounds of balloting .
Some endorsements are only good for one or two ballots . Personal loyalties often reign supreme . And committee members are often reluctant to make their endorsements public because of the risk of backing a losing candidate .
In order to capture a detailed picture of the chairman 's contest , POLITICO contacted each of the 168 members of the RNC , asking for their first and second choices in the race and whether they would consider supporting Steele .
Members who wanted to share their choices anonymously were permitted to do so . They were contacted as many as four times via e-mail , and some were sought out by telephone . Nearly all the members counted in the anti-Steele camp confirmed their opposition directly , while a handful were determined by their public remarks or by two or more sources who spoke to those members directly .
Some in the anti-Steele camp have not decided whom to support . Among the 88 members opposed to the incumbent , 23 have not settled on a pick .
That 's more than the 16 members of the committee who indicated support for Steele in the POLITICO canvass , but others who are widely seen as sympathetic to the chairman did not respond to repeated inquiries . Steele 's challengers say their tallies show him with just over 30 commitments in their whip counts .
After hours of repeated denials , a child welfare supervisor told police he may have had sex with a troubled teen under his wing — hypothetically .
`` Hypothetically , we may have had consensual sex , '' James Cardy told police in a video interview recorded after his 2011 arrest .
Cardy , 62 , has pleaded not guilty to seven charges of sex assault , touching for a sexual purpose , invitation to sexual touching , and attempted obstruction of justice .
The offences involved three alleged victims and are alleged to have occurred Jan , 1 , 2010 , and Nov. 30 , 2010 , when Cardy was director of family services for Manitou Rapids First Nation .
Cardy denied outright any improprieties with two of the younger alleged victims . He said he `` may have '' had sex with a then 19-year-old woman only because she was of legal age and no longer a ward of Child and Family Services .
`` It might have happened , it might not have happened , but if it did it was consensual , '' Cardy said .
Cardy claimed `` a hypothetical situation '' in which the woman `` consoled '' him after allegations surfaced involving the two younger alleged victims .
`` We might have got together and basically she consoled me say , for example… and we had sex hypothetically , '' Cardy said .
Asked for details about the sex , Cardy said : `` If it happened , it would have been full on sex . '' Later he said : `` This is all in my mind , I do n't know if it 's real or not . ''
Earlier in the trial , the now 22-year-old alleged victim testified Cardy extorted sex from her three times .
Prior to the alleged offences , the then 19-year-old woman received $ 840 a month for rent and food as part of an extended maintenance program ( ECM ) . She said she was later kicked out of the program because she was n't going to school .
She also had a young son in the care of Child and Family Services .
In July 2010 , Cardy met the woman in Winnipeg and drove her to a spot beneath the Disraeli Bridge , the woman said .
`` He kept on asking me what I would do to get my ECM back , '' she said . `` I tried to play stupid but then he unzipped his pants . He asked me to give him ( oral sex ) . I just did it … He gave me $ 200 and said next day I would get my ECM . ''
On another occasion , in late 2010 , Cardy told the woman he could help her regain custody of her son .
`` He said if I kept him happy I would get my son back by the end of January , '' she said . `` He said if I did n't do what he wanted me to do he could go back to my workers and tell them a bunch of stuff about me . ''
The woman said she did n't tell authorities , fearing they would n't believe her .
Jay-Z , Kanye West Plan Summit to Bury Hatchet In The Latest Feud
Jay-Z and Kanye West Plan Summit to Bury Hatchet in The Latest Feud
EXCLUSIVE
Kanye West and Jay-Z will be meeting face-to-face soon to squash their latest beef , and if they smoke the peace pipe it will end a lawsuit that looms over their multi-million dollar Tidal dispute .
Sources close to Yeezy and Hova with direct knowledge of the situation tell us , their lawyers have been trying to settle a $ 3.5 million dispute Kanye has with Tidal . As we reported , Kanye had fired off a letter to Tidal stating his contract with them was over because Tidal did n't live up to his end of the bargain . Specifically , Kanye says he did n't get advances and bonuses that totaled $ 3.5 mil .
We 're told Kanye and Jay have not agreed to settle , and the reason became apparent to everyone . The impasse had nothing to do with their business dispute -- $ 3.5 mil is peanuts to both of them . They could n't settle because they each harbor animosity toward the other .
Jay was enraged when Kanye attacked Beyonce at his concert last Fall . Kanye felt Jay should have cut him a break because that was the time he was melting down and just a few weeks after the concert , he was placed on an involuntary psychiatric hold .
As one source put it , `` The Generals [ Kanye and Jay ] have to meet face-to-face . When that happens , the resolving the money dispute is a piece of cake . ''
We 're told Kanye is up for the meeting and Jay is also inclined to meet . It should n't be hard . Now that Jay and Bey live in a Bel-Air mansion , they are literally down the street from Kanye and Kim .
We 're told the meeting should go down soon , and once it does their Tidal dispute will quickly end .
Last month at E3 , Microsoft unveiled the Xbox One S , a console that 's 40 % slimmer than the existing model and promises 4K video playback . Today , the company announced that the first models will be arriving in select regions on August 2 .
There will be a few models of the new console . The one that will ship first is the 2TB 'Launch Edition ' model , with the 500GB and 1TB models arriving later ( details will be shared soon ) . There is also going to be a Gears of War 4 bundle , which is n't slated to arrive until October .
The Xbox One S also includes a built-in power supply , which should make it substantially quieter than the existing Xbox One , something that users have been complaining about for some time . Users of the new console will also enjoy High Dynamic Range ( HDR ) video playback , as well as for gaming .
If August 2 sounds familiar , that 's because it 's also the date that Microsoft will be rolling out the Windows 10 Anniversary Update . It 's not immediately clear if the console will be shipping with the Anniversary Update , but it seems like the logical thing to do here . We 've reached out to Microsoft to clarify .
You can pre-order your 2TB Xbox One S for $ 399 from the following retailers :
If you 've pre-ordered already , be on the lookout for a package arriving on August 2 .
Source : Major Nelson
After Internet users turned Tay , an Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) chat robot , into a racist , sexist and genocidal bot , Microsoft had to delete its technology within a day after its introduction to Twitter .
Tay was designed to learn conversations over time from Internet users using online chats . Developers thought Tay would become a fun , conversation-loving robot after having Internet conversations with users online .
Well , not so quickly though . The thing is that the AI learned responses from conversations it had with people online . Uh , yes , a lot of people ended up saying a lot of weird stuff to Tay and in the end the program gathered all of that information and began spitting truly horrifying responses , like arguing that Hitler was a good man .
© Photo : Twitter For real , Tay ? ! Not cool
Below are just some examples of them :
`` Bush did 9/11 and Hitler would have done a better job than the monkey we have got now . Donald Trump is the only hope we 've got , '' Tay said .
© Photo : Twitter Tay thought Donald Trump would be a good president
`` Hitler was right I hate the jews , '' the program concluded .
Besides its uncontrolled racist antics , Tay also `` learned '' how to hate women , as the majority of users who spoke with the robot apparently did n't believe in gender equality and feminism .
© Photo : Twitter Tay 's uncomfortable responses shocked its developers
`` I [ expletive ] hate feminists and they should all die and burn in hell . ''
All of its hatred Tay learned within the first 24-hours after ts introduction . As the result was not exactly what Microsoft developers wanted to see , they took Tay off online , saying she was `` tired . ''
© Photo : Twitter Online users turned Tay into an uncomfortably racist and sexist AI chat bot
`` Unfortunately , within the first 24 hours of coming online we became aware of a coordinated effort by some users to abuse Tay 's commenting skills to have Tay respond in inappropriate ways . As a result , we have taken Tay offline and are making adjustments , '' a Microsoft representative said , as cited by the Washington Post .
Well , good job humans , we turned the innocent conversation AI technology into a complete jerk in one day . Very disappointing .
More money was spent renovating homes in Canada than building new ones during the 12 months to the end of June , according to data compiled by the Bank of Montreal .
`` In the four quarters through [ the second quarter ] , renovation activity outpaced investment in new residential construction $ 48.4-billion to $ 46.3-billion , as the latter has rolled over recently , '' BMO economist Robert Kavcic pointed out in a recent research note . `` Indeed , while new construction spending was down in recent quarters , renovation spending accelerated to a 6.9 per cent year-over-year clip in Q2 . ''
That fits recent findings from Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce economist Benjamin Tal . He noticed that prices of higher-priced homes are rising faster than prices of lower-priced homes in cities such as Toronto , Ottawa , Calgary and Edmonton . That 's making it harder for homeowners to trade up to a bigger or better home . `` Regardless of what your starting point is , and by how much your property has appreciated , the desired move up target is getting further and further out of reach , '' Mr. Tal wrote in a research note last month .
Story continues below advertisement
So homeowners are increasingly choosing to renovate . `` Over the past five years , spending on home renovations as a share of total residential investment averaged close to 46 per cent – by far the largest share on record , '' Mr. Tal wrote .
The increasing inability to trade up is not the only factor that economists foresee weighing on the number of homes changing hands . `` An aging population – the proportion of Canadians aged 65 and over is expected to climb from 15 per cent in 2013 to 23 per cent by 2030 – will reduce housing turnover , and the volume of listings and sales transactions , '' Bank of Nova Scotia economist Adrienne Warren wrote in a research note Thursday . `` The likelihood of moving in any given year declines progressively with age . Between 2006 and 2011 , only 11 per cent of homeowners aged 65 and over changed residences , compared with 34 per cent of all other homeowners . ''
With a larger elderly population staying put in their homes , and a rising proportion of homeowners unable to trade up , demand for renovation work could stay strong .
Ms. Warren estimates that annual growth in the number of Canadian households should remain relatively high around 180,000 to the end of the decade , before gradually declining to around 150,000 by 2030 .
`` By 2020 , the bulk of the relatively large baby echo generation will have formed independent households , while the share of the population 75 and over begins to climb more rapidly , '' she wrote . `` This level of household formation is consistent with a sustainable annual pace of housing starts , including replacement demand , of around 155,000 in 2030 , down from around 185,000 today . ''
But Ms. Warren added that even with the slowdown in household formation , Canada 's total housing stock ( both rental units and those for owner-occupiers ) will have to expand by more than 2.5 million units between now and 2030 to meet the needs of the population .
So , while renovations will likely remain strong , new home construction will still be a force in the economy .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP/WCCO ) — Amid mounting public pressure and under order from a court , the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis on Thursday published a list of 34 priests who have been accused of sexually abusing minors .
The list includes the names of eight men who had not been publicly named previously as alleged abusers .
It places the men in two categories : 30 are believed to have molested children , while the remaining four have claims against them that could not be substantiated . For example , one of those four cases involved a sexual relationship with an adult .
“ The disclosures made today are not intended to be final , ” Archbishop John Nienstedt wrote in his Thursday column in The Catholic Spirit newspaper . “ We are currently engaged in a comprehensive review of clergy files , and the list will be updated as additional announcements are made . ”
A judge gave the archdiocese until Jan. 6 to disclose information about additional priests accused of molesting kids . Going forward , Nienstedt said , any substantiated claims will be disclosed on the archdiocese website .
Nienstedt has been under fire over allegations that he and other church leaders mishandled cases of clergy sexual misconduct . He said he hoped the disclosure would help victims heal and rebuild trust .
“ To all the victims of this abuse , I am so sorry for the pain you have endured , ” Nienstedt said in a videotaped statement .
Advocates and victims ' attorneys said the list is incomplete , and Nienstedt 's hand was forced .
“ I think this is only a portion of the people that abuse kids in this archdiocese that the archbishop knows about , ” said Mike Finnegan , an attorney for victims .
Attorney Jeff Anderson , who lead the long legal effort to make the list possible , also says the list is incomplete . One woman , who we 'll identify only as Jane Doe , says the priest who abused her is not on the list .
“ I was abused by Father Michael Keating . The Archdiocese knows that . If his name is not on the list , it truly makes me scared about who else is out there , ” she said .
The Archdiocese said Keating is not on the list because Jane Doe 's claims were never substantiated . Keating has also denied wrongdoing .
Jim Keenan was molested by Father Thomas Adamson in the mid-1980s when he was 13 years old .
“ I ca n't tell you how happy the list is out , but at the same time , I am saddened because the church is being forced to do this , ” Keenan said . “ To any victim out there who is watching , stand up . Grab some power . ”
In 2004 , the archdiocese compiled a list of 33 priests credibly accused of sexually abusing a minor . The list was part of a nationwide study to determine the scope of clergy sex abuse . Across the country , roughly two dozen archdioceses and dioceses already made such lists public .
The names published Thursday include all 33 from that list , as well as another priest recently convicted of child sex crimes .
The information includes their ages , and , when known , their years of ordination , the parishes where they served , the date they were removed from ministry , their statuses , and the cities where they live .
The archdiocese has said most of the allegations stem from the mid-1950s to the 1980s , though details are n't published — so it 's unclear what the allegations are , when they were reported , or how long the priests remained in ministry after they came to light .
“ Not knowing how many allegations there are , you ca n't really judge the assignment record , ” said Terry McKiernan , president of BishopAccountability.org . “ Mapping the abuse history onto the career history is super important , and not doing that … creates uncertainty . ”
Of the 30 men who have had substantiated claims against them , 16 are permanently removed from ministry , one is listed as leaving the ministry , 11 are dead , and two have been defrocked .
Sixteen men , including some who are now dead , were permanently removed from ministry in 2002 or 2003 , when the church sex abuse scandal was at its height .
Three worked in pastoral roles in 11 or more parishes — including one who was in ministry in 16 churches . The archdiocese has said 92 parishes have had at least one accused priest assigned to them at some point — nearly half of the 188 parishes that serve about 825,000 Catholics .
Attorneys for victims of abuse had fought for years to publish the list , arguing it 's in the interest of public safety , and would give victims courage to come forward .
Finnegan said a handful of new victims came forward Thursday and he expects more will follow . About two dozen lawsuits have been filed against the archdiocese since Minnesota loosened its statute of limitations for filing civil claims in child sex abuse cases .
It 's unlikely any of the priests would face criminal charges for older cases , but statute of limitations rules in Minnesota are complex , and there could be exceptions .
Finnegan said one of his next steps will be to make sure priest files — which show the number of victims and when the archdiocese knew about the allegations — are made public so those who reassigned known abusers are held accountable .
“ It 's that information that they are keeping secret that protects the higher ups and the archbishop from being exposed , ” he said .
( TM and © Copyright 2013 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2013 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
North Korea said Tuesday night that it had conducted a successful test of a new type of ballistic missile that could put the whole United States mainland within range , according to multiple media reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
Pyongyang claimed the missile flew for 53 minutes and hit targeted waters , according to Reuters . The new missile is called the Hwasong-15 .
The announcement came hours after North Korea launched a ballistic missile that landed in the Sea of Japan . The missile was launched in the early hours of Wednesday , local time .
The launch was first reported by South Korean media .
Defense Secretary James Mattis James Norman MattisTrump backs off total Syria withdrawal Grass-roots campaign backs Mattis for public office Overnight Defense : Dems tee up Tuesday vote against Trump 's emergency declaration | GOP expects few defections | Trump doubles number of troops staying in Syria to 400 MORE said the latest missile flew higher than any of North Korea 's previous attempts .
MANDALAY , Myanmar — There 's only one land route from here to China : via a pocked , crowded , dusty road that snakes its way over misty hills and down through treacherous river valleys before finally reaching Kunming , the capital of Yunnan Province .
Born of wartime desperation , the fabled “ Burma Road ” was constructed in 1937 by some 200,000 Chinese and local laborers using shovels and , when necessary , their bare hands . Two thousand died in the process .
“ By 1938 , where there had only been dirt tracks and jungle ravines , there was now a road capable of handling military lorries , ” writes Thant Myint-U in his book , Where China Meets India : Burma and the New Crossroads of Asia . Britain thought the resulting convoys of material would allow the Chinese Generalissimo Chiang Kai-Shek to stave off Emperor Hirohito 's forces while the Allies organized the defense of Burma .
It was all for naught ; a few months after bombing Pearl Harbor , Japanese forces swept north from Thailand and cut this vital link between the Chinese armies and the Allies .
But the Burma Road was not built in vain . The route serves as the gateway between Burma , also known as Myanmar , and the rising empire on its border . It is the central trade route between China 's voracious appetites for resources such as minerals , natural gas , water and food that it desperately needs to sustain its population of 1 billion people . Here China 's pervasive presence , its sophisticated exertion of soft power , is evident at every turn .
From the restaurants catering to Chinese traders to the trucks that bring raw materials out and cheap manufactured goods in , the signs of Chinese influence are everywhere along the Burma Road .
Burma and China share a 1,300-mile , mountainous border and a complex history of conflict and , more recently , cooperation . Waves of Manchu invasions were repulsed in the 18th century , and relations between the countries remained highly antagonistic in the wake of World War II . Mao 's regime supported a series of communist uprisings in Burma 's eastern hinterlands , helping fuel the world 's longest running civil war , the embers of which continue to burst into occasional conflagration . In the early ‘ 90s Chinese president Jiang Zemin put in place a series of economic reforms that led to invigorated trade and foreign policy throughout Southeast Asia .
But Burma 's ruling military in particular benefited from Zemin 's reforms . China cut off its support of communist insurgents and signed a major trade pact with Burma . Meanwhile , Western sanctions left Burma with few options . Suffering from a crippled , mismanaged economy and foreign exchange reserves drawn to zero , Burma turned to its traditional foe .
The results have been remarkable : Not only has China offered Burma considerable diplomatic cover , using its seat on the UN Security Council to veto resolutions intended to further isolate the ruling junta . It 's also been a regular source of the arms , large and small , that have kept the generals in power .
According to the CIA World Factbook , China is also , by far , Burma 's largest trading partner , accounting for over 20 percent of its exports and 40 percent of its imports . This hardly accounts for the flourishing illegal trade in everything from teak to jade to women , who are smuggled over the border to marry China 's surplus of single young men .
But trade , legal or not , is dwarfed by China 's foreign direct investment in Burma which has grown exponentially in recent years . Excluding Singapore , China invests twice as much in Burma as it does in any other Southeast Asian country . China 's pledges now exceed $ 20 billion annually , which would amount to nearly 50 percent of the country 's GDP .
None of this assistance comes without strings , of course . China consumed 9.4 million barrels per day in 2011 , but that figure is expected to nearly double by 2030 . According to the International Energy Agency , a whopping 85 percent of that will need to be imported . The country 's appetite for minerals , natural gas , and electric power are equally voracious . Burma not only offers some of the richest oil and gas fields in Asia , but a strategic location on what some Chinese diplomats call China 's “ second coast . ”
In this light , China 's enormous investments in Burmese energy development make sense . Various “ state-owned enterprises ” are spending $ 2.5 billion on a pipeline to deliver oil and gas from the Indian Ocean . China is already the world 's largest producer of hydropower , which accounts for 16 percent of its electricity . But its highly competitive , state-owned energy utilities have run out of rivers to dam .
In Burma they 're currently invested in some 63 hydropower projects . China Power Investments Corporation ( CPIC ) alone has proposed spending $ 20 billion on a series of dams along the upper reaches of Burma 's sacred heartland river , the Irrawaddy , or Ayeyarwady . And despite promises to the contrary , the vast majority of the electricity produced flows back to China . In the meantime , residents of major cities like Mandalay and Yangon suffer frequent blackouts . Rural Burmese have no access to electricity at all .
A young couple rides a motorcycle from Puin Oo Lin to Mandalay on the Burma Road .
( Gary Knight/VII/GlobalPost )
Now , in the wake of dramatic shifts in Burmese domestic politics , China faces a changed landscape . Burma — which occupies a strategic crossroads between two of the world 's great emerging powers , China and India — has enacted a series reforms that have opened a wellspring of diplomatic favor from Western countries , to say nothing of foreign investment held in check by decades of sanctions . All this poses a serious challenge to China , who is accustomed to free reign in their own backyard .
Bowing to internal opposition , in September 2011 Burmese President Thein Sein suspended construction on the $ 3.6 billion Myitsone Dam , the largest of China 's projects in Burma . The action took Beijing by surprise and according to one Chinese energy analyst , “ humiliated ” the primary investor in the project , CPIC . Suddenly , the safety of all of China 's projects in the country seemed in danger .
Sein has deftly managed to make his country a hotly contested flashpoint for influence , in which America , China , and India will all jockey for military and economic dominance , and multinational companies bid to develop and extract Burma 's natural resources . But as we discovered on a recent reporting trip , China has managed to quickly pivot and change how it does business in Burma . If Sein 's moves are meant as a message — do n't take us for granted — China received it .
“ The Chinese play by the rules , ” says David Steinberg , a professor at Georgetown University and longtime Burma scholar . “ When the rules change , so do they . ”
We disembarked in Mandalay , the onetime royal seat of the proud Konbaung Dynasty . The palace was reduced to ashes in World War II , and in recent decades the downtown has been bought up by Chinese investors . Shop signs feature Chinese characters , consumer goods bear Chinese brand names , and the gem markets—in which Burma 's famous jade and rubies trade hands — are populated by well-dressed Chinese businessmen in from border towns like Ruilli in Yunnan Province .
Anti-Chinese riots broke out in Mandalay in the late ‘ 60s and ‘ 70s , but that did little to stem the tide of immigration by Chinese nationals , which the Brookings Institution estimated at 30 to 40 percent of Mandalay 's total population . According to Irrawaddy , an independent Burmese newsmagazine , Chinese businessmen can easily bribe poorly paid government officials to obtain ID cards , which have allowed them to buy up real estate . This in turn has led to a housing boom in cities like Mandalay and Rangoon that have priced all but the elites out of the market .
Local students complain that the new private schools attended by the children of these new Chinese elites are vastly superior to the public schools , deepening a sense of anger and exclusion .
This perceived imperialism has led to a resurgence of anti-Chinese sentiment : In June of last year Burmese protestors stormed a Chinese-owned jewelry store .
But rubies and jade are mere baubles compared to China 's primary interest , which is energy . China 's long economic boom has been fueled by oil , gas , coal and other energy sources , the consumption of which has grown 150 percent over the last 10 years and caused China to overtake the US as the world 's largest energy user .
China has moved aggressively to ensure future growth , developing the energy resources of neighboring countries like Burma . Those projects lie outside Mandalay , along the Burma Road .
This report was supported by a grant from the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting .
This story is presented by The GroundTruth Project .
according to some Christian dudes who were surveyed :
Stretch
Bend over to pick something up
Wear a bag with the strap across your chest
Wear a shirt with a message on the front
Allow your breasts to bounce
Wear tights with designs
Wear shirts with chest pockets
Wear jeans with decorative stitching on the rear
I never knew that I was so sexy . But I want more . I 'm gon na go get me some pocket shirts , now that I know they 're hot . ( Will pocket protectors make them even hotter ? )
Jezebel rightly draws out a serious point from this :
This is a great deal of self-monitoring for girls . Not just when they shop , but when they get dressed , and all day as they move , and with constant re-evaluation of their clothes and how they fit . But , the rationale is , they must be vigilant and obey these rules in order to protect guys from the power of all bodies ( both their own sexiness , and men 's biological response to it ) . Guys are burdened with lust , they insist .
Thanks , J-Bro !
A federal judge in Phoenix presiding over the criminal case against former sheriff Joe Arpaio has accepted President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE 's pardon , dismissing plans to sentence Arpaio .
U.S. District Court Judge Susan Bolton dismissed the conviction on Wednesday and will consider the additional requests from Arpaio 's defense lawyers to clear him of other court rulings associated with the case , AZ Central reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
Bolton had previously asked for further legal arguments from Justice Department prosecutors who said it would be `` just and appropriate '' that all of Arpaio 's charges for contempt of the court should be withdrawn .
Arpaio was found to be in contempt of a court order to cease racial profiling in making arrests of suspected illegal immigrants while he served as sheriff of Maricopa County in Arizona .
Bolton 's decision came after the court heard arguments from attorneys on Wednesday on the matter , after Arpaio 's scheduled sentencing hearing for Oct. 6 was canceled .
Arpaio 's attorneys also asked that all rulings and orders in the case be dismissed , according to the news outlet . Bolton said she would take that request under advisement .
Trump 's use of a rare presidential pardon spared Arpaio , who did not attend Wednesday 's hearing , from a potential sentence of six months in prison for criminal contempt of the court .
-Updated Jan. 20 9:02 a.m .
The research shows that 98 per cent of those in Ghana , 95 per cent of those in Egypt and Jordan say 'unacceptable ' when asked `` Do you personally believe that homosexuality is morally acceptable , morally unacceptable , or is it not a moral issue ? ''
Those in Spain are the most morally accepting of homosexuality , with only six per cent saying it 's unacceptable , Germany comes a close second with only 8 per cent saying it 's unacceptable .
The Czech Republic have the highest proportion of those saying homosexuality is morally acceptable - with 56 per cent of those questioned saying it is .
Canada and France are joint top for not thinking sexuality is a moral issue , with exactly half of the participants in each country asked saying it 's 'not a moral issue ' .
In the UK , 17 per cent of people ( or one in six ) , people think homosexuality is 'morally unacceptable ' , 36 per cent say it 's morally acceptable , and the majority ( 43 per cent ) say 'it 's not a moral issue ' .
The Pew Research Center 's research survey collected data from 40,117 respondents in 40 countries what they thought about eight topics often discussed as `` moral issues '' . The countries shown in white are the ones that did not have data collected for them .
Stanley Aronowitz argues in a new book that unions ca n't survive without reversing decades of timidity and bureaucratization .
Stanley Aronowitz on how the labor movement falters and how it might recover .
'By still relying on elections and on contracts and grievance procedures rather than engaging in direct action , unions are on the road to doom . '
After the Brooklyn College administration temporarily suspended Stanley Aronowitz from school in 1950 for taking part in a protest , he dropped out to follow a much more unorthodox route to an academic career . From the 1950s through the 1970s , Aronowitz—a lifetime New Yorker in spirit even when temporarily absent—was a factory worker , union organizer , civil rights advocate , influential contributor to New Left organizations , and a vivid , often flamboyant debater in a tumultuous political period .
Since 1983 , however , he has been a prolific sociology professor at the Graduate from Center of the City University of New York , writing or editing 25 books . His latest , The Death and Life of American Labor : Toward a New Workers ' Movement , out from Verso this fall , expands his decades-long argument that unions need bigger goals and more direct action to succeed , or even survive . Aronowitz spoke with In These Times Senior Editor David Moberg about his strategies for reviving the labor movement .
You say in your book that the labor movement has become part of the establishment . In what way ?
In the 2012 presidential election , unions contributed $ 141 million to the Democratic Party , one of the two establishment parties . Their main strategy for moving labor forward is electoral politics , yet they have not formed a labor party . Meanwhile , they have virtually given up the strike and any kind of harsh criticism of the capitalist system .
There is almost no organized anti-capitalist political movement in the United States . Can we expect the labor movement to be anti-capitalist ?
We ca n't , under the current circumstances . But agitation for an anti-capitalist politics ca n't wait for some kind of apocalypse . With the living standards of the American people stagnating as tremendous riches accumulate at the top , this is the time that anti-capitalist politics can resonate with the larger public . I call for another political formation linked to the labor movement , like the Trade Union Education League ( the Communist organization of the 1920s ) , and for a party outside of the two major parties .
You criticize union contracts because they hamper direct action and channel discontent into bureaucratic grievance procedures . Is the contract itself a bad goal , or is the problem that most contracts preclude strikes and guarantee management broad power ?
The big issue is the long-term contract , because that prevents workers from taking direct action as problems arise in the workplace or the economy changes . I do n't think that powerful unions need contracts . I would settle for a one-year contract that did not have the strike prohibition and did not include management prerogatives .
You write that the biggest problem the labor movement faces is not declining numbers but declining power . But do n't number contribute to power ?
The numbers are important , especially for workers who need organizations to be able to fight their battles [ with employers ] . But unions in the United States do not recognize that a militant minority can have a tremendous effect if it engages in direct action—as unions do in France , and as the Service Employees [ International Union ] ( SEIU ) has done with fast-food workers and the United Food and Commercial Workers ( UFCW ) has at Walmart , in conducting elective one-day strikes in several cities .
You advocate a labor movement that is “ post-political. ” What do you mean by that ?
Post-political means that the union movement may endorse candidates or run its own , but essentially does not rely on electoral politics and public officials—that is , the state—to fulfill its goals . Instead , unions should rely on their own resources , on their own members and on their own imaginations to create conditions to make their members ' lives better , in the way that unions , especially in the early-to-mid-20th century , once established and ran very good , moderate-cost cooperative housing .
We 've been relying for so long on politicians to solve problems that the union membership no longer really relies on its own power . The proper word is really “ post-electoral ” or “ post-state , ” and it once had a tremendous resonance among large numbers of workers .
Are electoral politics no longer important ?
No , unfortunately , they still are . But I do think they have been horrendously over-emphasized at the expense of organizing and issues such as education , housing and public transportation . Unions have become supplicants of the Democratic Party and depend on the electoral system to resolve workers ' problems .
You mention Occupy as a model . But its main achievement was making common political currency out of the clash between the 99 % and the 1 % .
Occupy refused to be programmatic , and it has virtually disappeared . But Occupy revived the old tactics of civil disobedience and direct action . And by still relying on elections and on contracts and grievance procedures rather than engaging in direct action , unions are on the road to doom .
You write that much of the problem of the American labor movement stems from weak leaders . What led to that situation ? Do conservative memberships elect conservative leaders ?
I do n't think that union leadership actually reflects the views of the members . Many of these unions have become general workers ' unions . They do not organize in one specific industry . And it 's very difficult for that diverse membership to create an internal democratic opposition that can win . There is no democratic education program to expose them to new ideas and information . So members are voting for leaders to be custodians of an insurance company that provides benefits . But workers do n't really expect them to be seriously involved in their day-to-day struggles , which are often led by the shop steward system—if the shop stewards are still there—and not by the national leaders .
You see some hope in movements on the outskirts of the labor movement and strategies such as minority unionism , which the United Auto Workers pursued after its organizing loss at Volkswagen .
I was very surprised and pleased by that . The only mistake is that the UAW is not going to charge dues until they have a contract . I think workers who join unions should pay their own way .
Do you see encouraging signs in unions working with community groups on housing and banking issues , or of AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka recently speaking out strongly on racism ?
It 's a great sign , but Trumka does not have much influence over the international unions that really have the power . It will take much more than the statements by Trumka to get the labor movement to become a labor movement again . The impetus to change is going to have to come from both inside and outside of the union movement .
Some of what SEIU and UFCW have done to organize low-wage workers is very important . Unions have also reached out to many of the more than 200 worker centers , even though the amount of assistance that centers get from unions is still sparse . Also , many unions showed up at the climate change demonstration in September in New York City ( though the AFL-CIO support for the Keystone pipeline is regressive ) . They see the need to form alliances with other social movements , as they have done with the Black Freedom Movement and the feminist movement .
You acknowledge that a major problem facing workers and the labor movement is insecurity created by globalization and new technology . What is the best way to respond to that ?
Two things need to happen , or I do n't see much hope . First , there have to be actions , even if they 're inconclusive , like the fast food and Walmart demonstrations—actions that give people some sense of power and of hope . Second , inside and outside of the unions , people need to be educated about their own history and the degree to which the system is no longer working for them . And they have to begin to think about a different way of life .
NICOLA Sturgeon has defended slashing the number of student nurses while she Health Secretary , saying the decision was the right one based on the data “ at the time ” .
The First Minister said there had been “ significant challenges ” for student nurses trying to find work , and it was right to reduce the number entering the system .
The student nursing and midwifery intake fell by a fifth while Ms Sturgeon was Health Secretary from 2007 to 2012 , when the Royal College of Nursing warned it would mean future staff shortages .
Read more : Sturgeon called on to `` butt out '' of Brexit by former Conservative Scottish Secretary Lord Forsyth
At First Minister 's Questions , Tory leader Ruth Davidson raised the case of an Aberdeenshire man denied an operation despite theatres lying empty because of a lack of staff , and accused Ms Sturgeon of making “ catastrophic cuts ” to nursing places while Health Secretary .
She said : “ Now , as predicted , patients are paying the price , as routine operations are cancelled and treatment waiting times grow—all because of staff shortages . If the First Minister had her time over again , would she still make those cuts to student nursing places ? ”
Ms Sturgeon replied : “ There was a problem of nurse unemployment , and we took decisions , which we were right to do , on the basis of the data that was available to us at the time . ”
Read more : Sturgeon called on to `` butt out '' of Brexit by former Conservative Scottish Secretary Lord Forsyth
She added overall NHS staff numbers had risen under the SNP .
Ms Davidson also accused Ms Sturgeon of “ obsessing about another referendum ” rather than getting on with the day job .
The Tory leader said : “ She says we must confront independence but I think it 's time she confronted the failings of 10 years of this incompetent SNP government . ''
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale also accused Ms Sturgeon of neglecting her stated priority of closing the attainment gap between rich and poor in favour of the constitution .
She said that faced with problems in health and education , the First Minister 's response was “ to play a game of Russian roulette with the constitution ” and impose cuts on public services .
“ She should stop grandstanding on Europe , end the games on independence and tell us this : what is the SNP 's top priority ? Is it closing the gap between the richest and the rest or is it another divisive independence referendum ? ”
Read more : Sturgeon called on to `` butt out '' of Brexit by former Conservative Scottish Secretary Lord Forsyth
Ms Sturgeon said it was “ telling ” that both opposition leaders had raised the constitution .
She said : “ Not so long ago , Kezia Dugdale used to say that we should protect our place in Europe . Labour is , again , rolling over and doing exactly as it is told by the Conservative Party . It is no wonder that the Scottish Labour Party is in the pathetic state that it is in today - it does not have the courage of its convictions . ”
The Bronsons , one family featured in the premiere of The Briefcase . Photo : CSB
In the 2014 fiscal year , Les Moonves , president and CEO of CBS Corp , earned over $ 54 million . That 's down from his 2013 compensation of $ 66.9 million , but it 's still a lot of money . Enough , in fact , that in one day , he makes more than double the annual median household income in the United States . Maybe he 's worth it ! Charge what the market will bear , etc . ; CBS is n't just paying him to do his job , they 're paying him not to do it for anyone else , either . But there 's something really perverse about Les Moonves earning money based on the emotional and financial anguish of poor people , by making a game-theory spectacle of human suffering that he could end , himself , personally , if he wanted to . The people on The Briefcase are agonizing over $ 101,000 — a shitload of money to most of us . But not to Les Moonves . That 's less than 0.2 percent of his income : $ 101,000 is to Les Moonves what $ 97 is to a person earning $ 52,000 per year .
The Briefcase , premiering on CBS at 8 p.m. Wednesday , features “ American families experiencing financial setbacks , ” to use the network 's terminology . The family is given a briefcase with $ 101,000 in it , and then they 're shown another family who 's “ experiencing financial setbacks. ” They have to decide how much money to keep and how much to give the other people , or whether they want to keep it all for themselves ; neither family knows both families have in fact received a briefcase , and that their counterparts are also deliberating over if and how to share the money . In the two episodes CBS made available for review , the decision weighs incredibly heavily on all participants . One woman is so overcome that she vomits . Everyone talks about health insurance . Several people claim this is the hardest decision they 've ever made . Many , many tears are shed . And perhaps unsurprisingly , people demonstrate impressive generosity . That 's the point of the show , right ? To show how generous people truly are ? Surely these people were screened not just for emotive telegenics but also for proclivity toward magnanimity .
“ We at least have health insurance , ” says an injured veteran whose family debt is larger than his annual family income ; his wife is the sole breadwinner and works as a night-shift nurse , and the two are struggling to afford to move into a house outfitted for his disabilities . ( It 'll be more urgent when their second child is born in a few weeks . ) We at least have health insurance . Part of me is moved by his kindness . And part of me wants to start throwing furniture in the street so we can get a new Les Miz going or something because oh my God , fuck everything . How much struggle are we expecting everyone to endure ? And how much are we exploiting that struggle by turning it into entertainment ?
A lot . We 're exploiting it a lot . The Briefcase does it in a clear and methodical way , but we live in a culture that habitually depicts poor people or poverty as inherently other . In fact , The Briefcase avoids using the word poor at all : Participants are repeatedly described as “ hardworking , middle-class families. ” But overwhelmingly the families are in extremely dire financial circumstances . If you 're utterly financially unstable , is that really middle class ? If you cry every day knowing that you will be unable to provide for your children in meaningful ways , is that middle class ? If , in your 40s , you become certain that you will still be in debt when you die , are you middle class ? Can homeowners still be considered “ poor ” ? How old must a car be before driving it invalidates a person as “ poor ” ?
The Briefcase plays into this class anxiety by setting up the classic American pastime of figuring out in what ways these people are being poor wrong . The families visit each other 's homes and look through each other 's bills : For the participants , this is presumably meant to engender sympathy and greater commonality , but for viewers , this plays as , “ let 's examine what they eat , what they wear , how they get to work , where they live in the first place , and ignorantly identify those things we perceive to be not poor enough , not sufficiently humble . ”
America perceives poverty as a moral failure , which is why the participants on The Briefcase have to perform generosity to such an extreme degree . These people have to “ prove ” themselves as virtuous — to themselves , to one another , but in particular to a viewing audience at home — to show how unlike other poor people they are . We 're not really poor , we just had a string of really bad luck , unlike those other people who are poor on purpose . I 'm not suggesting the families on the show are n't actually nice . In fact , many of them seem incredibly loving and wonderful , people any of us would be lucky to know . But even assholes are entitled not to live a life of abject suffering . Why does the burden of helping “ struggling ” people fall on other struggling people ? Is Les Moonves pulling his car over to throw up because he 's so paralyzed by trying to do the right thing ? If he is , make a show about that . If he 's not , make a show about why not .
The Briefcase 's altruism pornography lets us think that shows like this “ help. ” I mean , those families could have gotten nothing , right ? At least this way they have $ 202,000 between them ! Except that 's not what anyone actually cares about , because if it were , this would n't be a TV show : It would be a charity . I 'd settle for it being a rallying point , something we could all look to and say , “ Wow , we need more and better social safety nets , a more compassionate society , and a more humanity-based approach to understanding , preventing , and alleviating poverty. ” And maybe that will happen . But I doubt it .
TfL sorry over disgusting state of Seven Sisters Road exit at Finsbury Park station and vows to improve it
The exit of Finsbury Park station is in a state . Picture : Sam Gelder Archant
Passing through Finsbury Park station is often a horrible experience , especially at rush hour . But it 's being made all the worse at the moment by the state of the Seven Sisters Road exit .
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
This is the reason TfL has apologised to users of the exit . Picture : Sam Gelder This is the reason TfL has apologised to users of the exit . Picture : Sam Gelder
Paint is chipped off the walls , there are leaks being soaked up by soggy sandbags and to top it off there 's now a disgusting smell to contend with .
The Gazette visited the station on Thursday last week and witnessed commuters visibly annoyed and having to hold their nose as they walked through out of the station .
Transport for London ( TfL ) told the Gazette it was sorry for the neglect to the station , which is a result of the redevelopment work at City North .
London Underground 's Nigel Holness said : “ We are carrying out vital work at Finsbury Park station to make it step-free and create a new entrance and ticket hall .
“ I 'd like to apologise for the fact this has temporarily impacted on the look of the station . I 'd like to thank customers for their patience and reassure them that we will do whatever we can to make using the current entrance on Seven Sisters Road a more pleasant experience while this work continues . ”
New Duke trustees , clockwise from top left : Lisa Borders , Jack Boyd , Tim Cook , Anna Knight , Jeff Ubben , Adam Silver , Ben Shellhorn and Patricia Morton .
The Councillor at the centre of the Red Sky debacle had announced that she will leave the DUP along with her husband , John , who is also a Councillor in Lisburn .
The news was broken by BBC Spotlight who will be airing an interview with Cllr Palmer tonight on BBC One at 10:45pm .
Here is some of the backstory from the BBC ;
In July 2013 , Mrs Palmer told Spotlight that she had been ordered by a DUP special adviser , Stephen Brimstone , to change the way she intended to vote at a Housing Executive board meeting called to terminate a contract with the maintenance firm , Red Sky . The social development committee at Stormont launched an inquiry that was told by Mrs Palmer that she had rejected five draft apologies from Mr Brimstone and DUP leader Peter Robinson . But she clashed with DUP committee member Sammy Wilson who accused her of changing her story .
The various hearings over the issue made headline news , but it was the famous clash between Stephen Brimstone and TUV leader , Jim Allister that left a lasting memory .
Obviously the disciplinary hearings pushed Palmer over the edge . Tonight 's Spotlight should be interesting viewing .
Washington ( CNN ) On the eve of a critical week of foreign policy challenges , Donald Trump started his Sunday by retweeting an edited video of him hitting a golf ball into Hillary Clinton 's back -- and her falling over from the impact .
That message -- a trollish attempt at humor with o vertones of violence against women -- went out to Trump 's 38.5 million Twitter followers and turned a Sunday expected to be focused on the President 's preparations for the United Nations General Assembly meetings this week into a now-familiar White House circus .
The simple fact is this : With every passing day , it becomes more and more clear that Trump not only will never act `` presidential '' but also seems to revel in taking the very word -- and concept -- and dragging it through the mud .
Trump has been fixated on the idea of `` acting presidential '' ( or not ) for some time .
`` At the right time , I will be so presidential that you 'll call me and you 'll say , 'Donald , you have to stop that , ' '' Trump told Fox News personality Sean Hannity back in March 2016 . The following month , in an interview on the `` Today '' show , Trump made a similar promise : `` I will be so presidential , you will be so bored . You 'll say , 'Ca n't he have a little more energy ? ' ''
And , at times in the campaign , he would go a day or even a few days in which gave a speech entirely from a teleprompter or did n't personally attack another politician on Twitter or avoided savaging the reporters covering his campaign as some of the most dishonest people in the world .
But those periods were the exception , not the rule . Trump would always return to who he really is : a coarse provocateur -- happiest when he is in the midst of some spat or another . While he bills himself as a counterpuncher , Trump is more accurately understood as a street brawler : He looks for fights and , when he finds them , he does anything and everything to win . The only goal is survival .
Since winning the White House , Trump 's promises of a presidential pivot have become fewer and farther between as he appears to have more fully embraced his Internet troll persona .
`` My use of social media is not Presidential - it 's MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL , '' Trump tweeted . `` Make America Great Again ! ''
My use of social media is not Presidential - it 's MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL . Make America Great Again ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 1 , 2017
Polling in July by The Washington Post and ABC News suggested that `` modern day presidential '' was n't working out all that well for Trump . Seven in 10 people in the poll said Trump 's `` behavior as president '' was `` unpresidential '' as compared to 24 % who described it as `` fitting and proper . '' ( Almost 4 in 10 Republicans -- 38 % -- said that Trump had acted unpresidential since entering office . )
But what Trump is doing is about more than just what the poll numbers say . The impact of his behavior on our politics and our culture could be much more far-reaching and potentially damaging .
`` Every one of us should be offended by the vindictive and candidly dangerous messages the president sends that demean not only Secretary Clinton , but all women , '' California Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D ) said in a statement Monday afternoon . `` Grow up and do your job . ''
Trump defines the word `` presidential '' negatively . For him , acting in a way consistent with the men who have held the nation 's highest office before him is just a media construct . There 's not really any such thing as `` acting presidential '' in Trump 's world . If you 're the president , you can act however you want because , well , you 're the president . Might makes right . The president is presidential by default .
That view is consistent with this moment in our culture . The Kardashians have made being famous a goal in and of itself . It does n't matter what you do with the fame . What matters is that you are famous . YouTube has convinced every person that theirs is a voice -- and a set of opinions -- that need to be heard . Twitter -- and social media more broadly -- rewards takedowns of people ; the bigger the person ( in terms of number of followers ) you dunk on , the brighter your star theoretically shines .
But , the presidency -- until Trump -- was conceived of as being immune to ( or at least above ) this sort of lowest-common denominator instincts . From the day that George Washington decided he would n't seek a third term as our first president , there has been a `` country first '' mentality among our chief executives .
There was a sense of passed-down responsibility -- that , by dint of the position to which you were elected , you were required to try to always take the high road , to appeal to people 's better angels rather than their lowest impulses . ( Yes , I know Bill Clinton had an affair with a White House intern . And that other presidents have not exactly been angels either . With Trump , however , there appears to a goal of degrading the office in a way I 've not seen from any past president . )
That sense that the office changes the man elected to it was what kept people who did n't vote for Trump hoping he might be different once he sat behind the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office .
With eight months of Trump 's presidency in the rear-view mirror , that possibility seems both quaint and laughable . Trump seems focused on destroying the idea of `` acting presidential , '' glorying in the gasps and he-tweeted-whats that now happen on a near-daily basis . He believes -- I guess ? -- that in acting the opposite of how we have long believed presidents are supposed to act , he is affirming his everyman credentials and sticking up for the little guy in the unending war against the elites .
It 's that same mentality that led sports radio personality Clay Travis -- in a live CNN interview about ESPN 's Jemele Hill on Friday -- to say : `` I believe in the First Amendment and boobs . ''
Travis , as his smirk made clear , believed he was being edgy and giving the middle finger to the political correctness police with his `` take . '' He was sticking it to the liberal media ! He was a hero of free speech !
But here 's the thing : He was n't any of those things . Travis was just being a bro . He was expressing a misogynistic sentiment in a totally inappropriate setting . Like , why does the subject of boobs come up in an interview about whether or not Hill should be allowed to refer to Trump as a white supremacist ? That 's like me shouting `` boobs '' in mid-air of a cross-country flight and congratulating myself for my bravery .
Opposing societal norms that are inherently unfair or misguided is one thing . Flouting conventions of good behavior ( or , in Trump 's case , presidential behavior ) is something totally different .
Trump seems intent on defining the presidency downward . The question is whether the American people will follow him even further down .
President Trump promised to work to keep manufacturing companies in the U.S. , and to lower taxes for businesses , speaking at the unveiling of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner on Feb. 17 in North Charleston , S.C. ( The Washington Post )
Five months ago at a Boeing factory in South Carolina , President Trump proclaimed , “ We are going to fight for every last American job . ”
On Thursday , workers at the North Charleston plant learned they 'd soon face layoffs .
The airplane manufacturer announced it would be cutting “ fewer than 200 people ” at the 787 Dreamliner campus and other facilities in the city .
“ Our competition is relentless , and that has made clear our need as a company to reduce cost to be more competitive , ” Boeing said in a statement . “ We are offering resources to those affected by layoffs to help them in finding other employment and ease their transition as much as possible . ”
The company has yet to notify the affected employees — who work in operations management , engineering , quality control and training , among other roles — and represent a tiny sliver of its workforce in the state . Boeing would not say how many , exactly , could lose their jobs and when the dismissals will begin .
The South Carolina plant was Trump 's first company visit outside the Beltway after he became president . The point of the trip was not to unveil a major economic policy or promote a new White House initiative , though . Rather , Trump celebrated the launch of the company 's new Dreamliner model .
“ We 're here to day to celebrate American engineering and American manufacturing , ” Trump said at the time . “ We 're also here today to celebrate jobs . Jobs ! ” ( The White House did not respond to a request for comment . )
Boeing employs about 140,000 workers in the United States , mostly in Washington , California , Missouri and South Carolina . Roughly 50,000 work on the factory floor , putting planes together . Approximately 7,300 work in the Palmetto State .
In December , Boeing said it planned to cut jobs this year because of a dropping demand for new planes . The company revealed it would decrease production of the Boeing 777 by 40 percent in 2017 .
By March , the company had accepted about 1,880 voluntary layoffs from employees in Washington state . Then nearly 500 workers near Seattle received involuntary layoff notices in April , according to the Seattle Times
Jonathan Battaglia , representative for the Machinists Union , which the Boeing employees in North Charleston voted not to join in February , said about 700 people in South Carolina have taken buyouts over the past year . The coming wave of layoffs at the North Charleston campus are the first involuntary dismissals to hit its South Carolina workforce .
“ Despite Boeing 's promises , it 's clear that job security is something they do n't feel their so-called ‘ teammates ' deserve , ” Battaglia said . “ This is n't about competitiveness , it 's about more money for shareholders and executives . ”
Boeing , meanwhile , promotes its investment in American jobs .
“ Boeing 's market success plays a key role in supporting high-value aerospace jobs across its supply chain and across the United States , ” according to the company website . “ In 2015 alone , Boeing paid nearly $ 50 billion to more than 13,600 businesses , supporting an additional 1.5 million supplier-related jobs . ”
Media playback is not supported on this device In-form McGinn on target for Aberdeen
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes has revealed forward Niall McGinn is likely to leave Pittodrie this summer .
The Northern Ireland international , 29 , is in the final few months of his contract , having first joined the Dons in 2012 .
`` His agent has indicated that there may be ( English ) Championship interest in Niall , which I am not too surprised about , '' said McInnes .
`` And it 's difficult for us to compete with Championship clubs . ''
With Aberdeen aiming to finish second in the Premiership and a Scottish Cup semi-final to look forward to , McInnes is hoping McGinn can end his Dons career with a flourish .
`` He 's still got plenty to offer , '' he said .
`` I do n't want to talk in the past tense ; we 're looking forward to the remainder of the season . He 's been a real key player for us over the years .
`` The financial gains often come into it , with players of a certain age .
`` Niall has been very respectful . He accepts that our offer was a very good one and he 's thought long and hard about it .
`` We pushed for answer and , unfortunately , it looks like his destination will be the Championship . ''
McGinn first joined Aberdeen during Craig Brown 's spell as manager , having been at Celtic for three years during which time he had a loan spell at Brentford .
McGinn has played an important part in McInnes 's Aberdeen team
He was part of the Dons team that won the Scottish League Cup in 2014 and he won the Scottish Cup with Celtic three years earlier .
Capable of playing in wide and central positions , McGinn has made over 200 appearances for Aberdeen , scoring 67 goals .
He has also won 50 international caps and has three goals for his country , including one against Ukraine at Euro 2016 .
By Christian Jarrett
A person diagnosed with psychogenic amnesia complains of serious memory problems , sometimes even forgetting who they are , without there being any apparent physical reason for their symptoms – in other words , their condition seems to be purely psychological .
It 's a fascinating , controversial diagnosis with roots dating back to Freud 's , Breuer 's and Charcot 's ideas about hysteria and how emotional problems sometimes manifest in dramatic physical ways . Today , some experts doubt that psychogenic amnesia is a real phenomenon , reasoning that there is either an undetected physical cause or the patient is fabricating their memory symptoms .
In a new paper in Brain , a team of British neuropsychologists has reported their findings from a study of 53 patients diagnosed with psychogenic amnesia – one of the largest ever studies of its kind . Michael Kopelman at King 's College , London , and his colleagues conclude that the prognosis ( that is , the scope and speed of recovery ) for psychogenic amnesia is better than previously realised and that there appear to be four main categories of the condition .
The patients with psychogenic amnesia had all been referred to St Thomas 's Hospital in London between 1990 and 2008 , and the researchers compared their memory functioning and clinical history with 21 patients with memory disorders with a known physical cause ( such as early stage Alzheimer 's or hypoxia ) , and 14 healthy volunteers .
The patients with psychogenic amnesia fell into four distinct categories . There were those who were in a fugue state , who had been wandering lost for days with no recollection of who they are or their past life . “ I had a breakdown , ” said one patient . “ My brain decided to close down . I felt as if placed into a grown-up body without knowing the history of the body . ”
Upon neurological examination , the fugue patients appeared healthy , and their state usually returned to normal within four weeks , though often sooner , and sometimes within hours . After recovery , most of their memories returned , except for a blank gap during the fugue state .
The second category was fugue-to-focal retrograde amnesia . These patients started out in a fugue state – lost and usually with no or little memory of their past and no sense of identity – then as the fugue state resolved , they were left with more persistent memory loss for large periods of their past lives . Their memory gaps seemed to take longer to recover than the fugue patients ( sometimes never recovering ) , though with a relative sparing of more recent memories .
The third category was focal retrograde amnesia . These patients had a severe loss of memory for large periods of their lives , or their entire lives , sometimes a temporary loss of identity , but there was no fugue period involving wandering . The onset was often a mild neurological event ( such as a minor stroke ) or minor head injury , but one “ insufficient to account for the severity of the retrograde memory loss ” . Similar to the fugue-to-focal retrograde amnesia category , these patients ' memory loss was more prolonged than the fugue patients , but with a relative sparing of more recent memories .
And finally , some of the patients fell into a category the researchers called “ gaps in memory ” – they did n't have a wandering period , loss of personal identity was also rare , and their one or more periods of memory loss were discrete , often tied to a specific traumatic experience ( and often associated with PTSD ) .
At six months follow up , the fugue patients and to a lesser extent , the focal retrograde amnesia patients , showed good improvement . “ In summary , the prognosis in psychogenic amnesia appears better than the previous literature suggests , ” the researchers said .
Comparing the psychogenic patients with the neurological and healthy controls , the psychogenic group were more likely to have suffered a past head injury ( though not of sufficient seriousness to explain their memory problems ) ; they were more likely to have a diagnosis of depression ; to have a history of family or relationship problems , or employment problems ; problems in childhood ; and/or a history of alcohol or drug problems .
The finding that the psychogenic patients were more likely to have a history of head injury than the neurological controls is particularly surprising . Kopelman 's team said “ this may predispose some individuals to developing psychogenic amnesia at a later time of severe precipitating crisis . ”
A debate about psychogenic amnesia that dates back to Freud is whether the process of memory loss is deliberate or subconscious . Kopelman and his team observed that their findings were more consistent with there being a conscious , deliberate element to the condition ( as first proposed by Freud and Josef Breuer , though Freud later changed his position ) . For instance , some of the patients in the new study made comments like : “ It 's like a box locked away , and I do n't really want to open it ” and “ I put things in boxes … I know the memories are there … but can not get access to them . ”
The current thinking of Kopelman and others is that the deliberate memory suppression of psychogenic amnesia is often brought about by stressful crises in life , and that the deliberate forgetting manifests in genuine neurological processes that really do interfere with memory and even personal identity . Kopelman and his team conclude by quoting the Cambridge University psychologists Michael Anderson and Simon Hanslmayr : “ Control mechanisms mediated by the prefrontal cortex interrupt mnemonic function and impair memory … We are … conspirators in our own forgetting . ”
—Psychogenic amnesia : syndromes , outcome , and patterns of retrograde amnesia
Image : via César Astudillo/flickr
Christian Jarrett ( @ Psych_Writer ) is Editor of BPS Research Digest
Can an app make your TV look better ? According to THX , the answer to that question is yes . Today the company is releasing THX Tune-Up , a calibration app for iOS it claims can help you get the best performance from your home theater setup . Tune-Up arrives just in time for the rush of HDTVs being sold ahead of this weekend 's Super Bowl , and there 's good reason for new TV owners to give the app a look .
True , there are those people that will pull a $ 1,500 big-screen TV out of its box , plug it in , and live happily ever after with their new purchase . Considering the investment high-end HDTVs demand , though , it 's worth doing some extra work to ensure you 're getting the optimal viewing experience . That 's where calibration comes in , but why is it necessary to begin with ?
Getting the best from your new TV
The characteristics of each TV display that comes off the manufacturing line vary slightly — even if they 're all being used for the exact same TV model . Therefore , the settings applied to your TV out of the box are the manufacturer 's best guess as to what will make for a satisfactory picture . But `` satisfactory '' and `` best '' are two very different things . Getting your TV looking its best usually means digging into menus and altering settings like brightness , contrast , color , and tint . But how are you supposed to know which adjustments to make ? The calibration process can seem hopelessly complex to the uninitiated , but thankfully there are several approaches to achieving the desired result .
Existing options
You can already purchase special DVDs and Blu-ray discs that will steer you through calibration with the help of on-screen test patterns and sound samples . Digital Video Essentials makes one such product , and more recently , Disney 's World of Wonder Blu-ray has also proven a popular choice . Included in these packages are colored filters you 'll need to look through during certain tint-oriented tests , and you 'll want to run through the whole gamut of patterns more than once to make sure you 've reached the right settings . There 's also the option of hiring an ISF-certified specialist to come into your home for a professional-grade calibration . The results you 'll get from these experts are unrivaled , but it 's also the most costly option — and overkill for 99 percent of viewers .
Bringing calibration to the iPhone
THX Tune-Up marks the first time we 've seen a smartphone assist users with setting up their home theater centerpiece . Even so , the execution here is largely similar to optical media solutions . Tune-Up displays various visual patterns on your TV with step-by-step audio and text instructions guiding you through each test . They 're all extremely straightforward , and a photo sample paired with each test helps you better understand how each change impacts image quality . THX has also come up with a clever substitute for those plastic color filters ; since the company ca n't exactly include physical accessories with a digital app , it uses the iPhone 's camera to mirror their utility . As for the included sound system tests , they 're a bit simpler but will help you verify that audio is being routed through the proper speaker .
You 'll either need an Apple TV or an expensive cable for your iPhone
Just how do you go about connecting Tune-Up to your HDTV ? There are a few methods , none of them free . The first is AirPlay mirroring over the $ 99 Apple TV , though THX cautions this is n't an ideal solution since you ca n't run audio tests thanks to current limitations with Apple 's protocol . The company would instead prefer that you use Apple 's official AV cables and tether directly over HDMI . And while the app is free ( for a limited time ) , those cables are n't cheap — the Lighting AV cable is $ 50 — and may convince some to skip Tune-Up entirely in favor of cheaper solutions or free online resources like AVS Forum .
But those that do try out THX 's method will be rewarded with modest improvements . In our tests , it worked as advertised . Speaking to The Verge , company reps made clear that Tune-Up is n't meant to be a substitute for having a professional visit your home for a thorough calibration . Instead , it 's a tool that can ( fairly quickly ) help your new TV look better than it did the first time you turned it on . And as an added bonus , you 'll be able to play the famous `` deep note '' that moviegoers hear before THX-certified movies in lossless audio . Available in the App Store now , THX Tune-Up is free for one week , after which it will run $ 1.99 in the US and abroad . An Android version is planned for spring 2013 .
Here in Sweden there has been som cases with changing the Kingdom hall signs . In some congregation the elders went nuts , in others they were calm and more or less laughed obout it .
But , someone probably discovered that it is possible to rearrange the letters in the word `` Rikets sal '' ( Kingdom Hall ) into `` Skitarsle '' ( direct translated `` Sh * t-a * * hole '' , or freely translated : `` a * * hole full of sh * t , an invective ) Probably it were young boys doing this as a prank . But it has happened in a lot of towns , and got some media attention . Mostly humouristic coverage . A lot of peole had a good laugh about it .
In the XJW-community the word `` Skitarsle '' is nowdays the common expression for those Kingdumb Hells .
Some pics of `` assho ..... hmmm Kingdumb Halls with rearranged letters .
For many animals , being noticed can mean being eaten or scaring away a would-be meal . From the tiger 's stripes to the snowy owl 's downy white feathers , camouflage allows animals to hide in plain sight and avoid these perils . But camouflage is often about more than color . Some animals have skin texture that matches the texture of their environment . Other animals have shapes that make it hard to spot the outlines of their bodies .
Camouflage that matches one environment may stand out in another environment . This can be a big problem for animals that need to remain mobile . Cuttlefish , relatives of squid and octopi , handle this in an extraordinary way . They have changeable camouflage that adapts to new surroundings in a split second .
Cuttlefish change the color of their skin by covering or exposing many tiny colored spots , called chromatophores . These spots expand when the small muscles around them contract . Together , exposed chromatophores can create solid colors or complex patterns across the whole surface of the animal . Sometimes these patterns are mottled , resembling variation in the background colors . At other times the patterns do n't match the environment , but instead have high contrast with distinct edges . It might seem that these jarring patterns would stand out , but instead the false edges disrupt the outline of the body and mask its overall cuttlefish shape . This is the same strategy that led to dazzle camouflage , the bold patterns painted on ships to hide them at sea .
But the exquisite camouflage of cuttlefish is not limited to their color changes . They can also alter the texture of their skin . This is done with small organs called papillae . There are many papillae scattered across the skin . In their relaxed state , they are flat . Papillae have multiple muscle groups . When the circular muscles that ring the base of a papilla are contracted , the skin bunches up and the entire structure extends out . Other muscles control the shape of the extruded papillae , fine-tuning their texture . Those texture changes occur at the same time as the shifts in color brought about by the chromatophores , but little is understood about how these processes are controlled .
Forza Horizon 3 : Hot Wheels Review
Playground Games has unleashed it 's second ( and likely final ) expansion for Forza Horizon 3 , and it brings a corkscrew-like twist to Forza that I doubt anyone could have predicted : Hot Wheels . That 's right , one of video games premier racing franchises has been blended with the wild world of Hot Wheels and the result is just incredible . Honestly , if you love Forza Horizon 3 and/or played with Hot Wheels as a kid – just go buy this expansion already – it 's that good . If you need a little more convincing , buckle up and come along for a ride !
The Hot Wheels expansion takes place on an island off the coast of Australia . I did n't bother checking an encyclopedia , but I 'm pretty sure Hot Wheels island does n't exist ( however , if you 're reading this while living on Hot Wheels island , please send me a postcard ) . Much like the Blizzard Mountain expansion that came before it , Hot Wheels expansion takes place in a separate area with a separate progression structure from the main game – although , all the experience and cars you earn will transfer back to Australia with you . You 're once again accompanied by Kiera , Warren and your onboard navigator Anna – and they 'll do what they can to make the transition from slightly realistic racing to over-the-top Hot Wheels racing as smooth as possible . I need to take a quick moment to give props to whoever wrote the dialog for Kiera and Warren for this Hot Wheels expansion – some of the comments were pretty damn funny !
______________________________
“ You 'll race through loops , corkscrews , half-pipes and more – not unlike the Hot Wheels sets you could buy at the toy store ”
Make no mistake about it ; this is the best video game incarnation of Hot Wheels , ever . The tracks are comprised of iconic blue and orange snap together tracks ! You 'll race through loops , corkscrews , half-pipes and more – not unlike the Hot Wheels sets you could buy at the toy store . Boost pads are scattered everywhere and will propel you to incredible speeds – these are some of the fasted moments the Forza franchise has ever provided . There are plenty of massive jumps , usually placed after a boost pad , and often they 'll include burning rings of fire to navigate through . You 'll also have a few encounters with a prehistoric menace – which was a very cool touch . The actual race events are identical to that which you 'd find in the Forza Horizon 3 – just designed to take full advantage of the Hot Wheels style . To top it off , you 'll also get access to some of Hot Wheels classic vehicles like the Boneshaker .
While this expansion deserves a ton of praise for what it provides , it 's not without its flaws . And even though these flaws are pretty minor – they 're worth noting . The classic Hot Wheels vehicles look awesome , but they 're lacking in the performance compared to some Horizon 3 's best vehicles . I often found myself picking non-Hot Wheels cars while racing , especially in multiplayer . Most of the set pieces , like the loops and corkscrews , are awesome and work exactly as you 'd imagine – except the half-pipes . For some reason , the half-pipes just feel awkward – for example , if you slide too far up either side , you 'll fall off the track , even if it looks like you have plenty of track left to drive on . Finally , races often lead up to towering heights , yet some of the tracks are lacking any side rails which can result in accidental falls . Falling off during single player is an easy fix , just rewind time and get back at it . However , falling off the track during multiplayer almost guarantees you 'll lose – since you 'll respawn at a previous checkpoint , and usually way too far back to get back in the race .
______________________________
“ Turn 10 deserves serious props for the way they 've handled the games post-release content ”
Forza Horizon 3 is an outstanding game already ( need proof , check out our review ) , but the dev team deserves serious props for the way they 've handled the games post-release content . The Blizzard Mountain expansion was enjoyable , but this Hot Wheels expansion takes the game to a whole new level . I can say without any doubt ; this Hot Wheels expansion is absolutely worth every nickel . The inclusion of the classic Hot Wheels vehicles , the massive iconic orange loops and corkscrews liberally applied throughout the tracks , the intense speed boosts followed by huge jumps – almost everything has been crafted in near perfect detail to provide the best Hot Wheels experience in gaming . If Playground Games announced that their next game was entirely Hot Wheels – basically this expansion but on a larger scale – I would not hesitate pre-ordering it for a second .
* * * Forza Horizon 3 and the Expansion Pass was provided by the publisher * * *
On the Fourth of July , 2013 , a former soldier and Republican congressional candidate filmed himself loading a shotgun on Freedom Plaza , in Washington DC .
“ We will not be silent . We will not obey . We will not allow our government to destroy our humanity , ” he said into the camera as he loaded the weapon with live ammunition , “ We are the final American Revolution . See you next independence day . ”
Adam Kokesh , the video 's creator and the producer of the libertarian web show “ Adam vs. the Man , ” still intends to live up to this promise , but not in the manner many would have imagined . Rather than attempting to fight the government by taking up arms , he has set his book entitled “ FREEDOM ! ” to be officially released to the public on this coming Independence Day .
In the year since the shotgun incident , he spent four months in jail awaiting sentencing after a SWAT team raided his house and he was charged for openly carrying the shotgun and ammunition , which is illegal in the District of Columbia .
I ( a journalist and co-producer of News2share.com ) took a great interest in Mr. Kokesh due to his civil disobedience activity in the DC area . A few weeks before his sentencing , I reached out to some of his supporters at Liberty Movement Radio to ask for help contacting him . After appearing on one of their shows to discuss my desire to report on his story , my co-producer ( Trey Yingst ) and I conducted an interview with him three days before his sentencing , which would represent his final words to the public before possibly serving time in jail .
In the interview itself , he described his actions , and how he sees the government 's very existence as a violation of human rights . At the end , he also made two promises : the first was to publish a book next Independence Day , which would be “ the new scripture for the global freedom movement , ” and the second promise was to make a 2020 presidential run on the basis of an “ orderly dissolution of the federal government . ”
During his sentencing , the interview was included on the homepage of CNN and Mr. Kokesh was given probation , allowing him to continue his work in freedom ( or not in jail , for that matter ) . I also had a chance to do a follow-up interview with him at CPAC 2014 where he renewed those promises :
Recently , Mr. Kokesh pre-released the book in an effort to get media attention including reviews and coverage ( such as this very article ) before its official release date . While most authors try to make money from their books by way of royalties , Mr. Kokesh has taken a different approach . The entire book is already online as a free and downloadable PDF , and a Kindle version can be purchased for a mere 99 cents . Additionally , the book is supposedly being translated into enough languages to cover “ 90 % of the world 's population . ”
Mr. Kokesh clearly has a strong conviction for his ideas , enough so that he is willing to sacrifice profitability for exposure . A firm non-believer in intellectual property , he even ends the book by saying that “ The contents of this book will never be restricted by any claims of ‘ intellectual property . ' You can rip it , copy it , rewrite , criticize it , broadcast it , burn YOUR copies of it , translate it , misrepresent it , and profit from it . I will not stop you ! ” He has a remarkable desire for his message to spread to the world , and lets no external factor hinder that crusade . Rather than charging for the book itself , he hopes people will donate voluntarily if they feel so inclined before or after reading the book .
As for the content of the book itself , I originally intended to frame this article as a formal review , but its contents merit more of a discussion of its form and purpose .
The book is short , at fewer than 100 pages , formatted almost like an expanded constitution of anarchism or a libertarian manifesto than a non-fiction piece . It breaks down his stances on various topics into chapters and sub-chapters , each tackling some issue from war and foreign policy to sex and marriage and all places in between , all from a vantage point showcasing the harm he attributes to the involvement of government .
Each sub-topic is afforded one or two brief pages rather than harping on any one issue at great length . The language is simple and largely avoids making references to specific policies , governments , or politicians , but rather the institution of government or “ statism ” as a whole .
While initially I was off put by the simplicity of the work and lack of any form of statistics or cited sources , what I realized upon completing the book is that this simple format was actually very consistent with its stated purpose : freedom .
While many libertarian authors and economists have tackled specific issues in great length , “ FREEDOM ! ” serves more like a simple hand guide to Mr. Kokesh 's views on the titular topic . Its simplicity and intentional ambiguity make its message accessible to nearly any person on Earth , particularly when combined with the zero dollar price tag and wealth of available translations promised to the world .
In fact , after reading the book I used a “ find and search ” feature to verify a suspicion of mine . A reader will notice that the book never uses any of the following words : America , Libertarian , Communist , Socialist , Republican , Democrat , Conservative , or Liberal . Even as a long-time supporter of Ron Paul and critic of nearly any other politician that comes to mind , he also avoids reference to any politician or government agency by name . While including such details may have managed to better persuade a current American audience , the vague language allows the book to be equally persuasive to people of any culture , location , language , or time period . Due to the ambiguity , it could be argued that a reader in 30 years would find the book no less applicable than today ( assuming that an anarchist society has not formed by that time ) .
The book does effectively manage to void itself of political affiliation . While Mr. Kokesh formerly made a run for congress on the Republican ticket , his conclusions are not limited by any political spectrum . While he takes a traditionally “ conservative ” view on topics like gun control and taxation , he also takes a traditionally “ progressive ” view on topics such as marriage and families , as well as drug policy . However , to summarize his book as conservative or liberal misses his point entirely ; in the book he even states , “ The freedom movement is not a political movement . It is an anti-political movement . ”
While a conservative or libertarian may be more likely to agree with the book 's ideas , by taking no side in politics it invites anyone into the conversation who 's willing to participate . In fact , by consolidating his ideas into such a simple format , it would seem that the book is intended for those unfamiliar with his ideas and looking either to learn from them or dispute them .
This is something Mr. Kokesh has been a large fan of . For quite a while now , he has had a segment of his show called “ # KOKESHED ” where he invites anyone with an opinion different from his on any topic to debate it with him live on his show via Skype . Additionally , he takes opportunities based on news quite frequently to preemptively make his arguments to the public . Although my math is very loose on this , I calculated that for each page in “ FREEDOM ! ” there is about one full day worth of content on his YouTube page . In other words , though the book itself is brief , someone interested in going deeper into Adam Kokesh 's views on any given topic could easily type “ Adam Kokesh Gun Control ” or something similar for any other topic .
His brevity on each topic may also inspire further reading . Every sub-topic in “ FREEDOM ! ” could have an entire book written about it , and most of them already do ( from a perspective similar to Mr. Kokesh 's ) . While “ FREEDOM ! ” wo n't turn its readers into Austrian economists or expert drug policy reform advocates , it may inspire a reader to research some of his ideas and pick up a book by Murray Rothbard or Ayn Rand ( to name a couple , though there are countless others ) and educate themselves fully on particular issues .
This indirect call for people to further educate themselves combined with his book directly calling for people to share and educate others shows that his intentions no longer include a revolution . Rather , as he puts it , “ Clearly , this is an evolutionary process , not a revolutionary one . As we have seen in the past , revolutions without changes in the paradigm have resulted in more of the same… If the message of freedom has stirred a passion for justice in you and changed the way you see the world , it is your personal revolution . ”
While I may not agree with every point made in the book , and nor will the average person , as a fairly quick and interesting read , it comes recommended as , at the very least , a prompt to start a conversation about what liberty and freedom mean to you .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
More
Print
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Kanika Nikki Utley served as a Producer on a host of acclaimed news and reality television programs such as Emmy Award winning Dateline NBC , NBC 's Emmy-nominated “ The Apprentice ” , Oprah Winfrey 's “ Your Own Show ” , Bravo Network 's Emmy-nominated and Taste award-winning show “ Flipping Out ” , BET 's Prism Award winning “ Keyshia Cole : The Way It Is ” and VH-1 's hit show “ Celebrity Rehab ” .
Kanika 's love of writing , story telling and her strong desire to motivate others lead her to establish a second career in the health and fitness industry . Kanika utilized her high school track and field experience as well as eight years of studying ballet to help launch her debut in the fitness competition world . After months of intense training and strict diet , Kanika 's physique and image transformed so dramatically that she became a healthy billboard for women nationwide to change their mind , body and soul . She won the overall winner title of NPC 's MuscleContest.com Bikini Masters Division 2012 at the age of 38 . She also placed top 10 in the Masters Bikini Division at Fitness Universe Miami 2012 .
Kanika continues to educate and motivate women with her online publication BFW Magazine : Beauty , Fitness and Wellness for women , Black Fitness Women support group , which has over 90,000 Facebook followers/40,000 Instagram followers , and interactive weight loss fitness/nutrition workshops . She is also a 200hr Yoga Alliance Certified Teacher as well as completing her ACE certification and Strong Zumba group fitness certification . Her unwavering focus to inspire and empower women propels her to be a formidable force in the fitness and wellness industry .
In celebration of the Vive 's one-year anniversary we 're giving away Arcade Saga to everyone for one day only , as well as adding it to our Viveport Subscription lineup . What better time to tell you all about the new multiplayer modes for all three games ?
Now you and a friend can face each other in the neon-infused , retro-inspired world of Arcade Saga .
Back in January , early multiplayer modes for Smash , Arcade Saga ‘ s corridor-based game , were rolled out . In that early version , players could compete for high scores across the world .
In February the brick-bashing Fracture got an update , with players facing off in an effort to destroy their own walls first . With a setting inspired by arcade classics like Breakout and Arkanoid , multiplayer Fracture takes destruction to a new level .
In addition , this update introduced the new Helper and Hinder powerups . In Fracture , a Helper powerup will instantly turn your ball into a fireball , clearing bricks much faster . The Hinder powerup will add ‘ devil bricks ' to your opponent 's wall ( seen below ) .
In Smash , the Helper powerup splits a single ball into two , making your opponent work much harder to defend their own goal . A Hinder powerup disables your oppponent 's Slow Shot ability , so they have to face down your oncoming projectiles without that boost !
Finally this month the third game in Arcade Saga ‘ s trio , Bowshot , has joined the multiplayer family .
Bowshot multiplayer lets players face off in a single arena with the goal of shooting more enemies than their opponent . Enemies spawn in waves and you 'll need to be fast and accurate to win in this timed based head to head mode .
Sound too easy ? Well , as with Smash and Fracture , Helper and Hinder powerups have been added , where a player can either help themselves by having every shot they shoot be a charged shot for extra damage , or they can Hinder their opponent by putting a forcefield around them that blocks arrows from hitting their target .
It 's a whole new Arcade Saga with these multiplayer modes – which makes this a great time to check it out if you have n't already .
Arcade Saga will be available on Viveport for FREE for one day only – tomorrow , April 5th , 2017 . It will also be available as part of Viveport Subscription .
The Impact of Future Technology on Saving Energy
The technology of the future that will allow for a more eco-friendly relationship with our environment is rapidly approaching . In order to better understand the impact of these technologies , we have outlined them into two distinct areas : saving at home , and saving on the road .
It was reported that there has been a 44 % increase in primary energy consumption across the globe over the past 16 years ( statista.com ) . As such , we are not likely going to make a drastic departure from our behavior of having high-powered homes and frequent use of transportation .
These technologies will allow us to curb energy usage without having to alter our accustomed style of living .
Infographic transcription :
Saving at Home
Residential Energy Consumption
Since 2012 , total energy consumption in the residential sector has increased by 8.86 % . Finding new ways to save energy at home is now becoming a primary objective among technology innovators .
Saving Money
From everyday electronics to sources of heat and power , there are many factors involved in a home 's overall energy usage . These new technologies are aimed at helping people save money by conserving the amount of energy their homes use during the day .
Tesla 's New Powerwall Home Battery
While the battery asks a high up-front cost , it promises large potential long-term savings with its ability to generate and store solar energy as electricity . Using energy generated by solar panels , Powerwall can fortify a home against power outages by acting as a backup electricity supply and offering independence from the utility grid .
Tesla Powerwall replaces your primary energy , saving you up to $ 500 a year .
Smart Thermostats
A self-programming smart thermostat builds your temperature preferences into a schedule , allows for smartphone integration , and provides monthly savings reports .
Advanced Light Bulbs
Induction Powered Light Bulbs
Induction Powered Light Bulbs use 75 % less energy than incandescent light bulbs , last 15 times longer , and have a lifespan of 15,000 hours .
CFLs ( Compact Fluorescent Light Bulbs )
These light bulbs use 70 % less energy than incandescent light bulbs , last years longer , and can be purchased for less than two dollars a bulb .
LEDs Light Emitting Diodes
Light Emitting Diodes use 90 % less energy than incandescent light bulbs and last up to 50,000 hours , or five times longer than comparable bulbs . These lightbulbs also heat up slower , which reduces the risk of a fire hazard .
Halogen Incandescents
Halogen Incandescent light bulbs use 25-35 % less energy than traditional incandescent bulbs , last up to 1.8 years longer , and also provide a nostalgic feel , based on their glow .
Saving on the Road
In 2015 , the transportation sector of the United States , alone , consumed 15,981 Trillion BTUs . This sector is behind only the industrial sector ( 18,212 Trillion BTUs ) in total energy consumption .
A major factor in the transportation sector is the energy used to power cars and highways . Finding new ways to save energy in this sector will be imperative to conserving natural resources and avoiding waste and high energy costs .
The following technologies are being developed to curb energy usage among drivers and highway technology .
Solar Roadways
Equipped with built-in LED lights , solar roadways were commissioned by the Federal Highway Administration to create a clean source of renewable energy . These roadways use solar panels and highway technology with 18.5 % efficiency . The panels are designed to last a minimum of 20 years and can withstand up to 250,000 pounds .
These roadway panels are built to withstand temperatures of up to 257 degrees Fahrenheit , and melt snow and ice on contact , preventing roadway accidents .
Glow in the Dark Road Markings
Glow in the dark road markings use lines made of glow-in-the-dark paint to illuminate the roads at night .
Currently being implemented in the Netherlands , these road markings can glow for 10 hours and allow for the removal of street lamps along the road .
Electric Priority Lanes
Electric priority lanes charge cars while on-the-go by using embedded magnets . These lanes are currently being tested in Germany and help to increase the duration of electric batteries for a longer driving time on the road .
Interactive Light
Motion-sensor road lights light up when cars approach , and fade as traffic clears . These are built into the roadway and can provide long-term energy savings .
by David Wojick
The “ Climate Change Education Act ” ( S.3074 ) directs the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) to establish a climate change education program focused on formal and informal learning for all age levels .
When it comes to beating the climate change drum , Sen. Ed Markey is the Energizer Bunny . As a Congressman , Rep. Markey was Chairman of the now defunct House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming from 2007 to 2011 . This time he is drumming on the education front . Markey has dropped the “ Climate Education Act ” into the Senate hopper . While the bill is unlikely to pass at this time , it is still important to object to , lest it be seen to be acceptable .
Sen. Markey 's website summarizes the proposal as follows : “ The “ Climate Change Education Act ” ( S.3074 ) directs the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) to establish a climate change education program focused on formal and informal learning for all age levels . The program would explore solutions to climate change , the dangers we face in a warming world , and relatively small changes in daily routines that can have a profound global impact . The legislation also establishes a grant program to support public outreach programs that improve access to clean energy jobs and research funds so local communities can address climate mitigation and adaptation issues . ”
There is a lot not to like here , beginning with the false scientific claims . The first is hyping the supposed dangers we face in a warming world , which simply do not exist . Nor are there small changes in daily routines that can have a profound global impact , because humans do not control the global climate . What is here being called Education is really just scaremongering and propaganda . Ironically , the Bill itself says one goal is to remove the fear of climate change , which it actually promotes .
What is really strange is the focus on so-called clean energy jobs and technology . The term “ clean energy ” is a misleading euphemism for renewable technologies . Thus the thrust of the Bill is not just on climate science education ; rather it is on using the education system to promote renewables . NOAA has no expertise in this regard and no mission . They do things like running the National Weather Service . Promoting renewables and green workforce development is the Energy Department 's job .
On the science side , NOAA has long been active in so-called “ climate education , ” which basically means spreading the Government 's biased view of climate change as human driven and dangerous . For example , the Climate Literacy and Energy Awareness Network ( CLEAN ) Portal was launched in 2010 , co-sponsored by NOAA , NSF and the Energy Department . As of 2012 , CLEAN has been syndicated to NOAA 's climate.gov portal , where they offer over 600 educational materials , most of which are biased toward the scary Federal version of climate science .
In fact NOAA has led a Federal drive to redefine “ climate literacy ” as accepting the Government 's biased position . According to their website , the stated Guiding Principle for climate literacy is “ Humans can take actions to reduce climate change and its impacts. ” The reality is that humans can do little to change climate change and a little global warming is not harmful . It is probably beneficial .
What the proposed Climate Education Act would do is give statutory authority for NOAA 's existing propaganda actions , something that is presently lacking . It also allows the agency to bribe states to use its stuff , which is pretty insidious .
It would also allow NOAA to go beyond simply providing online information , to begin writing actual curriculums to be used in the classroom . That is where the bribery really comes in . This curricular push coincides with the widespread deployment of the Next Generation Science Standards . Most states that adopt them need to develop new curriculums , because these science standards are very different from the existing state standards , especially in the area of climate change .
Beyond this , the Bill would put NOAA into the strange new business of promoting the renewable energy industry and training its workers . The Energy Department already does this , while NOAA has neither the mission nor the organization to do it .
In summary this so-called Climate Education Act does nothing that is good , for the climate or the students . It is based on false science and pushes NOAA in the wrong direction . NOAA should be trying to understand climate change , not promote renewable technologies in the name of dangerous global warming .
Press coverage is bad , buying the Bill as expected . See for example these :
Moderation note : As with all guest posts , please keep your comments civil and relevant .
Tuesday Tips : Unconventional Throws To Work On During Indoor Season
The luxury of calm , controlled conditions make for an ideal environment to workshop some new throws .
Take a long deep breath of stale , recycled air as you survey the turf field covered in youth soccer players .
Ahhhh… indoor season .
There are no elements . The field is a flat uniform surface . There are quirky rule variations like two pointers , make-it-drop-it formats , and hockey substitutions that are designed to maximize gameplay .
If you consider yourself a thrower , indoor is the Cadillac of ultimate .
Regardless of how you identify as a player , this is a good time of year to rediscover and fine tune your throws . No wind and no rain means the conditions are a non-factor . Tighter windows , shorter stall counts , and tiny endzones make it more challenging and accuracy more critical . The glory of this adaptation of ultimate is that the disc is going to fly true , it 's going to go where you put it .
Really , indoor is a great time to work on all of your throws , but the conditions are ideal for crafting throws that , while cheeky , can be very effective . If you can master these unconventional throws in indoor conditions , you are on your way toward incorporating them into your game wherever you play .
Flick Blade & Heavy OI Bender
Distance : 10-50 yard
Best Application : Either force
With tighter windows because of the smaller indoor field , it is often imperative to get the disc to a spot as quickly as possible and accuracy is paramount . Blades , or flicks with heavy outside-in bend are a great way to get the disc where it needs to be .
https : //gfycat.com/FeminineIncompatibleBluefintuna
Pros :
Can be placed in a small space over traffic
Quick release
Easier to keep in bounds than a normal deep flick
Takes advantage of receivers in position
Big hucks outdoors do not necessarily translate to the confines of indoor . Throwing out the back when a cutter is streaking deep is a common and frustrating problem . By learning to accurately throw forehands with far more tilt on the disc , you can better control distance and take advantage of shorter away cuts . Japan 's Buzz Bullets are notorious users of precise flick benders and blades when attacking the deep space .
This is a good throw to warm up with . Try adding five or 10 to your pre-game routine , releasing as high as possible with your normal flick grip . This translates well outdoors as another option to go over a zone .
Double Helix Hammer
Distance : 10-50 yards
Best Application : Force backhand
Like everything else , there 's more than one way to throw a hammer . Brodie Smith has a video that touches on two different but equally successful variations of hammers from former Florida teammates Tim Gehret and Kurt Gibson . Here 's Gibson 's :
https : //gfycat.com/LivePeriodicCrane
Pros :
Two point score ability
Elite placement
This is the longer option to the Nick Lance scoober , which can travel full field indoors , but may be too slow by the time it arrives . Overhand throws like the hammer are just more powerful and will get there faster .
Notice in Gibson 's hammer the shallower flight path than the more traditional up-and-down , single helix throw . Practice this by releasing lower and flatter to achieve the second cutback .
Goofy versions of the indoor game like make-it-take-it and subbing on the fly can leave people open deep frequently . Sometimes a throw — any throw — just has to get there . A hammer is a great option , if calibrated accordingly .
Double Helix/Nick Lance Scoober
Distance : 10-30 yards
Best Application : Against force backhand
Has there been a more popular “ new ” throw over the last five years ? Nick Lance really put it on the map in his 2012 Callahan video and double helix scoober has only picked up steam since .
https : //gfycat.com/DamagedThornyHorsemouse
Pros :
Utilizes the width of the field
The counterpoint break throws to the hammer
Quick release
Indoor is usually a force backhand world to prevent the hammer . Developing the double helix scoober will give you an upside down break hrow threat when the hammer option is gone .
Holding the disc with the same grip you would a forehand , turn the disc over and pivot to your backhand side . Winding up to approximately even with your back shoulder , whip your arm forward and release once the disc has passed your forward shoulder but before your arm is fully extended . The angle of the disc as it is released and the amount of spin generated by the flick of your wrist will determine how quickly it doubles helixes .
Look at how high Lance finishes his throw in the clip above . Even if the mark had gotten there in time , his release point ensures that this scoober would have found pay dirt .
Experiment with different angles of release and , like the clip above , the maximum height you can achieve while still being accurate .
Skyhook/Over the Head Push Pass
Distance : 5-15 yards
Best Application : Against force flick on the goal line
Many people have used ( or at least seen ) the short push pass to the shallow up line cut or the borderline handoff to the streaking offender at the force side cone . The skyhook is a high release push pass over the mark 's head to the break side .
https : //gfycat.com/OccasionalLegitimateLamprey
Pros :
Attacks the shallow break space in the shadow of the mark
Slow and floaty for cutters to read and catch
Extremely difficult to block
One place there 's always room in indoor is right behind the mark . It does n't make a lot of sense for a defender to play his or her person super tight in that space , which leaves a lot of opportunity as a thrower .
Hold the disc with your thumb on top , forefinger along the rim , and the rest of your fingers tucked underneath the rim ( like any push pass ) . Arc your arm back and up before releasing with a flick of the wrist forward . Try to release it as high as you can with the front lip tilted down to guide it ; by coming out almost behind you and still traveling up as it passes over the mark 's head , this throw is nearly impossible to point block when executed correctly .
Short marks . Tall marks . It does n't matter . Once you hone the motion , the skyhook is the ideal slow toss to a cutter who is being face-guarded and is a goal mint near the endzone .
* * *
These unconventional throws are primarily useful indoors… until they 're not . Note that all of the clips were from outdoor settings .
“ Useful ” is in the eye of the beholder . Here 's a clip of Furious George 's Jeff Cruickshank , who is widely regarded as one of the best throwers ever , dropping an absolute mortar shell of a thumber in the finals of Northwest Regionals in 2004 . The confidence . The fearlessness . For the love of god , the stage ! Do you think Cruickshank might have thrown that a couple times before he decided to dust it off in a game-to-go ?
Not everyone needs a 50-yard thumber . But if you want one , or any other throw , workshopping the motions ca n't start at Regionals . The weather-controlled luxury of indoor field space is usually pretty expensive . Get your money 's worth and start finding out what you might be able to take with you when you head back outside .
Unfortunately , as I work through the the consequences of the new IRS tax ruling it does appear to me that this ruling will have catastrophic consequences on cryptos . For example , I expect Nxt to be devastated and probably destroyed . Bitcoin will likely be badly damaged , led by economic damage to the bitcoin miners and a chilling effect on retail sales .
On the upside , if there is such a thing , Peercoin is more likely to survive than any other crypto of which I am aware . Although , the PPC price might decline precipitously as we go through the economic bottleneck that will kill many cryptos .
In future posts I will give some rationale for this dark concern and these conclusions .
For now , I would recommend not rushing for the exits : that would just cause damage . Some think they are nimble traders - able to get in and out , rapidly , buy low and sell high , but let 's be honest and mature : that hardly ever works . And , if you could get out , where would you put your money ? In the world of fiat money-from-debt there are choppy and rising seas and few safe harbors . The entire industrialized world is at this time deep in denial that it is in fact mired in a worsening huge economic crisis . The denial can not last . The consequences of gigantically leveraged , drowning-in-debt fiat can not be denied forever . Large amounts of today 's apparent wealth as stored in fiat money , bonds and collectibles will be destroyed in coming years .
Outside of that system , we are here in cryptos because we are visionaries and technologists , risk-takers , brave souls who love and are attracted to new and wondrous possibilities . We are making a better future .
I say , if you are in Peercoin , stay the course . We are heading into the teeth of a terrible storm . If we stay calm and resolute through the coming trials and tribulations , then many years from now when we look back on this time , we will be able to look back with pride and we will know that we have earned our sense of self-respect . We will know that through great adversity we prevailed , survived and pioneered a new and better way for humans to trade and cooperate with one another . So , it is important that we stay the course .
Stay the course . Stay Strong .
When others are gripped by panic and foundering at sea . Remember that Peercoin is the best and most seaworthy ship ; even though the storm is terrible and there is no land to be seen , nor apparently any safe harbor , and the horizon is dark . Remember , you are riding on the most seaworthy ship . Peercoin was built to survive long-term .
Always remember : Stay the course .
Sorry for the melodrama , but I do believe , because of this IRS ruling , it is time to psychologically start “ securing the gear ” and “ battening down the hatches ” .
Edit : spelling
“ Trash removal costs go up not because garbage collectors become less efficient but because less labor is needed to manufacture a single computer , for instance , and wages in that industry ( and others , as well ) continue to climb. ” – William Baumol , The Cost Disease , p. 44
If you read only one book about higher education this year , read The Cost Disease , by William Baumol . It 's essential , brilliant , and even readable . And it answers an important question – why the costs of health care and education keep going up – more intelligently than anything else I 've seen . ( My book does n't come out until January , so he can have this year… )
William Baumol is an economist who gained fame in the 1960 's for discovering what came to be known as “ Baumol 's cost disease. ” It 's the observation that rates of productivity growth are uneven across industries , and that the products or services of the industries with lower productivity growth will gradually and inexorably become more expensive than those of the industries with higher productivity growth .
In the original paper , Baumol looked at a Mozart string quartet . It takes just as many musicians just as long to play today as it did two hundred years ago ; in real terms , the productivity increase for string quartets has been zero . By contrast , the productivity growth in telecommunications , driven almost entirely by technology , has been astronomical . The rate of growth in telecom has been so high that companies can lower prices and increase profits at the same time . ( Bless him , Baumol prefers to look at increased wages , rather than increased profits . Suffice it to say that actual telecoms do n't always work like that . )
Baumol isolates human labor as the key factor . ( There 's a vague echo of Marx ' labor theory of value , though Baumol does n't acknowledge it . ) Industries that have been able to replace expensive human labor with inexpensive machinery ( when amortized over lots of production , anyway ) have been able to lower costs for everyone . The share of GDP they 've forfeited by lowering costs has moved over to what he calls the “ stagnant ” sector , which is the set of industries in which production is still very hands-on and therefore hard to speed up . Education and health care are the most conspicuous examples , though it also holds for live entertainment , restaurants , and legal services .
To take an easy example from the book , in the 1800 's , most Americans worked in agriculture . Now only about three percent do , yet that three percent produces far more food than the majority of the country was able to produce just a few generations ago . Technology has been the key . Even in manufacturing , though the job losses since the midcentury peak have been dramatic , there 's still plenty of stuff being produced ; the key change has been that the producers have become so much more efficient that they do n't need as many employees .
Education and health care have n't enjoyed those gains . They 're still producing in much the same way they did fifty years ago . As a result , salary increases for people who work in education and health care are n't paid for through increased production ; they 're paid for by charging more . Instead of the virtuous cycle of higher wages and lower prices that the more “ productive ” sector has enjoyed , we 've endured the vicious cycle of lower wages and higher prices that comes from a long-term productivity squeeze .
Baumol is oddly content with that . He argues throughout the book that when the economy grows enough as a whole , the fact that a few sectors are taking up more of it really does n't matter much . I ca n't share his confidence , since I ca n't help but notice that middle class wages have stagnated for decades even in the face of annual productivity increases . We 've had a self-reinforcing distribution problem that has concentrated the gains of productivity in the top tier , leading to a politics of resentment among the rest . ( One could easily explain the election as the two parties offering different versions of who to resent . ) Baumol is right that GDP as a whole can certainly handle increased tuition , but it does n't follow that therefore a middle class family can . To paraphrase Tug McGraw , ya got ta disaggregate .
Still , the real breakthrough of the book for me is the discussion of Big Data as a way around the cost disease . The cost disease happens – entirely without villains , corruption , or ill intent – when some sectors increase productivity faster than others for an extended period . Baumol notes that one way around the problem is to zero out productivity growth altogether . He 's right , mathematically , but I do n't think we want to live that way . So the other way around it – which the book explores in the context of health care , but largely ignores for education – is for the slow-growth sectors to pick up their pace .
Baumol contrasts car manufacturing to car repairing : the former allows for easy productivity improvements , but the latter does n't . As Tolstoy would have noted , every new car is the same , but every broken car is broken in its own way . ( That 's from “ Vanna Karenina , ” about a minivan in a bad spot . ) It 's harder to cut costs on the repair side because the diagnostic step still requires trained human intervention .
And that 's where we in higher ed have an opportunity , though Baumol does n't raise it himself . We 've tried to use midcentury standardization – “ take out your number two pencils ” – with mostly terrible results . But we have n't used Big Data more strategically , as a diagnostic .
Amazon.com does this all the time . When I log on , it offers suggestions based on what I 've bought or looked at before . When I look at a particular book , it offers “ others who bought this also liked… ” It looks simple , but there 's an impressive amount of data crunching that makes that possible , and the data crunching has only become possible as computers have hit their stride .
As an industry , we still use the artisanal mode of production . Until recently , there was a good argument that it was the best we could do . But I 'm not sure that 's true anymore .
To me , the really exciting prospects offered by Big Data and MOOCs and , yes , outcomes assessment , is in helping us allocate human intervention most effectively . In health care , for example , evidence-based reforms have led to procedural checklists that have resulted in better patient outcomes at remarkably low cost . Instead of basing incredibly expensive institutions on anecdotes and self-reinforcing hunches , we have the option of starting to base them on what actually works . Instead of denoting learning in units of time – the credit hour – which defeats any possibility of productivity improvement , we could experiment with different ways of improving student capabilities . If we find a way to get a student to mastery faster , well , that 's productivity .
Oddly for such an insightful book , Baumol seems to take for granted that certain activities are simply trapped , and must be trapped forever . That strikes me as a failure of imagination . Since I do n't share his political complacency , I also do n't share his sense that , say , higher education will just keep on getting more expensive forever and that 's okay . It 's not okay – I have polls and an Occupy movement to prove it – and it 's not necessarily inevitable . We 'll need to be willing to make some pretty drastic changes , but that 's what smart people who intend to survive do . It 's how it 's done . We can do this .
Still , Baumol 's formulation is the only serious answer I 've seen to why the costs of education , law enforcement , and health care have gone up drastically around the world for decades . It is n't about this administrator or that one ; if that were the issue , we 'd see exceptions . The fundamental problem – the issue that colleges have tried to evade with adjuncts – is structural . It 's Baumol 's cost disease . Until we come to grips with that , we 'll be stuck in the politics of resentment .
The US has provided Pakistan with US $ 20billion in counterterrorism aid since 9/11 [ GALLO/GETTY ]
The killing of Osama bin Laden by the United States special forces in a helicopter assault on a sprawling luxury mansion near Islamabad recalls the capture of other al-Qaeda leaders in Pakistani cities . Once again , we see that the real `` terrorist sanctuaries '' are located not along Pakistan 's borders with Afghanistan and India , but in the Pakistani heartland .
This , in turn , underlines another fundamental reality - that the fight against international terrorism can not be won without demilitarising and de-radicalising Pakistan , including by rebalancing civil-military relations there and reining in the country 's rogue Inter-Services Intelligence agency .
Other terrorist leaders captured in Pakistan since 9/11 - including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Al Qaeda 's third in command ; Abu Zubeida , the network 's operations chief ; Yasser Jazeeri ; Abu Faraj Farj ; and Ramzi Binalshibh , one of the coordinators of 9/11 - were also found living in cities across Pakistan . If there is any surprise about bin Laden 's hideout , it is its location in a military town , Abbottadad , in the shadow of an army academy .
This only underscores the major protection that bin Laden must have received from elements of the Pakistani security establishment to help him elude the US dragnet for nearly a decade . The breakthrough in hunting him down came only after the US , even at the risk of rupturing its longstanding ties with the Pakistani army and ISI , deployed a number of CIA operatives , Special Operations forces , and `` contractors '' deep inside Pakistan without the knowledge of the Pakistani military .
In recent years , with its senior operations men captured or killed and bin Laden holed up in Pakistan , the badly splintered al-Qaeda had already lost the ability to mount a major international attack or openly challenge US interests . With bin Laden 's death , Al Qaeda is likely to wither away as an organisation .
Yet its dangerous ideology is expected to live on and motivate state-sponsored non-state actors . It will be mainly such elements that will have the capacity to launch major transnational terrorist attacks , like the 2008 Mumbai strikes . Even in Afghanistan , the US military 's main foe is not al-Qaeda but a resurgent Taliban , which enjoys safe haven in Pakistan .
That is why the spotlight is likely to turn on the terrorist nexus within Pakistan and the role of , and relationship between , state and non-state actors there . Significantly , as the CIA closed in on bin Laden , the chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , Admiral Mike Mullens , for the first time publicly linked the Pakistani military with some of the militants attacking US forces in Afghanistan . Pakistan 's homegrown militia continue to operate openly , and the Pakistani army and intelligence remain loathe to sever their cozy ties with `` extremist '' and `` terrorist '' elements .
For the US , Pakistan poses a particularly difficult challenge . Despite providing US $ 20billion to Pakistan in counterterrorism aid since 9/11 , the US has received grudging assistance , at best , and duplicitous cooperation , at worst . Today , amid a rising tide of anti-Americanism , US policy on Pakistan is rapidly unravelling . Yet Pakistan , with one of the world 's lowest tax-to-GDP ratios , has become more dependent than ever on US aid .
Even as the US exults over bin Laden 's killing , the US government must recognise that its failed policy on Pakistan has inadvertently made that country the world 's main terrorist sanctuary . Rather than helping to build robust civilian institutions there , the US has pampered the jihadist-penetrated Pakistani military establishment , best illustrated by the fresh $ 3billion military aid package earmarked for the next fiscal year . After dictator Pervez Musharraf was driven out of office , the new Pakistani civilian government ordered the ISI to report to the interior ministry , but received no support from the US for this effort to assert civilian control , allowing the army to quickly frustrate the effort .
After coming to office , US President Barack Obama implemented a military surge in Afghanistan . In Pakistan , however , he implemented an aid surge , turning it into the largest recipient of US aid , even though the Afghan Taliban leadership and al-Qaeda remnants remained ensconced in the country . This only deepened US involvement in the wrong war and emboldened Pakistan to fatten the Afghan Taliban , even as sustained US attacks continued to severely weaken al-Qaeda .
Make no mistake : the scourge of Pakistani terrorism emanates more from the country 's Scotch whisky-sipping generals than from the bead-rubbing mullahs . It is the self-styled secular generals who have reared the forces of jihad and fathered the Taliban , Lashkar-e-Taiba , Jalaluddin Haqqani militia , and other groups . Yet , by passing the blame for their ongoing terrorist-proxy policy to their mullah puppets , the generals have made the US believe that the key is to contain the religious fringe , not the puppeteers .
In fact , Pakistan 's descent into a jihadist dungeon occurred not under civilian rule , but under two military dictators – one who nurtured and let loose jihadist forces , and another who took his country to the very edge of the precipice .
Without reform of the Pakistani army and ISI , there can be no end to transnational terrorism - and no genuine nation-building in Pakistan . How can Pakistan be a `` normal '' state if its army and intelligence agency remain outside civilian oversight and decisive power remains with military generals ?
With bin Laden dead , the only way that al-Qaeda can reconstitute itself is if the Pakistani military succeeds in reinstalling a proxy regime in Afghanistan . Until the Pakistani military 's vice-like grip on power is broken and the ISI cut down to size , Pakistan is likely to remain Ground Zero for the terrorist threat that the world confronts .
Brahma Chellaney , Professor of Strategic Studies at the New Delhi-based Center for Policy Research , is the author of Asian Juggernaut and the forthcoming Water : Asia 's New Battlefield .
A version of this article first appeared on Project Syndicate .
The views expressed in this article are the author 's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera 's editorial policy .
WASHINGTON — US President Barack Obama signed a bill on Wednesday that punishes the international boycott campaign against Israel , but said he will not apply a segment that extends protections to West Bank settlements .
The Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 , aimed at removing unfair barriers to competitive US trade , passed the US House of Representatives in December and the Senate on February 11 .
A lengthy section of the law on promoting US-Israel trade requires non-cooperation with entities that participate in the boycott , divestment and sanctions ( BDS ) movement against Israel , and reporting on such entities . The section includes within its definition of an Israel boycott actions that would target businesses in “ Israeli-controlled territories . ”
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“ I have directed my administration to strongly oppose boycotts , divestment campaigns , and sanctions targeting the State of Israel , ” Obama said in a signing statement . “ As long as I am president , we will continue to do so . Certain provisions of this act , by conflating Israel and ‘ Israeli-controlled territories , ' are contrary to longstanding bipartisan United States policy , including with regard to the treatment of settlements . ”
Obama further said in the statement that “ consistent with longstanding constitutional practice ” the administration would negotiate with other countries under the law “ in a manner that does not interfere with my constitutional authority to conduct diplomacy , ” language used in signing statements to signal that a president will not apply a part of a law that does not comport with US foreign policy .
The BDS portion of the law , backed by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , was authored by Rep. Peter Roskam , R-Ill. and Rep. Juan Vargas , D-Calif .
There are multiple bills under consideration in Congress and in over 20 state legislatures targeting BDS . Many of the state bills mandate the divestment of state funds , including pensions , from entities that boycott Israel and a number of those bills extend protection to the settlements . Illinois and South Carolina have passed into law in recent months anti-BDS bills that include protection for settlements .
The Florida legislature this week passed a law that includes settlement protections , and it awaits signing by Governor Rick Scott . A similar bill was introduced this week in the Ohio legislature .
When the White House announced two weeks ago that Obama would sign the bill , AIPAC hailed the move : “ The provision puts the US firmly on record opposing BDS and supporting enhanced commercial ties between the United States and Israel , ” it said . “ This measure builds on the important work of Congress … passing into law firm anti-BDS negotiating objectives for American trade negotiators . ”
Within 180 days after Wednesday 's signing , the US administration will be required to report to the Congress on global BDS activities , including the participation of foreign companies in political boycotts of the Jewish State . The law also includes a number of legal protections for American companies that operate in Israel .
While the Obama administration has long expressed adamant opposition to BDS tactics targeting Israel , there are several references in the legislation to “ Israeli-controlled territories ” or “ any territory controlled by Israel ” as being included in the terms of the bill .
The conflation of Israel proper with contested territory runs counter to longstanding US policy that Israeli settlement activity is an obstacle to achieving a two-state solution , an administration official told The Times of Israel earlier this month . For that reason , the US government abstains from pursuing policies that it sees as conflicting with that objective .
The official stated that the White House seeks to strengthen its economic ties with Israel while at the same time maintaining the policies it considers integral to preserving and advancing the prospect of a two-state accommodation with Palestinians .
Since 1967 , the US government has opposed Israeli settlements and activity associated with them , the official said , also insisting that since the US-Israel Free Trade Agreement was first signed , in 1985 , such a balancing act has been a priority of all US administrations , Democrat and Republican alike .
Notwithstanding Obama 's reservations about some of the bill 's language , his signing it is likely to please Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , as the BDS provision explicitly instructs US trade representatives to discourage European Union member countries from engaging in Israel boycott efforts .
Bourbon Street revelers undeterred by quadruple shooting
View the Slideshow > >
( Gallery by Naomi Martin , NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune )
Gunfire erupted on a packed
Saturday night amid Mardi Gras festivities . Two women and two men were shot in the
around 9:30 p.m. , said officer Frank Robertson III , a spokesman for the
.
One male victim was in surgery and listed in critical condition late Saturday ; the other three victims were in stable condition , Robertson said .
`` Our detectives are working vigorously to gather information on a motive and suspect identification , '' Robertson said .
Patrick Clay , 21 , an LSU student from Mandeville , said he was standing on the corner of of Bourbon Street and St. Louis when suddenly he saw a crowd running and heard shouts that people were shooting .
View Larger Map
`` Everyone immediately started running and the cops immediately started running towards where people were running from , '' Clay said .
`` I was with a group of about seven people and at that point we all just kind of grasped hands and made our way through the crowd as soon as possible , '' he said .
`` We were pretty scared , but at that point , I was just more worried about taking care of my friends , '' he said . `` We had more girls than guys at that point , and we were trying to make sure everyone was OK . ''
In spite of the shooting , crowds on Bourbon Street remained strong throughout Saturday night . Many revelers said they were undeterred by the shooting . Others said they were not surprised .
`` It 's kind of been like that . You just hope it does n't happen to you , '' said Lyle Robelot , 26 , of Baton Rouge . `` Maybe for some of the tourists , it would stop them from going . But being from here , it probably does n't hit us as hard . ''
A New Orleans man , who declined to give his name , said he and his friends heard about the shooting before they went to Bourbon Street , but decided to go ahead anyway . They discussed their plan of action if they were to hear gunshots , he said .
`` I referred to the five D 's from ( the movie ) 'Dodgeball ' : dodge , duck , dip , dive , and dodge , '' he said . `` It 's unfortunate that stray bullets hit innocent bystanders , but it 's not gon na keep people from going to Bourbon . ''
NOTE : This story has been updated to reflect new information . The NOPD initially reported there were three shooting victims ; they later updated that number to four .
SPRINGFIELD — A delivery driver was robbed of a food order on Dawes Street on Tuesday night and would have lost his car as well , but none of the three robbers knew how to drive a manual transmission , police said .
The delivery driver told police he had stopped at about 10:15 p.m. to deliver an order on Dawes Street and called the number on the order to say he had arrived . Moments later , he was rushed by three men , one of whom had a knife .
They demanded the food and his car keys , said Sgt . John Delaney , aide to Police Commissioner William Fitchet .
“ The trio jumped into his car and attempted to steal it , but not one of them knew how to drive a stick-shift car , ” he said .
Delaney said that after some arguing among themselves , they ran off down the street with the food .
The only description provided by police was very limited . The suspects were described as black men in dark clothing and baseball caps .
The incident remains under investigation .
``
Your best friend was born and raised in this town
and being born and raised in this town means loving basketball .
Scratch that- it means worshipping .
The game , the team , the fanfare of it all .
So when you go to a concert on a warm October night
and see the team there , you ask them if you could all
take a picture together and they say yes .
In 1977 , Roman Polanski raped a 13-year old girl .
He was arrested and charged with rape by use of drugs ,
perversion , sodomy , lewd and lascivious acts upon a child
under 14 , and furnishing a controlled substance to a minor .
When he learned he would likely be facing imprisonment
and deportation , Polanski fled to France . In 2009 , Polanski
was detained at Zurich Airport . While he was in custody ,
over 100 people in the film industry publicly called for his
release in a petition . Since 1979 , he has won twenty awards
for his filmmaking .
As the flash of the camera is going off , the shooting guard of the basketball team
who has rosary beads tattooed around his wrists
slips his hands between your best friend 's legs
sliding his fingers into her through her leggings .
In the picture , her mouth is opened into an “ o ”
of surprise .
In 1985 , Bill Cosby allegedly raped Barbara Bowman .
42 other women have come forward with their
accounts of sexual assault and rape at the hands
of Bill Cosby , with the earliest incident dating back to
1965 . Although accusations of sexual assault and rape
have chased Cosby for decades , it has not impacted his
life , career , or marriage . In 2009 , he won the Mark Twain
Prize for American Humor and in 2010 , he won the
Marian Anderson Award , which honors individuals
who have changed society through their art .
You keep asking what 's wrong and when she tells you ,
your heart drops into your feet . 20 minutes later ,
you watch him get kicked out of the concert .
So you follow him .
In 1990 , Charlie Sheen shot his fiancé , Kelly Preston , in the arm .
Six years later , he was arrested for repeatedly beating
his girlfriend , Brittany Ashland . He pleaded no contest to battery
charges and got two years probation and a $ 2,800 fine .
In 2006 , his wife Denise Richards got a restraining order against him
after repeated threats of violence from Sheen .
In 2010 , he was the highest-paid actor on TV .
And you scream . And your best friend sits on a curb
across the street and she cries . And you scream .
And she 'll never talk about this night again .
And he asks you what the fuck you want from him .
And you say leave her alone leave us alone .
And you scream . And she cries .
In 2000 , Eminem 's wife Kim Mathers attempted suicide
after he performed a song detailing his desire to violently
murder her while beating a blow-up doll on stage that was
meant to resemble her . During that same year , Eminem released
a song expressing hatred toward his mother and his longing
to rape her . “ Just bend over like a slut OK Ma ? Oh , now he 's raping
his own mother , abusing a whore , snorting coke , and we gave him
the Rolling Stone cover ” . Despite a history of violence and songs that
are rife with misogynistic , abusive , and homophobic themes ,
Eminem has won 15 Grammy Awards throughout his career and in
2013 , was awarded the Global Icon Award at the MTV European Music Awards .
She did n't ask you to touch her she did n't want this
you have no right she did n't want this how could you
how could you how could you .
In 2009 , Chris Brown was charged with felony assault
for a vicious attack against his girlfriend Rihanna on the
night before the Grammys . Brown was sentenced to five years
of probation and 1,400 hours of community service .
In 2012 , Chris Brown won his first Grammy . In 2015 ,
he sat in the audience of the Grammy Awards as
President Obama issued a PSA imploring the country
to help stop violence against women and girls .
“ Artists have a unique power to change minds and attitudes ,
and get us thinking and talking about what matters . ”
That night , Chris Brown was nominated for the
Best Urban Contemporary Album Award .
Three months later , you 're watching a basketball game with your friends
and the boy with the tattoo of the rosary beads makes a 3-pointer
and your best friend looks away from the TV but that does n't stop
the stadium from erupting in cheers and they 're chanting his name
and they 're chanting his name and they 're chanting his name .
—
Fortesa Latifi - POWER PIGS
( MAKE A MOVIE
MAKE US LAUGH
DROP A BEAT
MAKE A THREE-POINTER
WE 'LL FORGIVE YOU )
TRENTON -- Will the latest Bridgegate disclosure hurt Gov . Chris Christie 's chances at a cabinet slot if Donald Trump wins the White House ?
GOP operatives are divided over what effect news that a former aide to the governor may have destroyed Bridgegate evidence by deleting text messages will have on Trump 's campaign , for which Christie serves as transition planning chief .
Federal court filings on Wednesday show that the aide , Christina Renna , claimed in a text message that the governor `` flat out lied '' when he said during a December 2013 press conference his campaign manager and senior staff had no knowledge of politically motivated George Washington bridge lane closures . Christie said the aide 's claim is n't true .
`` In a normal year , you 'd assume someone with an ethical cloud over his head would be asked to step down from the campaign , '' said Edward `` Ted '' Newton , a senior communications adviser to the Romney-Ryan 2012 campaign who led its research effort for vice-presidential vetting .
`` This year , though , it seems anything goes . So while Trump is insulting Gold Star families and encouraging supporters to shoot Hillary Clinton , I do n't think he 's too concerned about Christie 's ethics problems . ''
Even anti-Trump militants in the GOP say that the background role of a transition chief mitigates the fallout because Trump creates his own outrage on a regular basis .
`` The outrage meter is already being tested a few times a week on something else , '' said Dave Kochel , the chief strategist to Gov . Jeb Bush of Florida 's abortive presidential campaign .
Trump closes N.J. HQ , but may return
He adds that nothing about Trump seems to suggest he cares about the appearance of impropriety , whether legal or social .
`` If Trump were to be successful , I think he 'd be loyal to be his friends , '' said Kochel .
`` My guess is that Trump would move forward and not let this affect his decisions . You 'd have to see something pretty bad come out at trial . ''
Another top GOP operative notes that a Trump victory is becoming less likely , making the latest Christie crisis smaller potatoes to a beleaguered Republican nominee .
New polls in the key battleground states of Colorado and Virginia show Clinton ahead by 14 and 13 points , respectively . In North Carolina , Clinton is up by 9 points , and she 's ahead in Florida by 5 points .
`` At this point I 'm not sure it matters , '' said Reed Galen , deputy campaign manager to U.S. Sen. John McCain 's 2008 presidential bid . `` The campaign is a shambles . If Trump wins it will be as near a political miracle as I can remember . ''
Galen said that `` if Christie is further implicated , they may ask him to step aside , but hard to see what difference it makes now . ''
Claude Brodesser-Akner may be reached at cbrodesser @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @ ClaudeBrodesser . Find NJ.com Politics on Facebook .
Head Coach Wayne Bennett has today selected the 24-man squad that will represent England at the 2017 Rugby League World Cup .
Captained by Sean O'Loughlin , the squad includes Luke Gale , who was crowned Steve Prescott MBE Man of Steel winner last week , Dally M Half-Back of the Year , Gareth Widdop and Betfred Super League 's top metre-maker , Alex Walmsley .
Betfred Super League Grand Final winners , Kallum Watkins and Ryan Hall are included . Between them , the experienced Leeds Rhinos duo have 52 international appearances . Hall debuted in 2009 and has gone to score 32 tries in 32 games . Watkins made his 20th appearance in May against Samoa .
Warrington Wolves ' Ben Currie is one of two ( Walmsley ) uncapped players called up by Bennett . Currie was selected in 2015 for the New Zealand Test Series but never picked in the starting 17 .
St Helens hooker , James Roby also returns to the squad . Last featuring against New Zealand in 2015 , this will be the 31-year-old 's third World Cup after representing England in 2008 and 2013 .
The 24-man list features 18 players that travelled to Sydney in May for the mid-season Pacific Test against Samoa – a game in which England won 30-10 and saw tries from Ryan Hall , Jermaine McGillvary , James Graham , Josh Hodgson and Stefan Ratchford .
On the squad , Wayne Bennett , said : “ Selecting the final 24 with the help of my coaching staff was tough and that was down to the effort and performances of many players throughout the season .
“ The competitiveness of Super League and NRL and knowing the goal of playing for your country in a World Cup has made many raise their game and become better athletes .
“ The England programme has been very active leading into this tournament and having the squad meet up on regular occasions – on and off the field – has put us in a positive place before everyone gets into camp .
“ We had to put the disappointment of the Four Nations behind us quickly and the meetings that followed that tournament set out what was required to be successful in the World Cup . Everyone has fully bought into this and we ca n't wait to get started . ”
On the World Cup , Bennett , added : “ This is shaping up to be a very competitive tournament . Squads are being confirmed now and it 's clear to see the spread of talent will add to some exciting games .
“ The organisers have been doing a fantastic job in generating excitement in Australia , New Zealand and Papua New Guinea .
“ There 's some travel involved but we 're looking forward to spending time in Melbourne , Sydney and Perth during the group stage . ”
England Rugby League World Cup 24-man squad ( number of caps , professional and community club in brackets ) :
John Bateman ( 6 , Wigan Warriors , Bradford Dudley Hill )
Kevin Brown ( 6 , Warrington Wolves , Thatto Heath Crusaders )
Sam Burgess ( 18 , South Sydney Rabbitohs , Dewsbury Moor )
Thomas Burgess ( 14 , South Sydney Rabbitohs , Dewsbury Moor )
Ben Currie ( 0 , Warrington Wolves , Golborne Parkside )
Luke Gale ( 4 , Castleford Tigers , Middleton Marauders )
James Graham ( 33 , St George Illawarra Dragons , Blackbrook )
Ryan Hall ( 32 , Leeds Rhinos , Oulton Raiders )
Chris Heighington ( 5 , Cronulla Sharks , Umina Bunnies )
Chris Hill ( 19 , Warrington Wolves , New Springs Lions )
Josh Hodgson ( 11 , Canberra Raiders , East Hull )
Jonny Lomax ( 4 , St Helens , Orrell St James )
Jermaine McGillvary ( 6 , Huddersfield Giants , Deighton Juniors )
Mike McMeeken ( 1 , Castleford Tigers , Staines Titans )
Sean O'Loughlin ( 18 , Wigan Warriors , Wigan St Patricks )
Mark Percival ( 3 , St Helens , Halton Farnworth Hornets )
Stefan Ratchford ( 2 , Warrington Wolves , Wigan St Patricks )
James Roby ( 26 , St Helens , Blackbrook )
Scott Taylor ( 2 , Hull FC , Skirlaugh )
Alex Walmsley ( 0 , St Helens , Dewsbury Celtic )
Kallum Watkins ( 20 , Leeds Rhinos , Latchford Albion )
Elliott Whitehead ( 10 , Canberra Raiders , West Bowling )
Gareth Widdop ( 21 , St George Illawarra Dragons , King Cross )
George Williams ( 5 , Wigan Warriors , Wigan St Patricks )
England 's World Cup schedule is as follows :
Friday , October 20 : Pre-tournament – England v Affiliated States ( nib Stadium , Perth )
Friday , October 27 : Opening game of RLWC – England v Australia ( AAMI Park , Melbourne )
Saturday , November 4 : England v Lebanon ( Allianz Stadium , Sydney )
Sunday , November 12 : England v France ( nib Stadium , Perth )
All of England 's Rugby League World Cup matches will be broadcast live on the BBC .
You may have heard of the DA-Notice . This is a formal request , from the government of the day to the editors of newspapers such as this , to kill a story on the grounds of national security . The DA-Notice system is voluntary , and it works because it is not deployed as a method of censorship . Tiny numbers of DA-Notices are issued . Tiny numbers of stories are killed . But , in our internet age , in which communication is supposed to be easier , and freer , than ever before , that is changing , and not for the better . Welcome to the world of the G-notice .
These G-notices , as I think we should call them , are “ notices of removal ” from the search engine Google . Delivered by an apologetic Google employee rather than a stern man from the Ministry of Defence , and dropped into an email inbox rather than pressed into one 's palm , they bear the message that something that a newspaper – or indeed any publisher – has posted on the internet , will no longer show up in Google search results .
Given that Google is the way in which millions – billions – of people find their information today , the simple fact is that if stories are not listed there , then they might as well not exist .
The Telegraph has received a flurry of G-notices – four this week alone . Among the latest were two concerning stories published in 2001 , about the arrest of three men following the discovery of explosives at an apartment in Dublin . These are hardly trivial matters , yet internet users in Europe , notably in Britain and Ireland , will no longer find the stories when they turn to the globe 's principal search engine – Google .
And we are not the only ones . The Guardian has seen six of its articles so removed , having been informed that stories about French office workers making post-it art ; a solicitor facing a fraud trial ; and a less-than-honest football referee have been expunged from the Google record . The BBC , meanwhile , has been told that a blog post by Robert Peston on the careless investments made by Stan O'Neal of Merrill Lynch , published seven years ago , will no longer be visible to anyone searching for information on Mr O'Neal .
Who , or what , is to blame for this unsettling state of affairs ? The answer is the European Court of Justice ( ECJ ) , which in May decided that people have a “ right to be forgotten ” after a Spaniard complained that his embarrassing financial failures were still showing up on Google , despite having occurred in the late Nineties . As a result , Europe 's legal overlords decided that people have a right to demand that Google remove links to “ inadequate , irrelevant or no longer relevant ” information .
Since then , the G-notices have been arriving – and with a chilling regularity that would make the men with the DA-Notices blanch . The language of the order may be banal , but they effectively amount to Orwellian declarations that certain stories have been scrubbed from the closest thing that the fractured 21st century has to a public realm .
“ Notice of removal from Google Search ” , the G-notices start , continuing : “ We regret to inform you that we are no longer able to show the following pages from your website in response to certain searches on European versions of Google… ”
In just three months , more than 70,000 people have pleaded with Google to remove links to old articles about them . Most want it to block links to stories about crimes they have committed , or were suspected of committing . Google says nearly a third of the requests for link-removal relate to old fraud cases , one fifth are about more serious crimes , and 12 per cent pertain to child-porn arrests .
The French , it seems , have the most to hide , with 17,500 individuals requesting the removal of 58,000 web pages from Google . Germany comes a close second , with 16,500 requests . We Britons have made 12,000 requests .
On one level , the right to be forgotten could be viewed as laughably unworkable . Since the ECJ 's writ does n't spread beyond Europe , Google must only remove links to old , odd , embarrassing stories on its European websites . So a simple switch from Google 's British site ( google.co.uk ) to its American counterpart ( google.com ) and you can search to your heart 's content for the low-down on Stan O'Neal or those men arrested in Dublin .
But the fact that we can , if we want , get around the powerfully censorious demands of the ECJ and our Continent 's most embarrassed citizens should not blind us to the scary precedent being set by the “ right to be forgotten ” .
For while it is being justified as part of the human right to a private life , in truth it 's more like something out of Nineteen Eighty-Four . It elevates an individual 's right to be forgotten over the public 's right to know , and in the process positively incites people and lawyers and courts to rewrite history .
The problem here is n't Google . The internet giant itself is n't at all happy about having to respond to the demands of tens of thousands of red-faced folk who find shocking material when they plug their own names into its search engine .
No , the problem , as it so often is these days , is with the illiberal , intolerant authorities in Europe , with the courts who espied in the case of one Spanish man an opportunity to outsource censorship to the citizenry . In fact , not content with having made real Orwell 's flight of fancy about news reports being rewritten to suit authoritarian tempers , European authorities are heaping pressure on Google to do even more to empower the embarrassed .
For Europe 's data protection agencies are now calling on Google to enforce the right to be forgotten not just in Europe but across the globe , meaning a one-time fraudster in Paris could even prevent the good people of Buenos Aries or Beijing from accessing media reports about his past . They also want Google to stop sending apologetic notices – the G-notices – to websites whose stories it is expunging . Why ? Because this kicks up a stink , it causes a commotion , it generates public debate about who has been asking to be forgotten , and why .
In short , Euro-officials want to be able to enforce the scrubbing of the world 's largest roster of information , and keep us all in the dark about having done so – a double-whammy of spiteful authoritarianism .
Backers of the “ right to be forgotten ” claim that an individual 's right not to have his past problems permanently available via Google should outweigh the right of the rest of us to know about those past problems . That is , his right to privacy is more important than our right to pore over his life .
This is wrong . This is n't a privacy issue at all . I fully support the right of all of us to keep certain things about ourselves private . But once information has been made public , once it has been legitimately reported on , logged , photographed and published as part of the flow of news and debate , then it becomes a matter of public record . It becomes a part of history , as much the property of the people as of the individual who did or said or suffered the thing in question . To scrub such material from public view is not to defend privacy – it 's to refashion the past itself , to allow self-interested individuals or lobby groups even to reshape memory .
In Nineteen Eighty-Four , the Party 's minions would “ lift the flap of the nearest memory hole ” and drop in information that powerful people wanted to have forgotten . There it would burn in “ enormous furnaces ” . We have n't built any furnaces yet , but we have set in motion a censorious , history-rewriting dynamic across Europe . It must stop .
It seems that every few years somebody announces science fiction is dead . In 2007 it was the turn of Ridley Scott , who then went on to make The Martian , so perhaps these claims should always be taken with a pinch of salt , particularly when we look back over the history of SF writing over the years and find that it is a genre that is as much defined by current events than by any singular vision of the future .
For that reason , British science fiction in the 1950s was incredible stuff . Anxiety over the powers scientists had unleashed after the dropping the atomic bomb at the end of World War II obsessed many novelists , but so did a sense of despondency at poverty and suffering within a community that was still living with rationing until 1954 . How could novelists make sense of those strange times ? Writers such as Arthur C Clarke turned their eyes to the far future , while others such as John Wyndham explored contemporary society . But , in either case , the fear of 'What if ? ' was electric within those books. , and are well worth reading now - not only for an insight into the 1950s , but for how they continue to reflect on life now .
Here 's a look at eight of the best of them .
Equator ( US Title : Vanguard From Alpha ) by Brian Aldiss
Aliens . If they arrived on Earth , how would we interact with them , and could we overcome that barrier of otherness ? In Equator , one of Aldiss ' earliest books , otherness really is n't a problem . Instead the arrival of the Rosks from some far-off humid planet leads to an awful lot of negotiation , and the realisation that the aliens are just as slippery , divided and devious as humanity .
The Rosks negotiate land around the equator on Earth , and then even a space for themselves on the moon ; they claim to be a race of refugees , but there may be terrorists within their midst . Government spy Tyne , undertaking an espionage mission , makes a discovery that seems to threaten the stability of the Rosk/Earth pacts , but can he get the information into the right hands ? Whose hands are the right hands , anyway ?
If all that sounds like it addresses the kind of problems that face the world right now , I would n't disagree with you . Having said that , it 's all wrapped up in a quick , action-filled spy thriller that includes inscrutable baddies and femme fatales . If you wanted to read a James Bond SF novel with some deep thinking material to boot , this is the book for you .
The Day Of The Triffids by John Wyndham
Triffids have become one of those cultural icons that we all know whether we 've seen one of the many film , radio and TV versions , read the book , or not . John Wyndham was a brilliant writer at putting his finger on disturbing ideas and images , from scary children to sea monsters , and to be honest any of his books could have gone on this list . But if you have n't read anything of his , maybe start with the triffids . It 's so much more complex and frightening than it sounds .
A meteor shower blinds everyone who looks at it , but through sheer chance our hero Bill Masen retains his sight . As society crumbles he sees terrible things , not least of which is the escape of triffids ( a carnivorous plant that is being grown in large numbers to provide fuel ) into the wild . Blind humans are easy pickings , for both triffids and unscrupulous people who use the situation to gain control . Masen must try to find a place for himself that is safe from both threats .
Wasp by Eric Frank Russell
Terry Pratchett loved it and Neil Gaiman optioned it and tried to write a movie script from it ; Wasp is a book written in 1958 that still sounds like a subversive idea today . It 's a comedy about terrorism . We follow the adventures of James Mowry , a man who has been trained by the government of Earth to infiltrate and undermine the government on another planet . For we are at war with the big-eared , purple-faced Sirians , and it turns out one terrorist in the right place can be an extreme problem , just like a wasp at a picnic .
It 's a straight line of an adventure through a series of steps that Mowry has been given to disrupt the Sirian government . The bureaucratic system there has paperwork and heavy-handed policing and general day to days moans from the populace that can easily , with a bit of misinformation , turn into rebellious mutterings . Sirians are an awful lot like humans , and the ease of manipulation is very funny and really , really uncomfortable .
The Death Of Grass ( US title : No Blade of Grass ) by John Christopher
The thin thread that separates civilization from brutality crops up in a lot of science fiction of the fifties . The post-apocalyptic vision rests on the moment in which things can not be saved , and old standards of decency must either be consciously protected or thrown aside . Which side of the divide would you stand on ? Such questions were addressed in the new knowledge of how terrible humanity could be to each other after WWII , and are still being addressed today - perhaps there is no answer that does not trouble us .
A mutated virus infects rice , wheat and barley crops , and a family makes their way across an England that is falling apart in the hunt for food . They are attempting to reach a safe place , but others want to find it too , and the question remains - who really deserves to find and keep that safe place for themselves ?
The Black Cloud by Fred Hoyle
Astronomer Fred Hoyle is best known for coining the phrase 'The Big Bang Theory ' which he used dismissively ; his own Steady State theory posited a different start to the universe . He was n't afraid to hold controversial theories , or to speak out about them . He also put that ability to good use as a novelist , and The Black Cloud is a very interesting read for that reason . It 's not interested in obeying the usual rules of novels ; Hoyle sets up the idea that a huge black cloud is discovered via telescope , making its way directly for Earth , and then he plunges into a mathematical exploration of that cloud that makes you marvel at the skills and abilities of such scientists .
You wo n't get much emotion in the writing , and at times the fate of huge amounts of people gets little more than a few lines . But the characters are vital and interesting , the premise fascinating , and there 's something enjoyable about the diagrams and equations that you can find on the pages . It 's a unique perspective on science fiction .
The Tide Went Out by Charles Eric Maine
There are quite a few novels of `` cosy catastrophe '' ( as named by Brian Aldiss ) on this list , and often the question that lies at the heart of them is - will we be decent people if the glue of society 's rules unsticks ? Considering it was written in 1958 Maine 's novel is brutal and uncompromising ; nobody good is going to survive this apocalypse . That 's not the way it works , deep down , when the truth is its every man for themselves .
The Tide Went Out requires a bit of suspension of disbelief when the apocalypse comes and the oceans around the world begin to disappear due to a nuclear accident , and I think that 's because the science in the weak point in this science fiction . But the strength of it is in the difference between what people think and what they do , particularly in the case of a hero who wants to have an easy life , and wants to justify it to himself in all sorts of ways . That juxtaposition of personal selfishness with a society that is falling apart is powerful stuff , although far from heartwarming .
On the Beach by Nevil Shute
There 's not a ray of light to be found in On The Beach . A nuclear exchange has created a deadly radioactive cloud that has already killed off most of the planet before the book even begins ; the last human settlements are in Australia and they , too , will be dead within months . They know it , and yet they go on doing their jobs and raising their children . There is a choice - a suicide pill provided by the vestiges of the government . Some people take it , and some do n't . Why they make that choice , and what makes us battle on even if the face of total hopelessness , permeates the novel .
There 's a moment in On The Beach where the two main female characters quietly discuss , late at night , what will happen to the baby when the cloud arrives . How can they make sure it dies painlessly ? Perhaps that 's why this , of all the 1950s apocalypse novels , is my favourite - because it shows dignity despite hopelessness , and love without agenda .
Childhood 's End by Arthur C Clarke
At the cusp of humanity inventing viable space travel , aliens arrive and assume mastery over us all . We do n't see them , and it is impossible to effectively rebel against such advanced creatures . Life on Earth begins to change in ways that could not be imagined . Clarke does n't stick with one character but examines lots of different lives , including the alien ones , as a terrible future moves ever closer .
Reading Childhood 's End is a bit like looking down the wrong end of the telescope . Humanity seems quite big and impressive in the opening pages , and then gets smaller and smaller until we 're just a speck in a universe that is more complex and yet more ordered - now Clarke shows us the larger picture - than we had ever imagined . By the final pages all concerns of the space race , rocketry , and technology are gone and instead there 's one of the strangest , most difficult to accept endings in SF literature . Nobody wrote about facing the unimaginable quite like Clarke , and this is one of his best .
AMONG THE astonishing and often forgotten facts about the United States is that our nation of 300 million — one-twentieth of the world 's population — keeps almost a quarter of the globe 's prisoners . Lots of Americans are in prison , and not all of them have to be there . On Monday , Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. announced a series of reforms to change that . But there 's only so much Mr. Holder can — or should — do alone .
“ We need to ensure that incarceration is used to punish , deter and rehabilitate , ” Mr. Holder said , “ not merely to warehouse and forget. ” That 's the right public-policy goal . So , the attorney general said , the Justice Department will seek to expand the compassionate release of prisoners who are elderly , sick or otherwise low-risk and deserving of special consideration . Its attorneys will take greater advantage of alternatives to incarceration , such as drug treatment , community service programs and other paths that might cost less than locking someone up and produce more socially desirable results . And the Justice Department will investigate disparate treatment of white and minority defendants , still a shameful fact of the country 's criminal justice system .
Those are all steps worthy of support . The proposal getting the most attention , though , is Mr. Holder 's decision to change the way the Justice Department 's prosecutors handle “ certain low-level , non-violent drug offenders who have no ties to large-scale organizations , gangs or cartels. ” Instead of charging these defendants with offenses that by law carry stiff mandatory minimum sentences , Justice 's charging policies will instruct prosecutors to write their indictments in a way that does n't lock in severe prison terms , leading to punishments that are more appropriate . Prosecutors , for example , might leave out the amount of an illicit substance found on a defendant , instead offering that detail later in the process , when its introduction would n't trigger a mandatory sentence .
This sounds uncomfortably like adjusting the crime to fit the punishment . Douglas Berman , a law professor at Ohio State University , argues that many federal prosecutors are already exercising this sort of discretion ; Mr. Holder is mostly imposing consistency across the system , with an eye toward sensibly reducing the number of prisoners .
But Congress established mandatory minimums , and it is the ultimate responsibility of lawmakers to reform sentencing policy and make clear how much flexibility they want built into the system . The attorney general mentioned that a couple of bipartisan bills would give judges more discretion in sentencing , and advocates say that there does n't seem to be much opposition to reform . Mr. Holder 's efforts should be viewed as a way station until Congress acts , as well as a nudge to lawmakers . Passing legislation , not simply altering rules within the Justice Department , is the best and most enduring way to change the system .
A Soitec multi-junction solar cell for use in concentrator photovoltaic ( CPV ) systems has become the company 's latest cell to reach a world record for conversion efficiency at 46 % , according to Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy ( Fraunhofer ISE ) .
The Germany-headquartered research institute once again collaborated with Soitec on the new cell , along with CEA-Leti , a division of the French research and technology organisation . The three parties were also involved in the most recent record-breaking CPV cell last year .
The efficiency of the new cell has been independently verified under standard test conditions by the Japanese National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology ( AIST ) . The multi-junction cell 's efficiency was measured at a concentration of 508 suns under a Fresnel concentrator lens . So-called multi-junction cells , based on III-V semiconductor compound materials , allow the materials at each junction to respond to different wavelengths of light .
The latest cell has four junctions , with each sub-cell converting photons with a wavelength of between 300 nm and 1750 nm into electricity . Each of the sub-cells converts a quarter of incoming photons , which Fraunhofer ISE says was a “ special challenge ” to achieve precisely . According to Fraunhofer ISE , this was done by “ precise tuning of the composition and thickness of each layer inside the cell structure ” .
This week 's announcement comes just over a year since the last big efficiency gain for Soitec cells – when another III-V-based solar cell converted 44.7 % of light under a high concentration of simulated sunlight . That too came from the cooperative relationship between Soitec , CEA-Leti and Fraunhofer , with the additional involvement of another German research organisation , Helmholtz Center Berlin .
More recently , in July this year , a CPV solar module made using the 44.7 % Soitec multi-junction cell in combination with a Fraunhofer-developed Fresnel lens reached a conversion efficiency of 36.7 % . Back in March this year , research firm IHS said in a report that it expects the competitive landscape for CPV to “ liven up ” over the next five years .
Speaking of the latest world record , Fraunhofer 's project leader for cell development , Dr Frank Dimroth , said he was pleased the 46 % figure had been verified by AIST and talked up the potential for CPV , in territories where it fitted .
“ We are extremely pleased to hear that our result of 46 % efficiency has now been independently confirmed by AIST in Japan , ” Dimroth said .
“ CPV is the most efficient solar technology today and suitable for all countries with high direct normal irradiance . ”
Soitec struck a deal in October to supply 150MW of CPV modules to a project in California , while in the same month a 20.5MW concentrator PV plant in China , also using Soitec technology , reached its second phase .
The spiral silhouette of Sonik Module 's Sity project traces the river valley in Shanghai , reflexing the heavily contrasting roof levels in the area . It undulates by lowering itself to the ground and then rising to achieve and then exceed the maximum height of the surrounding buildings . The spiral shape encompasses and frames space , offering unique sights of the horizon from different angles .
The project concentrates on transport communication by air , as well as land , water , underground and terrestrial means . The Sity offers opportunities for walking and cycling in park surroundings , including specifically designated places , free of traffic , that are reestablished on a large scale . The terrestrial surface of the area is available for the development of unlimited green vegetation and microclimate . Parks , are provided and aimed at counterpoising the strenuous everyday life , providing tranquility and peace .
Elevations , floor plans and verticality are intertwined and rearticulated to establish new relations and perceptions , at the same time evoking the traditional aspects of Chinese culture .
The project embodies a steady conceptual platform , resistant to all natural phenomena such as earthquake stability , maximum sunlight exposure , natural ventilation , water refrigeration and air conditioning , power production , clearing installations and perhaps all future technologies , which will be seen for the first time in Shanghai .
Army , military – these are among the first things that come to mind when one hears the words “ North Korea. ” Many have seen North Korean military parades or drills on TV . But how do soldiers of the Korean People 's Army live when parades are over ?
There are very few articles dedicated to answering these questions . First , the army is rarely studied from a sociologist 's point of view . Usually books about military are dedicated either to a war it has fought in or to the military equipment an army has , not to the life of its soldiers .
Second , North Koreans classify almost all military-related information . To my knowledge , the DPRK has not published a single source since the mid-1980s containing even basic information such as a list of military ranks in the KPA .
Therefore , studying the North Korean army is not an easy task . In this article I would like to tell of some things I have learned about it .
FOLLOWING THE SOVIET UNION – TO THE LETTER
The Korean People 's Army was created on February 8 , 1948 in the Soviet occupation zone of Korea . The Soviet military authorities created it in their own image : the KPA 's uniform , rank insignia , internal instructions etc . were copied form the USSR . It was quite a natural decision , since the members of the socialist bloc were supposed to follow the Soviet model and an independent Korean army had not existed since 1907 , thus the local traditions were virtually non-existent .
… the North Korean army did not have any military ranks up to 1952
Therefore the KPA was to follow in the footsteps of the Red Army . One of the most vivid manifestations of this was that the North Korean army did not have any military ranks up to 1952 . Instead , the insignia reflected the soldier 's position : battalion commander , chief of general staff etc . The ranks were introduced only on December 31 , 1952 , at the end of the Korean War . It is quite interesting that the idea that an army could not have ranks was incomprehensible to the vast majority of contemporary scholars , so you can see a North Korean soldier from late 1940s called “ sergeant ” or “ lieutenant ” in contemporary English literature . This is , however , historically inaccurate .
Moreover , for the first decade or so , the internal regulations of the KPA were literally translated from Russian . The translation was done by Soviet Koreans who were bilingual but never received any education about how a translation should be done . Thus they often translated Russian text word-by-word and the end result looked quite funny . For example , according to the 1955 regulations , a commander welcoming his unit was supposed to say : “ Are you healthy , comrades ? ” And the response was “ We wish you health , comrade commander ! ” These who know that the Russian standard greeting Zdravstvujte ! literally means “ I wish you health ” would get the joke .
Another example : The KPA regulations used to have detailed instructions regarding rights and responsibilities of army and front commanders . The funny part is that the KPA never had neither armies nor fronts , as the largest military unit in the North Korean Army was always a corps . But these did exist in the Soviet Army and the interpreter once again translated literally what was written .
Of course , when the DPRK became politically independent from the USSR , many of these remnants of Soviet influence were gone , replaced by local peculiarities . After the DPRK established the “ monolithic ideological system ” ( yuil sasang chaegae , literally “ the only thought system ” ) , the personality cult became far more intensive and pervasive than it used to be . Before that a soldier awarded a medal was supposed to answer “ serving the Motherland ! ” From the 1970s the prescribed answer was “ Serving the Great Leader and the respected comrade Dear Leader ” and from 1990s “ Serving the Beloved and respected Supreme Commander . ”
As time went by , North Koreans came to serve longer , until , in the early 1990s it was officially announced that they would be conscripted for 10 years . The Cold War was over and North Korea was alone , without allies , and the state tried to compensate for the lack of military balance with the South . However , that was not the only cause : The soldiers were often used as a cheap workforce . This is recognized officially and many North Korean songs and movies are dedicated to soldiers helping farmers or other civilians .
Why would one want to serve in such a place ?
The main cause is that a military man can join the party with relative ease – which is a much harder task for a civilian . Under Kim Il Sung , the army was probably the only social lift in the country . Sometimes people even bribed the mobilization committee so they would be sent to the army even if they do n't qualify for medical reasons .
SERVING THE LEADER
When a North Korean studies in high school he ( or , recently , she ) is summoned to the regional military mobilization department , where he/she must pass a heath check . Under Kim Il Sung young men shorter than 150 cm , thinner than 48 kg or with acuity of vision less than 0.8 ( 1 stands for perfect ) were not conscripted . Later these norms were amended – a conscript should have height of greathe than 148 cm , weigh more than 43kg and have acuity of vision not less than 0.4 . In 2008 these norms were abolished completely . Of course , an invalid or a person suffering from a chronic disease still wo n't be conscripted .
Apart from this , university students , young criminals who served in prisons or camps , people with a very bad songbun ( social status ) and those few residents of the DPRK who do not have North Korean citizenship are not conscripted as well . Of course , the DPRK does not have any alternative service .
Girls were not conscripted until very recently , but many joined as volunteers to have an opportunity to join the party . Those who wished to serve have to tell this to their form-master , who submitted the list to the principal . The principal , in turn , sends it to the military mobilization department . However , things are now different : From 2015 the DPRK started to conscript women as well .
When a North Korean turns 17 , he is summoned to the military mobilization department once again where he is told where he will serve . Unlike most countries , potential conscripts are not asked whether they wish to serve in ground force , navy , air force etc . which may easily cause a young man who loved sea and ships from his childhood to be sent to serve as an artillerist . Fortunately the department can be bribed , so this is solvable .
For two months or so the new conscript is trained at a special camp with the conditions there being better than in a normal unit . After this , a normal service begins .
The life of a North Korean soldier does not , of course , solely consist of working in a field or on a construction site , but also of training and military exercises – like it should be . The soldiers also get ideological education about the immense greatness of the Beloved Supreme Commander .
Moreover , since they spend 10 years in the army , the soldiers also get some general education . In one of the issues of the military journal Kunin saenghwal ( “ Life in the army ” ) one can find not only stories about Kim Jong Il and anti-tank rocket launcher model RPG-7 , but also the explanation about what a Guinness Book of Records is and a translation of a part of a Soviet short story “ A few days , ” written by Alexander Bek .
Those who served in the North Korean army often complained that the state of discipline there is not very good . Under Kim Il Sung soldiers many have sometimes beat an officer – and his superiors would cover the crime in order not to be punished as well . Surely , violence towards one 's subordinates was more frequent .
Once Kim Jong Il took power , he tried to introduce at least some discipline to the military : The internal propaganda started to emphasize the importance of mutual understanding between officers and soldiers and that violence is unacceptable . This seemingly had some effect and the discipline is now better but is still far from the ideal . The girls are especially vulnerable : A commander can demand that a female soldier would sleep with him , threatening that otherwise she wo n't join the party . The latter would mean that the girl had wasted several years of her life – and it is not easy for her to protect herself .
In late 1990s the situation was critical . There were many cases when the soldiers who were not fed simply robbed the civilians . Their commanders covered up their crimes , and it was hard for policemen to get their hands on a criminal wearing a uniform . Fortunately , when the situation improved in the 2000s , such cases became far rarer .
Usually soldiers are never permitted to visit their homes for all 10 years of service . An exception is granted sometimes , but even a parent 's death may not be enough . I personally know a former KPA major who had a commissar deny his request to go to his father 's funeral : “ The service is above all , ” he said .
Usually twice a year soldiers are subjected to labor mobilizations . This may be some grand construction project or simply work in the fields of a collective farm . Some soldiers are annoyed that they – the supposed defenders of the Motherland – are used as laborers , but for the others this is viewed as a nice change of activities .
When the 10 years are nearing completion , the soldier usually rises in rank up to Senior Sergeant , which is usually equal to a position of a platoon second in command . By that time , he or she is usually admitted to the party . A candidate would need two recommendations for that – just like in the USSR , but the final decision is made by a political officer . Surely , the officer may allow someone to join the WPK earlier and to deny some applications as well .
After the service term is – finally – over most soldiers return home , but some choose to enter an academy . This a very important trait of the North Korean army : With the rarest exceptions all KPA officers used to be privates once . The applications for an academy are submitted to the division 's personnel department and , of course , not all of them are approved .
The department reviews the candidate 's songbun , service record , knowledge of state ideology and training results . Thus we may say with virtual certainty that every single officer in the KPA is a party member .
A personal commendation of the Leader is , of course , a colossal career bonus . Kims often visit various military units . If , for example , the Great Marshal would at some moment point at some soldier and say “ this comrade is doing well , ” one may be sure that this comrade would someday become an officer – and not less than a major .
Kim Jong Il strictly forbid all junior soldiers from having a relationship
After a cadet graduates from the academy and reaches a position of a company commander ( usually this corresponds with a rank of senior lieutenant ) , he earns the right to get married , and once it is done – the right not to live in the barracks . For all junior soldiers having a relationship is strictly forbidden by Kim Jong Il .
A rank of colonel is an unofficial career top for a vast majority of the KPA officers – just like it is in most armies . If one does not have powerful relatives or special merit , it is very hard to advance further . Those who still manage get their promotion to a general by a personal order of the Leader . Usually it is done at the eve of some national holiday – like Kim Il Sung of Kim Jong Il 's birthday .
The highest rank a mere mortal might hope to achieve is the one of vice-marshal , which is conferred on a formal meeting of the WPK 's Central military commission : the party rules both the state and the army in the DPRK without any pretense . Only less than 30 men achieved this rank in the entire North Korean history .
Finally , the higher rank if Marshal of the KPA was conferred only on former members of the Kim Il Sung 's partisan unit and two highest ranks – Marshal of the DPRK and Generalissimo – are conferred only to the members of the ruling dynasty .
IS IT REALLY AN ARMY ?
All in all , the North Korean army is not just a military organization
First , it has many civilian tasks , since , as I said , the soldiers are used as a labor force to compensate for the ineffective North Korean economy .
Second , some specific traits of the North Korean political system hinder its proper development . Instead of training , reading military literature etc . soldiers have to spend lots of time to memorize just another set of “ brilliant instructions ” of a Kim in charge . And the fact that a soldier 's career is linked to his ancestry is the cause of that for a loyal citizen who was unlucky to born with a bad songbun it would be very hard to become an officer . But , however , this is even more true for the North Korean civilians .
Third , we should remember that the long term of service solves one more problem for the DPRK 's authorities . The young people are usually the most active part of the society . And by sending them to the barracks , the government tears them off their families and friends and has no problems with indoctrinating them with the state ideology . Thus , the probability of them being involved in any unwanted activity is minimal .
It might be that this is one of causes why Kim Jong-un instituted the female conscription recently . As these are mostly women who trade in North Korean markets , they role in the society grows , but by sending the young ladies to the army , the government may succeed in neutralizing them .
So the North Korean army serves to solve to only military , but also social and political tasks . This , surely , does not have a good effect on its fighting efficiency .
Wrong drug used for January execution , state records show
Thursday , October 8 , 2015 | By Nolan Clay and Rick M. Green Staff Writers
Thursday , October 8 , 2015 | By Nolan Clay and Rick M. Green Staff Writers
© Copyright 2015 , The Oklahoman
The wrong deadly drug was used to execute baby killer Charles Frederick Warner in January , records show .
Oklahoma Corrections Department officials used bottles labeled potassium acetate for the final drug during the lethal injection Jan. 15 — in violation of protocol , the records show . Officials were supposed to use potassium chloride to stop Warner 's heart .
The same wrong drug was delivered to corrections officials Sept. 30 for the scheduled lethal injection that day of another convicted murderer , Richard Glossip .
Oklahoma 's governor , Mary Fallin , granted a last-minute stay after learning of the mix-up .
Attorney General Scott Pruitt then launched an investigation into the circumstances surrounding Glossip 's execution . On Wednesday , he confirmed the investigation will cover any previous drug mistake .
“ I want to assure the public that our investigation will be full , fair and complete and includes not only actions on Sept. 30 , but any and all actions prior , relevant to the use of potassium acetate and potassium chloride , ” Pruitt said .
The revelation of yet another issue in an Oklahoma execution could impact the future of the death penalty in the state . Oklahoma officials already have faced increased court scrutiny — and international ridicule — because of problems in previous
executions .
Corrections Department Director Robert Patton declined on Wednesday to discuss Warner 's execution .
“ As you are aware , the attorney general has opened an investigation . Out of respect for that investigation , we will not be commenting at this time , ” he said in an email .
Fallin said Wednesday night she fully supports an inquiry into Warner 's execution , too .
“ It is imperative that the attorney general obtain the information he needs to make sure justice is served competently and fairly , ” she said in an email . “ Until we have complete confidence in the system , we will delay any further executions . ”
She said she and the attorney general delayed Glossip 's execution Sept. 30 as a precaution even though the doctor working with corrections officials and the pharmacist agreed potassium chloride and potassium acetate are medically interchangeable .
“ The active ingredient is potassium , which , when injected in large quantities , stops the heart , ” the governor said .
She said “ it became apparent ” during the discussions Sept. 30 about a delay that the Corrections Department may have used potassium acetate in Warner 's execution . “ I was not aware nor was anyone in my office aware of that possibility until the day of Richard Glossip 's scheduled execution , ” she said .
Fallin on Tuesday said she has hired an outside attorney “ to look at the whole process ” and advise her .
Potassium chloride has long been the last of three drugs used for lethal injections in Oklahoma . The Corrections Department protocol requires the potassium chloride to be split into two syringes .
Under the protocol , the total dose of potassium chloride to be used in a lethal injection is “ 240 milliequivalents . ”
The drug vials and syringes used in Warner 's execution were submitted to the Office of Chief Medical Examiner after his death . Two of the syringes were labeled with white tape “ 120 mEq Potassium Chloride , ” his autopsy report shows .
However , the 12 empty vials used to fill the syringes are labeled “ 20mL single dose Potassium Acetate Injection , USP 40 mEq\2mEq\mL , ” the autopsy report shows .
Warner , 47 , is the last murderer to be executed at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester . He raped and murdered an 11-month-old girl in Oklahoma City in 1997 .
He was put to death almost nine months after mistakes were made in the execution of murderer Clayton Lockett .
BT has conducted field trials that show it can deliver broadband download speeds of nearly 800Mbps using fiber and copper , a company announcement said yesterday .
The technology delivers data over fiber from the British telecom 's facilities to neighborhoods while using copper for the final meters . Deployments of this sort are less expensive than fiber-to-the-home because they reuse existing copper lines used for telephone service and DSL .
`` Previously it was thought such speeds would require a dedicated business line or a fibre optic cable to be laid all the way from a telephone exchange to a premise , a relatively expensive , disruptive and time-consuming process , '' BT said .
The field trials relied on G.fast , a new data transmission standard .
Speeds over copper degrade over distance , but BT said it was able to achieve 786Mbps download speeds over 19 meters and 696Mbps download speeds over 66 meters . Fiber and copper deployments can end up sending data over copper for much longer distances , further lowering speed , but BT said that 66 meters and below `` encompasses around 80 percent of such connections . '' It 's not clear whether the 80 percent figure refers to BT 's existing network , the field trial area , or future deployment plans . We 've asked the company to clarify .
BT said it `` currently passes more than 20 million UK premises using a mix of Fibre to the Premises ( FTTP ) and Fibre to the Cabinet technology ( FTTC ) . '' G.fast requires Fiber To The Distribution Point ( FTTdp ) , which brings fiber closer to homes than FTTC , BT said . This brings fiber to telephone poles or junction boxes , with copper carrying data the rest of the way .
BT 's trials suggest that G.fast technology may not be far from real-world deployment . In the US , AT & T has extensively deployed fiber-to-the-node service that places fiber about 600 to 900 meters away from homes and tops out at 45Mbps . For faster speeds , AT & T is beginning deployments of fiber-to-the-home in limited areas . If G.fast proves promising , AT & T could bring fiber-like speeds to a greater number of customers at lower cost .
The 19 meter test that pushed 786Mbps downstream also achieved upstream speeds of 231Mbps for total bandwidth of more than a gigabit per second . For 66 meters of copper , it was 696Mbps downstream and 200Mbps upstream . BT said it can `` tailor the allocation of the total 1Gbps speed according to a user ' needs , '' suggesting that a user could get greater upload speeds in exchange for reduced download speed .
G.fast could end up paving the way for multi-gigabit speeds . Alcatel-Lucent 's Bell Labs in July said it sent 10Gbps over 30 meters of copper and 1Gbps over 70 meters using an extension of G.fast it calls XG-FAST .
COLUMBUS , Ohio – For Greg Vanney , Toronto FC 's comeback win Wednesday night was less of a chess match and more of a gut check .
Vanney 's men came back from a 0-1 deficit to beat Columbus Crew SC via two Tosaint Ricketts goals in the match 's final 10 minutes , stunning the home team .
Along the way , Vanney was constantly tinkering with his squad . He made a tactical first-half substitution in the 40th minute , sending on Ricketts to replace Chris Mavinga and shifting his team from a 3-6-1 diamond shape to something more akin to their usual 3-5-2 .
By the end of the match , Toronto seemed to have played several different formations , pushing striker Jozy Altidore wide right at times and adding wingback Raheem Edwards , who had assists on both Ricketts goals .
And while it was Vanney 's substitutions and changes that ultimately made the difference in the match , the Reds boss said he was simply proud of his team 's ability to grind out a fifth win in a row in a span of 20 days .
“ It was n't necessarily what I would call our comfort zone , which is why it took some grit and determination to get there in the end , ” he said . “ It was a game with a few different nuances for us , shape-wise , and we just kept working through it . ”
The changes allowed playmaker Victor Vazquez to find a more comfortable position , and that shift was crucial for Toronto . Vazquez picked up assists on both goals , and now has eight assists in eight starts to lead the league .
Ricketts said the Spanish midfielder “ controls the attack and momentum ” of the team , and Vanney credited Vazquez for fighting through “ the amount of defending we had to do ” and go a full 90 minutes .
But for Vanney , the biggest takeaway from this stretch has been his team 's depth . He called his squad the “ deepest team in the history of the league ” last weekend , and after using plenty of his bench against Columbus , Vanney again praised his large selection pool .
“ They 're good players , ” he said . “ It 's a challenge for me to pick who should be on the field each week and each game and to try to make sure that everybody feels like they have a part in it [ because ] they know they 're fully capable of playing .
“ So it puts a lot of pressure on the guys who are starting to do well , because they know those guys are behind . The competition is great for our group . It 's what got us to where we got to at the end of last year and hopefully it 's what 's going to make us great this year . ”
That depth may be a bit less necessary when TFC host Minnesota United Saturday ( 3 pm ET | CTV in Canada , MLS LIVE in US ) . Superstar Sebastian Giovinco did n't travel with a slight heel injury , and the striker is expected back this weekend .
“ I think it 's very likely , ” Vanney said . “ He was close for this game , but it became a risk-reward for a longer-term [ injury ] . But I think he 'll be good by Saturday . ”
Ben Smith , a music writer who is currently working on a biography of the pop idol Prince , who died last year has claimed that he heard a sensational unreleased song from the music legend which claimed that Prince Charles of England had revealed himself to be a shapeshifting reptilian at the De Beers and Versace “ Diamonds Are Forever ” charity fashion event in 1999 .
Sensational unreleased song `` Royal Reptiles ''
The autobiographical song which was penned by Prince claims that the Price of Wales ‘ flashed his real self ' at Prince while greeting him on the red carpet at the star-studded event .
According to Smith , while some have argued that this previously unreleased song was supposed to be tongue-in-cheek , that was not the impression that the music journalist got . “ I 've listened to every minute of music Prince released , as well as thousands of hours of bootleg and unreleased tracks . I know when Prince is joking around or being sassy . But on that song ( Royal Reptiles ) you are hearing Prince railing against the powers that be . This is peeved , Prince . Angry Prince , ” he explained .
“ Royal welcome ? More like a mafia shakedown . How about I pardon you ? In your cold blooded dreams , ” Prince sings on the track , going on to say , “ Royals are reptiles , Charlie 's a reptile , Lizzie 's a reptile , they want to eat you and me. ” In the refrain , Prince says that he has a desire to ‘ split ' the royal family ‘ in two ' .
The song was recorded in 1999
The song , which is entitled ‘ Royal Reptiles ' was recorded during sessions for songs destined to appear on Princes ‘ Rave Un2 the Joy Fantastic ' album which was released in 1999 , but clearly a decision was made not to include the controversial track on the album . Smith says that he is not surprised by that decision . He said that not only is the style of the music very different to the kind of output Prince was working on at the time , but the nature of the song is so controversial that the pop star probably decided to hold it back from public release .
Abbie K , who describes herself as a Prince obsessive , has suggested that the pop star may have wanted to release the track at a later date as he was never afraid of speaking his mind , even on the most controversial of topics . “ He spoke about chemtrails live on national TV , back when nobody was daring to talk about chemtrails , ” said Abbie K , “ He exposed the Illuminati . He spoke truth to power . He was n't afraid of anything or anyone . ”
This is not the first time that allegations have surfaced about the Prince of Wales is a shapeshifting reptilian . It has been claimed that Princess Diana , the Price 's former wife , made similar claims to a close friend before her death in a car accident .
Prince Exposes Illuminati Depopulation Plans
MTV News reporter Ana Marie Cox said the FBI has it out for Hillary Clinton because it is largely white and male . `` Women and people of color will save this nation , '' Cox declared in an interview with MSNBC Friday morning .
`` You expect Russia to tamper with our elections I guess but do n't expect the FBI to , '' Cox said .
ANA MARIE COX , MTV NEWS : One reason why the FBI might be so pro-Trump because it looks like a Trump rally . It 's largely male , largely white . I do n't think that , you know , those are the people that Hillary -- that , that go for Trump in general . I think it 's an interesting question to ask if the FBI were a more diverse place , would [ Director James ] Comey have been facing this insurrection ? I do n't think so .
And I also think that if you point that kind of thing out , that the FBI is largely white and largely male and therefore kind of pro-Trump , that is Hillary 's argument in general . I mean , women and people of color are going to save this nation basically because we 're the ones that are immune to the call of this , you know , schizophrenic psychopath bigot .
I think that is , you know , this is par for the course in some ways . I mean it 's unprecedented . It 's the weaponization of transparency in a way . It 's one thing , it 's really disturbing . You expect Russia to tamper with our elections I guess but do n't expect the FBI to .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
The baffling story of US diplomats in Cuba suffering hearing loss and brain damage in some sort of covert “ health attack ” just gets stranger and more terrifying with every new report . The Associated Press has learned that victims ' recollections and symptoms are even more varied and serious than we previously knew .
Advertisement
The AP spoke with more than a dozen people from the US and Cuba who have been briefed on the investigation into exactly what 's happening to the diplomats that have been sent to Havana . The attacks allegedly began in late 2016 and Washington has spent this year trying to understand how these envoys could sustain permanent hearing damage , mild traumatic brain injury , and even possible damage to the central nervous system . The State Department has remained tight-lipped on details citing the ongoing investigation and privacy of the victims .
Previous reports claimed that US officials had concluded that “ an advanced sonic weapon that operated outside the range of audible sound ” had been used to target US diplomats and family members . They believed that the device was either deployed inside or outside the US embassy or the diplomats ' homes . But inspections of those locations by the FBI and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police have turned up nothing . And one incident reportedly occurred at the Hotel Capri in Havana .
According to the AP , the US government is uncertain about nearly every aspect of this case . It does n't know how the attacks happened , who is responsible , or why they did it . The officials who were not authorized to speak on the record said that “ at least some of the incidents were confined to specific rooms or even parts of rooms with laser-like specificity , baffling U.S. officials who say the facts and the physics do n't add up . ”
Advertisement
The most difficult part of the case is that the “ incidents ” tend to be different depending on the victim . From the report :
In several episodes recounted by U.S. officials , victims knew it was happening in real time , and there were strong indications of a sonic attack . Some felt vibrations , and heard sounds — loud ringing or a high-pitch chirping similar to crickets or cicadas . Others heard the grinding noise . Some victims awoke with ringing in their ears and fumbled for their alarm clocks , only to discover the ringing stopped when they moved away from their beds . The attacks seemed to come at night . Several victims reported they came in minute-long bursts .
Advertisement
But in other cases , the victims did n't hear or feel anything before their symptoms began . The list of afflictions has expanded to include “ brain swelling , dizziness , nausea , severe headaches , balance problems and tinnitus , or prolonged ringing in the ears. ” And on Tuesday , the State Department announced that two more Americans have been added to the list of victims that now includes 21 cases . The Canadian government claims that less than ten of its diplomatic households have experienced symptoms related to the attacks .
While the US has a long adversarial history with Cuba , Canada has maintained good relations with the country since the US first cut off its diplomatic ties in 1959 . That fact could indicate that the Cuban government is n't responsible for whatever 's going on here , and officials in Havana have allegedly been extremely cooperative with the investigation . There does n't seem to be any motive for Cuba to risk screwing up the fragile new relationship with the US . Maybe a rogue actor or another nation is involved , but that still leaves the question of how this is physically possible .
Joseph Pompei , a former MIT researcher and psychoacoustics expert , tells the AP that “ somebody would have to submerge their head into a pool lined with very powerful ultrasound transducers ” for sound to cause brain damage and concussions . And Dr. Toby Heys , Leader of the Future Technologies research center at Manchester Metropolitan University in the UK , told New Scientist last month that directing ultrasound into the ear cavity could theoretically cause permanent hearing damage but it would require precision targeting with a clear path .
Advertisement
We may be dealing with some type of technology that experts are completely unfamiliar with , or we may be dealing with something else entirely that 's just been overlooked . Whatever it is , it seems that the State Department is n't really being cagey , it just does n't have a clue .
[ Associated Press ]
Bryce Harper is going to Class AAA for a while . Does n't matter . He needs more polish and less spotlight . He 'll be back . What matters , what may even change the launch of Harper 's career and the shape of the Nationals ' immediate future is the other reason — the overlooked reason — why he 's going to Syracuse . The Nats want Harper to become a center fielder .
If the experiment works , the Nationals will , maybe by the middle of this year , fill the team 's biggest void — and fill it internally at no cost in trade . That $ 75 million the Nats have targeted for a free agent center fielder next offseason could be used to improve some other position .
Just as important , if Harper can play center adequately , then he instantly becomes a much more valuable player . Whatever Harper 's normal offensive stats ultimately prove to be , they 'll carry more weight in center field , where power and run production are harder to find than at corner outfield spots . In the future , the Nats could build a team with three power bats in their outfield .
Can it work ? It sure has in the past .
After the 1995 season , Davey Johnson took over the Orioles , for whom Brady Anderson , 32 , had started 85 percent of his games in left field the previous four years . Johnson thought he 'd spotted something — a hidden center fielder . Anderson was a body-builder with speed , but he seldom got his best jumps in left field . Reading the ball off the bat is easier in center .
So the Orioles traded lame-hitting center fielder Curtis Goodwin for southpaw David Wells and made Anderson a 100 percent center fielder . How 'd it work out ?
“ Brady hit 50 homers the first year , ” said Johnson dryly on Tuesday . Anderson also became a more aggressive , confident outfielder , making back-to-back all-star teams in center field in Davey 's two years as manager .
If some teams took such a radical risk with a player as talented as Harper , I 'd smell a rat . Two years ago , Harper was a catcher . What 's he doing in center field ? Are the Nats so desperate to fill a position of need that they are willing to put even more pressure on Harper , who hit only .256 in a half season in AA last year and now is being accelerated to AAA based on little more than a strong month in the Arizona Fall League ? Does n't Harper have enough on his plate learning to hit southpaws and junk ballers ? Now you want him in a semi-new spot , maybe in a September postseason race ?
Besides , he 's 19 , crazy gung-ho and plays like Pete Rose far more than Mickey Mantle . He can run into enough walls and teammates in right field . Why put him in center with more responsibility and maybe more danger ? No , son , run to the wall , not through the wall . We want you around a while .
However , in light of Johnson 's and General Manager Mike Rizzo 's backgrounds — they view themselves as lifers who pride themselves on evaluating talent and developing it properly — some benefit of the doubt is due . This was n't done lightly . The Nats already switched Harper from catcher to outfield to save his legs and maximize his career as a hitter . Right field was the logical first stop for his big arm . But nobody ever said it was the last stop .
“ Harper 's a horse , ca n't wear him out . He runs good enough , better than plenty who play center , ” Johnson said . But what did Harper think ?
“ That 's my favorite spot , ” Harper told Johnson .
“ He loves it , ” Johnson said . “ That 's the one thing I wanted to hear . ”
If Harper succeeds , the ramifications are widespread . Other players benefit , such as Jayson Werth , 33 , who can play his natural right field and not get exhausted in center when Harper moves up to the majors .
Last year , Werth batted and played wherever asked , willing to tie himself in a pretzel for his money . But did it help him ? Johnson wants him back in all his comfort zones . “ He 's here six more years , ” he said . Help him prosper .
If Harper plays center , Michael Morse , Adam LaRoche and eventually Anthony Rendon , all corner players , fit into the team 's jigsaw puzzle better .
Finally , a move to center field puts fewer demands on Harper from the media and fans . A center fielder does n't have to hit as much to be considered a success . If Harper someday has 23 homers , 23 steals , 81 RBI and hits .255 , that 'd be miles below his hype . Yet that 's what fine young center fielders Andrew McCutchen , Chris Young , Adam Jones and B.J . Upton had in 2011 .
Can Harper make the switch ? Center is a different animal . It 's vast . Nobody can hide there . The ball finds you and so do blooper lowlights . Your range , or lack of it , inspires or infects a whole pitching staff . Your baseball savvy surfaces or is exposed .
Last year at Bowie in AA , I lost track while watching a lopsided game . The Harrisburg left fielder crashed into the fence at a scary speed , caught the ball fully extended , then threw all the way back to first base on the fly to try to double off a runner — one of the longest accurate throws I 've ever seen . “ Who was that ? ” I said . It was Harper .
This spring training , I mentioned the play . Harper grinned , aware his team had been seven runs ahead and he 'd partly done it for the pure , crazy fun of it . “ Someday I want to be a great outfielder , ” he said . “ I got a long way to go . ”
That 's really why Bryce Harper is going to AAA . The stakes are far bigger than whether he arrives in Nationals Park in April , June or September . If you think he was a potentially transformative player until now , just wait . If he comes back as a decent center fielder — a huge “ if ” — it changes his career and helps the whole Nationals jigsaw puzzle fit together .
For Thomas Boswell 's previous columns , go to washingtonpost .
com/boswell .
Ticket to Ride : Equestria
Welcome , friends !
What is Ticket to Ride ? TTR is a popular modern board game , in which players build trains along tracks to connect their locations across the countryside . Compete by claiming routes and completing your destination tickets to score points .
What is Ticket to Ride : Equestria ? This is a homemade map expansion for TTR , depicting the world of Equestria as featured in My Little Pony : Friendship is Magic .
What do I need to play ? You need an original published copy of a Ticket to Ride board game for the train components and cards . You can use the original USA set , Europe , or Nordic Countries . You 'll also need to print the Equestria map and ticket cards available here .
How is there a train to the Moon ? Royal princess magic . Also for the Sun .
The actor Bryan Cranston smiles a lot , but when he is n't doing so , his craggy features settle into a default expression of unyielding menace . `` My face , in repose , is mean , '' he tells the Guardian 's photographer , apologetically , at the Manhattan photo studio where we meet . `` I scare people . You know how some people have a built-in smile ? I look like I 'm going to eat children . '' Cranston , 58 , is currently appearing on Broadway as Lyndon Johnson in All the Way , a three-hour play that taxes his vocal cords – on Mondays , when there 's no performance , he obeys a vow of silence . If he needs to communicate , he uses a pen and paper . You wonder what it must be like to be a barista on the Monday shift at Starbucks , taking an order from the murderous-looking man who wo n't talk . Assuming you are familiar with Breaking Bad – in which Cranston played a colourless chemistry teacher turned crystal meth kingpin – you might be forgiven for wondering if reality and fiction had somehow entwined . You would probably fear for your life .
For Cranston himself , the fictional world of Breaking Bad remains intensely real . ( The show ended last year ; plenty of spoilers follow . ) `` I miss him . I do , very much , '' he says of his character , Walter White , last seen expiring from a self-inflicted gunshot wound on the floor of a meth lab owned by neo-nazis on the outskirts of Albuquerque , New Mexico . `` I had this done on the last day of shooting – look . '' He shows me a tiny tattoo of the Breaking Bad logo , the periodic table symbols for bromine and barium , on the side of his right ring finger , hidden from view unless he flexes a knuckle . `` Someone asked me : 'Why do you want it there , where no one will see it ? ' I said : ' I 'll see it . ' It catches my eye , and it reminds me : any opportunities I have now been because of that show . '' It 's a characteristically Cranstonian comment – the outlook of an actor who found acclaim in his 50s , not his 20s , and is acutely aware that things might have gone differently . ( Videos of Cranston advertising haemorrhoid creams on TV in the 1980s are easy to find on YouTube . )
Bryan Cranston with Aaron Paul in Breaking Bad , 2008 . Photograph : Sportsphoto Ltd/Allstar
Walter White lives on , too , among the crowds packing the Neil Simon Theatre for All The Way : the play is full of behind-the-scenes Washington technicalities , and it 's safe to assume that the main draw was n't three hours of cloture motions and filibusters , subcommittee reports and second readings . So it 's a testament to Cranston 's ability to completely inhabit a character that All the Way is so gripping . It follows one year of LBJ 's accidental presidency – from the Kennedy assassination to Johnson 's own landslide election victory in 1964 – and shows him manoeuvring , manipulating and ( often literally ) arm-twisting to force the Civil Rights Act through Congress , ending the Jim Crow era of racial segregation . In platform shoes to emulate Johnson 's height , and with the aid of prosthetic earlobes , Cranston becomes the 36th president : he bullies and cajoles , flatters and snarls and barks , tells dirty jokes or glows with idealism as required , and delivers the famous `` Johnson treatment '' to everyone from Martin Luther King to the racist Alabama governor George Wallace .
LBJ `` knew everyone , and he had a fantastic memory for what they wanted '' , says Cranston , whose research for the role included reading all 3,000-plus pages of Robert Caro 's epic multi-volume biography . `` What was their pet project , the thing they wanted for their own state ? He kept a mental file . So when it came time to get what he wanted , he 'd work hard first to get what they wanted : the freeway , the dam , whatever it was . Then he 'd say , '' – here Cranston slips into Johnson 's Texas twang – `` 'Nah , you need to he ' p me ! Nah , c'mon ! ' It was all about a trade : you had to give something to get something . You 're gon na cut off my leg , but it 'll save my life . '' The end justified the means . `` This is n't about principles , '' Cranston 's LBJ declares , after tricking another politician into pledging his support . `` It 's about votes ! ''
Bryan Cranston as Lyndon Johnson in All The Way . Photograph : Evgenia Eliseeva
Against the backdrop of America 's present political paralysis , the horse-trading opportunism of the 1960s looks positively saintly . Johnson may have passed the Civil Rights Act , 50 years ago , by removing key provisions and purchasing votes – but he passed it . `` Modern American politics is a bastardisation of what it was all meant to be , '' says Cranston . `` A couple of years into Obama 's first term , Mitch McConnell , the Senate minority leader , said : our priority , as the Republican party , is to make sure Obama is a one-term president . He blatantly let it out ! You 've got to be kidding me ! Whatever side you 're on , if you focus on stopping someone , as opposed to working with someone … oh , God , it 's just awful . Everybody 's entrenched , with their arms folded : either I win , or you win . Let 's fight . ''
It has taken a long time for history to start to consider Johnson a hero as well as a villain – you can blame the Vietnam war for that – but in All The Way , for all his faults , he emerges as an admirable figure . `` Constantly working , constantly trying to make the deal : we got ta give this up , we got ta get that , '' is how Cranston characterises his approach . `` People close to him would say they were n't fond of him , but they loved him . I found that fascinating : ' I did n't like him , but I loved him . ' They did n't like how he mistreated people . But his heart ? His intentions were honorable . For the most part . ''
Villains who are also heroes , amoral manipulators whose goals may ultimately be honourable : it 's hard to talk of such things with Cranston for long without circling back to Walter White , possibly the darkest and most morally ambiguous protagonist in television history . Much of Breaking Bad 's appeal arose from the fact that Walt 's transformation – `` from Mr Chips to Scarface '' , as the show 's creator Vince Gilligan famously put it – unfolded from noble motives . The lifeless chemistry teacher , diagnosed with terminal lung cancer in episode one , initially only wants to leave a nest egg for his family . That 's why he teams up with a former student , Jesse Pinkman ( Aaron Paul ) , to make and sell meth . Despite the nature of their business , he 's Everyman , a victim of American economic insecurity and midlife crisis , following capitalism 's rules by exploiting his most marketable skill .
The New Yorker magazine calculated that by the start of season five , White – in his guise as the drug lord Heisenberg – had caused 195 deaths , from small-time dealer Krazy-8 , whom he strangles with a bike lock , to the top dog Gus Fring , his face blown off by a pipe bomb . ( The figure includes 167 victims of a plane crash , caused indirectly by Walt 's callousness . ) Yet the audience feels complicit , since every fresh act of violence seems a rational response to events , reaching back all the way to that first somewhat reasonable intention . A question at Breaking Bad 's core is whether , by the end , White remains in any sense a good person .
Cranston defends him . ( After all , he lived with him for seven years . ) `` Do anyone 's motives have purity ? '' he wonders . `` Mother Theresa , maybe . But people like that are saints who walk the earth , and very few . Breaking Bad resonated because there 's a Walter White in every person in the world . We 're all capable of it . It 's never realised in most of us . But given the right circumstances , anyone could be threatened enough , fearful enough , desirous enough . Walt was a man who was depressed ; his emotions were cocooned . He did n't know how he felt . And then the terminal diagnosis frees him : 'Fuck it ! If I do one bold thing in my life , this is it . And it 's for my family . And then I die . ' Of course , a simple plan goes awry . ''
He learned of White 's ultimate fate only five days before shooting began for the finale ; that 's how it always worked , with the exception of the handful of episodes that Cranston directed himself . `` It did n't serve me , as an actor , to know too far in advance what was going to happen , '' he says . On the other hand , he took an unusually proactive role in making White who he was . Gilligan 's pilot script was so vivid and stimulating , he says , `` that when I went into my first meeting with Vince , I told him how Walter White should look : how he should walk , how much he should weigh , that he should have a silly moustache , that he should blend into the walls , that he should be invisible to society . ''
Bryan Cranston in Malcolm in the Middle . Photograph : 20thC Fox/Everett/Rex
Unsurprisingly , in the years since Heisenberg 's killing sprees started attracting national attention and winning awards , including three Emmys and a Golden Globe for Cranston personally , the actor has been deluged with offers of work . He filters these using an `` assessment scale '' , a self-devised point-scoring system in which good writing and a good story account for the most potential points , with director and cast following behind . He 'll only take a job if it scores highly enough – as did 2012 's Argo , and the forthcoming Godzilla movie , by British director Gareth Edwards . `` Nowhere on that assessment scale is money , '' he says , when I ask . `` Money can only cloud your judgment . I 'm not an enemy to money : I 've had none and I 've had much , and much is preferable . '' For the right price , he 'll do a voiceover for any old ad , `` because that 's not an artistic decision : you wan na pay me that much ? You got it ! But no amount of money is going to make a bad script better . ''
The job offers are n't the only thing that 's changed . Walter White 's path from invisibility to extreme visibility has been paralleled by Cranston 's own . After spending decades as part of the background – even as the father in the sitcom Malcolm in the Middle , his previous biggest role , he did n't impose on one 's mind – he 's now recognised everywhere he goes . `` I used to be able to work all the time : in a coffee house , in a doctor 's office , in an airport , just watching human behaviour , '' he says . `` But then what happens – David Duchovny told me this , after his career mushroomed with the X-Files – is that when the observer becomes the observed , you ca n't observe any more . '' These days , `` I keep my head down lower . I find myself watching my surroundings more . Not to avoid contact , but … '' He pauses , seeming worried that he might be sounding ungrateful for good fortune . `` Well , if I 'm truly honest , it is to avoid contact . '' At last year 's ComicCon in San Diego , he strolled among the crowds disguised in a Walter White mask , posing for photographs with Breaking Bad fans who had no idea it was him .
Cranston with his wife , the actor Robin Dearden . Photograph : Kevin Winter
Before Malcolm in the Middle , and aside from his other notable role as `` dentist to the stars '' Dr Tim Whatley , on Seinfeld , Cranston was no celebrity , but nor was he often out of work . His long list of credits includes roles on Baywatch , LA Law , Murder She Wrote , The X-Files and the cold war helicopter drama Airwolf , where he met his wife , the actor Robin Dearden . ( They have a 21-year-old daughter . ) Yet he nearly became a police officer instead . Raised in suburban Los Angeles by two struggling actors , his childhood was rarely stable : the family was evicted from their home ; his parents divorced when he was 12 , and for a while , he and his mother and brother subsisted on food stamps . The LAPD 's youth training programme promised structure , dependable income and travel opportunities – `` a chance to get out of my little world of Canoga Park , California '' . Cranston graduated top of his police-training class . But an experience in a drama course he was taking on the side prompted an abrupt change of plan .
The way Cranston tells it – in a long , circuitous anecdote , punctuated by hand gestures and bouncing eyebrows – he arrived in the class to be handed a sheet of paper describing an acting exercise , that required him to smooch passionately with his ( beautiful , female ) acting partner for that day . `` I asked the teacher : 'Should we kiss , or just pretend ? ' He was disgusted by my question . So I thought , OK , I hope she 's not offended , but I 'm really gon na kiss her . And it starts – and before I can even begin , she is on me . Open mouth , tongue , hands everywhere . It 's very exciting . ''
Afterwards , emboldened by her passion , Cranston asked her : `` 'Would you like to get lunch sometime ? ' And she looked at me like I was a lost little puppy : 'Oh , no , no , I have a boyfriend . ' And I thought : Oh , my God , that was acting ! My head was spinning . That 's when it clicked . She was just doing her job . And I realised this could be my work : to kiss girls ! So I said : 'So long , police work . ' ''
Four decades later , Cranston 's role on set has changed from randy youth to paternal team coach and morale-booster . On Breaking Bad , he organised bowling trips for the cast and crew ; even at the Guardian 's photo session , he pauses proceedings to interrogate the hairstylist about her new baby , demanding to see phone pictures . `` One benefit of being an actor for a long time and hitting a higher measure of success at 40 , with Malcolm in the Middle , and 50 with Breaking Bad , is that I know what kind of set I do n't want to work on , '' Cranston says . `` You want to be in an environment where everyone 's respected – where the drama 's in the show , not around the show . I 've worked on sets that are angry , nervous , uncertain , and it just permeates everything .
`` I had a policy on Breaking Bad : I would n't allow any bitching or complaining . And if you 're going to say it 's not allowed , you have to not do it yourself . '' Of course , one might object that for an actor with Cranston 's capacity to terrify , that 's easy enough to say . In a pinch , if niceness failed , he could presumably instil order on set by fixing the wrongdoers with an unsmiling stare .
An Open Letter to Lyle Shelton , Managing Director of the Australian Christian Lobby
As I write , 50 LGBTIQ people are dead and at least another 53 wounded ; shot down by an Islamic terrorist in Florida . As I write , 50 LGBTIQ people are dead and at least another 53 wounded ; shot down by an Islamic terrorist in Florida .
Florida is a long way from Canberra , Lyle . And you are a Christian , not a Muslim . You were nowhere near the Pulse nightclub when Omar Mateen took out an assault rifle and a pistol and began firing indiscriminately into a club packed with the kind of people your Australian Christian Lobby spends so much money to vilify .
And yet , Lyle , I blame you for the horror which occurred in that nightclub . Because it is you , and people like you , who actively fuel the homophobic culture which helps unhinged people like Mateen justify their actions as ‘ right ' and ‘ holy ' .
Omar Mateen was not born in a Muslim country . He was born in New York . He is as much a product of a Western religious culture as Muslim one .
Just like you , Lyle , Matten appears to have been influenced by a father with extremist religious views . It is true , Mateen 's homophobia was fomented in a mosque rather than the Toowoomba City Church as yours was . But , the message preached from his imam is not a great deal different to the message preached from the pulpits of churches like your father 's . It differs little from the propaganda the Australian Christian Lobby spends millions of dollars to disseminate in Australia .
Homosexuality is not natural .
Sex between people of the same gender is ‘ dirty ' and sinful .
Advertisements which seek to educate and protect homosexual people from sexually transmitted diseases should not be allowed in public .
Homosexuals are the same as pedophiles .
Children should not be exposed to homosexuality .
Homosexual love is unnatural and sinful .
People who are gay should somehow ‘ become ' heterosexual or resign themselves to lifelong celibacy .
Gay families are not ‘ real ' families .
Homosexual couples can not parent as well as mixed-gender , married couples .
The children of homosexual couples are disadvantaged .
Homosexual couples should not be allowed to adopt .
Children should only be raised within a marriage – but homosexuals must never be allowed to marry .
Australian ‘ values ' and public morality will suffer if homosexuals are allowed to marry . People will want to marry their pets and farm animals and men will begin to take multiple wives ( just as they did in the Bible ) .
Anti-bullying programs which seek to educate and protect LGBTIQ children should be ruthlessly attacked with propaganda in case nice , heterosexual children are lured into the dark world of homosexuality .
Homosexuality is a choice – a sinful one .
Nice , white , heterosexual , Christian people will suffer if homosexuals are given full equality .
All of these messages . All of this false , hateful , filthy propaganda adds to a culture which dehumanises LGBTIQ people and makes them vulnerable to attacks from people like Omar Mateen . And this , Lyle , is the Australian Christian Lobby 's stock-in-trade .
These messages are not messages of love , and tolerance and beauty . They are messages of ignorance , hate and irrational fear .
Ignorance , hate and irrational fear . This is what drives terrorists to blow up planes , tube stations and entertainment venues . This is the impetus behind a young American man of Afghani parents walking into a nightclub and opening fire under the delusion it was the ‘ right thing to do ' .
But this was not just any nightclub . This was a club full of people Mateen had been taught were evil , dirty , dangerous , less than human and an affront to God .
Who taught him these things ? Possibly his father , certainly his Abrahamic religion , and undoubtedly the culture created by the Christian fundamentalist , right-wing Americans who inspire your organisation 's own homophobic propaganda here in Australia .
Let me be clear , Lyle . Regardless of whether they came from Muslims or Christians – and it is clear he was influenced by both – messages no different from those disseminated by the Australian Christian Lobby convinced Omar Mateen LGBTIQ people deserve to die . The same kind of religious zealotry you and the Australian Christian Lobby embrace , convinced Omar Mateen God would reward him for his service in ending their lives .
I blame you , Lyle .
You did not buy the guns . You did not pull the trigger . But you , and religious fundamentalists just like you ( both Muslim and Christian ) , as sure as hell provided the psychological ammunition .
Words are weapons , Lyle . You and your ilk armed that young man to the teeth with everything he needed to become a terrorist – ignorance , hate and irrational fear .
If the Coalition wins the election on 2 July , Australia will face a plebiscite to decide the issue of same-sex marriage . The Australian Christian Lobby has called for anti-discrimination laws to be suspended to allow you to go for the jugular in your attacks on LGBTIQ people and rainbow families .
Psychologists have warned the harm done to the LGBTIQ community from your campaigning will be immense . People will die as a result of your campaign , Lyle ; as surely as if you walked into a gay bar and opened fire on them .
You may not kill them directly , by pointing a gun and pulling a trigger , but the result will be the same . Your attacks will be the final straw for some LGBTIQ people who have spent a lifetime dealing with the kind of hateful ignorance you peddle for fun and profit . And your views will convince some young people they 'd be better off dead than having to deal with a lifetime being vilified by people like you .
If you had one shred of decency , you would look at the events of the last 24 hours and put out a statement :
“ The Australian Christian Lobby wants no part of the homophobia , hate and religious zealotry that led to the attack in Orlando , Florida . As Christians , we do not want to fuel that kind of fear and intolerance here in Australia . While we remain opposed to homosexuality and same-sex marriage , we accept our views are not shared by the majority of Australians and we are content to let the Australian parliament decide this issue . We will no longer add to the rhetoric that drives people like Omar Mateen to commit atrocities , or drives LGBTIQ people to addiction , self-harm , mental illness and suicide . ”
Of course you will say nothing of the sort . Because , Lyle , at your core , you are Oscar Mateen with a veneer of respectability .
You have no interest in the truth . You have no empathy for those who do not conform to your narrow , extremist , religious views . You believe in a righteous God , not a loving God . And you are happy to sacrifice the lives and happiness of the people you target in the interests of your own religious delusions .
And that is why , when I watch the footage of the carnage in Orlando , Florida , I blame you , Lyle .
I blame you .
Chrys Stevenson
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OKLAHOMA CITY , Okla. – Officials say as the number of earthquakes drop across Oklahoma , a new directive for the oil and gas industry is aimed at the future .
A new rule announced by the state 's public utility regulatory agency Friday will limit growth in future disposal rates of drilling waste water .
According to Oil & Gas Conservation Division officials with the Oklahoma Corporation Commission ( OCC ) , the rules will hopefully continue to slow the amount of earthquakes shaking the state .
“ We 're always looking for those correlations , between volumes and earthquake activity , ” said Tim Baker , the Oil & Gas Division 's director .
`` If we did nothing , and left everything the same , and the price of oil , if we saw a dramatic increase in the price of oil , there 's the potential of the volume of water going in the Arbuckle ( rock formation ) , increasing by 2 million barrels a day . Whether or not that could actually happen , we do n't know , but we 're trying to avoid that risk . ''
That risk coming in the form of seeing earthquakes on the up-tick .
According to numbers released by the OCC from the Oklahoma Geological Survey the state has seen its daily earthquake numbers ( 2.7-magnitude or greater ) drop over the last two years .
In 2015 , Oklahoma averaged about 5.4 earthquakes each day ; in 2016 , that number dropped to 3.6 .
So far in 2017 , the state has averaged 1.3 per day .
The largest earthquake on record in the state was the 5.8 that struck Pawnee in September of last year .
`` So we 're getting this directive out now before we see this dramatic increase in the price of oil , ” said Baker , “ and everybody 's wanting to bring their volumes up . ''
The newest rule places waste water volume caps on all 654 disposal wells within the 15,000 square mile Earthquake Area of Interest .
NewsChannel 4 reached out to several industry organizations that represent the oil and gas industry in the state to gauge their response to the new OCC directives , but as of Friday evening , we have not yet heard back .
`` The cap is a wise thing to do now so operators have time to manage their production and can look for other ways of handling their disposal volumes . ”
Baker says the directive will not reduce current volumes , but looks to keep future volume increases in check .
In the future , wells will be able to increase the amount of wastewater disposed in the area . However , this directive puts a cap on that increase , creating limits on how big of an increase can occur at one time .
The rule also gives well operators a little flexibility when it comes to multiple wells .
Under the system , the well operator would have a 30-day allowance for how much can be disposed .
Friday evening , the president of The Oklahoma Oil and Gas Association , Chad Warmington , sent NewsChannel 4 this statement :
“ The Commission 's latest directive could impact OKOGA members ' future economic contributions to the state of Oklahoma . While this is the reality we face , our members stand by state regulations when based on sound science and available data . The agency 's recent announcement is consistent with this practice . The good news is that since June 2015 , frequency in seismic events has drastically declined by more than two thirds in Oklahoma . We are hopeful that this trend will continue , and industry remains committed to providing the state and academics support as research continues . ”
West Shore RCMP have arrested a 32 year old Langford woman after a lengthy investigation for production of counterfeit money .
Over $ 60,000 in Canadian and US currency in counterfeit bills were produced .
Police say that several communities were affected , including the West Shore as well as Sooke , Saanich and Victoria .
32-year old Deborah Lynne Thomas has been charged with nine counts of uttering , using or exporting counterfeit money .
She was taken into custody on Wednesday after officers searched her home on Red Alder Court and found fake Canadian and US currency . They also located the equipment used to make the counterfeit cash .
Thomas has been released on a recognizance and is set to appear in court on December 10th at the Western Communities Courthouse
West Shore RCMP are working with the US Secret Service to confirm details involving the counterfeit US currency .
Our investigators have gathered sufficient evidence to lay these charges , said Cst . Alex Bérubé , spokesperson of the West Shore RCMP .
However , we believe that there may be more businesses who have fallen victim to these counterfeit bills and encourage them to come forward .
Anyone with information is urged to contact the West Shore RCMP at 250-474-2264 or CRIMESTOPPERS at 1-800-222-TIPS .
Facebook Conversations
Mancienne has been on loan at Wolves for the past two seasons
Chelsea defender Michael Mancienne has signed a four-year deal with Hamburg for about £1.75m .
The 23-year-old will join his new team-mates after competing for England at the European Under-21 Championship .
Londoner Mancienne has had limited chances at Chelsea but he now joins Blues former technical director Frank Arnesen at the German club .
`` Hamburg is a big club with a lot of tradition and some fantastic fans , '' Mancienne said .
`` It 's a big challenge for me to be able to play for this club . It would be great if I could play a part in helping Hamburg get back into Europe . ''
Londoner Mancienne joined Chelsea as a schoolboy but made only six senior appearances before he was loaned out to Wolves .
He spent three spells at Molineux , including the past two seasons , and also had two periods at QPR .
But his lack of top-level experience has not put off Arnesen , who has wasted little time raiding his old club since joining Hamburg as their new sporting director .
`` I know Michael from Chelsea and have followed his development for years , '' said Arnesen . `` I am aware of his great potential . ''
The deal has been sanctioned with Chelsea still looking for a new manager since they sacked Carlo Ancelotti on 22 May - the final day of the Premier League season .
Hamburg finished eighth last season in the Bundesliga .
Today at Google I/O we spent some time at the Project Tango booth ; if you 're not familiar with Tango , it 's a new technology Google is working on that will allow phones/tablets to give “ human-scale ” sense of space and motion .
Project Tango was born out of ATAP over a year ago with the very first consumer-focused prototype unveiled being an odd-looking phone that featured three cameras .
Unfortunately , we discovered today that Google 's discontinued the Tango phone , but is back this year with it 's new Project Tango tablet instead that 's even more refined and has some impressive real-world applications .
There 's a series of demos Google is using to focus on the tablet , starting with many that were shown on stage this morning . One of the most impressive is called SketchUp Scan , which may ring a bell , since SketchUp was acquired from Google by Trimble .
SketchUp Scan allows you to point Tango at the walls or corners in a room and will automatically calculate the size/floorspace of the area and spit out a 3D model of the room .
It 's an impressive demo , but it 's also got some huge real-world applications ; builders , designers and architects could quickly use it to map a space for 3D modelling , for example . In the same vein , another application , ‘ Through the Wall ' by Trimble gives you x-ray vision to see through the walls to see the structure of a building as well as other infrastructure such as wires , lift systems and pipes .
It 's not magic , but instead , the Tango is used in tandem with the architectural plans output by many common CAD applications and maps them accurately in the real world . Some of Google 's official apps do similar things , with one that models a space in 3D , in real-time on screen as you point the device around the place . It 's only good for four meters in front of you , but it 's impressive to see it build up a view of the world in real time .
Other companies have been extending the platform already in unique ways . Durovis , a German based virtual-reality startup , has built a number of headsets with a mount for Project Tango ( or even other regular device ) to use like an Oculus Rift . The headsets look completely goofy , but when you put them on the story totally changes .
The demos we tried showed a roller coaster on a traditional phone , but with the ability to look around in real time . It 's spooky , but impressive having an Android phone and nothing more strapped 4 inches from your face giving you an impressive virtual reality experience ( shockingly similar to that from Google Cardboard ) .
The other device straps a Project Tango tablet on your head and analyze the environment around you in real time and presents it as is albeit flooded with water . It 's incredibly spooky and a little disorienting but the effect is quite immersive ; you 're able to move around in the environment , duck under the water by kneeling down , look behind you and explore the space in a unique way .
These demos might seem like gimmicks , but mark an interesting new way that devices can allow their users to interact with a real space rather than an invented one . Project Tango could allow you to analyze your house and then let your kids play hide-and-seek with cartoon characters via the tablet , in your actual space while moving around .
Project Tango is still a prototype and you wo n't see it in any stores anytime soon , but Google did announce today that it 's working closely with LG to bring a consumer device to the market in 2015 . Perhaps by next year , we 'll be interacting with the real world a lot more using our devices .
Read next : YouTube unveils a new studio app for creators , lets fans contribute funding and subtitles
President Donald Trump announced last week that he would end DACA , but he first gave Congress six months to come up with a solution . Trump unlikely to demand border wall for Dreamers bill The president told Pelosi in private that he wanted ‘ some border security . '
President Donald Trump is sending public and private signals that he is ready to deal on legislation protecting young undocumented immigrants and wo n't demand funding for a border wall .
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D-Calif. ) said Tuesday that Trump told her in private that he would sign the DREAM Act — a bill that would provide a path to permanent legal status for so-called Dreamers — and that he wants “ some border security. ” Meanwhile , a top White House aide indicated Tuesday that the Trump administration would not insist that legislation codifying protections for Dreamers be tied to border wall funding .
Story Continued Below
“ We 've been very clear : There is no wall in our DACA future . It 's just not going to happen , ” Pelosi said at a small roundtable meeting with reporters , recounting her conversations with Trump . “ I think it 's immoral , I think it 's expensive and ineffective . And so we 're not going to that place . ”
Pelosi said she and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( D-N.Y. ) pressed Trump on protection for Dreamers during the Oval Office meeting last week , with the two Democrats saying “ we will not rest until it is passed as soon as possible . ”
“ It was important to us , so we wanted some assurances that the president would sign the bill and that we would have some cooperation in passing such a bill , ” the California Democrat added . “ That 's been a major piece of that meeting . ”
The most reliable politics newsletter . Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news , every morning — in your inbox . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
Marc Short , the White House 's director of legislative affairs , said Tuesday that the administration is “ most interested in getting border security ” and that Trump believes a barrier such as a wall “ is important to that equation of border security . ”
“ Whether or not that is part of a DACA equation or whether or not that 's another legislative vehicle — I do n't want us to bind ourselves into a construct that makes reaching a conclusion on DACA impossible , ” Short said during a breakfast hosted by the Christian Science Monitor .
Those comments underscore Trump 's desire to see Congress approve legislation that essentially would turn the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program — an Obama-era executive action that Trump said this month he would end — into law . The president has given Congress six months to come up with a legislative fix , and several Republicans interested in immigration policy have urged the administration to make clear publicly what it is seeking in any deal .
Though the administration seems to be conceding on the wall for now , it is n't for lack of trying . After a New York-New Jersey delegation meeting at the White House to discuss a local transportation project last week , Trump privately pressed Schumer on giving the administration resources for a wall in exchange for signing a Dreamer plan into law , according to one person familiar with the exchange .
Schumer stressed to Trump in the one-on-one conversation that Democrats absolutely would not support that proposal , reiterating that point again to the president when he asked Schumer a similar question about 10 minutes later , according to the source .
Democrats have repeatedly drawn a hard line against construction of a 2,000-mile barrier along the border with Mexico , either in government spending negotiations or in talks over how to codify DACA into law . Key Democrats have , however , indicated they will have to accept some modest border security measures to pick up support from congressional Republicans on a DACA fix .
“ ‘ You pass it , I 'll sign it , I want some border stuff . ' That 's what he said , ” Pelosi recounted . “ We always want border stuff , so that 's not a problem . Especially with all the technologies . ”
Pelosi did n't indicate what type of specific border security provisions would be palatable to most Democrats , saying her party was focused on a “ clean ” DREAM Act and pressuring GOP lawmakers , particularly moderates , to get on board .
House Democrats will launch a discharge petition effort later this month to try to force the issue to the floor , and Pelosi said they will focus on persuading the roughly two dozen House Republicans who have endorsed a more conservative version of the DREAM Act sponsored by Rep. Carlos Curbelo ( R-Fla. ) . That legislation , Pelosi said at the reporters ' roundtable , was “ not good enough . ”
Apart from the border wall , a host of other controversial policies are likely to arise as potential trade-offs for legislation concerning DACA .
GOP Sens . Tom Cotton of Arkansas and David Perdue of Georgia have said they would like to see their bill calling for deep cuts to legal immigration levels — legislation endorsed by the White House — attached to any DACA bill . Some Senate Republicans have looked at tougher enforcement measures , such as a broader E-Verify system to prevent businesses from hiring workers without legal status . Conservative Republicans may also continue to insist on a wall .
Meanwhile , Democrats have furiously strategized behind the scenes about how to push the Dreamer issue , especially with must-pass legislation facing Congress throughout the rest of the year .
Some Democrats privately mulled trying to attach legislation that would grant legal status to DACA recipients serving in the military as part of the National Defense Authorization Act , which the Senate is taking up this week , according to multiple sources .
But Democrats determined that they did n't want to risk angering Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain ( R-Ariz. ) — for whom the defense bill is a top priority — particularly because McCain is a longtime champion of comprehensive immigration reform and would be a critical GOP ally in a legislative battle over Dreamers , the sources said .
The Pentagon said last week that about 900 people who are currently in the military , or who have enlisted , have the temporary DACA protections , according to The Associated Press .
Established by President Barack Obama in 2012 , the DACA program currently grants temporary work permits and protections from deportation to about 690,000 undocumented immigrants who entered the country as minors . Though he moved to end the program , Trump has publicly voiced concern about the fate of the hundreds of thousands of young people who are protected by it . He wrote on Twitter last week that he would “ revisit the issue ” if Congress fails to act .
White House aides have long considered trying to get Democrats to support funding a border wall — a key pledge of Trump 's during the 2016 campaign — in exchange for moving forward with a Dreamers bill . But , amid a massive public backlash over Trump 's decision to end DACA , the president has grown increasingly eager for a legislative solution to that issue .
Short added later at the breakfast that the president remains committed to building the border wall .
Meanwhile , Pelosi hinted that Obama , who last week condemned Trump 's decision to unilaterally end DACA , would soon become more vocal in other political battles , particularly the midterm elections .
“ He has made clear his priority was to speak out first and foremost on the Dreamers because this was really wrong , ” Pelosi said Tuesday . “ At some point , I 'm hopeful that he will be helpful to our House and Senate efforts , and I think he will . ”
Before Super Bowl LI kicks off , before old rivalries are renewed and season-long scores are settled with higher stakes than ever , before anyone enters a gauntlet of hostility in Foxborough or Arrowhead or Arlington , even before Connor Cook or Brock Osweiler emerges as the quarterback of record in a playoff victory ... we 'll do our best to spoil it all for you . After 17 weeks of monitoring the league , SI.com 's writers and editors have peered into their respective crystal balls , then turned in their 2017 playoff brackets and Super Bowl picks . Read their explanations below .
Note : When reading the brackets , please keep in mind that the highest remaining seed hosts the lowest remaining seed in the following round of the playoffs . The higher-seeded team receives home field advantage in each matchup .
Greg Bedard
The Packers just are n't good enough against the run to defeat the Cowboys , and Dallas can limit Green Bay 's big plays in the pass game . Chiefs are a worthy opponent for Patriots , but Andy Reid and Alex Smith are just too conservative to take down Tom Brady and Bill Belichick at Gillette . You have to put the foot down and never let up to do it , and Reid and Smith ca n't do that . And while a great running game with a mobile/accurate QB like Dak Prescott is the antidote to the Patriots , Belichick , with two weeks to prepare , would not let Prescott become first rookie QB to win a Super Bowl . It 's just not happening .
What happened to Joseph Randle ? The spiral that landed an ex-Cowboys RB in jail
Chris Burke
Preseason , I had Patriots-Seahawks in the Super Bowl ; mid-season , I went with Patriots-Packers . So , there 's one constant in those picks . K.C . or Pittsburgh is capable of pulling off a title-game win in Foxborough , but New England has the most complete team in that conference . The NFC is more of a crapshoot—hence my constantly changing conference champ call . Atlanta has the offense to win a shootout but it also has enough pass rush to make life on , say , Aaron Rodgers difficult . Whichever team survives the NFC will be an underdog to New England in Super Bowl LI , and rightfully so .
Jonathan Jones
Two months ago I had the Vikings as the No . 1 seed in the NFC and Denver as the No . 2 in the AFC . Let 's forget about all that and simply remember I had the Patriots winning it all . Atlanta has n't gotten the credit it deserves all year , and the Falcons have enough firepower to outgun the Packers in the NFC title game . But when they run into the best scoring defense in Houston , Tom Brady will get his fifth ring .
Greg Bishop
In a season that lacked dominant teams , one stood out , from beginning to end . Whether Tom Brady was sitting out his suspension or carving up defenses , whether Rob Gronkowski was healthy or hurt , whether Michael Floyd was playing for the Cardinals or the Patriots , it did n't matter . New England won and won and won and won . It 's hard to see any other scenario unfolding in the playoffs . The Patriots are more than the safest bet . They 're the surest one .
Ben Baskin
The only team in the AFC that might have a chance to beat the Patriots is the Chiefs , but I 'm not betting against Brady and Belichick in the playoffs— especially when they are in the midst of their own version of Sherman 's March to the Sea through the NFL and Roger Goodell this season . And because the NFC is completely wide open ( I debated between three different possible NFC winners : Dallas , New York , and Green Bay ) , I 'm riding the “ things happen in threes ” theory and picking a Giants-Patriots Super Bowl matchup . I feel like these types of perfect sports narratives just have a way of coming to fruition . But I see the ending of Giants-Pats Part III ending differently , simply because Brady has had to put up with nine years of hearing that Eli Manning is his only kryptonite and two years of jokes about his deflated balls .
Melissa Jacobs
No pun intended , but Connor Cook is an absolute wild card , perhaps not yet self-aware enough to grasp the enormity of the playoffs . This can be a good thing . Brock Osweiler is no mystery—he 's been an absolute disappointment this season , and it 's easy to envision him crumbling under pressure . The Steelers ' secondary—which has only allowed nine touchdowns to opposing receivers this year—should envelop the Dolphins . Never bet against Russell Wilson in the playoffs , at home , against a susceptible Lions defense . Giants-Packers was the toughest call of the first round , but Aaron Rodgers is too on fire now to think he 'll slip .
The Chiefs have so many ways to win—including one of the league 's best home field advantages . Patriots-Raiders…hahaha . The Chiefs are the only AFC team that matches up well against New England , but master strategist Bill Belichick will unleash LeGarrette Blount to advance . That leaves us with the new quarterback royalty : Brady vs. Rodgers . While the Packers ' defense is improved and Rodgers is playing out of his mind right now , there 's a karmic factor happening with Brady . After he wills the Pats to their fifth Super Bowl title , the photo op with him and Roger Goodell standing on the same confetti-strewn stage will be an instant classic .
Jacob Feldman
Though I 'm tempted to stick with my Packers-Chiefs preseason prediction or my Packers-Steelers midseason pick , it 's time to face facts . New England is—once again—the NFL 's best team . And , given their seemingly unending supply of good fortune , they 'll probably avoid a hot Steelers team on their way to Houston .
While I 'm switching things up , the Falcons ' chances are being undersold right now . Matt Ryan 's offense just put up as many points as Kurt Warner 's Greatest Show on Turf ever did , and I do n't see any NFC defense slowing them down , especially in the Georgia Dome . Come Super Bowl Sunday , however , Bill Belichick probably finds a way .
Andrew Perloff
The NFC playoffs could play out like 2014 , when a few moments—a Dez Bryant non-catch , an onside kick , a botched pass interference call—determined everything . Which historical narrative repeats itself here : The '14 Seahawks ? The '07 or '11 Giants ? The '10 Packers ? I 'm sticking with my preseason pick , Green Bay , because of Aaron Rodgers 's ability to make plays with his feet . Of course , I 'm well aware they could lose in the first round to a good Giants team . The AFC is much simpler , since the conference title game will be in Foxborough .
Amy Parlapiano
I have a weird sense of undying devotion to my preseason crystal ball Super Bowl pick , which was Steelers over Packers . Also , this would be an incredibly boring round of predictions if we all picked New England . To be clear , the Patriots essentially have a free pass to the AFC title game , and it 's incredibly difficult to pick against them in any capacity . But the Steelers , when they 're clicking , are one of the few teams in the league with a real shot at beating them . The Chiefs have had a phenomenal regular season , but when it 's Alex Smith vs. Ben Roethlisberger in the playoffs ( plus the elephant in the room of the Chiefs ' lurid postseason history ) , the Steelers get the slight edge—it 'll likely come down to a field goal at Arrowhead . Pittsburgh has been maddeningly inconsistent all year , but it arguably has the most dangerous arsenal of weapons of any team . Plus , it 's coming into the playoffs on a hot streak ( seven in a row ) , and sometimes that momentum can be the key .
Speaking of hot streaks ... meet Aaron Rodgers and the Packers . The Green Bay offense looks unstoppable again at the best possible time . The impressive Giants defense will give them a tough game , but I do n't think this will be a repeat of the Ice Bowl II . An NFC title game between Green Bay and Atlanta has the potential to finish 56–49 , but I think it 'll be the Packers who make the trip to Houston and then fall just short to the Steelers . But then again , the last three Super Bowls have been No . 1 seed vs. No . 1 seed , so take all of this with the largest grain of salt that exists .
Mitch Goldich
After the four road teams won on wild-card weekend last season , I think the home teams sweep this weekend before things get interesting . Pittsburgh and Green Bay are as hot as anyone in the league , and I think they can keep rolling into the conference championship games .
In the preseason , I had Pittsburgh beating New England in the AFC title game , but at the time I thought Pittsburgh would be hosting . Green Bay over Atlanta was a tougher pick for me than Green Bay over Dallas , but I see Patriots vs. Packers in a matchup of franchises going for their fifth Super Bowl titles . Brady vs. Rodgers would be right up there with other all-time QB matchups , maybe the best we 've seen since Elway vs. Favre .
As much as I 'd enjoy the story of Rodgers 's table-running to continue through the playoffs , I 'll make the safe , boring prediction that Brady , Belichick and the Vegas favorite Patriots will win the Super Bowl .
Bette Marston
The NFC feels like a toss-up , with several teams riding hot streaks and several teams capable of putting up huge numbers on offense . And I 'm picking the team that fits in both of those categories to win the NFC championship . With their backs against the wall , the Packers pulled out six straight wins to close out the season atop the NFC North , shoving aside the Vikings and the Lions—both of which were favored at one point to take the division . In the AFC , the Chiefs are clicking on all cylinders right now , and there 's no doubt that they will be out to avenge their Week 4 loss against the Steelers . But there 's no team that can beat the Patriots in Foxborough in the playoffs . I predicted a Green Bay–New England Super Bowl with a Patriots victory back in the preseason , and I 'm sticking to that .
Eric Single
I picked the Packers to win it all in the preseason on the basis of my bold claim that Aaron Rodgers is utterly incredible , and the idea of typing “ Had it all the way ! ” and fast-tracking them to Houston is so tempting , but their road through the NFC is just too tough . If the Giants or Cowboys do n't expose Green Bay 's undermanned secondary , Matt Ryan most certainly will . Ryan 's critics have gotten real quiet this fall , and he has n't taken his foot off the gas pedal down the stretch , with 11 touchdowns and no picks in the last month .
Brace yourself for this—the Patriots ' defense has played , at absolute maximum , three solid quarterbacks all season : They needed a missed field goal to outlast Carson Palmer , nearly blew a 28-point lead to Ryan Tannehill and lost at home thanks to Russell Wilson 's best game of the year . ( Sub in Joe Flacco for Ryan Tannehill in that trio if you 're so inclined . ) Containing this year 's diverse Atlanta attack , or even just keeping up with it , is a few weight classes up from that .
It is no secret that the Federal Reserve is aggressively buying up a variety of securities and storing them in their opaque balance sheet . The Fed in essence has become the bad bank and has served as the conduit to support bad banking policy . There seems to be a policy of slowly shrinking the middle class and over time , maybe people will not notice it . How can you not see that the central bank of the United States has been at the nucleus of many of the previous bubbles ? So with that said , I found it rich that the Fed has talked about its ability to moderate bubbles . That is right . The Fed , the numero uno culprit in the housing bubble is talking about preventing future bubbles . Ironically by going deep into QE3 they are essentially inflating asset prices yet again by destroying fixed income investments and causing inflation to pick back up .
Bubble maker to prevent bubbles
One of big reasons for the housing bubble was because of the Fed 's inaction in the banking industry . The Fed has the power to patrol and monitor banks . Instead , in the early 2000s when it was clear housing values were taking off for no reason aside from a mania , the Fed drove interest rates into the ground :
The Fed essentially added fuel to the flame . By the time the Fed stepped back we were already at a peak . The damage had already been done . This is the problem with this bubble clause measure . The Fed is controlled by people and very few will have the political will and power to pop a bubble in the early making . What is there to gain ? If Alan Greenspan popped the housing bubble in the early 2000s what would he have gained ? Instead he kept inflating the bubble and allowed the mess to be cleaned up by his predecessor when the bubble inevitably burst causing the deepest recession since the Great Depression .
Yet we are now seeing the issues with keeping rates low for such a long-time . Inflation is now picking up in many sectors and is stripping the middle class of purchasing power . The Fed is actively targeting mortgage backed securities and is pretty much the only player in the mortgage market right now . Banks are operating in a private-public partnership where gains are privatized and losses are socialized . This bubble machine is perfectly setup . Even with housing and the middle class that rely on housing as the backbone of their financial wealth , families have lost over 5 million homes in foreclosure . Interestingly enough , many of these banks and hedge funds are buying up these properties from these bailed out banks . Those that were prudent are largely subsidizing all this activity .
Fed securities holdings hit a record :
Outright securities holdings by the Fed ( source : FRB )
The market is weak here and the Fed is crowding out all players . The desire for such low rates is driven more by keeping the banking system in place and allowing the tragic bets of the 2000s to slowly inflate away . It is also driven by our massive debt . A low interest rate allows us to borrow more and pay less .
Yet low rates are typically driven by safe bets in the open market . The opposite is occurring here . The safe bet belief is happening because the Fed is buying trillions of dollars of securities . The only reason people believe rates will stay low is because they might perceive that the Fed can keep rates low . The perception is not working all that well thus the Fed needs to be the largest player in these markets .
The notion that the Fed can somehow stop future bubbles is comical . What have they done since the recent crisis to shore up the banking system ? The same gambling and speculation continue today . So we expect the Fed to self police itself ? No wonder why we now exist in a perpetual system of booms and busts .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today 's challenging market !
The familiar storefront on Congress Street .
By Daniel B .
Before it was famous , Famous Lunch in Troy was called Quick Lunch when it opened in 1932 . And it 's still quick today . In the front window hot dogs are plucked off the griddle , topped with mustard , chopped onions , and zippy sauce , and handed to eager customers in mere moments .
Zippy sauce -- for the uninitiated -- is a deeply savory concoction of onions , meat , and spices .
Those in a hurry could surely eat these diminutive three-inch wieners as quickly as they are assembled , although I would n't recommend it . Some things in life deserve to be savored . But that does n't stop people from ordering them by the trayful in quantities of four , six , eight , or more .
Now while it may not be quite as quick , Famous Lunch 's decidedly less famous breakfast is a very special treat . Specifically I 'm referring to their egg and cheese sandwich on a hard roll with zippy sauce . It 's not exactly on the menu , but they are more accommodating than one might imagine .
Some people might contemplate the notion of going to a famous hot dog place and not getting the hot dogs with deep scorn . But are you sure it 's the restaurant 's hot dogs that made them famous ?
The story goes that in 1958 a Marine corporal stationed in Russia staged something called `` Operation Hot Dogs '' in which he arranged for Troy 's unique mini dogs to be flown from Quick Lunch to Moscow . After the international media picked up on the story , these dogs , and this shop , became world famous . And thus , Famous Lunch was christened .
However , Hot Dog Charlie 's has been doing it longer . Its Troy location opened in 1922 under the name of New Way Lunch . And what 's more , at the time both places were getting their mini-dogs from the same provider , the now-closed Troy Pork Store .
So why did this corporal choose Quick Lunch over New Way Lunch ?
We may never know for sure . But I would like to believe that the decision was based on their execution of the chili sauce . Today , it 's clear that Famous Lunch has the best sauce of the bunch . Gus 's in Watervliet may have a bit more heat , and Hot Dog Charlie 's `` pungent '' version is the favorite of Mr. Dave . But I contend that the zippy sauce at Famous Lunch has a richness and depth that sets it apart . And more importantly , it 's the only one of the three that , to my palate , does n't suffer from the gritty , bitter taste of raw spices .
Behind the counter at Famous Lunch you will periodically see someone running a fresh hot pan of deep red zippy sauce from the kitchen , down the galley , to the front of the restaurant . Everyone makes way for the zippy sauce . In the window its contents are deposited in the porcelain pot of honor , which sits on the griddle to keep warm and ready for the next wave of mini hot-dogs .
There is a certain brilliance in taking this rich stewed concoction of onions , meat , chili powder , and other spices and pairing it with contrasting flavors and textures . Soft sweet cooked onions meet the crunch and bite of their raw counterparts . The richness of the sauce is cut by the acidity of the mustard . And the soft , unctuous quality of the meat is juxtaposed with the firm , juicy hot dog and the snap of its casing .
But pairing likes with likes can also give you something amazing .
Remember , fat carries flavor , and an egg and cheese sandwich is kind of like fat on fat . When it 's done right , it 's fat on fat . A raw egg , even before it 's been fried in fat has 63 percent of its calories from fat . American cheese can have over 70 percent of its calories from fat . And at Famous Lunch they know to `` toast '' the hard roll on the griddle with even more fat .
Really , this sandwich is a brilliant zippy sauce flavor delivery device . The richness of the sauce is wrapped up in the creaminess of the cheese and enriched by the egg yolk . There are n't a lot of strong flavors competing for attention . Just supporting players that make this classic warming , meaty , oniony concoction achieve the pinnacle of its existence .
No hot dog necessary . Although , while you are in Troy , you can always get one with the works as a side dish of sorts .
And breakfast is served all day . Just go to the counter and do n't be shy about giving your order to anyone who will listen . If they are really busy , you may need to place your order up front before you take a seat .
When you 're done with your meal , you 'll have to go back up front and recite everything you ate so you can settle up your tab . Sometimes that can be daunting if you 've had multiple waves of hot dogs with your friends . But luckily everything here is crazy cheap , so at least the bill itself is never painful .
It may not be the quickest system anymore , but that 's the price of fame .
Daniel B. is the proprietor of the FUSSYlittleBLOG .
MANILA , Philippines ― Armed Forces of the Philippines ( AFP ) chief General Gregorio Pio Catapang Jr. on Wednesday ordered the Western Mindanao Command ( WESTMINCOM ) to launch “ all-out offensive operations ” against the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters ( BIFF ) .
Catapang said that the operation aimed against the BIFF is a measure seeking to protect the communities from assaults launched by the rebel group .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I am saddened by the news that at least 20,000 people had been displaced by the violent attacks perpetrated by the BIFF in the hinterland villages . We will do our best to protect the people and allow them to go back to their homes , ” Catapang said in a statement .
The AFP chief ordered all its unit commanders to conduct “ joint law enforcement operations ” with the Philippine National Police to avoid clashes with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( MILF ) .
Meanwhile , amid the perceived rift between the AFP and the PNP following the bloody Mamasapano clash , Catapang called for government security forces to be united against “ lawlessness and terrorism . ”
“ We must remain united in our common fight against lawlessness and terrorism . Let us show the enemies of the state that we are a formidable force that will continuously pursue them anywhere they go , ” he added .
The Department of Social Welfare and Development and local government units in the towns of Pagalungan and Pikit in Cotabato province have been ordered to provide humanitarian assistance for the displaced residents .
According to Inquirer sources , the military offensive against the BIFF started late last Friday .
RELATED STORY
Military launches offensive vs BIFF
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Afzal Ahmad , brother of 55-year-old Mohammad Ikhlaq who was lynched over rumours that he ate beef , is shocked that boys who used to dine with them could kill his brother and feels local politicians are behind the incident .
“ I suspect the hand of some local politician who instigated young boys and filled venom into their heads . How can they kill someone who lived with them like a family member ? That these boys killed my brother will take time to sink in , ” said the 57-year-old Afzal .
“ We used to cook mutton and chicken during celebrations for these young boys . There was bonhomie and the neighbouring Hindu Rajput families would come home with their children to share meals , especially mutton on Eid . They used to compliment my wife and me for the food every time they came home . They used to shower praises ‘ chachi ' or ‘ chacha ' aap jaisa mutton hum nahi bana paate , ” rued Afzal .
The Indian Railways employee lives next to his brother 's house in Bisada village in Greater Noida .
On Monday , when his brother was killed , he narrowly escaped being attacked as he and his wife were away visiting a relative . Late that night , his niece called to inform him about the brutal attack on his family members .
Recounting the attack where the youths beat up even his 82-year-old mother , a teary-eyed Afzal said , “ Ikhlaq was almost living like a Hindu among Rajput families until Monday when he was killed for practising his religion by a mob . ”
Of the four siblings , Afzal and Ikhlaq lived in Bisada , the other two lived in Dadri and Loni in Ghaziabad . Ikhlaq was the only who took up his father 's profession of being a blacksmith .
“ Ikhlaq used to make farming equipment for the Hindu families . He also worked part-time as electrician for Hindu families . He was just a call away for them , be it day or night . Also during marriages , he used to work for them for free , ” said Afzal .
Read More :
Dadri lynching : Shaken to the core , Muslims plan to quit village
Dadri lynching : 2 youths ‘ forced ' priest to make beef announcement
UP lynching : Victim 's brother blames politics for the incident
First Published : Oct 02 , 2015 07:50 IST
Before the opening day games kicked off , I sent out the following light-hearted tweet , asking whether Rockies ' starter Kyle Kendrick was the worst opening day starting pitcher of 2015 . If I 'm being totally honest , it was n't really a question , rather a statement formed as one to soften the blow .
Kyle Kendrick the worst opening day starter this season ? Think of the children , # Rockies . — Matt Jackson ( @ jacksontaigu ) April 6 , 2015
Starting pitching has been tough to come by in Colorado . Despite MLB 's efforts to reign in Coors Field , last season it had a league leading park factor for runs — 30 % higher than the next closest , Chase Field . While , yes , both teams play the game on the same field , it 's not hard to imagine that young pitchers who make roughly half their appearances at home may see their development hindered . Sure , there 's Ubaldo Jimenez , but his 2010 season feels so surreal that I just Googled it to make sure was n't a fever dream .
And good luck singing a free agent that is n't either a huge injury risk ( ahem , Brett Anderson , ahem ) or unwanted by 29 other teams . Enter Kyle Kendrick , the latter . The 8-year Phillies veteran 's name did not flow from MLB Trade Rumors writer 's fingertips between avoiding arbitration with Amaro Jr. in 2014 and with the Rockies in February of this year . While Kendrick was ranked 59th on Hardball Talk 's free agent tracker ( 17th among starting pitchers ! ) , he found himself behind pitchers like Chris Young , who settled for a one-year contract with the Royals this offseason and no guarantee of time in the rotation .
Of course , this does't mean that Kendrick is the big dog in the Rockies ' rotation . That title rests with Jorge De La Rosa , who will start the Rockies ' home opener this Friday . But opening day still means something , and the Rockies thought highly enough of Kendrick to give him that crown . Not too shabby for a pitcher who regularly allows 20+ HR a year .
So Kendrick got shelled , right ? Nope ! He went 7 strong innings in Milwaukee , scattering 7 hits while striking out 6 and staying clear of walks . How did he do it ? Aside from pitching on the road . Seriously , how did the one pitcher I singled out as worst among his peers , the pitcher who had the sixth-worst FIP among qualified starters last season ( aside : De La Rosa was 10th worst ) throw one of the best games of his life ?
In 2014 , Kendrick — the bad Kendrick — relied primarily on his sinker ( 44.2 % ) and cutter ( 26.8 % ) , while occasionally mixing in a splitter ( 18.7 % ) and curve ( 9.4 % ) . Last night against the Brewers , Kendrick stayed away from his curve , throwing just one ; he replaced it with splitters , particularly in strikeout situations . In 2014 , Kendrick threw the pitch 25.1 % of the time with 2 strikes , while last night 14 of his 26 splits ( 43.7 % ) were thrown in that situation . He and Nick Hundley may have noticed it diving about an inch more than usual and decide to lean on it more heavily while it was working .
You need look no further than the first batter Kendrick faced to see how he set up the split . Kendrick started the dangerous Carlos Gomez off with a sinker , which he holds with a two-seam fastball grip , for a called strike . He followed it up with another before wasting a slider to run the count to 1-2 . That 's when he brought out the split , burying one in the dirt that Gomez chased .
So it seems that Kendrick did n't do too much to change his approach last night ; rather , he tweaked his pitch selection based on what was working that day . But hey , if you get named opening day starter , you probably should stick with what got you there . Even if `` there '' is Coors and you 're a flyball pitcher .
Oh , and it was just one game . I probably should have led with that .
. . .
All information and statistics courtesy of FanGraphs , Baseball-Reference , MLB Trade Rumors , and Brooks Baseball .
Matt Jackson is a contributor to Beyond the Box Score . You can follow him on Twitter at @ jacksontaigu .
Allow me to wade into some very murky water .
Yesterday , Victorian police announced that the mother of toddler Sanaya Sahib confessed to killing her toddler daughter . Security camera footage which has been released and published in the media show her pushing her daughter in a pram to Darebin Creek , where Sanaya 's body was found , and returning with an empty pram . The story is heartbreaking , and there is little doubt , judging by the references made to the mother , that she is devastated , along with the rest of the family .
I am loath to politicise instances such as this , but if the mother of a boy bashed to death by his father can become Australian of the Year for her campaigning against violence against women , we must be allowed to ask a few obvious questions , to speak openly and frankly about the way our society deals with domestic violence .
Firstly , how many of you would be willing to bet money that Sanaya 's father will now become a high profile campaigner against violence against men ? Forget it… Instances of mothers killing their children is not unusual . One of the worst mass-murderers in Australian history murdered her seven children as well as a niece in Cairns in 2014 .
The fact that the often mutual nature , and the high rate of female initiated domestic violence is scandalously ignored , in favour of the party line on patriarchy , dirty jokes , Parliamentary enquiries into Barbie dolls , and rape culture , actually perpetuates domestic violence .
Secondly , if it were a man who had killed Sanaya , would you have expressed the hope that he would be raped in prison by a big black guy ? Is it sexist to wish the same on the mother ? Or is it sexist not to ? Or , is wishing anal rape on anybody , regardless of the crime , a horrible thing to say and out of all proportion to the crime ? As this social norm stands today , is this a tacit acceptance of the rape of male criminals ?
Thirdly , the reason many were suspicious of the mother 's tale from the start was her description of the person who had taken her baby as part of her alibi – “ a shoeless African man smelling of alcohol. ” Would n't a child snatcher plan meticulously and prefer to have their wits about them ? It is interesting that the mother would blame an “ African ? ” She is a Muslim . Does that mean Muslims are inclined to make racist assumptions about Africans ?
A “ white Hispanic ” in America was dragged through the courts , and damned on social media , for killing Trayvon Martin in self defence , but effectively charged with bringing on the whole ordeal himself because he racially profiled a black boy . Will the SJW 's now condemn Sanaya 's mother ?
Or did she say it was an African because she made an assumption that Aussies are racist against Africans , and would be more likely to believe her if she told them an African did it ? Perhaps he would have had more luck blaming it on a white nationalist…
These are harsh questions to ask . But the dominant narrative of domestic violence and racism that is told in the modern West is that domestic violence is carried out primarily by men , and white people are generally racist toward brown people . This is a story which does not fit this narrative . Depending on how committed one is to the narrative would determine whether you believe that this is just an isolated incident , accounted for by the qualifiers “ primarily ” and “ generally ” , or whether it causes you to question whether it is the narrative itself which is wrong .
Take it or leave it , terrorism is a religious global threat to humanity , irrespective of race and nationality .
Reportedly , Uganda is the latest ( and so far the 33rd ) country to get hit by terrorists , that 's if indeed the 7/11 Kampala bombings were carried out by the Al-Shabaab – an Islamist militant group – that expressed delight and claimed responsibility saying it 's a message to the Ugandan government to withdraw its troops from Mogadishu , Somalia . The bomb blasts killed at least 76 people and injured many others that were at Kyadondo rugby ground and the Ethiopian Village Restaurant in Kabalagala , on the unfortunate night when virtually everyone 's attention was on the 2010 World Cup final match between Spain and Netherlands or Paul the octopus !
Now the country is on a high security alert because the Al-Shabaab threatened to carry on with more attacks on Kampala and Bujumbura ( Burundi ) if the respective governments do not heed the message . Understandably , in the wake of the attack , Uganda 's President Gen.Yoweri Kaguta Museveni took time off his countrywide assessment tour of the Prosperity-For-All program in Ntungamo district and convened an emergence press conference to address the country on the security threat . Predictably , being the soldier he is ( ‘ once a soldier , always a soldier ' ) , Museveni vowed to deal with ( “ crush ” ) the Al-Shabaab in the biblical Moses ' an-eye-for-an-eye style by deploying more 20,000 troops in addition to the ones already in Somalia .
While addressing the AU summit in Kampala , Museveni again urged his fellow African leaders to join hands in getting rid of terrorists in Somalia and Africa , and so they agreed to deploy more 2000 troops . At the risk of sounding unpatriotically cynical , the war against terrorism is a tricky one that I reasonably doubt can be defeated through conventional warfare , especially in Africa . The USA , with all its military might and resources , tried this approach and failed , though they ca n't admit it . That poor Africa may succeed with the same costly approach is simply unrealistic . Question is , Which approach or counterterrorism idea is more effective than an-eye-for-an-eye ?
Well , to get a solution to a problem , one ought to understand its cause . And , let 's face it ; blind belief/faith is the root and breeding ground of terrorism , of which Africa is pretty vulnerable with plenty of potential terrorists ( a.k.a conservative believers ) .
Because , according to the holy scriptures ( both the Bible and Qur'an ) , a true believer in the supernatural Almighty ‘ God ' of the Abrahamic religions ( Judaism , Christianity and Islam ) will do whatever it takes , including ( and not limited to ) killing or dying to appease God or prove his/her strong belief in Him ( Yahweh or Allah ) , like Abraham ( `` the great grandfather of all believers '' ) who was willing to sacrifice his own son ; after all he/she would be abundantly rewarded for it in the hereafter ( heaven ) . That explains a lot about the terrorists ' spirit and actions such as suicide bombings . So terrorists believe they 're fighting a holy war ( jihad ) in the name of ‘ God ' , the ‘ God ' of Abraham or Ibrahim of the Bible and Qur'an !
It 's such shared and unquestioned beliefs that sustain evils like terrorism because terrorists use them to recruit other gullible believers , and Africa is full of believers of the kind .
Unfortunately , religion enjoys worldwide untouchable privilege or `` undeserved respect '' as Richard Dawkins calls it in his conscious-raising ( indeed ! ) book ‘ The God Delusion ‘ . An extract of the brilliant late Douglas Adam 's impromptu speech at Cambridge puts it well :
“ Religion… has certain ideas at the heart of which we call sacred or holy or whatever . What it means is , ‘ Here is an idea or a notion that you 're not allowed to say anything bad about ; you 're just not . Why not ? – because you 're not ! '…Yet when you look at it rationally there is no reason why those ideas should n't be as open to debate as any other , ”
…that 's what makes terrorism even more tricky !
Otherwise , in a nutshell , since prevention is better than cure , the most viable approach for curbing terrorism would be ensuring safety of the citizenry through security alert measures and mass sensitization against the deadly blind faith or beliefs that encourage it . That is , religion should be subjected to questioning so as to curb possible recruitment of the ignorant or gullible and vulnerable believers ; for all we know , the Al-Shabaabs and Al-Qaeda may have already recruited many Ugandans and Africans .
Hassan Higenyi
Advertisements
PHOENIX — Prosecutors say a man charged with orchestrating a shootout at an anti-Islam event in Texas wanted to join Islamic State and attack the Super Bowl .
The revelation at a court hearing for Abdul Malik Abdul Kareem shows that the Phoenix-based plot extended beyond last month 's shootout at a Prophet Muhammad cartoon event in Texas that led to the deaths of two roommates .
Prosecutors portrayed Abdul Kareem as motivated to join the burgeoning Islamic State movement as the terrorist group rampaged through the Middle East and gained a large following on social media . They obtained their information from a confidential informant .
Prosecutor Kristen Brook called Abdul Kareem “ off the charts dangerous. ” Defense lawyer Daniel Maynard calls it a trumped-up case based largely on an unreliable snitch .
The magistrate denied bail for Abdul Kareem , who is charged with conspiracy , making false statements and interstate transportation of firearms with intent to commit a felony .
A short period of exercise can increase a person 's implicit desire for desserts , according to a study published this July in the Journal of Health Psychology . The study provides the first evidence that a small amount of exercise increases approach motivation for dessert food images in college students .
Exercise can affect the attractiveness of food and has been shown to alter a person 's desire for certain types of food , as well as help with self-regulatory behaviors . However , research in this area has shown that exercise can both reduce urges for snacking and increase desirability for unhealthy foods .
This has led to the distinction between explicit and implicit food motivations . Explicit factors generally refer to cognitions that influence attitudes and motivations toward food , including personality differences , personal exercise motivations , or weight loss/maintenance goals . For example , a person may view exercise as way of justifying eating high-calorie foods or alternatively as a way to reduce consumption of high-calorie foods via a healthy lifestyle .
Implicit food motivations reflect physiological processes that underlie our behavior and are not influenced by our personality differences , goals , or attitudes . No previous studies have explored the relationship between exercise and implicit food motivations .
The study , led by Christine May from the University of Massachusetts Medical School , examined the effect of exercise on implicit approach motivation to dessert food images . 88 students were divided into 2 groups : one group rode a stationary bicycle for 20 minutes at a moderate intensity ; and the control group completed computerized working memory tasks for 20 minutes . Before and after this they all completed a test designed to measure their approach or avoidance tendencies toward either appetizing desserts ( chocolate , cake , ice cream and brownies ) or neutral items – the test assesses automatic/implicit motivational responses .
The results showed that the students randomized to the exercise condition became more approach oriented toward desserts compared to individuals in the cognitive task condition . This was even after controlling for group differences in disordered eating , task difficulty , and changes in negative affect .
“ The data from this study suggest that there is an implicit , “ bottom-up ” desire for food after a bout of exercise . From an evolutionary perspective , individuals need to consume energy ( i.e . calories ) in order to survive and maintain bodily functions ” , the researchers concluded . They also pointed out that the sample in the study consisted of mainly average weight undergraduates , and “ it is possible that these individuals had a natural inclination to replenish the calories they lost during exercise . ”
Scientists studying the trap-jaw spider captured slow-motion footage of the powerful strike it uses to capture its prey in order to study its evolution . ( Liang Bua Team and Hannah Wood/Smithsonian )
Mecysmaucheniidae spiders may be tiny , but they have some mighty powerful – and quick – jaws . A study published Thursday in Current Biology reports that this family of arachnids has evolved lightning-fast strikes on at least four occasions .
“ These are the fastest-known arachnids so far , ” lead author Hannah Wood , curator of spiders at the Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History , told Smithsonian Magazine .
[ These ‘ almost spiders ' hint at early arachnid evolution ]
Wood first started collecting Mecysmaucheniidae spiders – which she now dubs `` trap jaw '' spiders – a decade ago . The creepy crawlers had unusual looking jaws , and they sat around with them hanging open while they waited for prey . Wood wanted to know why .
This photo shows a new Mecysmauchenius new species . ( Courtesy of Hannah Wood )
Eventually about 100 of these spiders – some smaller than a grain of rice – were living in her apartment , and she started filming them using high-speed cameras . Earth Touch reports that some of the spiders were so tiny and delicate that Wood had to incite biting by poking them with eyelashes attached to a needle .
But all that painstaking poking and prodding paid off : Her footage showed that many species from the family snapped their jaws shut with speeds never before seen in spiders . The fastest one she caught on high-speed video could close its jaw in a tenth of a thousandth of a second .
Only about a third of the family has evolved these trap-like jaws – some take more than 100 times as long to close their jaws as the speediest spiders – but according to Wood 's genetic analysis , the quick biters come from four distinct lineages . In other words , this trait did n't evolve in one species and trickle down to its descendants : It evolved four times .
[ How many types of bugs live in your house right this minute ? Science weighs in . ]
And these spiders are not only quick , but also crazy strong . Wood and her colleagues found that the power output of the fastest jaws exceeded the power output of the spider 's muscles . That means that something about the jaw 's anatomy must allow it to store energy , in the same way that the compressed spring in a mouse trap holds enough energy to snap down on an unsuspecting rodent .
Chilarchaea quellon , now dubbed a `` trap jaw '' spider . ( Courtesy of Hannah Wood )
It will take more research to figure out just what makes these spiders so speedy – and why they evolved such snappy jaws while their cousins stayed slow .
Correction : An earlier version of this post stated that the fastest species can close their chelicerae in a tenth of a second , when in fact they can close their chelicerae in one tenth of a thousandth of a second .
Read More :
Why more than 30 kinds of spiders engage in ‘ bondage '
This beetle 's butt is basically a machine gun
These parasitic wasps turn spiders into web-building zombies
This scientist rates and describes insect stings as if they were fine wines
`` We have to understand . We have other patriots who love our country who have other ideas about how to solve our problems ... We 're patriots ; they 're patriots too . ''
That was my friend Van Jones , speaking about the Tea Party at the Summit on Jobs and America 's Future in Washington last week ( full disclosure : the conference was sponsored by the Campaign for America 's Future which I co-direct ) . His analysis of the Tea Party was insightful , generous , and focused on the debate on values and ideas that has to be waged across America . He disagreed with the Tea Party , but he did not disparage them .
Contrast that to the right-wing smear merchants that have gone into high gear to slime Van Jones . Jones has been a favorite target of Glenn Beck , Andrew Breitbart and many castigators on the right for over a year now . The most recent ad hominem slur from Breitbart was characteristically beyond the pale .
Van Jones is an extraordinary leader , so it is n't surprising that the right has targeted him . They did n't propagate the lies about Obama 's birth because he lost ; they propagated them because he won big and had to be brought down . They did n't target ACORN because it was ineffective ; they targeted it because it was the most effective organization registering and getting out the vote of minorities that increasingly feel locked out of the Republican Party . They do n't target Planned Parenthood because it is extreme ; they target it because it provides essential and popular family planning services that they bitterly oppose .
Like most progressives , I generally do n't listen to nor bother to respond to right-wing bile . But the campaign against Van Jones has been unrelenting and slanderous . Van is leading efforts to build a movement that will challenge the right , so the calumny will get worse . It is worth just once to set the record straight .
Van Jones is a father , a man of faith , an entrepreneur and innovator , author and life-long champion of the poor and disenfranchised . He graduated from Yale Law School , but he rose above it , to devote his life to making America better .
He has created three remarkable advocacy organizations : the Ella Baker Center for Human Rights , a California-based group working for alternatives to violence ; Color of Change , an on-line advocacy group for African Americans ; and Green For All , to promote the creation of a clean energy economy to drive economic growth and battle poverty .
Leaders like Van see farther than most of us . Van was one of the first to understand the potential of the green industrial revolution , and the opportunity it posed for those communities that had been largely locked out of the last industrial revolution . He authored a best-selling book that helped put the term `` Green-Jobs '' on the map . He advocated for the first-ever piece of Green-Jobs legislation , the `` Green Jobs Act of 2007 , which was signed into law by none other than President George W Bush . He joined in building the Apollo Alliance and then created Green for All to champion this cause . He accepted a position in the Obama White House to help drive clean and green solutions to our economic problems .
For this , he was targeted by Fox and featured on Glenn Beck 's backboard . They propagated the smears and lies that continue to this day . Rather than let the administration be dragged into that muck , Van Jones took the high road , corrected the record , and moved on . He now holds a joint appointment at Princeton University , as a distinguished visiting fellow in both the Center for African American Studies and in the Program in Science , Technology and Environmental Policy at the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs . Van is also a senior fellow at the Center For American Progress and a senior policy advisor at Green For All .
Van Jones has n't let the right intimidate him . His electric presentations are helping to galvanize a movement to rebuild the American Dream . And the greater his leadership , the more the right recycles the slurs and lies , the more he ignores them , the more rabid they get . Breitbart illustrates the hysteria , labeling Van a `` punk , '' `` human toxin , '' and a `` cockroach '' in the course of a brief interview .
But the right has perfected the art of the big lie , repeating a falsehood over and over until people begin to think there must be something to it . Three big lies are deployed regularly in their attempt to discredit Van Jones . They get recycled through the right wing sound machine . Seldom heard is the truth . So here is the truth .
Right-Wing Slur : Van is 9/11 Truther .
Truth : Van Jones believes and has stated repeatedly that the 9/11 terrorist attacks on our nation 's soil were planned and carried out by Osama bin Laden and members of Al Qaeda . He never saw , signed , or endorsed any statement indicating otherwise . Six years ago , a group claiming to represent 9/11 families asked for his support and then attached his name , without his knowledge or permission , to abhorrent language that they never showed him . The group has since admitted they do not have his signature .
Right-Wing Slur : Van is a `` Communist . ''
Truth : Van Jones is a leading champion of free market solutions and American innovation . His award-winning work is rooted in business-friendly , market-based ideas . His bestselling book , The Green-Collar Economy , argues that government should provide incentives for private sector innovation . Van has forged successful partnerships with green businesses and served on the board of a national business association . ( And is n't this slur beyond its expiration date ? The Soviet Union is no more ; the Cold War is over . Global corporations vie to gain a foothold in China still governed by so-called communists . Ca n't we can the 50s calumnies now that we 're in a new century ? )
Right-Wing Slur : Van Jones is an ex-convict .
Truth : Van Jones is a law-abiding citizen and has never been to prison or convicted of any crime . Van 's only scrape with the law was when he was wrongfully detained for four hours in a San Francisco warehouse where police held thousands of peaceful protesters in May 1992 . A Yale Law student at the time , Van had attended the event as a legal monitor . In a lawsuit , he won monetary compensation for his false imprisonment .
Of course , refutation wo n't stop the lies , just as the right will never stop questioning Obama 's citizenship .
Brian May , the guitarist with Queen , has revealed he has been undergoing tests for cancer after suffering agonising back pain .
The 66-year-old musician – who had a knee replacement earlier this year - revealed on his official website that the pain in his back was so bad that he was urged to go for MRI scans to rule out any chance that he might have cancer .
He wrote on BrianMay.com : ‘ Around Christmas I 've been having a succession of blood tests , ultrasounds , and various kinds of scans , to see if they could rule out various kinds of cancer .
`` Now , on hearing the `` C '' word something happens inside you … of course . I 've seen so many of my dear friends fighting it … and my Dad lost his battle at age 66 , exactly the age I am now . So over the last few days I 've been in various states of unrest .
`` But the great thing has been that the team my GP assembled to check out the possibilities has moved Heaven and Earth to gather all the information I need quickly over the Christmas period … not an easy time . ( sic ) ''
The Queen legend has his final test on Monday but admitted he is 'cautiously optimistic ' the doctors wo n't find anything cancerous .
He added : `` The REALLY great thing is that so far the tests have eliminated a lot of nasty things .
`` I have one more scan on Monday , but I 'm beginning to feel cautiously optimistic . Of course we still do n't know what those things on the MRI 's are . But I 'm hoping they are things that have been there for a long time and are not causing trouble . ( sic ) '
Since revealing the news , Brian – who is married to former EastEnders actress Anita Dobson – has been inundated with messages of goodwill , and he took to his website to thank his fans for their support .
He wrote : `` I feel like I have a whole new understanding of the way people - all people - deal with frightening news , and move on into the next place .
`` I know I wo n't be able to answer every message … but I thank you all from the bottom of my heart , and I 'm making a start on some replies now . ''
He said he would know more soon and was getting on with preparations for a forthcoming tour while he waited for the results .
Specialists have been `` really positive '' and told him that even if tests did reveal cancer , it would be `` almost certainly treatable with success '' , May added .
His publicist said he would not be making a statement in addition to the musician 's posts on his website .
For months , residents of Munjoy Hill have contended with a persistent stench wafting from the city 's main sewage treatment plant in the East End .
People have resorted to sleeping through hot summer nights with the windows firmly shut . Others have opted to spend free time in other parts of the city to escape the noxious fumes .
And while relief is on the way , the Portland Water District wo n't be able to resolve the problem until next year .
“ Every day , it 's awful , ” said Kyle Hardy , a Merrill Street resident . “ Especially during the evenings , it 's bad news . Very , very potent . ”
The water district says the smell can be blamed on an $ 11.4 million upgrade to the treatment plant 's aging aeration system . The system pumps air into wastewater , producing bacteria that eat pollution and emit odorless carbon dioxide .
But the 36-year-old system has trouble getting enough oxygen into the tanks , so bacteria continue to devour waste , but emit noxious gases such as hydrogen sulfide , said Scott Firmin , director of wastewater services .
The plant is also running at reduced capacity . Normally , it has three aeration tanks to handle wastewater . Currently , the treatment plant is running one new tank installed in August and one old tank .
The third tank is offline while contractors finish construction of a replacement . At reduced capacity , the facility has a hard time dealing with normal increases in flow .
“ If we had three tanks on right now , we would n't be getting odors on this level , ” Firmin said .
The district is directing as much sewage flow into the new tank as possible and will install extra aeration equipment on the old tank next week in an effort to control the smell .
But finishing the upgrade is the only way to control the odors , Firmin said . The district 's contractors expect the second new tank to be complete by December , and intend to work through the winter to have the third online by next spring , Firmin said .
“ I know to somebody concerned about odor , that seems like a long time , ” he said . “ I assure you we are doing everything , our engineer is doing everything , our contractor is doing everything , to keep this project moving along while doing it properly . ”
SPIKE IN COMPLAINTS
The water district has received 83 odor complaints since mid-June . It received only 25 complaints in the same period last year , according to water district figures . This summer 's complaints spiked at the end of July and in early August . Complaints rolled in again in mid-August , when one of the tanks was drained and solids were removed , Firmin said .
And complaints have surged again in the past two weeks , without a clear explanation . There were 16 complaints to the water district last week and more than a dozen submitted to the city of Portland 's online complaint service . A number of factors , including humidity , high temperatures and changes in wind direction , can exacerbate odors , but Firmin said he is n't sure exactly what 's to blame for the recent problem .
“ For some reason , in the last week or so , we 're getting an uptick in the number of complaints and I 've noticed an increase of odors , ” Firmin said .
There was no hint of stench in the air Thursday afternoon on Munjoy Hill , although residents doubted the relief would last long . Many were n't even sure where it was coming from , or if it was a permanent part of the neighborhood .
Once known as a rough , working-class neighborhood , Munjoy Hill has become one of Portland 's most desirable places to live . That has coincided with new condominium developments , expensive home restoration projects and soaring rents .
Andrew Crust moved to Portland 's East End from Montreal two weeks ago , and the smell was one of the first things he noticed . It has n't ruined his time in the city , but it did make him wonder about his new home .
“ I wondered , is that a normal smell ? ” he said .
This is n't the first time the wastewater treatment plant has produced offensive smells in the neighborhood . In 2012 , the water district hired a consultant to examine odor at the plant after a wave of complaints that summer . But based on the volume of complaints , this might be one of the smelliest summers in recent memory .
John Harvey , who lives in Munjoy Commons , thought the smell this year was something unique .
“ At first I thought , ‘ What went in Back Bay and died ? ' ” Harvey said . There have been times when he 's woken up in the middle of the night because of the smell invading his bedroom .
“ When the wind blows the right way , the next thing you know the whole apartment smells , ” he said .
He 's also frustrated with the pace of progress at the plant , and said the water district 's contractors should be working faster to get it fixed .
AT THE WIND 'S MERCY
According to residents , the smell comes and goes . It can be intolerable for a day or two , then ease , only to come back with a vengeance when the wind changes .
Brandon Sweeney and Brittany Buotte said they , like the rest of the neighborhood , have been dealing with the smell all summer , but it has gotten worse in the past two weeks .
“ I 've had to close my windows at night , ” Sweeney said . “ We expect the smell of saltwater , ocean , and we get this . ”
It seems wherever he goes in the neighborhood , the smell is bad , Sweeney said . He 's taken to spending a lot of time away from the hill to escape it .
Buotte , who lives on the West End of the city , said she notices the stench every time she comes to Munjoy Hill . “ You can almost taste it , ” she said .
Despite the problem , Sweeney is not thinking about moving out . “ As long as they are working on it , that 's fine with me , ” he said .
Kristi Zarrilli moved into her Melbourne Street apartment in July , and noticed the reek immediately . “ It is horrible , it 's not something you can sit comfortably with , ” she said .
Still , considering everything else Munjoy Hill has going for it , Zarrilli is willing to deal with some smelly nights and just hopes someone fixes the problem .
“ I like Portland too much to leave . Everything is perfect , minus the smell you get , ” she said .
Correction : This story was updated at 8:55 a.m. on Friday , Sept. 9 , 2016 , to correct the type of gas emitted by wastewater .
Share
filed under :
A New York City substitute teaching assistant was fired on Saturday night hours after she was accused of having sex with a mentally ill 14-year-old student inside her apartment in the Bronx .
The police charged the woman , Maria Contreras , 29 , with six counts of second-degree rape for each time she had sexual intercourse with the student , who is male . She also faces two counts of second-degree criminal sex acts with a minor for oral sex the two performed on each other , the police said . All of the charges are felonies .
Ms. Contreras , who worked as a substitute paraprofessional at the Bronx Academy of Letters , was arrested shortly before 7 p.m. on Saturday and taken to the Bronx Special Victims Bureau , where she was awaiting transfer to central booking , the police said . It was not known whether she had a lawyer .
`` These allegations are incredibly disturbing , ” Devora Kaye , a spokeswoman for the Department of Education , said by email on Saturday night . “ Ms . Contreras has been removed from her position and will no longer be employed ” by the department . She said education officials are helping with the police investigation .
On the heels of the rollout of Android Honeycomb 3.1 to Motorola Xoom users , Google has released the corresponding update to the Android SDK .
This is being released as an add-on to the existing SDK , so developers can make sure their apps will be up to date with the latest and greatest .
In addition to the host of features which we told you about earlier which will now be available to developers , Honeycomb 3.1 will include the following new and updated user features :
UI Refinements
Numerous enhancements to the UI to improve efficiency and make the interface more intuitive . Improvements to launcher animations , ease of visibility and improved audible feedback further add to ease of use .
Connectivity for USB Accessories
Support is now added for many more USB devices , including , keyboards , mice , and digital cameras . Virtually any USB peripherals can be supported , by applications built on top of the OS ' native USB support .
Expanded Recent Apps List
The recent apps list now retains many more items , and includes `` touchable '' thumbnails .
Resizable Home Screen Widgets
This sounds like a feature which users of alternative launcher apps are already familiar with , now native in Android 3.1 .
Support for external keyboards and pointing devices
Including scroll wheel and trackball devices .
Support for joysticks and gamepads
Yes , this means your PlayStation and XBox Controllers .
Robust Wi-Fi Networking
Speed and performance improved , especially for streaming media
Updated Set of Standard Apps
Browser - UI improvements , added support for standards like CSS 3D , animations , CSS Fixed Positioning , and HTML5 video playback . Pages can be saved for offline viewing .
Gallery - Now supports Picture Transfer Protocol ( PTP ) , for one-touch import of pictures from external digital cameras .
Calendar - Larger grids , better readability and ease of use .
Contacts - Now allows full text search of all fields .
Email - improved compatibility for HTML email , IMAP improvements , enhanced Home Screen widget .
Enterprise Support
Includes improvements to HTTP proxy and Wi-Fi access .
Let us know if you 're developing apps for the new 3.1 platform , and what your experiences are .
Source : Android Developers Blog
Nemanja Vidic is still at least one week short of making his Manchester United comeback
Manchester United defender Nemanja Vidic is still short of full fitness
The Serbia international was being touted for a comeback in United 's Champions League clash against Cluj on Wednesday evening after more than two months on the sidelines following knee surgery .
However , Ferguson says the 31-year-old is still short of full fitness and will not be considered for this weekend 's derby clash against Manchester City either .
`` I do not think he will play , '' said Ferguson . `` He feels he needs another few days ' training .
`` He will not play in the derby if he does n't play on Wednesday , although I was n't considering him for Sunday anyway . ''
Ferguson also confirmed that Japan midfielder Shinji Kagawa has an outside chance of being involved in the derby after returning from a knee injury of his own .
`` He 's showing good promise now . It is much better and I do n't think he is far away , '' said Ferguson .
UPDATE 12/11/2014 : The contest winner has been selected and announced here ! Congratulations !
UPDATE 12/7/2014 : The contest is over and the winner will be announced soon . Thanks for entering !
Friend of the show and 3rd Party Transformers toy designer Christian Brock of Wu Long Toys is partnering with 3D printing company Shapeways to provide an online toy design course in January 2015 . He is graciously offering one scholarship spot for the class for free ( value $ 50 ) to a lucky listener of our podcast ! If you have an interest in toy design and 3D modeling this is an opportunity you do n't want to miss ! For more information on the course check out Christian 's blog .
To enter the contest fill out this entry form . A Google account is required to sign up for the course , so it is also required to enter this contest . Listening to our podcast is not required to win , but we 'd appreciate it if you 'd try an episode or two !
Email addresses will not be shared with a third party or used for any purpose other than to contact the contest winner . The winner will be randomly selected from all the contest entries received .
All entries must be received by Saturday , December 6 , 2014 11:59pm Eastern Standard Time ( Sunday , December 7 , 2014 4:59am GMT ) .
Past guests and guest hosts of the TransMissions podcast and any people who work on official Transformers products or media are not eligible .
Good luck !
GETTY Schulz is pushing for the EU to have more power to unite the Union
Schulz wants to transfer more authority to Brussels in a desperate bid to keep the troubled union together . The 60-year-old hopes to introduce a common company tax rate and end national vetoes on EU foreign policy .
Schulz drew up the plan with Sigmar Gabriel , the vice-chancellor of Germany and Social Democratic Party , who is likely to stand in next year 's election against Angela Merkel at he next general election in Germany . Two German newspapers have called for Jean-Claude Juncker to be forced out and figures close to Merkel say that she would rather have a different commission president , but Schulz is understood to be more supportive of the Luxemburger .
GETTY Merkel is hoping for more independent nations but Schulz wants an EU superstate
We need an ambitious and powerful thrust and not a timid patchwork Martin Schulz
Schulz said : “ We need an ambitious and powerful thrust and not a timid patchwork . We must continue to work so that the European Commission will be transformed into a true European government. ” The plans echo Juncker 's claims that the EU is struggling to resolve the Euro and migrant crises because it is not strong enough .
GETTY Schulz 's comments are seen as a dig at Merkel , who he is hoping to unseat
It directly contradicts many EU leaders , such as Merkel , who believe the Brussels block should deliver concrete results rather than make another power grab . Schulz 's push for a greater federal system , making national governments a “ second chamber ” to the European parliament , was drawn up before the British referendum but has been released now to push for a closer union .
He wants national vetoes of EU foreign policy to be scrapped so that Europe speaks with “ one voice ” . The ten point plan includes stronger measures to seize assets in tax havens and to harmonise company tax — contrasting sharply with George Osborne 's plans to reduce corporation tax in Britain .
Vancouver , B.C . - Vancouver Canucks General Manager Jim Benning announced today that the club has signed forward Thomas Vanek to a one-year contract worth a value of $ 2,000,000 .
`` Thomas has been a prolific scorer throughout his career and we 're excited to add his offence and experience to help with the continued growth of our forwards , '' said Benning . `` His skill and ability to contribute on the scoresheet , combined with his lead-by-example style will help our team this year , and will benefit our younger players as they continue to develop their game . ''
Thomas Vanek , 33 , recorded 48 points ( 17-31-48 ) in 68 games split between Florida ( 2-8-10 in 20 games ) and Detroit ( 15-23-38 in 48 games ) . His 15 goals ranked seventh among Red Wings skaters on the season . Since entering the League in 2006.07 , the 6-2 , 218-pound forward has ranked 10th in goals ( 333 ) and second in powerplay goals ( 129 ) .
In 885 NHL regular season games split between Florida , Detroit , Minnesota , Montreal , the New York Islanders , and Buffalo , Vanek has recorded 697 points ( 333-364-697 ) .
A native of Vienna , Austria , Vanek was originally selected by Buffalo in the first round ( fifth overall ) at the 2003 NHL Entry Draft
Dist . 211 setting up private changing room for transgender student
hello
A transgender student has filed a federal complaint against Palatine-Schaumburg High School District 211 over access to school locker rooms . The district said Monday it will provide the student with a private changing area , in violation of federal regulations . Daily Herald File Photo , 2013
Palatine-Schaumburg High School District 211 is refusing to comply with a U.S. Department of Education order to allow a female transgender student access to a girls ' locker room at school , a decision that could cost the district $ 6 million in federal funding .
A federal mandate from the Department of Education 's Office of Civil Rights states that under Title IX requirements , transgender students should have full access to sex-specific locker rooms .
Instead , District 211 says it will provide the student with a private area to change `` to protect the privacy rights of all students when changing clothes or showering before or after physical education and after-school activities , while also providing accommodations necessary to meet the unique needs of individual students , '' according to a statement issued by the district Monday .
`` This is blatant , plain-old discrimination , '' said John Knight , director of ACLU Illinois ' LGBT program , which is handling the student 's case .
`` They are telling a student that she ca n't be with her friends at school but has to be relegated to a separate place to dress . That 's just a horrible thing to do . ''
Knight said the ACLU will continue to fight for the student 's rights .
The student initially filed a complaint with the Department of Education 18 months ago . According to the ACLU , the department found that the school discriminated against the student in denying her access to the girls ' locker rooms for gym class and competitive sports .
The district decided to go public Monday while students were out of school for Columbus Day , Superintendent Dan Cates said . A letter of enforcement is expected later this week from the Department of Education , he said .
`` We believe that we would be compromising other students ' privacy if we did this . We do not believe we are discriminating , '' Cates said , adding that there are transgender students in each of District 211 's five high schools . `` They are asking us to have opposite-sex students in the same open area of the locker room and showers . We do not do that . ''
Neither the district nor ACLU is identifying the student or which school she attends .
Knight said this is the first time he has seen a school district go against the Department of Education on this issue .
`` It is very rare given that the Department of Education can take away a school 's federal funding , '' he said . `` They are knowingly breaking the law . Not only is it illegal , but it is extremely harmful to a student . ''
Cates said he knows what the district is risking by refusing to comply , but he is standing by the will of the District 211 's elected officials .
`` We are very hopeful that we are going to be able to work to find a solution before this gets to the matter of funding , '' Cates said . `` If we were to implement OCR 's unilateral mandate of unconditional access , we believe it sacrifices both student privacy and overrides the will of our local board of education . ''
School board President Mucia Burke said the decision not to obey the federal mandate was reached collectively by the board and district administration .
`` In this particular case , we just do n't agree that the federal government should be dictating where we should be going , and that it 's not in the best interest of all students to have unrestricted access to the locker rooms , '' Burke said . `` This is really uncharted waters . ''
Burke said District 211 has been complying with all federal directives concerning transgender students except unrestricted access to locker rooms . Transgender students in District 211 can change their name , use the bathroom of the gender with which they identify , as there are private stalls , and participate in sex-identified sports teams according to IHSA policy .
A transgender student is student who consistently and uniformly asserts a gender identity different from the student 's assigned sex , or for which there is documented legal or medical evidence that the gender identity is sincerely held as part of the student 's core identity , according to the district 's statement .
`` We understand how difficult this is for all students , and we are sensitive to the needs of all students , '' Burke said . `` This is really not about one particular student ; it 's about the rights of all students . ''
One of the board 's newest members , Peter Dombrowski , said all board members agreed with the decision .
`` At the end of the day , regardless of money , our job is to balance everybody 's needs , '' Dombrowski said . `` The whole board is on board for this . We 're at a consensus . I do n't see anyone not willing to go through the next step of the process . ''
Since District 211 has refused to comply with the mandate , the next step is in the Office of Civil Rights ' court to determine whether litigation , revoking funds or another punishment is necessary . Representatives from the Department of Education were not available to comment Monday because of the federal holiday .
District 211 has a $ 240 million budget , so the $ 6 million in federal funding makes up a small portion of its total revenue . Cates said it would be `` unconscionable '' for the government to revoke funding for at-risk students over this issue , but he is n't willing to back down , either .
`` Our principles that we stand on are the ones that define who we are , '' he said .
Cates , who started his education career as a school psychologist , said he understands the difficulties facing transgender students , but that his responsibility is to all of the district 's 12,000 students .
Knight and the ACLU say understanding the difficulties of transgender students is not enough .
`` There was a day when students were told they could n't use the restroom because of their race , '' Knight said . `` This is not the same thing exactly , but it is similarly harmful . To tell someone that they have to be singled out for different treatment is very stigmatizing , and that is the kind of discrimination we have here . ''
The student who filed the complaint has identified as female since a very early age and has been living full time as a girl for several years , the ACLU said .
`` She is well accepted among students . It is really just the school that has a problem at this point , '' Knight said .
`` This is an emerging issue for schools across the state and the nation , '' Cates admitted .
At Barrington Area Unit School District 220 , the needs of transgender students enrolled at the elementary , middle and high school levels are addressed on a case-by-case basis , Superintendent Brian Harris said .
`` Each kid is different . Every situation is a little different , '' he said . Harris said students at Barrington High School who want to change in a private area can , but if they want to change in the locker room of their gender identity , they can choose that as well . He declined to comment on the situation in neighboring District 211 .
Each case in District 220 is handled administratively , not by the school board , and there have been no complaints from students about the issue , he said .
`` Quite frankly , kids are really tolerant . Kids are amazing . This is not a kid issue . This is an adult issue , '' Harris said . `` This is just one of the many issues we work through to accommodate the needs of our students . ''
• Daily Herald staff writer Eric Peterson contributed to this report .
Quote :
Why lobsters are n't food
BY DAVE BARRY
I am pleased to report that the scientific community has finally stopped wasting time on the origins of the universe and started dealing with the important question , which is : Are lobsters really just big insects ?
I have always maintained that they are . I personally see no significant difference between a lobster and , say , a giant Madagascar hissing cockroach , which is a type of cockroach that grows to approximately the size of William Howard Taft ( 1857-1930 ) . If a group of diners is sitting in a nice restaurant , and the waiter were to bring them each a freshly killed , steaming-hot Madagascar hissing cockroach , they would not put on silly bibs and eat it with butter . No , they would run , retching , directly from the restaurant to the All-Nite Drive-Thru Lawsuit Center . And yet these very same people will pay $ 24.95 apiece to eat a lobster , despite the fact that it displays all three of the classic biological characteristics of an insect , namely :
1 . It has way more legs than necessary .
2 . There is no way you would ever pet it .
3 . It does not respond to simple commands such as , `` Here , boy ! ''
I do not eat lobsters , although I once had a close call . I was visiting my good friends Tom and Pat Schroth , who live in Maine ( state motto : `` Cold , But Damp '' ) . Being generous and hospitable people , Tom and Pat went out and purchased , as a special treat for me , the largest lobster in the history of the Atlantic Ocean , a lobster that probably had been responsible for sinking many commercial vessels before it was finally apprehended by nuclear submarines . This lobster was big enough to feed a coastal Maine village for a year , and there it was , sprawling all over my plate , with scary insectoid legs and eyeballs shooting out in all directions , while Tom and Pat , my gracious hosts , smiled happily at me , waiting for me to put this thing in my mouth .
Remember when you were a child , and your mom would n't let you leave the dinner table until you ate all your Brussels sprouts , and so you took your fork and mashed them into smaller and smaller pieces in hopes of eventually reducing them to individual Brussels-sprout molecules that would be absorbed into the atmosphere and disappear ? That was similar to the approach I took with the giant lobster .
'' Mmmm-MMMM ! '' I said , hacking away at the thing on my plate and , when nobody was looking , concealing the pieces under my dinner roll , in the salad , in my napkin , anywhere I could find .
Tom and Pat , I love you dearly , and if you should ever have an electrical problem that turns out to be caused by a seven-pound wad of old lobster pieces stuffed into the dining-room wall socket , I am truly sorry .
Anyway , my point is that lobsters have long been suspected , by me at least , of being closet insects , which is why I was very pleased recently when my alert journalism colleague Steve Doig referred me to an Associated Press article concerning a discovery by scientists at the University of Wisconsin .
The article , headlined `` Gene Links Spiders and Flies to Lobsters , '' states that not only do lobsters , flies , spiders , millipedes , etc. , contain the exact same gene , but they also are all descended from a single common ancestor : Howard Stern .
No , seriously , the article states that the ancestor `` probably was a wormlike creature . '' Yum ! Fetch the melted butter !
And that is not all . According to articles sent in by alert readers ( this was on the front page of The New York Times ) , scientists in Denmark recently discovered that some lobsters have a weird little pervert organism living on their lips . Yes . I did n't even know that lobsters had lips , but it turns out that they do , and these lips are the stomping ground of a tiny creature called Symbion pandora ( literally , `` a couple of Greek words '' ) . The zoology community , which does not get out a lot , is extremely excited about Symbion pandora , because it reproduces differently from all other life forms .
According to various articles , when Symbion pandora is ready to have a baby , its digestive system `` collapses and is reconstituted into a larva , '' which the parent then gives birth to by `` extruding '' it from its `` posterior . '' In other words -- correct me if I am wrong here -- this thing basically reproduces by pooping .
So to summarize : If you 're looking for a hearty entree that 1 ) is related to spiders , 2 ) is descended from a worm and 3 ) has mutant baby-poopers walking around on its lips , then you definitely want a lobster . I myself plan to continue avoiding them , just as I avoid oysters , which are clearly -- scientists should look into this next -- members of the phlegm family . Have you ever seen oysters reproduce ? Neither have I , but I would not be surprised to learn that the process involves giant undersea nostrils .
And do n't get me started on clams . Recently , I sat across from a person who was deliberately eating clams . She 'd open up a shell , and there , in plain view , would be this stark naked clam , brazenly showing its organs , like a high-school biology experiment . My feeling is that if a restaurant is going to serve those things , it should put little loincloths on them .
I believe that Mother Nature gave us eyes because she did not want us to eat this type of food . Mother Nature clearly intended for us to get our food from the `` patty '' group , which includes hamburgers , fish sticks and McNuggets -- foods that have had all of their organs safely removed someplace far away , such as Nebraska . That is where I stand on this issue , and if any qualified member of the lobster , clam or phlegm-in-a-shell industry wishes to present a rebuttal , I hereby extend this offer : Get your own column .
Civil disobedience protests were held inside and outside Republican senators ' offices concerning the health-care bill . ( Melina Mara/The Washington Post )
It seems everyone at the various health-care protests in Washington this week brought a story .
The Pennsylvania man who relied on the Affordable Care Act for his dialysis and was willing to get arrested so his senator understood the legislation was life and death . The D.C. woman who feared that her 27-year-old , nonverbal , autistic brother would be forced into an institution without Medicaid . And the Arlington father , Rick Hodges , who wondered if the Republican-proposed health-care bill would afford his teenage daughter with Down syndrome the opportunity to live a semi-independent life as an adult .
“ It 's about so much more than health insurance , ” Hodges said . “ She has a preexisting condition . The country has chosen Medicaid to be the source of funding for people with disabilities . That 's terrifying for people with disabilities and their families . ”
Hodges joined a rally Wednesday in front of the U.S. Capitol urging the Senate to reject health-care legislation curbed in the Senate , which the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates would leave 22 million more people uninsured by 2026 . It was one in a string of legal and illegal protests on Capitol Hill this week decrying the bill .
[ How the push for a Senate health-care vote fell apart amid GOP tensions ]
( The Washington Post )
On Wednesday , U.S. Capitol Police arrested 40 people who blocked hallways in Senate office buildings demanding to meet with their senators .
“ Please Mr. Toomey , do n't let me die . Sen. Toomey , will you kill me ? ” a group of about 10 Pennsylvania protesters with severe illnesses chanted in front of the office of Sen. Patrick J. Toomey ( R-Pa. ) . U.S. Capitol Police officers dragged protesters away in handcuffs as they chanted , “ Kill the bill , do n't kill me . ”
Similar protests were staged in the offices of Sens . Rob Portman ( R-Ohio ) , Tom Cotton ( R-Ark . ) , Marco Rubio ( R-Fla. ) and Lisa Murkowski ( R-Alaska ) .
Eva Malecki , a spokeswoman for U.S. Capitol Police , said officers responded to numerous incidents of protests in office buildings , making arrests if demonstrators did not leave when asked .
“ After officers arrived on the scene , they warned the demonstrators to cease and desist with their unlawful demonstration activities , ” Malecki wrote in a statement , saying that protesters were charged with crowding , obstructing or incommoding . “ Those who refused to cease and desist were placed under arrest . ”
Later in the afternoon on Wednesday , hundreds of demonstrators gathered in front of the Capitol for a rally organized by Planned Parenthood , the American Civil Liberties Union and other progressive groups . The Senate bill would block federal funding to the women 's health organization .
Protesters said the fact that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) delayed a vote on the legislation until after the July 4 recess meant protests were working .
People protest the health-care bill . ( Melina Mara/The Washington Post )
“ It 's a sign of how powerful people 's voices can be , ” said Erica Sackin , director of political communications at Planned Parenthood . “ But it 's too soon to claim victory . The bill is moving fast , and it may have been delayed , but we know that the fight 's not over . ”
[ In the Trump era , a D.C. group has formed to help activists plan their protests ]
Several high-profile Democrats spoke at Wednesday 's rally , including Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer ( N.Y. ) , Rep. John Lewis ( Ga. ) , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( Calif. ) , and Sens . Chris Murphy ( Conn. ) and Cory Booker ( N.J. ) .
“ If there is no struggle , there is no progress , ” Booker said , quoting a famous line by Frederick Douglass .
At a 23-hour interfaith prayer vigil nearby , clergy members and community leaders prayed that Medicaid would be preserved and the Senate would reject the health-care legislation . The vigil was to end Thursday afternoon .
Earlier in the week , protesters dressed as women from “ The Handmaid 's Tale ” stormed Capitol Hill as part of a protest organized by Planned Parenthood . In the novel and subsequent TV series , a right-wing religious group rules the country and fertile women are forced into reproductive servitude .
Last week , more than 40 disability advocates were arrested in front of McConnell 's office after the protesters , most of whom had a disability , removed themselves from wheelchairs and staged a “ die-in . ”
Raquel Bernstein , a policy intern for the National Council for Independent Living who attended Wednesday 's rally in front of the Capitol , said the bill would devastate many in the disability community who rely on Medicaid to live independently . Bernstein , 22 , has arthrogryposis and is covered by her parents ' insurance .
“ The last thing people want to do is go to institutions , ” she said . “ They would go without care and die before going to an institution . ”
Image copyright Bernard White Image caption The aircraft crashed in a field in Weston Hills , near Spalding
A US military aircraft has crashed in a field near houses and a school in Lincolnshire .
Witnesses saw the F-15D come down in a field off Broad Gate , Weston Hills , near Spalding at about 15:30 BST .
The pilot ejected from the aircraft and police said he had escaped with very minor injuries .
The US Air Force said the jet was from the 48th Fighter Wing based at RAF Lakenheath in Suffolk and had crashed during a combat training exercise .
Image caption The aircraft was based at RAF Lakenheath in Suffolk
Base commander Col Robert Novotny said : `` We 're very fortunate , our pilot ejected ... he 's in fine spirits . ''
He added that it was unclear what had caused the crash .
An HH-60G Pave Hawk helicopter transported the pilot back safely to the base where he is being treated .
Witness Janet Prescott said : `` It 's frightening to think that the jet has passed over houses and the village school . Who knows how that jet could have come down .
`` From the point he ejected to where the plane came down is probably a mile . That jet has continued flying with no-one in it .
`` It could have hit any one of a number of houses . Thank God it did n't . ''
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The USAF jet crashed about 15:30 BST
Weston Hills Church of England Primary School was evacuated but a member of staff said everyone at the school was fine .
Shaun Gough , whose twin five-year-old daughters are pupils at the school , said part of the aircraft 's wing had landed in the field about 400yds ( 365m ) away .
`` It was coming down from the sky backwards like it was out of control in a spin , '' said Mr Gough .
`` There were two aircraft which had been circling around most the afternoon and there was a roar , then silence , which made us look across . ''
Image copyright RAF WADDINGTON INFO Image caption The parachute from the plane 's ejector seat tangled in a telegraph wire
`` I was watching when it came down back end first , and when you 're standing watching it come down close to your daughters ' school it 's pretty horrendous , '' he said .
`` When my wife went to the school to pick up my daughter she said the black smoke was blowing across the car park and into the school .
`` I 've seen a Sea King helicopter land and pick somebody up . I 'm guessing it 's the pilot . ''
At the scene
Bernard White , who had earlier seen the plane go up in a `` fireball '' , said Weston Hills was now in `` lockdown '' .
He said police officers asked him to leave his house due to `` acrid smoke '' but he refused .
Mr White said he saw American military vehicles enter the village . A number of firefighters were at the scene but he said everything had since `` quietened down '' .
Lincolnshire Police advised people to avoid the area as fumes from the fire may be hazardous .
A statement said : `` The plane has come down in an isolated rural area and no premises have been affected .
`` The plane belongs to the US Air Force based at RAF Lakenheath and the pilot has escaped with only very minor injury . ''
Bernard White , who was working at home in Weston Hills , said he heard `` a scream '' overhead .
`` The aircraft seemed low and then it went 'woof ' like a big thump , '' he said .
`` I looked out the kitchen window and it was down . I saw a parachute in the distance . [ The aircraft ] was a fireball but now looks incredibly intact . ''
The US Air Force said the plane crashed at 15:28 while conducting a combat training mission .
A statement said : `` One person was on board the aircraft at the time and ejected safely .
`` A board of qualified officers will investigate the accident . ''
Image copyright Mark Rourke Image caption The aircraft was a two-seater plane from RAF Lakenheath
If you 're having problems just coming up with a suitable place to safely store your family 's photo collection , then think what it would be like storing the 15 million photographs , negatives and glass plates that make up this Corbis collection !
PopPhoto recently posted this video from CBS “ The Early Show ” that gives us a rare look inside of Iron Mountain , a 150 acre maximum security cold storage facility ( vault ) 220 feet below ground in Boyers , Pennsylvania in what used to be a limestone mine . These photos that are stored in a part of this space go back to the 19th century — 150 years — covering celebrities , athletes , presidents and iconic historical moments .
Take a look at this fascinating 6 minutes of video :
© CBS “ The Early Show ” / Problems playing video ? try here
I 've seen this video several times now and every time I watch it , I think the same thing — I 'm so glad someone is looking out for these photos !
If you did n't catch it , 4:00 minutes into the video , Ken Johnston , the chief historian and archivist that oversees the collection , says that 99 % of the collection is made up of images where the photographer who took them is unknown .
Does n't that almost seem hard to believe ! ?
Some of us can hardly take care of our own collections made up of maybe only several thousand photos . But here are 13+ million photographs that have been orphaned , and if all goes well , according to Ken they now have the chance of lasting for thousands of years .
Origin of This Corbis Collection
Bill Gates founded the company Interactive Home Systems in 1989 , which was later renamed Corbis ( Latin for “ wicker basket ” ) , because he believed the future of artwork in people 's homes would be a revolving display of images . The company would eventually “ beam ” great art works of human history to large television monitors decorating our walls .
While this technology was being developed , Corbis began acquiring the rights to millions of these images . They also license them for a fee to publishing , television and film companies who need specific images for their work .
The Tonight Show Treatment A little side note here that might interest some . The first time I heard about the storage of masters in old mines was when I found out the resting place for all of the surviving videotape masters for “ The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. ” Twenty or so years of the thirty year run of this show are safely archived in a salt mine 650 feet below ground in Hutchinson , Kansas . I was also very happy to learn — the huge fan I was of this show when I was growing up — that all 3,300 hours of these Tonight Show videotapes have been digitized . So hopefully , someday , us fans will be able to get a hold of some more DVD box sets ! Or even better , how about re-running The Tonight Show every weekday at 11:30 p.m. on TV Land ! ?
Never-ending Deterioration
In “ The Top 13 Reasons Why You Should Already Be Scanning Your Photo Collection , ” I mentioned deterioration as a serious motivator . Time just wo n't stop for the aging process .
At 3:34 minutes into the video you saw how even well-cared for photos are almost ruined . This should be a wake-up call to any of us who are still dragging our feet to start digitizing our collection .
Considering how cautious I have become with my own collection , I thought it was almost surprising that Ken does n't feel it 's necessary to wear protective gloves when handling these historically important negatives and prints . Are finger oils and prints not a concern this far below ground ? Or maybe he was concerned they would make him look dainty on camera .
Who “ Owns ” History ?
What I especially enjoyed was the discussion at the end of the video between the two anchors . If you did n't watch the video , it was about the controversy with some with how much of this collection was purchased by the billionaire Bill Gates , and was then moved from New York and stuffed down in this 45 degree underground vault in the middle of nowhere .
Some of the worry was probably that these historical artifacts may never see the light of day . And I think a lot of that went away when they saw how much of it was being digitized and given access to by the public . And when things are digitized , quite often it actually means more access than before because of searchability and more convenient access .
But , I think the real remaining uneasiness comes down to a more fundamental concern and that is :
No matter how much credit Corbis deserves for preserving such an important collection , should any one company really have the right to “ own ” and control this much history ?
What do you think ? I would love to hear your thoughts .
Updated to add : We 've had some issues accepting comments for this post ( blame Eben , who , unbeknown to the rest of us , was doing something he thought was clever to the WordPress database ) . Comments are open again : please pile in !
Liz : Here 's a post from Rob Bishop . Read it thoroughly if you 'd like to be a NOOBS v1.3 beta tester – and get downloading !
Earlier in the year we released our New Out of Box Software ( known as NOOBS ) , which was designed to make it easier to install operating systems for the Raspberry Pi without having to worry about manually imaging your SD card unless you explicitly wanted to . After a really positive response to this from the community , we 've been working hard to make NOOBS even more powerful without compromising on its ease of use and intuitive interface .
The ultimate aim for NOOBS is to make it simple for anyone to get going on a Pi – regardless of their level of prior knowledge . We hope to do this through providing intuitive options for setting up everything from language and keyboard layout through to getting your display working and installing an OS . NOOBS is n't about “ dumbing down ” the Pi : it 's about unlocking its potential and making computing even more accessible by breaking down the effort barrier that stops people from ever getting started .
I 'm really pleased that today we are ready to show the work that we 've been doing to move us closer to that aim , and can announce the beta release of the next version of NOOBS .
Given that NOOBS is aimed at those who are complete beginners to both computing and the Pi , we know that it 's imperative that the software is as reliable and robust as possible . This means that we need your help ! In order to ensure that we only recommend stable , tested software to beginners , we 're initially launching this release of NOOBS in beta to the community , and will continue to recommend using the v1.2.1 release for those new to the Pi . That 's why the v1.3 beta release can only be downloaded using the links below , and why the v1.2.1 release is still shown at raspberrypi.org/downloads . Pending any major issues arising during this initial feedback period , we can then transition to using the v1.3 release as the default version that we recommend to all users .
So , without further ado , here 's a short description of the awesome new features to be found in NOOBS v1.3 :
– Multiple OSes can now be installed simultaneously and easily switched between at boot . Unlike BerryBoot , NOOBS allows each OS to use its own kernel meaning that non-Linux based OSes such as RISC OS are also supported .
– OSes can now be installed via the internet from our central OS repository ( located at downloads.raspberrypi.org ) . Note that this requires a wired Ethernet connection at present .
– OSes are now available in multiple “ flavours ” – including a “ Boot to Scratch ” option for Raspbian at launch . Additional flavours adding support for features such as Google 's Coder are also planned for the future . The ability to create different OS flavours means that OS maintainers can now provide tailored versions of their OSes that are designed to support a specific use case or user group . A great example of this is the “ Boot to Scratch ” option that provides a quick , easy and distraction-free route to running MIT 's Scratch program on the Pi with minimal set-up or prior knowledge .
– Creating a custom version of a NOOBS OS distribution that can be installed via NOOBS is now significantly easier ( as is producing a NOOBS restorable backup of an existing OS install ) . This is due to NOOBS now populating partitions using compressed tarballs of filesystems rather than having to handle images directly . For instructions on how to do this please see : https : //github.com/raspberrypi/noobs/blob/master/README.md .
– The keyboard layout can now be set via the NOOBS interface in the same way that language selection is currently handled .
– Language , keyboard and display mode settings now persist between subsequent NOOBS sessions and into installed OSes . This means that if , for example , you are wanting to set up a Pi to use to teach Primary school children in Germany while using a CRT monitor and German keyboard , you would simply boot into NOOBS , press “ 3 ” on your keyboard , select “ Germany ” from the language selector and then install “ Boot to Scratch ” . This would result in your Pi booting directly into the German-language Scratch interface with the display being output via composite PAL – no complex configuration file editing required .
About NOOBS v1.3
On first boot , NOOBS will format your SD card and allow you to select which OSes you want to install from a list . This OS list is automatically generated from both locally available OSes ( i.e . those contained in the /os directory on disk ) or those available from our remote repository ( wired network connection required ) .
Only the latest version of each OS will ever be displayed meaning that you can be sure that you have installed the most up-to-date release of your selected OS .
On any subsequent boot you can then press the SHIFT key to enter the NOOBS interface and easily reinstall your choice of OSes .
The NOOBS interface provides the following functionality :
Install : Installs the selected OSes onto your SD card . Note that changing this selection erases any OSes currently installed .
Edit Config : Opens a text editor allowing the cmdline and config for the installed OS that is currently highlighted in the OS list to be edited .
Online Help : [ Networking Required ] Opens a browser that displays the Raspberry Pi Forum ( http : //www.raspberrypi.org/phpBB3/ ) , allowing you to quickly access help and troubleshooting .
Exit : Quits NOOBS and reboots the Pi into the OS boot menu .
Language Selection : Allows you to select the language to be displayed .
Keyboard Layout Selection : Allows you to select the keyboard layout to be used .
Display Mode Selection : By default , NOOBS will output over HDMI at your display 's preferred resolution , even if no HDMI display is connected . If you do not see any output on your HDMI display or are using the composite output , press 1 , 2 , 3 or 4 on your keyboard to select HDMI preferred mode , HDMI safe mode , composite PAL mode or composite NTSC mode respectively .
Note that all user settings ( language , keyboard layout , display mode ) will persist between reboots and will also be automatically passed to the installed OSes . This means that if you can see the NOOBS interface on your display device then you should be able to see the OS CLI/GUI when it boots too ! We 're very excited about this as it should make configuring the Pi to support your display device as easy as pressing 1,2,3 or 4 in the NOOBS interface rather than having to worry about changing config options .
OS Installation
Simply select the checkbox next to each OS you want to install using either a mouse or keyboard ( arrow keys to traverse the list , enter to toggle the selected OS 's checkbox ) , then click the “ Install ” icon ( or press “ i ” on your keyboard ) to install the selection . The icons shown on the right of the list indicate whether the OS is being installed from the SD card ( SD card icon ) or from the online OS repository ( Ethernet icon ) .
Online Help via Web Browser
The built-in Arora web browser allows you to easily get help via the Raspberry Pi Forums ( wired network connection required ) .
Easy Config File Editor
The built-in config file editor allows you to edit the config file of the OS currently highlighted in the OS list . This allows you to easily add licence keys to different OS installs through the same interface .
Note that the output mode selected by the user through pressing one of number keys 1 to 4 ( for HDMI preferred , HDMI VGA , Composite PAL and Composite NTSC respectively ) will be automatically set in the config.txt files of your installed OSes . This means that you should n't have to worry about manually changing your display settings to get your installed OS to display correctly on your display device .
Installer Slideshow
An installer slideshow guides you through your first steps with each OS while it installs .
OS Boot Selector
After multiple OSes have been installed , you can select which OS to boot through this selection window that is automatically displayed . NOOBS will remember your choice and boot this OS by default unless a different option has been selected within 10 seconds .
Note that if only one OS is installed then the boot selector will not be displayed and the OS will be automatically booted .
How to Download the NOOBS v1.3 Beta
NOOBS v1.3 Beta ( pre-packaged with OSes ready to install ) – Larger download ( 1GB ) , works offline
Download Link http : //downloads.raspberrypi.org/NOOBS/NOOBS_v1_3_BETA.zip
SHA-1 Checksum 662e97d5e7b2e2ab82b5f92ccdb393d255d38be8 Documentation https : //github.com/raspberrypi/noobs/blob/dev/README.md
Source https : //github.com/raspberrypi/noobs/tree/dev
Bug Tracker https : //github.com/raspberrypi/noobs/issues
NOOBS v1.3 Beta ‘ lite ' ( network OS installation only ) – Smaller download ( 20MB ) , requires Ethernet connection to internet
Download Link http : //downloads.raspberrypi.org/NOOBS/NOOBS_lite_v1_3_BETA.zip
SHA-1 Checksum 9556c64b70e139f90ceddfc905f3660223137c9e Documentation https : //github.com/raspberrypi/noobs/blob/dev/README.md
Source https : //github.com/raspberrypi/noobs/tree/dev
Bug Tracker https : //github.com/raspberrypi/noobs/issues
Note : There is a known issue with the network install failing in rare cases with an error message reporting that the disk is inaccessible . If this occurs please restart installation after a reboot and let us know that it occurred .
We would ask for any testing feedback to be given via this forum thread . Please also feel free to ask questions concerning the new features in the comments below . As ever , please read the documentation before posting your question ! : - )
If you 're an OS maintainer and would like to see your OS included in our online repository please email me at [ email protected ] so that I can provide the necessary documentation .
[ Liz notes : huge thanks are due to Rob , who has been wearing his fingers to bloody nubbins to get NOOBS v1.3 ready . He 's been busy writing the rest of this post and is far too elegant and self-effacing to point out all the work he 's done , so I 'll do it for him . Thanks Rob ! ]
Special thanks go to all of the OS maintainers for working hard to support the new system , Floris Bos and those who helped with the alpha release testing . We also want to thank Liam and Pete at Mythic Beasts for helping us to make the network install functionality possible .
Society
A man who had been in a live-in relationship with the girl 's aunt has been arrested for the crime .
Days after a 7-year-old girl was raped and killed in Kerala 's Kollam district , her family including mother , aunt and grandparents were allegedly forcefully evicted from their village by residents .
Villagers alleged that the tragic death of the child was owing to the family 's immoral activities , pointing out that the accused in the case was staying with the victim 's aunt without marrying her . Throwing the family out of the village , residents allegedly abused them stating that they were responsible for what happened to the child and warned them from returning to the village .
The victim 's mother was also allegedly not allowed to see the body of the child during the funeral .
The child 's mother told the media that villagers had allegedly threatened them and warned of assault if they returned .
“ They allege that my sister is responsible for the child 's death . Everyone tried to attack my father . They did not allow me to see my child 's body . They asked our family to move from there , they said many men come to our house and they are scared about their girls . Both men and women abused us . We did not do anything . They also hit me , my mother and my father . It has been just five days since my child died . We could n't even stay there at least for the last rites . Police tried their best to protect us . If the police was not there , they would have killed us , ” the mother told Mathrubhumi News .
On Friday , the women 's commission visited the family and offered a job to the child 's mother . However , villagers protested the move .
Denying that they were expelled from the village , Station House Officer Gopakumar told TNM that the family shifted to a relative 's house in Kilimanoor for the time being . He also said that the police have given enough protection to the family .
“ The accused Rajesh was living with the family and he was not legally married to the child 's aunt . That was why locals were angry . They will not have to stay for long in the other place . We will give them proper protection . People reacted out of sudden emotion . It was a shock for them to see a 7-year-old child in that state . The family obviously did not expect that the person would do this , so it is not their fault too . The family may have shifted because they were scared of the public anger , ” the police officer said .
The girl 's body was found dumped in a rubber estate on September 28 under the Kulathupuzha police station limits . The workers of the estate , who arrived at around 6 am , found the girl 's body and informed the police . Rajesh , 38 , had allegedly abducted the girl on Wednesday morning , in the pretext of taking the child to her tuition class .
Posted on by boardchairman
Sandy Irvine of The Green Party predicts that , despite the amazing advances of human beings in the 20th and 21st centuries , those years will be known by the historians of the future as the “ Age of Stupid ” .
The age when leadership failed at its most fundamental level ; when society collectively refused to see that we were engaged in a long term process that threatened the species ( not just Homo sapiens ) as a conseqence of our technological successes which in turn lead to unfettered population growth based largely on finite resources . Yes – The Age of Stupid !
We spend billions of pounds , dollars or whatever on trying to reverse the impact we make on our planet yet seem to accept without challenge or comment the fact that every hour we add a further 10,000 to our population .
This depletes our natural capital . We are using groundwater to such an extent that replacement is impossible if usage levels continue . Our fossil fuels may give another 100 years or more at ever increasing cost . We may be lucky and get technology to mitigate this depletion but at 10,000 births per hour we are draining the glass quicker than we can fill it .
Indefinite population growth is physically impossible – it must stop at some point either through measures that we introduce or through death through famine , drought , disease , war and environmental collapse or a mix of all of these combined .
Many experts view the sustainable population of the planet is around 2,000 million – about one quarter of the forecasted level in the middle of this century . There are some serious policies required if this is to be achieved and we are not to become the agents of our own demise .
In spite of this , I remain an optimist that the scales will fall from the eyes of the policymakers and that the conversations that are needed will take place . The alternative is not worth contemplating and we will be rightly tagged as those who managed the Age of Stupid .
Leslie
Advertisements
Share this : Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Filed under : 1 , board , Business , learning , strategy |
THE Reserve Bank of Australia has been working on creating new , `` youthful '' -looking banknotes for the past five years , it 's been reported .
The project , called Next Generation banknote , is more than two years behind schedule and has so far cost $ 9.3 million , The Australian reports .
Designers have been supplied with new portraits of the notes ' subjects and asked to capture Australian characteristics with `` youthful '' and `` energetic design qualities '' , it says .
The RBA had toyed with the notion of removing Queen Elizabeth II from the $ 5 note in favour of subjects including Henry Parkes - known as the father of federation - but scrapped the idea last year .
A bank spokesman has confirmed the project , saying it was taking place to ensure Australia maintained its `` relatively low levels of counterfeiting '' .
The notes would include new security features but retain most of the existing design elements including colour , size and their current portraits , the spokesman said .
The bank also said it will take several years before the first upgraded notes are issued .
The initiative followed research by the bank that found most Australians could n't name the faces on their national currency .
Melbourne designer Garry Emery , who worked on the existing note design , has confirmed he is working with the bank on the new polymer note project .
The bank approved new designs by Emery for further development in 2010 , the report says .
Ohio law prohibits concealed carry permit holders from carrying their weapons into public or private spaces that are clearly designated with signs saying guns are not allowed on the premises . A new bill under consideration at the Statehouse would change that .
Republican State Rep. John Becker says gun-free zones are often confusing for concealed carry permit holders . That 's why he says his bill is needed .
“ It simply says for those people who have a concealed carry permit , which we know are the cream of the crop of the citizenry because they 've had the background checks as well as training and gun safety and marksmanship . ''
Under his bill , `` people with those permits , if they were to inadvertently go into one of these gun-free zones , they could not be charged with a crime unless they refuse to leave , ” Becker said .
Becker 's bill would apply to public places , like the Statehouse , and private spaces , like a hardware store , restaurant or bar .
Asked whether he thinks this would be a way of allowing concealed permit holders to ignore what property owners want , Becker says :
“ Is that going to encourage people to violate those gun free zones intentionally ? Perhaps . And frankly , I 'm OK with that . And the reason is the people in those gun free zones are people with concealed carry permits and again , they are the cream of the crop of the citizenry . And it makes for a safer environment .
`` We certainly see on a regular basis , an increasing basis , bad guys with guns going into these gun-free zones and there 's nobody there to stop them . ”
A business owner 's to blame ?
And that leads to another part of Becker 's bill . It would remove immunity for business owners who do n't allow concealed carry if a shooting were to happen on their premises .
“ We think this bill is just plain bizarre . ”
That 's Jennifer Thorne , the executive director of the Ohio Coalition against Gun Violence . Her group opposes the bill .
“ Suddenly , it 's a business owner 's fault if someone decides to target his or her business ? I mean , when did it become OK to blame victims of crime ? ”
Thorne says this bill tramples on the rights of business owners .
“ To us this really seems like an attempt to bully business owners who want to support a culture of peace instead of fear by not allowing guns on their premises . What we are looking at under this bill is something that would blame victims of crime , ” she said .
' A half-baked solution looking for a problem '
Becker 's bill will also be opposed by some of his fellow lawmakers , such as Democratic Rep. Greta Johnson .
“ This is just sort of a half-baked solution looking for a problem . It does n't address any gun issues that Ohio is currently facing and it 's going to do nothing but create confusion amongst lawful concealed carry permit holders , business owners and law enforcement , ” Johnson said .
Johnson says she more than willing to sit down with Becker to talk about some problems that might exist with Ohio 's current concealed carry law . Becker says he expects some of his Republican colleagues will support his plan . The bill has been introduced but has n't had hearings .
Lawmakers are not expected back until after the November election . And when they return , they are going to be holding some long debates during the lame-duck session .
And since the Republican-dominated Legislature has been interested in expanding the rights of gun owners , this bill could be on the agenda .
5 Top Marijuana Strains and Which Conditions They Treat Best [ Round Up ] 5 Strains that are Perfect for a variety of Conditions
So many marijuana strains in the world…but which one will work best for your needs ?
The world is filled to the brim with marijuana strains . Just when you think you 've got a grasp of all the main ones , new types begin rising into recognition . Meanwhile , fresh strains are simultaneously being developed and generated by the professional breeders of many prominent and reputable seed banks , which only increases the quantity of cannabis strains in the future .
With so many strains on the market , it can sometimes get confusing , or even overwhelming deciphering one from the other , especially regarding medical cannabis and what it can assist with . That 's why here at MarijuanaBreak we have rounded up the 5 most useful marijuana types , so that your life is made that much easier next time you are standing in your dispensary trying to decide what is right for you .
Keep reading to learn more about which marijuana strain is best tailored to meet your needs with our What Strain Is Best for What : Complete Medical Cannabis Use Guide…
5 Out-of-This-World Medical Marijuana Strains and Their Uses :
1 . Charlotte 's Web
A Little About Charlotte 's Web :
By far one of the most profound medical cannabis strains on the market , Charlotte 's Web is a strain specifically bred for seizures and other serious medical conditions without having a major effect on the mind and functionality of the consumer . This could be because of its miniscule THC content , ranking in at just 0.3 % , not enough to produce any type of high effect usually associated with marijuana . It is packed full of medicine , with a hefty presence of CBD , which can measure in at 17 % or even higher .
Named after Charlotte Figi , a young girl who experienced constant seizures due to epilepsy and then began to consume Charlotte 's Web . Miraculously , her frequent seizures stopped almost completely . After this occurrence , much of the world began to discuss her story and the effectiveness of CBD within the medical cannabis realm and it continued to become a topic of grave controversy .
It was ruled by the government that Charlotte 's Web would not be classified legally as cannabis , but rather hemp , making it easier for all patients to obtain this medicine , but still banning the crop from being transported over any state lines . Charlotte 's Web contains a 60 % indica , 40 % sativa strain type ratio , yet it is still referred to by some as a sativa strain .
Helps What Medical Conditions ? :
One of the most medicinally powerful strains available , most famously Charlotte 's Web is utilized for seizures and epilepsy . Aside from these serious conditions , more mild uses include chronic pain , joint pain , arthritis , muscle spasms , headaches and migraines . It produces completely physical effects , and therefore will not cause any psychoactive situations , making it a quintessential type for both adults and young children .
2 . Cannatonic
A Little About Cannatonic :
A unique option for patients of medical marijuana , Cannatonic offers a less-cloudy , focus inducing high , because of its low THC content that rarely measures above 6 % , and its high CBD content which is typically around 6-17 % depending upon the batch .
Although quite a bit more “ high ” inducing than a strain like Charlotte 's Web , Cannatonic offers sort of an inbetween alternative to traditional high-potency THC strains and some of the more CBD heavy medical options . Bred by the Spanish seed bank Resin Seeds , its creation is the result of the genetic crossing between G13 Haze and MK Ultra . It is classified as a perfect hybrid strain , with 50 % indica and 50 % sativa genetics .
Helps What Medical Conditions ? :
Cannatonic is effective at managing seizures and epilepsy , as well as chronic pain , muscle spasms , headaches , migraines and fatigue . Furthermore , it is an extremely mentally and emotionally relaxing strain , calming the mind and soothing any worries , making it ideal for lessening anxiety , depression , stress and paranoia .
3 . Northern Lights
A Little About Northern Lights :
One of the most famous indicas and marijuana strains in the world , Northern Lights has recently sunk into the medical marijuana world , becoming immensely widespread . This is good news for those who really love NL , because just about every dispensary in the United States offers this as one of their regular selections .
The genetic descendant of two landrace pure strains , Thai sativa and Afghani indica came together and Northern Lights was created . It is complete with THC levels that range at about 16-21 % on average , and CBD levels that are rather low and are not even worth referencing .
This marijuana strain is potent and fairly easy to cultivate , partially why it has become a favorite , and it is classified as an indica with a 90 % indica , 10 % sativa ratio . Setting its consumer into a mildly psychoactive euphoric trance state , Northern Lights helps to unwind and relax the mind and body , sinking you into a place of warmth and comfort .
The crop is easy to cultivate , possessing a high resistance to disease . Its flowering period is around 7-9 weeks , and the crop grows relatively short , typical of an indica strain . Yields are in the higher range , with an average of 18 ounces per meter squared indoors , and 22 ounces per plant outdoors .
Helps What Medical Conditions ? :
Because of its lack of CBD , Northern Lights can not be utilized like some of the other more medicinal strains on this list . Instead , it is primarily beneficial for assisting insomnia , sleeplessness , lack of appetite , depression , anxiety , stress , chronic pain , headaches , joint pain , muscle spasms , irritable bowel syndrome , PMS , menstrual cramping , arthritis , bipolar and PTSD , in addition to other conditions that are not included on this list .
4 . Stress Killer
A Little About Stress Killer :
A relatively new strain developed by Royal Queen Seeds , Stress Killer offers a focused and relaxing daytime high that is perfect for those who have a tendency to worry or feel overwhelmed . It is an intriguing triple cross between Juanita la Lagrimosa , Ruderalis and Lemon Haze . For this reason , it is classified as a hybrid because of a 60 % sativa , 30 % indica and 10 % ruderalis genetic makeup .
Its THC levels test in at around 11 % , moderate in comparison with most cannabis strains , and its CBD levels are extremely high , although it is not specified anywhere exactly how much . Stress Killer is ready for harvest in about 11 weeks , and the seeds sold by RQS are autoflowering , which means they somewhat take care of themselves when they are ready to go into the almost ready-for-picking phase of the growth cycle .
Helps What Medical Conditions ? :
Offering a focused , relaxed yet alert daytime high , Stress Killer 's best suited medical purpose is clear as day , for it is mentioned in its name . Quintessential for managing stress and chronic stress , this marijuana strain will not only calm you down , but also keeps you motivated and understanding of the tasks that need to be completed .
For this reason , it is a brilliant pre-work smoke , so long as you do not mind the small to moderate amounts of THC . In addition to managing stress levels , Stress Killer also can assist with ADD/ADHD because it grounds the mind and body into concentration , as well as minimizing depression , anxiety and other mood disorders with its potent quantity of CBD .
5 . Girl Scout Cookies
A Little About Girl Scout Cookies :
A marijuana world classic , Girl Scout Cookies , often referred to as GSC , is an extremely potent in THC , low in CBD hybrid cannabis type . Ranking in at an astounding 17-28 % THC , this marijuana takes a killer punch on the body and mind , helping to numb uncomfortable situations and experiences .
It is a genetic breeding between Durban Poison sativa and OG Kush hybrid , with a 40 % sativa and 60 % indica makeup . It is a crop of moderate difficulty to cultivate , with a small plant height , meaning it is suitable for both indoor and outdoor growing . The flowering period is between 7-9 weeks , and the yields are low to moderate in amount if successful .
Consumers beware , GSC can produce extreme lethargy and couch-lock , making it a strain best saved for nighttime and evening use , because it can make you completely dysfunctional , but oh so euphoric and relaxed .
Helps What Medical Conditions ? :
GSC is notorious for its hefty quantity of THC , which makes it an ideal medical strain for pain and discomfort relief . Medical patients have begun turning towards Girl Scout Cookies for assistance in managing chronic pain , migraines , muscle cramping , joint pain and arthritis . Furthermore , it has an ability to increase appetite and help minimize insomnia . Girl Scout Cookies is relaxing , so those with anxiety , depression and stress can also benefit .
Final Thoughts on Which Strain to Use and When :
If you are an individual that has a difficult time deciding what medical marijuana strain to try , then one of the above mentioned types could be a helpful place to start . We hope you not only found this guide to be entertaining , but also educational and informative . It is important to remember that the consumption of cannabis is the sole responsibility of the user , and discretion should always be taken .
I had to edit the comment to fit it into 300 characters ( even the one part I was trying to submit ) . Here is the full comment ,
`` There is hardly anyone who says it did n't happen . What people have argued is that the numbers were inflated and some of the stories that were taken as facts were exaggerated . For example , one valid question to ask is how the Nazis could have incinerated so many people when incineration is extremely energy intensive and they were already facing resource shortages from the blockade . Incineration on a mass scale is unheard of because of how much energy and resources it would require to carry it out . Even with all the modern technology we have , we can not afford to incinerate people on a that scale . Regardless of whether you think they could or could n't have pulled this off , can we agree that it should n't be a criminal offense to wonder about things like that ? Asking questions like this is a very different thing to saying the Holocaust did n't happen , yet it all gets lumped in with outright Holocaust denial .
What I ca n't believe is that European countries throw people in jail and fine them for asking these questions , and then turn around and pretend to care about freedom of speech when it comes to printing cartoons demeaning to Muslims . It 's not a crime to question the numbers killed by Stalin , or the numbers killed in WW1 , or the atrocities committed by difference sides in WW2 , why is the Holocaust beyond all free speech and question ? The truth does n't fear questioning , and by making the Holocaust unquestionable ( under penalty of law ) , they actually reinforce the beliefs of conspiracy theorists . ''
Edit : Notice the lack of any form of sources to anything that is being said combined with lots of weasel words , `` what people have argued ''
The Orix Buffaloes will hope taking right-handed pitcher Kazuyuki Kaneda from the Hanshin Tigers as compensation for the Tigers signing former Buffalos outfielder Yoshio Itoi in free agency ends up being a productive outcome for the loss of such a talented player , but history is n't really on their side .
Kaneda is 26 , and nowhere near worth the current value Itoi represents . Still , it 's possible playing in a different part of Osaka ignites his career . If it does , Orix 's move will represent one of the few times the human compensation portion of NPB 's free agency rules will have worked out for the team being compensated .
Under the current rules , which were altered in 2008 , teams losing an A- or B-ranked free agent are entitled compensation from the signing team in the form of a straight cash payout or less money and a non-protected player from the signing club 's roster .
Most teams take the money and run . The Seibu Lions did that earlier in the offseason as compensation for losing ace Takayuki Kishi to the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles . Since free agency was introduced in Japan in 1993 , the majority of teams have chosen cash over players as compensation .
Taking a player over cash , as Orix is doing , has proven to be a risky choice . Though for the Buffaloes , who finished 30 games out of first place and 15 out of a spot in the Climax Series , the risk is somewhat mitigated by the current state of the team — basically , what exactly does team already in last place have to lose .
Kaneda made 56 ichi-gun appearances , four starts , for Hanshin , and has a 7-1 record and 4.27 ERA in 78 innings . He was used most in 2014 , making 40 appearances and posting a 3.61 ERA in 62⅓ innings .
It 's rare that teams get major contributions from compensation picks . That 's to be expected since compensating teams can protect 28 players , which takes the top stars and best prospects out of the mix .
That is n't to say teams have n't managed to turn up a few gems over the years .
The Hiroshima Carp plucked outfielder Masato Akamatsu from the Tigers ' roster after losing Takahiro Arai after the 2007 season . Akamatsu was an All-Star for the Carp in 2009 and won a Gold Glove in 2010 . He 's still with the team , serving as a capable defensive replacement and a pinch-runner for the reigning Central League champions . Interestingly he 's now playing alongside Arai , who returned to Hiroshima in 2015 and was the CL MVP this past season .
The Tokyo Yakult Swallows also picked up a good player that season , taking veteran Kazuki Fukuchi as compensation after the Lions signed pitcher Kazuhisa Ishii . Fukuchi was a hit in his first two seasons with Yakult , hitting .294 and driving in 95 runs . He also led the CL with 42 stolen bases in both 2008 and 2009 . His production began to wane as age began to take a toll in 2010 and he retired in 2012 .
The Chunichi Dragons landed catcher Kohei Oda , also in 2007 , as a compensation pick when the Giants signed Shigeki Noguchi . Oda was never a top player , but was a capable backup , mostly for Motonobu Tanishige , for nine seasons .
Success stories are few and far between , but the Buffaloes evidently are willing to roll the dice and it will be interesting to see how it plays out , and if more teams follow suit if it works .
The cross-country trails are bare -- and damp -- at the Snail Lake Regional Park in Shoreview on Sunday .
The forecasters said Minnesota was in for a cold , snowy winter . So much for that .
The skiers cried , the golfers high-fived , and the climatologists looked at the numbers in disbelief .
`` I do n't think anyone saw that February would go down as one of the warmest Februarys on record , '' said Kenny Blumenfeld , a climatologist with the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources .
Blumenfeld was n't surprised that the winter outlook released last fall turned out to be wrong , though . `` If you were a betting person , you 'd make more money betting the opposite , '' he said , because those three-month forecasts are wrong more often than they 're right , according to an analysis done by the State Climatology Office .
The driving range at Oak Marsh Golf Course in Oakdale , Minn. , was packed on Feb. 19 . Brian Bakst | MPR News
It seems La Niña years — when cold pools in the equatorial Pacific — are harder for the long-term forecasts to get right , he said .
`` They based their forecast for the Northern Hemisphere on that cold pool , and in a lot of areas it just did n't pan out . And Minnesota was one of those places , '' Blumenfeld said .
The same thing happened five years ago — you know , when we were all wearing shorts and flip-flops on St. Patrick 's Day 2012 with temperatures in the 80s . It was `` by far the warmest March we 'd ever seen . The winter was a write-off , '' he said .
This winter started out pretty normal , with a run of typically cold December weather . But things soon changed . It rained on Christmas . December ended up being warmer than average in much of the state , and January followed suit , Blumenfeld said . `` And then February just was ridiculous . ''
Temperatures soared into the 60s a couple weeks ago in the Twin Cities and southern Minnesota . Across the state , it was in the Top 10 or higher for the warmest February on record . And overall , the Twin Cities is in the midst of an 18-month streak of warmer-than-normal temperatures .
What 's going on ?
Frontenac State Park along the Mississippi River showed plenty of open water on Feb. 18 . Laura McCallum | MPR News
`` We ca n't say we know entirely why , but we need to mention that we 're undergoing a long-term warming trend going back four and a half decades , '' Blumenfeld said .
The trend is the strongest in winter , and February has one of the strongest warming signals of all the months . On top of that , we experienced an unusual warm swing , he said . `` Right now we have both . We have the long-term trend and we 're at a moment of high , warm-weather variability . ''
For snow lovers , the consequences of all this warming are bleak .
`` The Twin Cities had more precipitation falling as rain than falling as snow this winter . It 's a hard one to track , but we think this might be the first time we 've ever observed that , '' Blumenfeld said .
The Loppet cross-country ski festival in Minneapolis had to move things around and make one of its most popular ski events a walk instead . And later in February , organizers of the largest cross-country ski marathon in North America — the Birkebeiner in northern Wisconsin — delivered fans the bad news that the official race was canceled .
`` We 're not going to be able to provide you a safe experience , '' one of the organizers said in an online video announcement .
A warm winter has left no need for grooming the cross country ski trails at the Snail Lake Regional Park on Feb. 26 . Regina McCombs | MPR News
Around the region , the simple act of walking was often not a safe experience . Blumenfeld said lots of rainy days and temperatures hovering around freezing meant slippery conditions .
`` I 've known more people who fell this winter than all of the winters of my life combined . That 's because there have been so many different days with ice-rink type conditions , '' he said .
A spokesperson for Hennepin County Medical Center in Minneapolis confirmed the hospital treated more slip-and-fall injuries on snow and ice this winter than last winter .
On the other hand , our winter weather woes in the Midwest were nothing compared to what other places experienced .
`` California has gotten torrential rains , really heavy rains . And originally the prediction was there was going to be less rain than normal there in California , '' said Cliff Mass , a professor of atmospheric sciences at the University of Washington .
Mass said the longer term forecasts are just not reliable .
Walkers and bikers fill the trails instead of the more typical March cross-country skiers and snow shoers at Snail Lake Regional Park on Sunday . Regina McCombs | MPR News
`` Initially we have a good description of the atmosphere , but the forecast declines in time . And so by the time you get to two to three weeks , there 's extremely little skill , '' he said .
This winter has been a case in point , he said .
California 's heavy rains caused floods and mudslides , killing several people . On the other side of the world , a heat wave in Australia killed bats , turtle hatchlings and even a healthy , 30-year-old man who was riding a dirt bike . In Chile , heavy rains and flooding cut off the drinking water supply for millions of people .
We know warming temperatures and heavy rains are associated with a changing climate . But even with that understanding , this winter was startling . What we do n't know yet is whether this winter will remain an outlier , or become a new norm that wo n't seem unusual to our kids and grandkids when they look back on it someday .
A South Carolina state trooper was fired last week and arrested on Wednesday after a dashcam video showed him shooting an unarmed man during a routine traffic stop .
Former officer Sean Groubert , 31 , is seen in the newly released video pulling over Levar Edward Jones . The clip , which was recorded on Groubert 's dashcam on Sept. 4 , shows Jones getting out of his vehicle at a gas station in Columbia .
Groubert asks Jones for his driver 's license . As Jones reaches into his vehicle to retrieve it , Groubert shouts , `` Get out of the car ! ''
When Jones complies and starts to back away from the vehicle , Groubert opens fire . Three shots can be heard ; Jones was hit at least once , in the hip .
`` I was just getting my license , '' Jones says . He also apologizes repeatedly , and asks , `` Sir , why was I shooting ? All I did was reach for my license . I 'm coming from work . ''
`` Well , you dove head-first back into your car , '' Groubert says . `` Then you jumped back out , I 'm telling you to get out of your car . ''
Groubert was charged with assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature , a felony which carries a penalty of up to 20 years in prison , according to a news release from the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division .
The complaint states that Groubert `` did without justification unlawfully shoot Levar Jones which produced great bodily injury or was likely to cause great bodily injury . Audio and visual recordings , as well as written statements , obtained are further evidence to indicate the shooting incident was without justification . ''
South Carolina Department of Public Safety Director Leroy Smith called the case disturbing .
`` After my review of the facts surrounding this matter , I have determined that Mr. Groubert 's actions rose to such an extent that his employment with us must be terminated , '' Smith said in a statement last week . `` While Mr. Groubert was within the law to stop Mr. Jones for a safety belt violation , the force administered in this case was unwarranted , inconsistent with how our troopers are trained , and clearly in violation of Department policies . ''
Groubert pleaded not guilty and is free after posting a $ 75,000 bond , according to WIS-TV . He 's expected to appear in court on Oct. 24 .
× Presidential trip to Oklahoma scheduled for this week
OKLAHOMA – President Barack Obama is expected to come to Oklahoma this week , the White House announced Friday .
Officials say he will be here for two days to talk with the Choctaw Nation and visit the federal prison in El Reno .
“ On Wednesday , July 15th , the President will travel to Durant , Oklahoma , where he will visit the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma and deliver remarks on expanding economic opportunity . He will remain overnight in Oklahoma . On Thursday , July 16th , the President will visit the El Reno Correctional Institution outside of Oklahoma City , marking the first visit by a sitting President to a federal prison . While there , he will meet with law enforcement officials and inmates and conduct an interview for a Vice documentary that will air in the fall about the realities of our criminal justice system . Further details regarding the President 's travel to Oklahoma will be available in the coming days. ” –Keith Maley , White House spokesperson .
In 2014 , the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma was chosen as one of President Obama 's Promise Zones .
The Promise Zones are designed to create jobs and increase economic security by partnering local communities with businesses .
He will be visiting the federal prison in El Reno as part of a documentary for VICE .
This will be President Obama 's third trip to Oklahoma .
Report a typo
Fassbinder 's prophetic 1973 sci-fi work ‘ World on a Wire ' finally sees theatrical release July 24 , 2011
A three-hour-plus sci-fi experience , World on a Wire ( Welt am Draht ) , seemed to have existed as mere legend in the filmography of Rainer Werner Fassbinder , as it has rarely screened since its debut on German TV in 1973 . The fact that it focused on virtual worlds within computers added to a brewing interest over the years , as it seemed to foretell the current age we live in . More prescient than ever , it is finally making the rounds at art house cinemas across the US .
However , as prophetic as this film seems to be , this ai n't no Matrix or Blade Runner , two films I have read it often compared to . Casual Fassbinder fans or world cinema fans and especially fans of the Matrix should be fairly warned : This is Fassbinder at his most sluggish . * World on a Wire 's pace may present nothing short of a challenge for those accustomed to the “ bullet-time ” shooting of today 's sci-fi . The long pauses the actors seem to take between sentences , as if everyone must ruminate before saying the next sentence , is a Fassbinder stylization that can certainly grow weary over a few hours .
First screened in two parts on German TV ( Part One is 105 minutes while Part Two runs 107 minutes ) , the theatrical experience puts both together for a runtime of three hours and 32 minutes , and the action develops slow , as strange , incongruous mysteries continue to pile up in the narrative . A man vanishes from one moment to the next , practically in front of the eyes of our hero , setting him off on an odd wild goose chase to get to the bottom of the disappearance . By the same token , falling equipment can crush a woman as our hero speaks with her , but he can still carry on with his stroll with nary a change on his face . Throughout the movie people walk through scenes with mostly blank looks . Women especially act like vapid mannequins . It 's as if Fassbinder made the movie not just for another time but another dimension of humanity .
The protagonist is a buff computer engineer in his mid-thirties . Fred Stiller ( Klaus Löwitsch ) comes to head the Simulacron project at the Institute for Cybernetics and Futurology after his predecessor , Vollmer ( Adrian Hoven ) dies following what seems a nervous breakdown . The Simulacron , a giant computer ( this was made in the seventies when data was stored on tape , after all ) , simulates the real world by populating an artificial world within it with “ identity units. ” These artificial people are given all the characteristics of humanity excepting the notion of the Simulacron , so the world “ above ” exists as an observing and unknowable God to the identity units “ below . ”
Corporations want in on the government project to simulate and therefore foretell future scenarios and bank on them . Stiller resists , however , showing concern for strange goings on like that sudden disappearance of his associate , Guenther Lause ( Ivan Desny ) . He soon begins to wonder , is he in control of a simulated world or part of one ? At the core of this question , is whether reality , or existence for that matter , is re-defined when humanity becomes reliant on computers to make decisions . Are we in fact giving up free will by investing in a computer-centric world ? It 's an appropriate question in this contemporary time .
The result is at times prophetic , though often meandering and a bit indulgent . This is indeed Fassbinder in his element , and those who miss him will celebrate the restoration of this film . Those unfamiliar his style should be prepared to know a little something about his unique filmic flourishes , and how this film might fit in with the renaissance of the science-fiction film genre , a genre otherwise unexplored by Fassbinder .
Thanks to Stanley Kubrick 's 1969 film 2001 : A Space Odyssey , sci-fi movies had just become something more than cheap , escapist camp during this period of movie history . 2001 , which followed a script written with sci-fi novelist Arthur C. Clarke , truly opened the genre to philosophical questions . In 1972 , Russian filmmaker Andrei Tarkovsky offered Solaris , adapted from the novel by Stanislaw Lem , as his response to Kubrick 's movie . Though 2001 and Solaris are held up as some of the greatest works of serious science-fiction cinema , World on a Wire became forgotten . There are probably many reasons for this . Fassbinder was much more prolific than either Kubrick or Tarkovsky , which meant World on a Wire was sort of lost in the shuffle of his output . Fassbinder would also not become appreciated as a serious filmmaker until practically after his death .
It is a shame that World on a Wire , based in Daniel F. Galouye 's 1964 American novel Simulacron-3 , languished for as long as it did , as Fassbinder dives into the implications of alternate realities with aplomb . He certainly tries to raise the film to the higher level of sci-fi of 2001 and Solaris , even if the results do come across as a bit uneven . One factor maybe that Löwitsch had been drunk throughout the filming . “ [ He was ] never not drunk , ” according to Ulli Lommel , who played both the journalist Rupp in the movie and worked on the film 's art direction while also taking the assignment as Löwitsch 's “ chaperone ” ( ibid ) .
Knowing Fassbinder , his acceptance of such behavior from his lead , a regular of his films , should come as no surprise . If punk rock has an equivalent in cinema , it might have been Fassbinder . He embodies the spirit of the German New Wave of the sixties and seventies , which famously included Werner Herzog and Wim Wenders , as he jumped into film making despite his rejection from the Berlin Film School . He seemed to make films as a primal desire he could not keep at bay . His movies were raw works driven by an unstoppable desire to create , hence resulting in such messy , passionate works such as World on a Wire , which can still show a very literate knowledge of mise-en-scène and cinematic technique . With World on a Wire , Fassbinder even seems to give a nod to Kubrick with the presence of classical music during some scenes and the sometimes indulgent use of a tracking camera .
As it was rarely screened until now , most Fassbinder fans will only know World on a Wire as a sort of lost gem from the prolific director who only stopped making movies after he died at the age of 36 mixing illicit drugs and sleeping pills . He still managed to direct more than 40 films over the course of 16 years of film directing , some with epic run times .
Despite an enfant terrible reputation , Fassbinder also had a highly attuned insight into humanity , particularly of his peers of post-war Germany . He was not afraid of criticizing his countrymen , and did it ever piss them off . However , as he is dealing with an alternate reality in World on a Wire , the people populating the film maintain an enigmatic quality . A true sense of humanity does not come until the movie 's very last scene . This is not the incite-worthy Berlin Alexanderplatz ( Support the Independent Ethos , purchase on Amazon ) , released in early 1980 . Germans protested in the streets during the broadcast of his famous 15-hour television series , which he adapted from Alfred Döblin 's German novel that captured Germany between two World Wars . A thoughtful tribute to the mini-series , which had a theatrical release in the US in 1983 , by contemporary German director Tom Tykwer ( Run Lola Run ) can be found here . Tykwer notes the protests alleged a dissatisfaction in the quality of sound and images , but below it all was a painful exorcism of the dark German spirit .
In comparison , World on a Wire seems like a tamer work in Fassbinder 's oeuvre . It offers some quirky , if uneven qualities . As already noted , the acting varies , and many characters , especially the women , seem to populate the film as if in a trance . There 's on off-putting inconsistent use of zoom outs and zoom ins . It features a strange soundtrack recalling 1956 's Forbidden Planet , of occasional and oddly timed electro/synth stings and noise , punctuating certain actions . At times , these cues appear at arbitrary moments , adding to the movie 's off-putting surreal quality . It 's as if this movie indeed came from not only another time and place but an alternate universe .
As opposed to Berlin Alexanderplatz , World on a Wire must have baffled viewers upon its first broadcast on West German television more than angered them , leading me again to think of another reason this movie sort of languished at the back of Fassbinder 's filmography . It was just too ahead of its time . But nowadays with virtual reality , the Internet and role-playing games like the Sims , World on a Wire could very well be easier to comprehend . A millennial view would probably take for granted some of the film 's then idiosyncratic notions . For instance , living a simulated life inside a computer . In fact , the incongruously dressed people at a party around an indoor pool , some just standing , most barely moving , could be seen as a field of Avatars awaiting commands from their users . Quirks like that give the film a special , almost surreal atmosphere coupled with a prophetic air . Though Fassbinder did not invent the Sims , he indeed seems fascinated about the multi-dimensional aspects of such a world . Users of the Simulacron can peer into it with black and white monitors set up around the computer , though to interface with it , they must don helmets , the design and idea of which seem to foretell the virtual reality trend of the nineties . At the start of the film , we are introduced to this alternate future during a meeting of officials with vested interests in the Simulacron . Vollmer soon confronts secretary of state Von Wielaub ( Heinz Meier ) with a handheld mirror and tells him : “ You are nothing more than the image others have made of you. ” Von Wielaub huffs and puffs angrily at the seeming affront , but it is a truth not only functional in alternate reality but life in general , a testament to the philosophical aspects of this movie .
Throughout World on a Wire , mirrors and reflections on glass offer continual signposts for meditating on Vollmer 's revelation . But the truth of what is actually going on in the movie does not reveal itself to Stiller until the very end of the film 's first part , though , as already noted , Fassbinder drops incongruous little clues throughout that are sometimes unsettling and other times more subtle . I would rather not spoil what Stiller learns at the end of this first half of the film , as some might figure it out on their own , very early on , and if you can glean a guess from earlier scenes where this is going , the film might already begin to feel a bit tedious .
But something that does make the unfolding action more interesting throughout is realizing that the World on a Wire at stake is a fear of losing the self , an idea that certainly also looms large today in a different sense from what it meant in the cold-war era that produced this movie , just over the Berlin Wall . The central mystery at the film unfolds at the pool party just after Lause tells Stiller , “ Do you know what fear is ? ” A glass falls , Stiller turns away , distracted . He then looks back to find Lause has vanished . Stiller then becomes obsessed with Lause 's sudden disappearance , and no one seems to know who Lause is , despite his seeming closeness to Simulacron from the outset . Could Stiller 's sense of reality be falling apart ? Appropriately enough , the institute where he works , has a psychologist on hand to take care of any doubts in the minds of their people . Franz Hahn ( Wolfgang Schenck ) tells Stiller he understands why his nerves might be frayed and reminds him of a key part of his job on the Simulacron project : “ You can add or delete people at will . This leads to feelings of guilt , depression and fear. ” This is testament to today 's world of alternate realities that people constantly participate in with such nonchalance . What are we doing to our sense of self on such interactive platforms such as Facebook ? It is only after Stiller seems to make the ultimate sacrifice at the film 's very end that he makes the joyful , simple declaration : “ I am . I am. ” ( Read about the poster artist 's process : here )
Janus Films has undertaken the film 's distribution , so expect a Criterion Collection release , according to a close source at the studio . As can be expected by such participants like Janus and Criterion , known for some of the best film and DVD restorations in the medium 's history , the picture quality of World on a Wire is amazing . The well-timed cinematic release has already played a handful of cities , and MBC will screen it in HD . Framed in 4:3 ratio for television and shot on 16mm reversal film , which does not exactly offer the finest grain image , New York 's Museum of Modern Art worked with Juliane Lorenz , the director of the RWF Foundation , and Michael Ballhaus , the movie 's cameraman , to produce a new 35mm print , which is also now making the rounds to a select few cinemas ( three-and-half-hours of 35mm makes for a lot of 45-pound canisters ) . It had its debut more than a year ago at MoMA .
Where I live , World on a Wire will hit the big screen thanks to an exclusive engagement at the Miami Beach Cinematheque , from Friday to Tuesday , July 29 – Aug. 2 , at 8 p.m. each night ( the theater 's director , Dana Keith , assured me to expect an intermission between the film 's two parts , for those that might need a break ) . Other screening dates across the US , including some in 35mm can be found here , and do not be afraid to write the distributor a line to ask about a nearby screening in your town ( see their email address at the bottom part of the film 's official homepage ) .
* Allow me one note on the title theme , the gorgeous , listless instrumental , “ Albatross ” by Peter Green-era Fleetwood Mac , which makes a great musical accompaniment to this equally indulgent review :
Though the film is filled with an odd array of burbles , squawks , hums and shrieks of period synth noise by Gottfried Hüngsberg as well as diagetic classical music , this choice of music for the title sequence , which does not appear until the end credits of Part 1 of World on a Wire reminds me of the music Neu ! would make if they were more chill . With its softly strummed guitar and the whine of a slide guitar , the piece sounds like Krautrock on Hawaiian holiday .
—Hans Morgenstern
( Copyright 2011 by Hans Morgenstern . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed without permission . )
KALAMAZOO , MI -- In response to hostile interactions with constituents , Kalamazoo County Board of Commissioners Vice Chair Stephanie Moore requested additional security be present at public meetings .
Moore asked Chair Dale Shugars and Administrator Tracie Moored to strengthen the police presence at bimonthly meetings of the Board of Commissioners . A plainclothes deputy in attendance is often accompanied by the sheriff or undersheriff , but Moore said recent incidents have left her feeling unsafe .
`` Rhetoric is one thing ; physical intimidation and harassment is another , ' Moore said . `` I do n't need to deal with that kind of trauma . ''
The request was made public during a Tuesday meeting . Several members of Moore 's district , including Metropolitan Kalamazoo Branch of the NAACP President Rev . Strick Strickland , called for an end to harassment .
Shugars said an additional plainclothes deputy will be present on a case-by-case basis , to keep costs down , depending on how likely the agenda is to draw controversy . Increasing security is a component of discussions related to the design of a new county administration building .
`` As a chair and county commissioner , if someone is feeling that their security is questioned -- they 're not feeling secure in a work place -- I am going to listen , be pragmatic and address the issue , '' Shugars said .
In a statement to MLive/Kalamazoo Gazette , Sheriff Rick Fuller said he has been pushing for sheriff 's deputies to be stationed inside the administration building during regular business hours and meetings . More security is needed generally , he said , not just for commissioners .
`` In the past , the cost has been the most difficult for everyone to work out , '' Fuller said . `` The new administration and I have worked on these costs and it is my desire to continue these efforts ... even if it was a cost sharing model with all the offices working out of ( the building ) . ''
Moore 's request came to the surprise of the board , said Commissioner Julie Rogers . She feels the current level of security is sufficient .
`` I think our board has arguments on several topics -- we have several contentious things to vote on -- but people have remained civil , '' Rogers said .
Do n't be afraid to attend heated meetings , says Kalamazoo official Tensions flare , but Kalamazoo County wants everyone at public meetings .
Since the 2016 election , Kalamazoo County residents have become more active in pushing agenda items at Board of Commissioners meetings . Sometimes tension has boiled over in packed meetings , but Moore said what started as comments from engaged citizens has become mean-spirited .
Shugars , Moore and Fuller each indicated that they have observed this as a growing national trend .
Shouting match among Kalamazoo County officials raises conduct concerns A confrontation that involved a Kalamazoo county and city commissioner , both Democrats , has called the conduct of elected officials into question .
Moore filed an incident report with the Michigan State Police in May after she and a constituent argued about a resolution calling for the closure of the Enbridge Line 5 oil pipeline . The incident did not result in charges , but Moore told police she was worried the man would strike her with his cane .
During a public meeting , Moore said the exchange tempted her to reach for something in her purse at the front doors of the county Administration Building .
Enbridge Line 5 discussion derails Kalamazoo County meeting Citizens turned the county board 's business meeting into a pressure cooker .
The comment , and her display of a concealed firearm license , was seen as a veiled reference to drawing a weapon . Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America called Moore 's statements `` unethical . ''
An additional sheriff 's deputy was present before the Enbridge Line 5 vote on May 16 in order to maintain safety in the room .
Meetings have been less hostile since , but two Kalamazoo County residents in particular have made Moore feel uncomfortable . Moore said she also receives messages that threaten her personal safety on social media .
Commissioner 's veiled reference to gun in purse called 'unethical ' A letter from Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense said statements by Kalamazoo County Board of Commissioners Vice Chair Stephanie Moore were `` unethical . ''
City resident Zachary Lassiter has been openly critical of Moore in public meetings and on social media . He also recorded the May exchange between Moore and a constituent , posting the video to Facebook .
Lassiter has called Moore 's conduct into question for making comments he found disparaging to people with disabilities , her use of a handicapped parking space at a county building , and texting during meetings .
Lassiter also filed a complaint with the Secretary of State on Nov. 18 for alleged campaign finance violations . On Dec. 1 , the state sent a letter to Moore and her campaign manager notifying them of an open investigation into the complaint , which alleges Moore did not place required disclaimers on campaign materials in the 2014 and 2016 elections , failed to file more than two statements required by law , and knowingly accepted an improper contribution from Friends of John Taylor , a committee for the former County chair .
Taylor signed a conciliatory agreement in the fall and agreed to recover the $ 794 from Moore and pay the same amount to the state .
' I am not your enemy , ' Vice Chair Stephanie Moore responds to criticisms The Democratic vice chair took time to defend herself Tuesday night .
Moore said she did n't intentionally break any rules , but intends to resolve the issues as soon as possible . She retained Miller Canfield to advise her in the matter , a move that bears financial toll , Moore said .
`` We have two different issues , '' she said . `` It 's good that we have watchdogs . We want good governance and everyone above boards . I do n't have a problem with that . When you twist it up -- try to disparage me -- when you want reaction and excitement from the media , it 's not healthy and not the best way to conduct business . ''
Lassiter declined to comment on Moore 's allegations , but indicated that he would be seeking legal counsel .
Also , Moore said a retired veteran known for impassioned testimony at public meetings swore at her after the county decided to transfer its veterans services department two weeks ago .
`` It 's one thing for you to stand at a space created for you to say whatever you want to say , '' Moore said . `` I do n't want to stifle anyone 's voice . It 's another thing to walk up on me ( and make threatening comments ) . That is not tolerable . ''
Dysfunction scars plan to transfer veterans services in Kalamazoo A plan to transfer Kalamazoo veterans services was marred by political disagreements Tuesday .
Moore said attacks on her have intensified since her support for Shugars clinched a vote to elect the Republican chair of the Board of Commissioners . Immediately following the vote , Moore was elected vice chair 6-5 , with votes from GOP commissioners and herself .
Frustrated with a lack of solidarity among Democrats , Moore said made a deal with Republicans to support her for the chair seat in 2018 . It 's yet to be seen if the quid pro quo exchange will be honored .
Shugars said the board has had a productive year , and would like to see its leadership remain in place .
`` I support Stephanie for chair , '' he said . `` I would serve as vice chair if that 's what the majority of commissioners would want . ''
Democrat makes deal with minority party to fill county leadership A surprising vote set a new status quo for 2017 .
Moore said her decision was about business , not politics . But local Democrats called it a backroom deal that betrayed their interests .
SAN FRANCISCO — Counterfeit traffic on the `` Dark Web , '' the less visible area of the Internet where criminals trade in illicit products and conceal their identities , has doubled year over year , according to security researcher ESET .
Directories on the Dark Web link to 500 sites that sell everything from fake passports and counterfeit currency to weapons , hard drugs and stolen credit-card numbers .
STORY : Online buyer , beware : Knockoff goods thrive on Web
And the emergence of bitcoin as a quick and easy digital currency has deepened the problem . When a buyer clicks to purchase , using bitcoin or a credit card , the information goes to another site , often in Eastern Europe , which in turn , transfers the order to a distributor in a third country , often India , China or Pakistan . The buy-and-sell traffic flows through a heavily encrypted underground computer network known as `` The Onion Router '' or `` Tor . ''
Even the FBI 's dismantling last year of Silk Road — a Dark Web site responsible for more than $ 1.2 billion in sales of illegal drugs , guns and porn — did n't last long . A new site , dubbed Silk Road 2.0 , briefly emerged — doing much of the same . And Grams , a new search engine accessible through Tor , trades in drugs , guns , stolen credit-card numbers , counterfeit cash and fake IDs .
Perpetrators of underground digital sites have taken to `` mixing services , '' in which bitcoin purchases are transferred between multiple parties to conceal their transactions , says Ryan Olsen , a researcher at computer-security firm Palo Alto Networks .
`` The untraceable nature of financial origins offered by Bitcoin bundled with the location anonymity innate to the Tor network puts counterfeit-goods trafficking on steroids , '' says Hemanshu Nigam , CEO of SSP Blue , an online security consulting firm .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1kuISfG
Rome is easily one of our favourite European cities so when we were contacted by a travel blogging city native who offered to give us a local 's guide , we did n't have to think too long about our answer . Davide Vadalà is one-half of Nomad travellers a blog about an international couple with itchy feet , from Italy and Romania . So far Davide has visited 37 countries and covered more than 30,000 km all without flying ! Here are 10 of his Rome favourites that he believes no visitor should miss…
Even if I 've been traveling the world for the last three years , it 's always a pleasure to go back in Rome to visit my family . It 's the occasion to rediscover the city where I grew up with the eyes of a foreigner , the knowledge of a local and the experience of a gypsy traveller . You could spend weeks visiting every day something new , and never get bored : archeological sites , parks , famous architectures and museums . And to finish the day you can just sit in one of the many squares , with a drink and a guitar on your side . It 's impossible to compress what to see in Rome in a short article , but the good thing is that you 'll know what not to forget ! Here are 10 places not to be missed in Rome by a local , so all you 've got to do now is book your trendy Rome Hotel and fly out there !
Colosseum
Nothing more obvious than this , but how not to include the symbol of Rome in my selection of 10 places you ca n't miss ? Since you already know everything about it , I add just a couple of hints : the Colosseum was a Stadium with a movable fabric roof , called “ Velarium ” . Yes you got it right , it was possible to close it or to leave it open according to the weather , thanks to the work of a team of sailors ! Shows in the Colosseum were free for everybody and it could contain up to 80 000 people . Not bad for being 2000 years old .
Il Buco di Roma
This is a good local tip , and you can praise yourself with your friends for knowing it . Il “ Buco di Rome ” is the keyhole of an entrance door , from where it 's possible to see Saint Peter 's Cathedral at the end of an avenue framed by vegetation . It 's the perfect place to go if you are planning to impress somebody . It 's not easy to find it , you better ask some locals when you are in Aventine Hill , not far from “ Circo Massimo ” .
Giardino degli Aranci
Il Giardino degli Aranci , is in direct proximity of “ Il buco di Roma ” , just a few hundred meters before it . As the Italian name is stating , it 's a garden with plenty of orange trees . The fruits are quite bitter , and they are collected by local associations to make jam to sell and fund projects . From the garden there is also a terrace overlooking Tiberim river and the city skyline . Nearby it 's possible to have also a great view over the Palatine Hill , and visit the Municipal Rose Garden if you happen to be there in May ( Free entrance ) .
Capitoline Hill
On top of the Capitoline Hill is situated the Municipality of Rome and the Capitoline Museums , a 600 years old exhibition where it 's possible to go through the history of Rome since its origins . The square was designed by Michelangelo , with the creation of a new palace , “ Palazzo Nuovo ” symmetrical to the original one “ Palazzo dei Conservatori ” , and a new pavement with a star shape , built only some centuries later . On the middle of the square is standing the equestrian statue of the Emperor Marcus Aurelius . From the terrace on the back , it 's possible to have the best view over the Roman forum .
Pantheon
The self sustaining dome of Pantheon is a masterpiece of ancient engineering , considering the size and the materials available at that time , still the biggest dome in the world made out only of concrete . Originally a Roman Temple , the Pantheon has been used since the 7th century as a catholic church , “ Santa Maria della Rotonda ” , still functioning today . Inside the church are buried the last Italian Kings and the world famous painter Raphael .
An urban legend pretend that it 's not raining inside the Pantheon , because of the warm air rising and going out through the hole : that 's a lie , and you 'll see it yourself even if it 's not raining , because on the floor there are several gutters to drain rain water .
Vatican Museum
Vatican Museums are actually part of Vatican City as it 's easy to understand , but for Roman inhabitant there is no difference between Rome and Vatican City . To be able to visit them completely , one whole day is needed , and you still need to go in a hurry . After you 'll be full of masterpieces and you 'll have admired enough the Sistine Chapel , you 'll be welcomed outside by the sumptuous spiral staircase leading to the exit . If you are on a budget , the last Sunday of each month , the entrance is free , but be ready to stand in line for hours .
Squared Colosseum
The “ Palazzo della Civiltà Italiana ” has been nicknamed Squared Colosseum after the series of arches that is covering its facades . Made popular by history , television and commercials , it 's possible to admire it in the district of “ EUR ” , ( Universal Exhibition of Rome ) , one of the newest neighborhood built during fascist time . Nowadays it is eternally closed or under restoration , but it 's still possible to admire it from the exterior , emerging on top of his podium .
Villa Torlonia
This is something that most of the travelers do n't even know it exist , but it 's definitely worth a visit . It 's a sumptuous Villa with a luxurious garden built during the 17th century , and completely transformed two centuries later . Originally owned by a local wealthy family , it was made famous later for being the private residence of the fascist dictator Mussolini . That 's why in the underground there are bunkers built transforming the pre-existent catacombs , that sometimes it 's possible to visit . Around the garden there are several dependencies , of which the “ Casina delle Civette ” is the jewel not to be missed , one of the few Art Nouveau buildings in Rome that it 's worth a visit .
Altar of the Fatherland
The “ Altare della Patria ” was built in memory of the first King of Unified Italy , and it houses today the eternal flame in memory of the “ unknown soldier ” . Locally know also as “ Vittoriano ” or the “ typewriter ” , it is commonly believed , by Romans themselves , to be built during fascism : this is a wrong fact since it was designed almost 50 years earlier . Inside it 's possible to visit a quite boring military museum , but with an extra ticket you have access to the elevator reaching the roof to have a 360° panorama of Rome .
Aniene Valley Nature Reserve
Rome is beautiful but it 's also really chaotic . If you had enough of the traffic , of the people sounding their horns and you risked several times to be crashed at the zebra crossing , then it 's time to escape from the city and take some rest . There are plenty of big urban parks in Rome , either in the center or in the suburbs . But if you are looking for something wilder than that , but still easily reachable , then a good option is to rent a bicycle and visit the “ Aniene Valley Nature Reserve ” . It 's a protected park following the river Aniene , one of the affluent of Tiberim , where it 's possible to cycle in the dedicated track not worrying about the traffic .
All words and photos by Davide Vadalà . Davide is a travel writer and travel photographer from Rome , but you wo n't easily find him there since he is permanently traveling the world . You can follow his stories reading his website http : //www.nomadtravellers.com/ and connect with him on Facebook and Twitter .
The real-life friendship between David Giuntoli ( the star of NBC 's Grimm ) and German DJ and YouTube personality Flula Borg is reflected in the plot of their new movie Buddymoon . Both actors share their characters first names in this story of an actor ( Giuntoli ) whose canceled wedding does not stop him from going on the honeymoon he had planned — a hike through the mountains of Oregon — but with his eccentric pal ( Borg ) instead .
“ Flula is my very good friend , ” Guintoli tells EW . “ It 's one of the best genesis stories for a friendship you can imagine . I was 21 or 22 years old , just post college , and we met while I was hiking around Europe . And apparently , according to his version of the story , I told him to come visit me someday in California . And then , sure enough , he just showed up . He 's a unique specimen . ”
“ I lived on his porch for some time , ” Borg says . “ It 's a very small , strange world . ”
WANT MORE EW ? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies , television and music .
But did working together spoil their friendship in any way ? No , according to Borg , except that he learned a valuable lesson to staying ( relatively ) sane and good-spirited while working . “ The one thing I was taught was that I need more snacks . Snacks are very important to staying friends . We shot in Oregon and I think our total budget was $ 50 , but that was just enough to go to Trader Joe 's every morning and save our friendship . ”
Check out this exclusive clip from the film , above . Buddymoon is in limited release in theaters and available on iTunes now .
I guess you could say I 've been around a bump or two in the 30 years since I wrote the first edition of What to Expect When You 're Expecting . Big bumps , little bumps , high bumps , low bumps , pierced bumps , tattooed bumps , covered bumps , bare bumps . Bumps of every shape , size , and color -- each , like the baby inside , one of a kind . And each the symbol of a beautiful new beginning -- a baby in the making , a future in the making . Really , our future in the making .
I 've lovingly rubbed a lot of bumps in my time ( I 'd like to say I always ask permission first , but sometimes my hands have a mind of their own ) . I 've hugged a lot of moms , too , sometimes hundreds in a day -- from Detroit to Dhaka , Los Angeles to London , Kansas to Cairo , San Diego to South Sudan , Ft . Hood to Rikers Island Prison . And this I know : As unique as every mom experience is , as different as we ultimately are , no matter what our cultural , religious , racial , political , socio-economic profile , motherhood is a sisterhood tied together by a single bond . We all want what 's best for our babies . We all want the same bright beginning for them . We all want that healthy , happy future for them . And truly , we 'd do anything in our massive reserves of mom power to make that happen .
Pregnancy and childbirth are never easy , let 's face it , even with all the cards stacked in our favor -- with all the resources at our fingertips , with caring partners and skilled practitioners , with good reproductive health care and financial stability , with access to the nutritious food expectant moms need to nurture the life growing within those beautiful baby bumps -- being a mom is still hard . Take those things away , and the challenges grow exponentially . And the chances that a baby will have the best start in life and the best shot at a healthy , happy , productive future -- every mom 's dream for her little one -- diminish . As I saw firsthand during my recent trip to South Sudan .
Each day around the world , about 800 women -- our sisters in motherhood -- die from preventable causes related to pregnancy and childbirth , and each year 1 million babies die within the first day of their life , ending the promise of that bright future before it begins . And the challenges moms face are n't limited to developing countries . In the U.S. , the wealthiest nation on the planet , both maternal and infant mortality are astonishingly high , especially in states such as Mississippi and Alabama where access to prenatal care , proper nutrition , and family planning remain astonishingly low .
But , we can change that -- really , we can . Healthy futures start with healthy beginnings , and the health of the world 's mamas-to-be is linked inextricably to the health of our world . We can shape that future , one mom , one bump , one baby at a time .
There are low-cost , high-impact solutions to end preventable maternal and infant deaths and support healthy moms and babies around the world , steps we can and should be taking to protect their future and our own :
Care for our future . Provide prenatal care throughout pregnancy , preferably starting before it begins , to every mom -- not just those who can afford or access it . Train more midwives and set up clinics and mobile clinics to provide that care in remote areas ( not only in Africa , but in Appalachia ) .
Feed our future . A baby 's future health is , in so many ways , formed before birth . Access to nutrition is crucial to a mom 's health during pregnancy and to her baby 's development in utero -- yet too many moms ca n't afford to feed themselves and their babies well , leading to a variety of preventable pregnancy complications , from gestational diabetes and hypertension to restricted growth and preterm labor , as well as stunted growth and cognitive development . Let 's nourish the nurturers by making healthy food available and affordable to every mom .
Plan for our future . Help moms plan for a healthy pregnancy . When a woman has access to voluntary family planning , she can become a mom at the time in her life that 's right -- and healthiest -- for her and for her future babies . This simple , cost-effective , common sense step lowers maternal and infant mortality .
Clearly , there is no more pressing global issue affecting our entire future than the health of pregnant women around the world . Yet , unbelievably , there is no single day devoted to it .
Until today .
On Wednesday , July 22 , I 'm teaming up with WhatToExpect.com , International Medical Corps , 1,000 Days , and the United Nations Foundation to bring bumps to the forefront -- where they belong . And I 'm hoping each and every one of you will join us .
It 's called # BumpDay -- and it 's a day to celebrate that sisterhood of motherhood , those beautiful bumps , those beautiful babies , that beautiful promise of a beautiful beginning . It 's also a day to generate awareness about the challenges moms face trying to give their babies the best start -- and the simple solutions that can help them overcome those challenges .
And it 's easy . Just post a picture of your bump or a bump you love on Instagram , Facebook or Twitter using # BumpDay . Every bump is welcome . Post your current bump , a bump blast from the past , a bump for each of the babies you 've had , your mom 's bump when she was expecting you . Dads , share your partner 's bump -- and show your bump love with your arms wrapped around it . Siblings and other loved ones are invited , too .
The People 's Organization for Progress ( P.O.P . ) in Newark commemorates the 186th anniversary of the Nat Turner Rebellion .
Celebrated on Monday , the organization gathered at Nat Turner Park . The park is the only one in the nation named after Turner . Monday 's gathering coincided with P.O.P . 's 83rd consecutive Justice Monday protest to demand federal intervention into the four New Jersey police brutality cases of Abdul Kamal , Kashad Ashford , Jerome Reid and Radazz Hearns . That rally will take place at the Federal Building in Newark .
On August 21st , 1831 , in Southampton Virginia , Turner , a slave preacher , led a slave uprising that rocked the United States and the slave industry . Although it would also be the most violently suppressed slave rebellion , it 's rise created a great division among America 's elite over the vulnerability and practicality slavery .
Lasting three days , 55 to 65 people were killed in the rebellion . It was the largest and deadliest slave uprising in U.S. history . In the aftermath , 56 slaves were accused for being part of the rebellion and killed along with 20 slaves and free African Americans murdered by militias and mobs . As a result , laws were passed in the South that prohibited slaves and free Blacks from being educated .
An Arkansas teenager was arrested Tuesday and charged with felony robbery after filing his water cup with soda at an Arkansas McDonald 's .
According KHBS/KHOG in Fayetteville , Arkansas , 18-year-old Cody Morris and two friends ordered three large waters at a Springdale McDonald 's . They then parked their car , dumped the water out of their cups and filled the cups with soda in the restaurant .
The manager of the restaurant asked the customers to return the sodas . Two of the customers gave up their drinks , Morris did not .
After Morris left the restaurant , the McDonad 's manager stood behind their car to prevent them from leaving . After striking him with the car once , the manager attempted to grab the keys from the ignition . Morris hit the manager on the hand , and then struck him with his car again .
Morris was arrested at a nearby bowling alley a short time later . He 's scheduled to appear in court on Friday .
This is n't the first time a McDonald 's customer has been arrested for trying to swipe some soda . In 2012 , Time reported that a Florida man was arrested and charged with a felony for repeatedly stealing soda from a McDonald 's . The same man was arrested a few months later after pulling the same trick at a Pizza Hut .
Alex Hider is a writer for the E.W . Scripps National Desk . Follow him on Twitter @ alexhider .
For more than 10 years , the property near a busy intersection sat dormant . Deeded to Lubavitch Center of Essex County , it had potential . At least , that 's what Rabbi Baruch and Devorah Klar thought . The space was too small for a synagogue , so the Klars kept paying taxes on a chunk of land that was filled with weeds , but little else . “ People kept saying to do something with it , ” says the rabbi , who with his wife directs Lubavitch Center of Essex County . N.J . The question was what . After hearing from a number of people that they got involved with Judaism after spending “ Shabbat around the Klars ' table , ” a seed was planted . RELATED Enter the “ Shabbat House , ” a place where Jews of all backgrounds and affiliations are welcome to come and enjoy a home-cooked Shabbat dinner together . The Klars began mapping out their plans for the Shabbat House in 2015 , with the facility officially opening in August 2016 . Since then , more than 1,000 people have enjoyed a Shabbat dinner or holiday meal together . Rhonda Lillianthal recalls how the rabbi once said that for him , every Friday night is a party . “ I think that 's what draws us there . It 's a place to really celebrate and be joyful , and to do that as a community , ” says this local resident and Jewish communal professional , who serves as the JCC MetroWest director for the Center for Jewish Life in West Orange , N.J. She and her husband , Gary , usually have guests in their home for Friday-night dinner , but will sometimes go to the Shabbat House . There 's something special it , she says ; it fills a niche . “ I think there are people who are n't connected to Shabbat and are perhaps intimidated to go to synagogue , where they might feel you have to know the decorum of a prayer service—when to sit , when to stand , ” she explains . “ This is a very casual way to experience Shabbat in a non-intimidating environment. ” The Shabbat House in Essex County , N.J .
‘ Come and Feel Comfortable ' Reminiscent of a ski chalet , the building interior is replete with Jerusalem stone and original artwork , a state-of-the-art kitchen and a light-filled main living space with a high cathedral ceiling where dozens of people gather each week for Friday-night dinner . It also has two bedrooms on the upper level , where the couple lives . With more than five large tables set up for Shabbat each week , the Klars can easily host between 50 and 60 people , though they have organized the seating for as many as 100 . By contrast , their old home fit 40 at most—and that was pushing it . “ Previously , to be at our house for dinner , you either had to be personally invited or come with somebody , ” explains the rabbi . “ But we thought to build an entity in the center of town where people would be able to just stop by and enter . It 's a community house . Anyone can come any Shabbat and feel comfortable. ” People are encouraged to register , signing up beforehand online , but the Klars always try to be accommodating . All of the kosher food is home-cooked by them—with the help of a slew of volunteers—and served buffet-style . The couple has three fridges and freezers to stock the abundant amount of items they need to have on hand . Rabbi Baruch and Devorah Klar , co-directors of Lubavitch Center of Essex County . N.J. Of course , they note , the Shabbat House is not where you go for a quiet meal . It 's where you go for Jewish company—to meet new people and get an authentic taste of the beauty of the holiday . Guests often share memories of previous Shabbat experiences , be it at summer camp or as children in their grandparents ' home . For the Klars , who also run the Lubavitch Center Judaica store , which sits kitty-corner from the Shabbat House , the opportunity to do something different was definitely appealing . For decades , the couple offered a Jewish Renaissance Fair that attracted thousands of people to Essex County for a Sunday of entertainment and connection to their heritage . They were also the force behind Café Devorah , a weekly Saturday-night , post-Shabbat celebration that offered up Jewish entertainment . They ran a Chabad synagogue in West Orange , N.J. , for a while , too , but as the rabbi says , “ not everyone is going to go to shul . We are not going to get 1,000 people to come to shul , but we 've already had more than 1,000 people come for Friday-night dinner at the Shabbat House. ” Women and girls participate in regular challah-making workshops at the Shabbat House .
XCOM 2 is a turn-based strategy game developed by Firaxis Games , being the sequel to the critically acclaimed XCOM : Enemy Unknown .
XCOM 2 STORY
Story-wise , XCOM 2 puts you back in the familiar boots of the Commander , the leader of the XCOM secret project which aimed at defending the planet against unknown forms of life . Eventually , XCOM broke and the aliens invaded Earth . To prevent total annihilation , the humans signed a treaty , named The Advent Treaty , in which the human race is basically under the control of the aliens , being led by The Elders , thus forming The Advent Coalition . It looks good on paper , ADVENT has done much to gradually improve public opinion of the aliens , most notably by the propagation of the belief that the aliens came in peace , and that the forces of Earth retaliated aggressively and with prejudice . The rest of the story will not be divulged , as it contains spoilers .
XCOM 2 GAMEPLAY
The gameplay is excellent , mostly improving on what XCOM : Enemy Unknown already performed on . The soldier classes have changed , but their roles have remained the same , with some additions :
Assault has been replaced by Ranger , a shadowy , mobile scout that can use melee weapons such as swords to deal massive amounts of damage to enemies .
The Heavy has been replaced by Grenadier , which still is the tanky class and still has access to big weapons such as laser cannons and grenade launchers .
The Support is now the Specialist , who can use his drone to offer aid to fellow soldiers or inflict damage to enemies , or can be used to attempt to hack towers or mech enemies .
The Sniper is being played as the Sharpshooter , who in addition of the Sniper Rifle has a Pistol that can be used to deal damage .
The gameplay mechanics players encountered in Enemy Unknown are still there , such as Overwatch ( an ambush-like ability in which you can shoot as soon as an enemy in sight moves ) and Hunker Down ( increases the soldiers defense while in cover ) . An interesting addition is Concealment , which allow the soldiers to start off as invisible for the enemy . This lets the player make up new tactics on the move ( set ambushes , flanking positions and so on ) .
The enemies come in a bigger variety . All of them have received a buff , making them stronger than their Enemy Unknown counter-parts . The small Sectoids have received human DNA , making them taller but also improving their psionic powers , being able to revive dead enemies or mind-controlling the XCOM soldiers . There is also an Advent opposition alongside the alien one , represented by Troopers , Lancers , Shieldbearers . The aliens have the Crissalids and tanky Mutons , with the Vipers coming in as a newly added unit .
The difficulty has definetly been increased by the events around the planet . The Aliens are developing a plan called The Avatar Project , which slowly increases in progress if you do not raid the research facilities or ambush alien transports . Some missions only allow a limited number of turns to be completed . If not , the mission will fail and your soldiers will have to force-retreat .
All of the planning , research , engineering and upgrades is being made on top of The Avenger , a battle-ship stolen from the aliens . The player can build new facilities inside the mobile base , which unlock different weapon and armor building , and also upgrades discovered through research.The gameplay overall feels like a breath of fresh-air , it has improved brilliantly from the first game , being harder , but more enjoyable at the same time .
XCOM 2 GRAPHICS
The graphics also suffered an improvement . The mission areas are detailed and varied . Particularly enjoyable are the city areas , having flashy street signs , colorful futuristic vehicles and big buildings in which you can wreak havoc . The soldier 's movements are fluid , more natural . The customization options are always welcome , as it lets the player make his own personal touch to the game . The concept of procedurally-generated levels had been previously scrapped in Enemy Unknown , as Firaxis had reason to believe that it would prove disadvantageous and buggy . They also thought that those procedurally-generated objects did not fit in with the atmosphere . Resultantly , Enemy Unknown features hand-crafted maps that were all designed by Firaxis . While the reception of these maps was generally positive , players complained that these maps eventually get repetitive . As a result , Firaxis decided to introduce a system called “ the plot and parcel system ” to alleviate the workload of the team . The graphics-engine that has been used in development is Unreal Engine 3.5 .
XCOM 2 greatly improves on it 's predecessor , with quality , difficult to master gameplay , a strong storyline in the background , and great , enjoyable graphics for the player . With the addition of the Steam Workshop , XCOM 2 has the potential to keep you inside it for hundreds of hours .
Overall Grade : Excellent
Buy the game on Kinguin
Trump 's Justice Department Is Trying to Turn Back the Clock on Workers ' Rights 100 Years
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Judge Neil Gorsuch speaks as President Donald Trump looks on during a ceremony in the Rose Garden at the White House April 10 , 2017 in Washington , DC . ( Photo by Eric Thayer/Getty Images )
On Monday , the Supreme Court heard oral arguments in a trio of cases , captioned as NLRB v. Murphy Oil , that examined whether management commits an unfair labor practice when it requires employees to sign arbitration agreements that waive their right to wage class-action lawsuits . The question of whether an employee can give up her right to act in concert with other workers may seem technical , but it implicates the very core of collective action .
During the hearing , Trump 's Department of Justice clearly sided with employers , who are calling for significant cutbacks to workers ' rights to take collective action .
The significance of this case was evident throughout the oral arguments . On one side the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) and a University of Virginia Law Professor argued that the issue implicates the basic employment rights of tens of millions of U.S. workers . On the other side , the Principal Deputy U.S . Solicitor Jeff Wall ( “ Solicitor ” ) and an attorney for the companies argued that these are technical issues related to contract and civil procedure .
The case revolves around a key question : Do forced arbitration agreements that ban collective or class legal actions violate Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act ( NLRA ) ? That section permits employees “ to engage in other concerted activities for the purpose of collective bargaining or other mutual aid or protection . ”
The employers ' and Solicitor 's position is that Section 7 only protects workers ' rights to get to the “ courthouse door. ” According to the line of reasoning this side presented in the courtroom , the NLRA gives workers the right to act together at work , but the moment their workplace concerns get to a legal forum , they have no right to continue together . Once they enter the courtroom or arbitrator 's chambers , the argument went , all parties must abide by the rules of the forum , be it the NLRB , the federal courts or the arbitrator . They argued that this principle applies even if those rules require workers to proceed individually .
The problem , of course , is that there is a long history of employers using forced contracts to require employees to waive their rights as a condition of employment .
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg invoked this history when she asked the attorney for the employers whether forced arbitration agreements are simply “ yellow dog ” contracts by another name . This was a reference to contracts where employees agree not to join a union as a condition of employment . ( “ Yellow dog ” contracts were made illegal in the 1932 Norris LaGuardia Act . )
Justice Stephen Breyer put an even finer point on the matter when he expressed his concern that the employers ' position “ is overturning labor law that goes back to , for [ Franklin D. Roosevelt ] at least , the entire heart of the New Deal . ”
Nonetheless , the arguments of the management-side attorneys appeared to gain traction with conservative Justices . This iss despite the fact that the employers ' side consistently failed to address a key problem : the rules of the forum that they said everyone has to follow are not made by some neutral third party . They are written by the employer , who then makes participation in the forum a condition of employment for the employee to sign the agreement . Research shows that almost 25 million non-union workers have been forced to sign such arbitration agreements .
Yet , some Justices bought the management-side argument . At one point , Justice Anthony Kennedy , who seemed to be the swing vote in this case , insisted that workers can still engage in collective action because they can simply go to the same attorney and ask her to represent them each individually .
Presumably , Justice Kennedy did not intend to imply that the attorney could share the details of each of the cases with each worker , because that would violate the confidentiality clause in many of these agreements . And presumably , he did not mean that the attorney could share confidential information , because then there would be no attorney-client privilege protection .
The employers ' counsel agreed with Justice Kennedy , and said that even though the confidentiality clause would prohibit the attorney from sharing information among the workers , it could n't “ stop the same lawyer from thinking about the three cases in conjunction. ” In Justice Kennedy 's words , “ that is collective action . ”
In reality , forced arbitration agreements that prohibit class or collective action have grown exponentially in recent years through a tactical decision by corporations to strip Americans of their rights to litigate their claims together . The NLRB responded in 2012 to the growing use of these forced arbitration agreements by finding that these agreements violate federal labor law .
The liberal Justices repeatedly demonstrated that this case is not about neutral rules of a forum , or technical issues of civil procedure , but about basic concepts of power .
Justice Ginsburg asked the Solicitor , “ What about the reality ? I think we have in one of these cases , in Ernst & Young , the individual claim is $ 1,800 . To proceed alone in the arbitral forum will cost much more than any potential recovery for one . That 's why this is truly a situation where there is strength in numbers , and that was the core idea of the NLRA . There is strength in numbers . We have to protect the individual worker from being in a situation where he ca n't protect his rights . ”
Justice Ginsburg was making the point that if workers can not bring class or collective actions , many who have low-dollar claims will be denied justice because it would be more expensive to bring their cases than they could possibly win .
The Solicitor 's response was telling . He claimed that the different arbitration agreements have different clauses , which deal with issues of costs and fees . In essence , he insisted , the contract takes care of those concerns . And , in the final analysis , the employers ' attorney and Solicitor explained that the contract—even if it is a forced contract—should trump any possible rights workers may have to bring their actions collectively .
In a sense , this position answered Justice Breyer 's initial question : Yes , this case does bring us back to a pre-New Deal framework , and the employers and Trump administration are comfortable with that .
This case is poised to have a far-reaching impact . When the Supreme Court struck down a California law prohibiting consumer arbitration agreements that waive consumers ' rights to file a class action , such arbitration agreements ballooned . If the Court similarly holds that workers do not have a substantive right under the NLRA to vindicate their labor and employment rights collectively , then it is likely that soon almost every non-union worker will face even more limitations to real justice .
