Photo via Apolyton
O , those oil companies ; they sure do love to play dirty . And the biggest US oil company , Exxon Mobil , has just got caught with its hand in the well -- the oil well that it purposefully sabotaged so no other company could use , that is . The Texas General Land Office has just revealed that Exxon `` maliciously '' destroyed its own oil fields so that no one else would be able to tap them -- and it 's getting slapped with a $ 1 billion fine for the crime . And wait till you hear what they did to the wells -- and what that fine will go towards cleaning up.It 's not pretty . In fact , it 's pretty disgusting . According to Bloomberg :
Jerry Patterson , commissioner of the land office that oversees oil leases that help fund Texas schools , asked the Texas Railroad Commission to conduct hearings into an alleged 1990s program at Exxon Mobil of plugging abandoned wells with trash , sludge , explosives and cement plugs . The barriers made it impossible for other producers to revive the wells , Patterson said in a statement he gave to Bloomberg News yesterday .
So that 's an environmentally offending twofer -- it both further degrades the area around the wells , and wastes the ever more scarce natural resource that had already been drilled for exploitation . On the bright side , I guess it 's a bit of petrol that wo n't get burned . . .
So why the spiteful rampage ? It seems Exxon had a bit of a falling out with one of Texas 's most prominent oil families , the O'Connors .
From the 1950s to the late 1980s , the O'Connors earned more than $ 40 million in royalties on crude and gas pumped from 121 wells that Exxon Corp. , as the company was then known , and a predecessor , Humble Oil & Refining Co. , drilled on the family 's land near Corpus Christi , according to court filings . The relationship between Exxon and the family deteriorated in the late 1980s , when the company 's request for a reduction in the 50 percent royalty rate was rebuffed , court documents showed . Exxon said the field was no longer profitable and began shutting wells , a process that concluded in August 1991 , the documents showed .
Two years later , Emerald Oil . . . agreed to lease from the O'Connors one-third of the area formerly operated by Exxon . When Emerald drilled into the plugged wells to revive production , drill bits collided with cement , severed pipes and explosive charges normally used to perforate rock formations , Patterson said .
After Exxon packed up and left town , the O'Connors decided to tap the rest of the oil from the partially sapped fields.Bad form indeed .
More on Exxon
Who Are They Kidding : Exxon Says Never Doubted Climate Change ...
Today is Exxon Valdez Remembrance Day
Exxon Turns Off Disinformation Tap
Yes to Yaya ! Toure vows to continue making history as he agrees new £45m , four-year deal at City
Yaya Toure has vowed to lead another assault on the Barclays Premier League next season after committing his future to Manchester City with a new four-year contract .
The midfielder , 29 , finally signed a deal worth more than £200,000 a week after months of negotiations with the defending champions .
And having signalled his intention effectively to end his career at the Etihad Stadium , Toure believes Roberto Mancini 's City will make up for their disappointing title defence by coming back much stronger next season .
Scroll down for video
All smiles : Yaya Toure signs a new contract witnessed by City director of football Txiki Begiristain Put it there : Toure shakes hands with Begiristain Warm embrace : Toure hugs Begiristain after putting pen to paper on his new deal
The Ivory Coast international said : 'This is where I want to be . When I first arrived at City every time I went to sleep I would dream about us winning something ; now it is about us being the best team in whatever competition we take part in .
' I will never forget how I have been treated here by the fans , the club and the owners and nothing would give me greater pleasure than to finish my career as a Manchester City player .
' I want to continue winning titles and trophies and continue to make history . I have enjoyed all of my time here and ca n't wait for the next chapter .
'This is an incredible club to be part of with fans that support the team to the end whatever the circumstances . '
Turning the focus to next season 's title challenge , he added : 'Of course now it looks likely that we will not successfully defend the Premier League title and that it is sad for all of us but we can still finish second and win the FA Cup for second time in three years and that is still an achievement for a club that won nothing for a long time .
'We must try to finish on a high note and then start preparing to win more next season . Football is always a challenge and always a puzzle to solve and that is why we all love the game .
'You have to use your skill , intelligence and strength to constantly improve and that is what we at City intend to do . '
The deal is done ! Yaya Toure on his phone at Carrington today as he agreed a new four-year contract at Manchester City worth around £45m
Toure arrived from Barcelona in the summer of 2010 to join his brother Kolo at City . Kolo is out of contract this summer and will also be offered a new deal , albeit on reduced terms as he is now only a reserve defender .
Both will be part of the City squad that goes to Old Trafford on Monday night to face Manchester United , who lead the Premier League by 15 points .
Yaya would have had his pick of top clubs across Europe had he left , but added : ‘ This is where I want to be . Nothing would give me greater pleasure than to finish my career as a Manchester City player . '
Toure , who joined from Barcelona for £24m in the summer of 2010 , had grown frustrated at a lack of progress in contract negotiations and his agent Dimitri Seluk went on record to say the player could move in the summer .
Influence : Toure has been a powerful presence in City 's midfield since arriving from Barcelona in 2010
Spectacular : Toure scores on the volley for City against Ajax in the Champions League earlier this season
But the defending Premier League champions have moved quickly to complete negotiations after the international break and confirmed an agreement has been reached .
His influence in City 's midfield remains as strong as ever and Toure was a little confused that a new contract had not been sorted in the first half of the season .
City 's hope of retaining the Premier League look slim as rivals United currently enjoy a 15-point lead at the top , but they could reduce that deficit in Monday 's derby at Old Trafford .
Toure was majestic as they clawed back eight points to dramatically win the title last season , with his display in the 1-0 win over United last April being particularly impressive .
And no matter what happens this season the midfielder will be key as City search for more trophies in the future - just as he was in his first season at the Etihad , when he scored the winner in the FA Cup final against Stoke to end City 's 35-year wait for a major honour .
Happy : Toure has committed himself to City for another four years despite Man United looking likely to snatch the title back this season
The wait is over : Toure was instrumental in City 's FA Cup success of 2011 , which ended a trophy drought of 35 years
While I 've been in New York City , I 've been running around having fun ( a post-book treat for me ) , and yet readers have been sending me pieces about Reza Aslan , who apparently is on a media blitz to whitewash Islam after the sharp criticisms leveled by Bill Maher and Sam Harris . ( One unctuous example can be found here . )
I am SO tired of Aslan 's apologetics about the faith , which never stand up to the merest scrutiny , and I 'm equally tired of his self-promotion . I 've said enough about him for the time being , but reader Heather Hastie , who has her own website , decided to write a piece dissecting Aslan 's claim that female genital mutilation ( FGM ) is “ not an Islamic practice. ” ( I believe Aslan originally touted it as an “ African practice ” . ) And indeed , there are non-Muslim Africans who practice this barbaric mutilation , but it 's been largely coopted by Islam as a religiously-mandated mutilation . ( See Ayaan Hirsi Ali 's book Infidel for how it was practiced on her . )
But I 'll let you read Heather 's analysis over at her website Heather 's Homilies . Her post , which well repays a read , is called “ Reza Aslan : Lying for Islam on FGM. ” Please leave comments on Heather 's website rather than here , as it 's her post . One brief excerpt :
In Sunni Islam , there are four schools of jurisprudence that express and opinion on the matter . Two of them , the Hanbali and Shafi ' i schools , consider FGM obligatory , while the other two , the Hanafi and Maliki schools , recommend it . In addition , there have been several fatwas issued regarding FGM over the years , the majority of which favour it . ( Fatwas are not compulsory , but devout Muslims consider them morally imperative . ) For example , Fatwa 60314 includes statements that express the importance of FGM within Islam and dismiss the opinions of doctors .
There 's a copy of Fatwa 60314 to see at her post .
~
After months of leaks , Samsung today unveiled the Galaxy Note8 in an event in New York City . The company 's latest stylus-equipped flagship smartphone is expected to be available for preorder starting tomorrow , August 24 . The phone ships on September 15 with Android 7.1.1 Nougat , but you can expect it will be upgradeable to Android Oreo , which was only officially announced two days ago . The phone retails for around $ 930 to $ 960 , depending on where you get it .
The Galaxy Note8 succeeds the Galaxy Note7 ( you may think that 's obvious , but the Note7 succeeded the Note5 ) . Samsung is likely holding its breath with the Galaxy Note8 given the Galaxy Note7 fiasco due to exploding batteries that led to a product recall . The direct result of this is that the Note8 has a smaller 3300mAh battery , which can be charged either via the USB-C port or wirelessly .
Samsung 's Galaxy Note8 features a 6.3-inch Super AMOLED edge display ( 1440 x 2960 resolution , 18.5:9 aspect ratio , 521 pixels per inch ) and has minimal top and bottom bezels which the company markets as Infinity . For those wondering , yes , this is the biggest screen ever on a Note device .
The phone is powered by an Exynos 8895 system-on-chip globally and Qualcomm 's Snapdragon 835 in the U.S. , 6GB of RAM , and starts at 64GB of internal storage ( 128GB and 256GB variants also available , all expandable via a microSD slot ) . The device is also IP68-certified , meaning it is dust and water resistant . The phone weighs 195g and physical dimensions come in at 162.5mm by 74.6mm by 8.5mm .
There are two rear cameras with 12-megapixel sensors and optical image stabilization — one lens is a wide-angle with an f1.7 aperture and dual-pixel autofocus ; the telephoto lens is f2.4 and enables a 2x optical zoom . The front camera features an eight-megapixel sensor and an f1.7 autofocus lens . You can also expect the usual fingerprint scanner on the back and an iris scanner on the front .
Samsung has included a few software features to show off the cameras . Live Focus lets you control the depth of field by adjusting the bokeh effect in preview mode and after you take the photo , while Dual Capture mode takes two pictures simultaneously ( one close-up shot from the telephoto lens and one wide-angle shot that shows the entire background ) .
The Note8 would n't be a Note without Samsung 's S Pen . The S Pen this year comes with a finer tip and software improvements ( such as hovering with it over text to translate entire sentences in up to 71 languages , as well as convert units and foreign currencies ) .
Speaking of custom software , the digital assistant Bixby is included — just yesterday Samsung revealed the service is available in 200 markets , albeit only in English and Korean . Also worth noting is support for Samsung DeX , which allows you to connect the phone to a monitor , keyboard , and mouse for a desktop-like experience .
The Galaxy Note8 comes in Midnight Black , Maple Gold , Orchid Grey , and Deep Sea Blue . If you preorder a Galaxy Note8 , you have two bundled accessory choices : a 128GB microSD card and wireless charger or a Gear 360 camera .
Given the importance of 5v5 shot metrics in predicting future outcomes , it 's easy to forget about the importance of special teams when it comes to driving results . Over the last decade , approximately 20 % of the game has been spent on special teams , accounting for almost 25 % of the total goals scored . Despite contributing to nearly a quarter of goal differentials , this area of the game tends to receive very little attention from hockey nerds like myself .
This is n't to say that it 's been completely neglected . There 's been some excellent research proving the value of shot metrics in predicting future goal scoring on the power play , which is similar to the trend we 've observed with 5v5 play . The consensus within the analytics community seems to be that shot suppression ( CA/60 ) is the best predictive measure of future goal prevention on the PK . Predicting future goal scoring on the power play is more of a mixed bag . Shot generation metrics ( CF/60 and FF/60 ) tend to have the most predictive value within-season , while goal metrics ( GF/60 ) actually have more predictive power from season to season at the team level .
One area we have n't dipped our feet into yet is zone start adjusting special teams metrics . While there 's been some awesome work by Prashanth Iyer and Tyler Dellow highlighting the importance of 4v5 zone starts , it has n't made its way into public databases yet . We have great 5v5 ZS adjustments on websites like Corsica and Puckalytics based on some of the terrific research in the field , but unfortunately similar adjustments are n't available for the penalty kill or power play . This got me thinking : why do n't we have ZS adjustments for 4v5 or 5v4 play ? After hours of digging , I was n't able to find a good answer to that question . The frustration that ensued has motivated me to start this project . My goal here is to make an introductory attempt at creating zone start adjustments for 4v5 & 5v4 shot metrics .
The Logic Behind It
Before we get into the numbers side of things , let 's think about the dynamics of a power play from the perspective of the defending team . As a penalty killer , the initial faceoff is in your defensive zone . Statistically , there is a stronger chance of the team with the man advantage winning the faceoff ( ~54 % ) , so you 're already at a disadvantage before play 's even started . Even if you win the 4v5 faceoff , there 's still a decent chance that the opposition will hound you on the forecheck and regain possession before you 're able to clear the zone . For example , Washington 's power play accomplished this on 18 % of lost faceoffs last year .
To make a long story short , if you 're starting your 4v5 shift in the defensive zone , you 're much more likely to face an opposing power play that 's set up in formation . This is extremely important to remember because once in formation , a power play unit is all but guaranteed to generate a shot attempt . It 's pretty hard to suppress shots when most of your time killing penalties looks like this :
To contrast this , let 's think about starting your 4v5 shift ‘ on the fly ' ( OTF ) . If your PK unit gets the opportunity to change on the fly , it probably means that they 've iced the puck , or at the very least cleared the zone . This allows the players hopping over the boards to set up in a neutral zone trap and defend opposing zone entries at the blue line . So if you 're starting your 4v5 shift on the fly , it typically looks like this :
The contrast between these two images paints a pretty good picture of why context matters when we 're looking at players ' 4v5 shot suppression . Players given a 4v5 DZ start are much more likely to face a power play that 's set up in formation than penalty killers with an OTF start . Based on Arik Parnass ' work , we know that elite players will successfully gain the zone and establish formation ( or a rush shot ) about 40 % of the time on the power play , with most players falling in the low 30 % range . So to quickly summarize : penalty killers with a DZ start are facing an in-formation power play about half of the time , while those with an OTF start are only doing so about one-third of the time . That 's a pretty sizeable difference .
When it comes to the impact of zone starts on the power play , we can simply reverse this logic . Players given more OZ starts are put in a position to succeed , while those given OTF starts face more of an uphill battle . Arik Parnass ' research has proven that a team 's ability to get in formation is currently the most effective way to predict future success on the power play , so it 's important to remember that players on the 1st unit PP have a much better opportunity to accomplish this with an OZ start than 2nd units do with an OTF start . This is going to result in 1st unit PPs generating more shots and chances , independent of ability .
After breaking it down logically , we know that zone starts clearly matter on special teams . The question now becomes : how much do they matter ?
The Math Behind It
This is where things get a bit nerdy . I 've used Corsica 's data from 2007-2016 , looking at players with a minimum of 500 minutes at either 4v5 or 5v5 . This gives us a sample of 190 Forwards & 191 Defensemen on the penalty kill , as well as 297 Forwards & 128 Defensemen on the power play . If you 're wondering why those PP numbers look a bit weird , keep in mind that 4-forward PP units are becoming more common these days .
Using Corsica 's awesome data , I was able to quantify how many shift starts per 60 players had in each zone ( and on the fly ) at both 4v5 & 5v4 . I used these numbers to determine the r2 between the players ' zone starts and shot metrics . This r2 number refers to how much of the variance in a player 's results that can be explained by their zone start usage . For example , 49 % of forwards ' 4v5 shot suppression ( CA/60 ) can be explained by the number of shifts they start On The Fly per 60 minutes ( OTF/60 ) . Here 's a list of the r2 numbers :
4v5 Forwards
4v5 Defensemen
5v4 Forwards
5v4 Defensemen
The take-home point from these numbers is similar to our qualitative analysis earlier : zone starts really matter on special teams . The data indicates that 4v5 DZ & OTF starts impact players ' shot metrics , but do n't have as significant of an impact on goal metrics . This is similar to the trend we 've seen in 5v5 play , since on-ice save percentages fluctuate like crazy .
When we look at the power play , OZ & OTF starts have a very strong impact on both shot metrics and goal metrics . It makes sense that these would impact shot generation , like we discussed earlier . When it comes to the strong correlation with goals though , my theory is that coaches are successfully identifying their players with the best shooting talent ( impact on Sh % ) and giving them more 5v4 OZ starts by placing them on the 1st unit PP . This is n't to say that there are n't other factors in play ; it 's simply my best guess at explaining the relationship .
One tricky area for me when looking at the data was 4v5 OZ starts & 5v4 DZ starts . On the one hand , they seem to explain a decent amount of the variance in players ' results . On the other hand , they account for such a tiny proportion of players ' shifts on special teams , so how much can we really trust them ? To show you what I 'm talking about , here 's a quick breakdown of how often players start their shifts in each zone :
As you can see , 4v5 OZ starts only account for 3 % of your PK shifts , while DZ starts & OTF starts account for over 85 % of the shifts . These numbers are similar when it comes to 5v4 play , with OZ starts taking the place of DZ starts ( since that 's where most faceoffs will occur on the PP ) . Since they account for such a small amount of players ' ice time ( only 3 % or 4 % ) , I 'm going to be excluding these particular zone starts in my analysis . Although the correlations indicate that they may have some value , personally I think the sample size is an issue . With special teams analysis , we 're already dealing with very small samples , so I 'm skeptical of putting significant stock in a 3 % slice of that small sample . NZ starts will also be excluded since they explain very little of the variance in players ' special teams results . This leaves us with DZ & OTF starts for 4v5 play , as well as OZ & OTF starts for 5v4 play .
My Method
Although I made ZS adjustments for every metric ( Corsi , Fenwick , Shots , Expected Goals , and Goals ) , to make this explanation easier we 'll use the example of shot suppression ( CA/60 ) for Forwards on the PK . After doing some regression analysis , I was able to determine players ' “ expected ” CA/60 based on their zone starts . I then took the league average 4v5 CA/60 ( which is 86.13 over the past 9 seasons ) and subtracted it by the player 's expected CA/60 . This tells us how much more difficult or easy that player 's zone starts were relative to league average . Finally , I added that amount to the player 's Observed CA/60 to get the final ZS adjusted CA/60 .
To help explain how this works , let 's look at a couple players on extreme ends of the spectrum . Boyd Gordon would be expected to allow 10.4 more shot attempts per 60 based on his heavy DZ usage , while Blake Wheeler would be expected to allow 13.2 fewer shot attempts per 60 because of his heavy OTF usage . I simply took these numbers ( -10.4 in Gordon 's case , +13.2 for Wheeler ) and added them to their observed CA/60 ( the number you 'd see on a site like Corsica or Puckalytics ) to determine their final ZS adjusted CA/60 . So we subtract 10.4 from Gordon 's observed CA/60 of 101.5 to reach his ZS adjusted CA/60 of 91.1 , while we add 13.2 to Wheeler 's observed CA/60 of 74.7 to reach his ZS adjusted CA/60 of 87.9 . Looking up these players ' shot metrics on Corsica , we 'd see 101.5 vs 74.7 and probably conclude that Gordon 's much worse than Wheeler on the PK . After adjusting for zone starts though , we can see that they 're much closer in 4v5 shot suppression when you account for their extreme ZS usage .
This process was repeated for all 4v5 metrics ( CA/60 , FA/60 , SA/60 , xGA/60 , GA/60 ) and 5v4 metrics ( CF/60 , FF/60 , SF/60 , xGF/60 , GF/60 ) .
The Results
Here 's the link to the final ZS adjustments . For transparency , I 'm also providing the formulas I used in my analysis , which can be found here if you 're interested . For 4v5 play , I 'd recommend sorting players by ZS adjusted CA/60 and xGA/60 , since they 're the best predictors of future goals against on the penalty kill . When looking at 5v4 play , I personally prefer xGF/60 , but I 've heard several good arguments for using CF/60 or FF/60 .
Thanks to the wonderful Sean Tierney ( who you should definitely follow on Twitter @ ChartingHockey ) , I also have some lovely charts to show you . We agreed that the best way to visualize the data was by comparing players ' “ Expected ” Corsi ( based on their ZS usage ) to their “ Observed ” Corsi ( the number you would find on Corsica or Puckalytics ) . What we end up with is a great way of visualizing which players are outperforming their usage and which ones probably should n't be on the ice . If a player is closer to the top right , it means that they 're playing very well . The closer they move to the bottom left…not so good . I recommend checking out the interactive charts here , where you can run your mouse over the scatter plot to see which player is which , but here 's a quick preview :
Again , if you click on this link it will take you to the interactive tableaus . Dashboard 1 is PK Defenders , Dashboard 2 is PK Forwards , Dashboard 3 is PP Defenders , and Dashboard 4 is PP Forwards . If you would like to look at players on a specific team , just click on the logo of the team want to see .
Limitations & Future Directions
I 've found that the best zone start analysis looks at individual shifts using Play-By-Play data . Unfortunately , my coding skills are n't quite at Chris Bosh levels , so I had to rely on aggregated data for this project ( Corsica + Excel = the extent of my abilities ) . In the future , I think digging into 4v5 & 5v4 Play-By-Play data will provide a more detailed look into the impact of zone starts on special teams .
Another important thing to consider is that there are plenty of contextual factors that impact players ' results on special teams besides zone starts , most notably a player 's Quality of Teammates ( QoT ) and Quality of Competition ( QoC ) . For example , it 's a lot easier killing penalties alongside Patrice Bergeron than it is with Tanner Glass . Similarly , playing against Ovechkin 's unit is much different than those tough shifts against PP wizard John Mitchell . It would be awesome if we could weight these QoT & QoC factors the way that DTM About Heart has with his 5v5 XPM metric .
Even if we developed a 4v5 & 5v4 XPM metric though , it 's important to remember how much of an impact coaching and systems can have on special teams results . Just take a look at how drastically the Leafs ' 4v5 & 5v4 shot metrics changed in their first season under Mike Babcock :
They put up those excellent shot metrics despite icing power play units with the likes of Brad Boyes , Peter Holland , Shawn Matthias , even Joffrey Lupul 's corpse – I think it 's fair to say that coaching can have a huge impact on special teams .
At the end of the day though , I think these ZS adjustments provide us with a better evaluation of shot metrics on special teams . They 're definitely not perfect , but they 're much better than relying on the unadjusted data that we currently have . Personally , I think the biggest advantage of using these adjustments is to better identify PK performance , since most of us can already identify effective PP performers pretty easily ( sorting by 5v4 Points per 60 over the last 4 years gives you a pretty good look at the league 's best players on the power play ) . I 'm looking forward to how the analytics community can build on this work . It 's only a matter of time before we have ZS adjustments for special teams in public databases like Corsica and Puckalytics . I 'm glad I could do my part to help accelerate that process and get the conversation started .
The Year of CoCoRo Video # 41/52 : Metacognition
The EU-funded Collective Cognitive Robotics ( CoCoRo ) project has built a swarm of 41 autonomous underwater vehicles ( AVs ) that show collective cognition . Throughout 2015 – The Year of CooRo – we 'll be uploading a new weekly video detailing the latest stage in its development . In this week 's video we offered the swarm targets of different quality or size .
In addition to target search , we also implemented an improved version of the “ fireslime ” algorithm , which is inspired by fireflies and slime mould . We have already shown that this algorithm is capable of measuring the sizes of local robot groups with just a 1-bit blinking signal . By combining the target search and swarm-size measurement algorithms , we can generate a meta-cognition algorithm for the swarm .
First the robots search and aggregate at the targets . Then they count the size of their local aggregations and , if this number is too low , each robot knows that the swarm – as a whole – did not make a clear decision . This is clear metacognition by the swarm : the swarm is collectively aware of whether or not it knows what the best magnetic target site is .
Whether you 're spending the rest of the year in shorts or bundled up , winter has officially arrived . To honor the winter solstice , we 've compiled an album of wildlife in the snow at wildlife refuges across the country . Let 's embrace the beauty of the season !
Red Foxes at Alaska Penninsula NWR
Sparring red foxes at the Alaska Peninsula National Wildlife Refuge by Robert Dreeszen .
Bison at National Elk Refuge in Wyoming
Bison with a frosty mask at National Elk Refuge by Chris Clapp , volunteer .
Red-tailed Hawk at Bear River Migratory Bird Refuge in Utah
Juvenile red-tailed hawk at Bear River Migratory Bird Refuge by Mike Guyant , volunteer .
River Otters at Squaw Creek NWR in Missouri
River otters enjoy the partially frozen wetlands at Squaw Creek National Wildlife Refuge by Kenny Bahr .
Deer at John Heinz NWR in Pennsylvania
Deer with a sprinkle of snow on its nose at John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge by Barbara Wheeler Photography , volunteer .
Loggerhead Shrike at Malheur NWR in Oregon
Loggerhead shrike in snow at Malheur National Wildlife Refuge by Craig Lewis , USFWS .
Muskrat at Great Meadows NWR in Massachusetts
This photo of a muskrat chowing down at Great Meadows National Wildlife Refuge is copyright ( c ) 2013 Bob Travis and made available under a CC BY-NC 2.0 license .
Black-tailed Prairie Dogs at Rocky Mountain Arsenal NWR in Colorado
Black-tailed prairie dogs at Rocky Mountain Arsenal National Wildlife Refuge by Lee Winnike , 2012 photo contest winner .
Bald Eagle at Camas NWR in Idaho
Bald eagle in a snow covered tree at Camas National Wildlife Refuge by Lance Roberts , USFWS .
Sandhill Crane at Bosque del Apache NWR in New Mexico
This photo , `` Sandhill Crane in snow Bosque del Apache NWR '' is copyright ( c ) 2015 Mark Watson and made available under a CC BY-NC-ND 2.0 license .
Tundra Hare at Yukon Delta NWR in Alaska
Tundra hare crosses a partially frozen pond at Yukon Delta National Wildlife Refuge by Allen Stegeman .
Coyote at Seedskadee NWR in Wyoming
Coyote in hoar frost at Seedskadee National Wildlife Refuge by Tom Koerner , USFWS .
TSN Toronto reporter Mark Masters checks in with news and notes from Maple Leafs practices and game-day skates . The Maple Leafs practised Monday at the MasterCard Centre ahead of Wednesday 's home game against the Minnesota Wild .
- Last week , when James van Riemsdyk and William Nylander had their names surface in trade speculation , head coach Mike Babcock went out of his way to reach out to the two players . `` There was a bunch of talk about [ van Riemsdyk ] and Willy when we were in Calgary and someone told me about it so I just said , 'Just play hard and do n't worry about it . ' We 're not looking to move those guys . '' The rumours do n't really bother van Riemsdyk anymore . `` You do n't worry about it too much and that comes from experience , '' the 27-year-old winger said . `` I remember going through that sort of thing right after I got drafted and my first couple of years in Philly and it tends to eat at you a little bit more . But now you realize it 's completely out of your control and it does n't really faze you . '' Van Riemsdyk grew up a New York Yankees fan and saw how intense the media coverage was for the Bronx Bombers . He believes that helped him be ready for the microscope players live under in Toronto . `` You see the things that can happen . You see the guys who get traded all the time , so nobody 's invincible in that regard . '' Van Riemsdyk , who currently serves as the Leafs player rep , said he understands the way the business works now , unlike his first few years in the NHL . `` You take it a little more personally at that point , '' he said . `` You 're a little naive to the fact that those sorts of things happen . You never think it will happen to you . You learn as you go a little bit as far as the different things and the intricacies of building a team . ''
- Van Riemsdyk scored his 100th goal as a Leaf on Saturday in Vancouver , something he was well aware of thanks to his father . `` My dad mentioned it to me after the last game [ when he scored No . 99 ] . He knows all those little tidbits , '' the New Jersey native said with a smile . After Monday 's practice , van Riemsdyk reflected on his trade to Toronto and how it helped his career reach a new level . `` It was my big opportunity to kind of show what I could do , '' van Riemsdyk said . `` Randy [ Carlyle ] gave me a chance to play more minutes , play a more meaningful role and I tried to take that and run with it . He gave me a chance to spread my wings a little bit . It has just been a great place to play and live just with the support that we get . The city , in general , is just a great place to be . I could n't ask for a better change . '' Van Riemsdyk is tied with Auston Matthews for the team lead with 11 goals . Considering his strong play of late , he understands why his name is being linked to trade talk . `` I 'd like to think I 'm a productive player , '' he said with a smile , `` and hopefully teams always need those . '' Babcock was pleased with how van Riemsdyk , Tyler Bozak and Mitch Marner performed on Saturday , calling them Toronto 's `` best line by far '' against the Canucks . Babcock met with van Riemsdyk on Monday to go over some of his positive plays recently . `` He 's becoming a better player , obviously , and he 's stronger , '' the coach said .
- After practising with the Leafs on Monday , Jhonas Enroth met with general manager Lou Lamoriello , who informed the goalie he was being placed on waivers . `` Obviously , was n't going good enough and we 're just in the situation where we 're making a change , '' Babcock explained . Enroth started four games , all on the road and all in the second half of a back-to-back , posting an 0-3-1 record with an .872 save percentage . Who will be the backup goalie on Wednesday ? `` Andy 's starting , '' is all Babcock would say . Following practice , Enroth accompanied the team on their annual visit to The Hospital for Sick Children .
- Before the main practice started on Monday , goalie coach Steve Briere was on the ice with Andersen and Enroth working with an iPad . Andersen had a camera attached his helmet . `` That was new for today , '' Andersen said . `` We tested that out to see if we can find something interesting in how I 'm tracking the puck . '' The pre-practice session lasted about 40 minutes and also included a set of strings with a puck attached to help the goalies see the trajectory of the shots . `` It 's a mix of things I 've seen before , but also some new stuff , '' Andersen said when asked about Briere 's tools . While he 's worked with similar gadgets before , Andersen said he 's never done it this much and never had such a high quality of technology . As for the camera , he 's hoping he does n't have to wear it too many times . `` Usually guys tend to shoot for it , try to break it , '' he said with a smile . `` That 's probably the worst part . '' Briere also uses some low-tech props , including a pair of mannequins to simulate screens . `` This way you can shoot a little bit harder and not have to worry about injuries , '' said Andersen , who has never worked with mannequins in the past . Sometimes Briere will attach the mannequins to a rope and pull them across the crease as the shot is coming . `` They move more than some other guys once Steve pulls the strings , '' Andersen said with a chuckle . Here 's video of today 's pre-practice session with Briere and Andersen :
- Andersen , who missed practice on Friday due to an illness , said he was never in danger of missing Saturday 's game . Although he acknowledged he got `` winded a bit quicker than usual '' because of his lack of time on the ice in the lead up to the game . The Leafs did n't practice on Thursday and did n't hold a morning skate on Saturday because of the 4 p.m. local start . Andersen said by the second period he was feeling much better .
- After sitting out six of seven games as a healthy scratch , Martin Marincin made an impressive return to the Leafs ' lineup Saturday afternoon in Vancouver . `` He was big and he moved the puck and he was involved on the offensive blueline and did n't make a lot of mistakes , '' said Babcock . Marincin led all Leafs defenceman with a 74.19 Corsi For % against the Canucks . ( Source : Corsica.hockey ) `` Marty 's got a lot of talent , confidence is the biggest issue for him , '' Babcock said . `` He 's got to earn the right to be in every day . He played real good down the stretch for us last year . He 's got to find that game on a consistent basis . ''
- Per Babcock , Matt Hunwick missed practice for maintenance . Last week , the veteran defenceman acknowledged that he 's `` still managing '' issues related to the lower-body injury , which forced him to miss seven games earlier this season . Meanwhile , Matt Martin was sick on Monday and did n't join his teammates on the ice . Peter Holland , who did n't accompany the team on the Western Canada trip , was once again absent . Babcock did n't have any new information on his status .
Practice Lines :
van Riemsdyk-Bozak-Marner
Hyman-Matthews-Brown
Komarov-Kadri-Soshnikov
Leivo-Nylander-Smith
Rielly-Zaitsev
Gardiner-Carrick
Marincin-Polak
Corrado
Andersen
Enroth
Do n't worry , girls . `` You 're as smart as any boy . ''
That was the message Monday from Vice President Biden as he pep-talked a group of young women during a White House technology event , in a uniquely Biden way .
The veep and President Obama were both talking with students Monday for part of the `` hour of code '' -- an event promoting computer programming , held at the White House campus and across the country .
According to the pool report of the event , Obama and Biden talked to students scattered around four tables Monday morning .
At one of the tables , Biden was speaking to an all-girl group when he brought up the gender issue .
`` You guys do understand , by the way , you 're as smart as any boy in the world . You know that , right ? '' Biden said . `` ... There 's not a single , solitary thing a man can do that you ca n't do . Just remember that . ''
The girls mostly were looking at their computer screens while he talked . One of them asked the vice president , `` do you want to try ? '' and he scooted over to look at the screen .
While it was unclear what prompted Biden to tell the code-writing ladies they were as good as the guys , the VP was n't shying away from the remarks .
After a CBS News reporter tweeted the comments , Biden 's office retweeted them .
The tech industry indeed is male-dominated , despite the rise of execs like Yahoo ! CEO Marissa Mayer . According to one recent report , Google , Facebook and Mayer 's Yahoo ! are still made up mostly of men .
Obama , meanwhile , encouraged the group of young Americans in Washington on Monday to pursue computer sciences .
`` All across the country , people are doing code , '' Obama said , according to the pool report . `` Not just how to play a video game , but how to code a game . ''
Former Obama Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz ( shown ) announced the formation of a new organization on energy and climate change at a National Press Club Headliners Newsmaker news conference June 21 . It is called the Energy Futures Initiative ( EFI ) , and Moniz will be serving as its president and CEO .
Do we really need still another lobbying group to join the global warming hysteria choir ? Apparently so , even though there are already thousands of organizations to promote the claim that anthropogenic ( human-caused ) global warming , or AGW , threatens the existence of life on Earth . These government agencies , UN agencies , NGOs , universities , laboratories , and think tanks suck up hundreds of billions of dollars annually from taxpayers and tax-exempt foundations , and then insist that we cough up even more , so that they can conduct more “ research ” and run more computer models that will convince us we need to let them save us , by giving them carte blanche to run the planet — and our lives .
However , Americans have been catching on to the fact that the climate alarmists have been stupendously wrong on virtually every one of their dire predictions . And they are learning that , in spite of the incessant media propaganda and scaremongering headlines about a steadily heating planet , Earth 's global surface temperatures have been on pause — no measurable increase — for the past 20 years !
Candidate Trump 's pledge to reverse President Obama 's unconstitutional commitment to the UN 's Paris Agreement ( which came with a planet-crushing price tag ) likely contributed to Trump 's victory at the polls last November . But with trillions of dollars in carbon taxes and carbon credits at stake — not to mention previously undreamt of power to remake society — the AGW alarmists are doubling down .
The Energy Futures Initiative ( EFI ) calls itself a non-partisan , non-profit think tank “ focused on decarbonizing the economy and creating jobs. ” Among the things they fail to mention is the fact that their radical “ decarbonizing ” agenda calls for imposing drastic penalties — taxes , regulations , fees , fines , and audits — on all “ fossil fuels ” ( coal , gasoline , oil , natural gas ) that would have catastrophic job-killing and economy-killing impacts . It would also , inevitably , result in a terrible people-killing toll , with millions of the world 's poorest inhabitants as the first victims ( see here , here and here ) .
CFR 's “ shop-worn ideas ”
“ We 're not an advocacy group . We 're not doing politics here — but we hope to influence policy , ” said Moniz at the EFI 's National Press Club event . His disclaimer notwithstanding , of course EFI is an advocacy group , as Moniz made clear in subsequent statements . EFI will pursue “ deep decarbonization pathways ” and “ energy security as key research and policy areas , ” he stated .
In reply to a reporter 's question , Moniz said private-public partnerships wo n't fill the fiscal year 2018 budget gap , and urged the Trump administration to take a “ fact-based ” approach : “ Naïve repetition of shop-worn ideas on where the government should invest ” should be abandoned , he said .
However , it is Moniz and EFI that are offering the “ shop-worn ideas , ” cribbed from the musty shelves of the century-old globalist brain trust , the Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) , of which he is a member .
Joining EFI 's Advisory Board is a lineup of the usual one-world suspects :
John M. Deutch ( CFR and Trilateral Commission ) , former CIA director . The Trilateral Commission has been in the forefront of promoting global energy and climate controls , and John Deutch co-authored one of the organization 's premier reports , “ Energy Security and Climate Change. ” Among the many harmful positions he took in that 2007 report was this : “ I favor adoption of an additional tax in the range of $ 1.00 per gallon imposed on motor gasoline , diesel , and other petroleum products. ” His proposal would amount to hiking the federal tax on fuel by more than five times the current federal tax of 18.4 cents per gallon . And that , naturally , is just a start .
Thomas F. “ Mack ” McLarty III ( CFR and Trilateral Commission ) , former advisor to Presidents Bill Clinton , George H.W . Bush , and Jimmy Carter . A longtime partner with Henry Kissinger ( CFR and Trilateral Commission ) at Kissinger Associates , Inc. , and a member of the board of directors of David Rockefeller 's Council of the Americas , he played key roles in creating the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) and the Free Trade Area of the Americas ( FTAA ) .
Ana Palacio ( CFR International Advisory Board and member of the European Council on Foreign Relations , ECFR ) , former foreign minister of Spain and former senior vice president of the World Bank . Palacio is also a senior strategic counsel for Albright Stonebridge Group founded by Madeleine Albright ( CFR , Trilateral ) , a member of the board of trustees of the Carnegie Corporation , and a member of the World Economic Forum 's Global Agenda Council on the United States .
Brent Scowcroft ( CFR , Trilateral Commission , Atlantic Council , Aspen Strategy Group ) , former national security advisor and former vice chairman of Kissinger Associates , Inc. During the 2016 presidential elections , Scowcroft was one of the prominent Republicans to reject Donald Trump and endorse Hillary Clinton .
Leo W. Gerard , international president of the United Steelworkers of America and co-founder of the BlueGreen Alliance , a coalition that has joined radical labor unions with radical environmental groups ( Sierra Club , Environmental Defense Fund , Natural Resources Defense Council , National Wildlife Federation ) to promote “ progressive ” Big Government programs , most especially those related to global warming and the UN 's Paris Agreement .
Clearly , this is not a group that is going to provide any “ new thinking ” on energy production ; it will be adding , simply , another megaphone to the noisy disaster lobby that insists we must turn over governance to “ experts ” such as themselves . Undoubtedly , they will be receiving lavish funding from Soros , the Rockefellers , Steyer , Bloomberg , Gates , and the other billionaire plutocrats of the “ green ” Learjet-and-limousine set .
Photo : AP Images
Related articles :
Al Gore : Give Me Your Money and Your Freedom , or Face `` Global Warming ''
Al Gore Forecasted “ Ice-Free ” Arctic by 2013 ; Ice Cover Expands 50 %
New Report Exposes Rockefeller Dynasty 's Role in “ Climate ” Scam
Climate Alarmists Have Been Wrong About Virtually Everything
Top Climate Alarm “ Scientist ” : Get Rid of Cars , Coal , Steel — or It 's the End of the World
What on Earth Is Happening to Our Temperature ?
UN Paris Climate Hypocrisy : Limos and Learjets
World Bank-IMF Pushes “ Carbon Pricing ” Global Tax- & -Spend Scheme
There 's been a flood of local news stories in recent months about FBI raids on charter schools all over the country .
From Pittsburgh to Baton Rouge , from Hartford to Cincinnati to Albuquerque , FBI agents have been busting into schools , carting off documents , and making arrests leading to high-profile indictments .
`` The troubled Hartford charter school operator FUSE was dealt another blow Friday when FBI agents served it with subpoenas to a grand jury that is examining the group 's operations . When two Courant reporters arrived at FUSE offices on Asylum Hill on Friday morning , minutes after the FBI 's visit , they saw a woman feeding sheaves of documents into a shredder . '' -- The Hartford Courant , July 18 , 2014
`` The FBI has raided an Albuquerque school just months after the state started peering into the school 's finances . KRQE News 13 learned federal agents were there because of allegations that someone may have been taking money that was meant for the classroom at the Southwest Secondary Learning Center on Candelaria , near Morris in northwest Albuquerque ... '' -- KRQE News 13 , August 1 , 2014
`` Wednesday evening 's FBI raid on a charter school in East Baton Rouge is the latest item in a list of scandals involving the organization that holds the charter for the Kenilworth Science and Technology School .... Pelican Educational Foundation runs the school and has ties to a family from Turkey . The school receives about $ 5,000,000 in local , state , and federal tax money .... The FBI raided the school six days after the agency renewed the Baton Rouge school 's charter through the year 2019 . '' -- The Advocate , January 14 , 2014
`` The state of Pennsylvania is bringing in the FBI to look into accusations that a Pittsburgh charter school [ Urban Pathways Charter School ] misspent tens of thousands of taxpayer dollars on luxuries such as fine-dining and retreats at exclusive resorts and spas . '' -- CBS News , November 12 , 2013
`` COLUMBUS , OH -- A federal grand jury has indicted four people , alleging that they offered and accepted bribes and kickbacks as part of a public corruption conspiracy in their roles as managers and a consultant for Arise ! Academy , a charter school in Dayton , Ohio . '' -- FBI Press Release , June 2014
What 's going on here ?
Charter schools are such a racket , across the nation they are attracting special attention from the FBI , which is working with the Department of Education 's inspector general to look into allegations of charter-school fraud .
One target , covered in an August 12 story in The Atlantic , is the secretive Turkish cleric , Fethullah Gulen , who runs the largest charter-school chain in the United States .
The Atlantic felt compelled to note , repeatedly , that it would be xenophobic to single out the Gulen schools and their mysterious Muslim founder for lack of transparency and the misuse of public funds .
`` It is n't the Gulen movement that makes Gulen charters so secretive , '' writes The Atlantic 's Scott Beauchamp , `` it 's the charter movement itself . ''
Kristen Buras , associate professor of education policies at Georgia State University , agrees .
`` Originally , charter schools were conceived as a way to improve public education , '' Buras says . `` Over time , however , the charter school movement has developed into a money-making venture . ''
Over the last decade , the charter school movement has morphed from a small , community-based effort to foster alternative education into a national push to privatize public schools , pushed by free-market foundations and big education-management companies . This transformation opened the door to profit-seekers looking for a way to cash in on public funds .
In 2010 , Rupert Murdoch , whose News Corp. has been an ALEC member , declared K-12 public education `` a $ 500 billion sector in the U.S. alone that is waiting desperately to be transformed . ''
The transformation has begun .
`` Education entrepreneurs and private charter school operators could care less about innovation , '' says Buras . `` Instead , they divert public monies to pay their six-figure salaries ; hire uncertified , transient , non-unionized teachers on-the-cheap ; and do not admit ( or fail to appropriately serve ) students who are costly , such as those with disabilities . ''
Rebecca Fox Blair , a teacher who helped to found a small , alternative high school program in Monona , Wisconsin , says she was struck by the massive change in the charter school movement when she attended a national charter school conference recently .
`` It 's all these huge operators , and they look down on schools like ours , '' she says . `` They call us the 'mom and pop ' schools . ''
There are now more than 6,000 publicly funded charter schools in the United States -- a more than 50 percent increase since 2008 .
Over that same period , `` nearly 4,000 traditional public schools have closed , '' writes Stan Karp , an editor of Rethinking Schools . `` This represents a huge transfer of resources and students from our public education system to the publicly funded but privately managed charter sector . ''
And all that money has attracted some unscrupulous operators .
Michael Sharpe , the disgraced CEO of the FUSE charter school in Hartford , admitted in court to faking his academic credentials and hiding the fact that he was a two-time felon who had been convicted of embezzlement and served five years in prison as a result . When he was indicted he was living in a Brownstone paid for by his charter school management company , where he kept a tenant whom he charged rent .
Scott Glasrud , the CEO of Southwest Learning Centers in Albuquerque , a group of four schools including an elementary school and a flight academy , was earning $ 210,000 a year , as well as additional compensation for a contract he made with his own aviation company to lease planes to the flight school he administered .
But these are small-time operators compared with Ronald Packard , the CEO of K12 , Inc. , the scandal-plagued online charter school company . Packard 's salary was $ 4.1 million in 2013 .
K12 has been charged with attempting to falsify records , using unqualified teachers , and booking classes of more than 100 students by state investigators in Florida .
Education reporter Jennifer Berkshire , aka EduShyster , shared Morningstar data on her blog showing that between 2012 and 2013 , executive compensation at K12 grew by $ 11,399,514 . In 2012 , executives at K12 earned a total of $ 9,971,984 in compensation . Last year that figure jumped to $ 21,371,498 .
`` According to a lawsuit filed in US district court this spring , '' Berkshire writes , `` Packard knowingly inflated the value of K12 stock by making * overly positive statements * about the company , its performance and its prospects , then cashed out , causing his personal numbers to add up to the tune of $ 6.4 million large . '' A spokesperson for K12 said Packard had done nothing wrong .
As a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council ( ALEC ) , K12 has helped pushed legislation to replace bricks and mortar classrooms with computers and replace actual teachers with `` virtual '' teachers , generating enormous profits from its taxpayer-financed schools .
ALEC added K12 to its corporate board of directors just before its national convention in Dallas at the end of July .
At the Dallas meeting , ALEC also trumpeted the launch of a new charter school working group . Among the measures the group discussed :
* Legislation to exempt charter school teachers from state teacher certification requirements , and allow for charter schools to be their own local education authority .
* A bill to give charter schools the right of first refusal to purchase or lease all or part of unused public school properties at or below market value , and avoid taxes and fees .
* A controversial measure proposed by Scott Walker in Wisconsin to create a statewide charter school authorizing board , bypassing local authority over charter schools , even as charters drain funds from local districts .
New Orleans , the nation 's first all-charter school district , is the testing ground for charter school expansion .
Buras , the author of Charter Schools , Race , and Urban Space : Where the Market Meets Grassroots Resistance , has been engaged in research on New Orleans for the past decade .
`` Charter advocates claim that education 'reform ' in New Orleans is a glowing success and should be replicated nationally , '' says Buras . `` What the public really needs to know is this : Charter school reform in New Orleans is a hustle , a sham . ''
When the state-run New Orleans Recovery School District assumed control of New Orleans public schools , veteran teachers were fired and their collective bargaining agreement was nullified . Since 2005 , Buras says , the scale used in Louisiana to assess public school achievement has been manipulated `` in an attempt to contrive charter school success . ''
In Detroit , another seat of school privatization and austerity , charter schools have also meant lucrative contracts for private operators , and austerity for teachers and kids , says Tom Pedroni , associate professor in the college of education at Wayne State University .
The Detroit Free Press published a series of articles on waste of tax dollars and questionable financial dealings by charter school officials and boards .
`` One school bought useless wetlands . Others overpaid -- by a lot -- for their school property . And another gave its administrator a severance worth more than a half million dollars , '' the Free Press reported on June 22 , 2014 .
Michigan 's largest charter-school management company charges jaw-dropping rents to its schools , the Free Press reported -- as much as $ 1 million a year for schools in financially strapped Detroit . Two-thirds of the National Heritage Academy schools across the state `` pay as much in rent as tenants in Detroit 's Renaissance Center , with its expansive views of the Detroit River , '' the paper found .
`` In Michigan , 80 percent of charter schools are run by for-profit educational management organizations , '' says Pedroni . `` Charter school authorizers -- typically universities , community colleges , and public school districts -- build very close and financially lucrative relationships with these organizations . ''
`` Whistleblowing , or even mildly questioning , board members typically are quickly dismissed by the charter authorizers , '' says Pedroni . `` In the end , private interests and authorizers do quite well . Children , their communities , and teachers do not . ''
Riding the wave of pro-privatization , rightwing propaganda that public schools have `` failed '' and need to be turned over to private business operators , charter school lobbyists , working with ALEC , have been able to get legislation passed to allow them to open schools all over the country that take public funds but skip the kind of oversight that regular public schools must submit to .
The results are being collected as evidence by the FBI .
The Associated Press
KYIV , Ukraine -- Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk announced his resignation Thursday , opening the way for new elections that would reflect the country 's starkly changed political scene after the ouster of pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych in February .
Yatsenyuk made the announcement from the dais of Parliament after two parties said they would pull out of the governing coalition . He said Parliament could no longer do its work and pass necessary laws .
President Petro Poroshenko , elected to replace Yanukovych May 25 , earlier praised the withdrawal of the two parties . He said that `` all opinion polls , and direct conversations with people , show that society wants a complete rebooting of the government . ''
The nationalist Svoboda party and the Udar party led by former boxer Vitali Klitschko pulled out of the group of legislators that took over after former President Viktor Yanukovich was ousted by protesters seeking closer ties with the European Union .
Parliament speaker Oleksandr Turchynov said it was up to Udar and Svoboda to propose a candidate for temporary prime minister to lead the government until early parliamentary elections can be held .
Yatsenyuk took over as prime minister just short of five months ago , and since then has seen the country embroiled in conflict with pro-Russian separatists in the country 's eastern regions .
He was put in office by a coalition of parties that took power after Yanukovych was driven from office by months of street protests . The protests began over Yanukovych 's refusal to sign a sweeping trade deal with the European Union , but swelled over disgust with corruption and government attempts to suppress the protests .
When he took office , Yatsenyuk 's administration was expected to be a brief one because it was taking over with the government almost broke and facing the likelihood of adopting unpopular measures to satisfy conditions for rescue loans from the International Monetary Fund .
Souped-up remote control switches behaviors on-and-off in mice
Bryan Roth , Ph.D. , University of North Carolina
Neuroscientists have perfected a chemical-genetic remote control for brain circuitry and behavior . This evolving technology can now sequentially switch the same neurons — and the behaviors they mediate — on-and-off in mice , say researchers funded by the National Institutes of Health . Such bidirectional control is pivotal for decoding the brain workings of complex behaviors . The findings are the first to be published from the first wave of NIH grants awarded last fall under the BRAIN Initiative .
“ With its new push-pull control , this tool sharpens the cutting edge of research aimed at improving our understanding of brain circuit disorders , such as schizophrenia and addictive behaviors , ” said NIH director Francis S. Collins , M.D. , Ph.D .
Bryan Roth , M.D. , Ph.D. , of the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill ; Michael Krashes , Ph.D. , of NIH 's National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases ; and colleagues , debut the second generation of the tool , called DREADD — Designer Receptors Exclusively Activated by Designer Drugs — on April 30 , 2014 in the journal Neuron .
DREADD 2.0 improves on a widely-adopted technology developed by Roth , a grantee of NIH 's National Institute of Mental Health , and colleagues , over the past decade . It achieves remote control by introducing a synthetic brain chemical messenger system that integrates with the workings of naturally-occurring systems .
Researchers genetically-engineer mice to have brains containing what they dub “ designer receptors ” in specific circuits . These are synthetic proteins on the surface of neurons that can only be activated by a matching synthetic chemical that otherwise has no biological effect – like a lock that can only be opened by a unique key . When the “ designer drug ” binds to its receptor , depending on its programming , it either triggers or blocks neuronal activity , thus giving researchers experimental control over the animal 's brain circuits and behaviors .
Early iterations of DREADD could only control activity in one direction – on or off – in the same population of cells . DREADD 2.0 takes advantage of properties offered by a particular type of receptor , paired with a biologically inert chemical that binds to it , to add bidirectional control . Coupled with an existing DREADD , it can be used experimentally to probe circuitry of a broad range of behaviors via sequential , on-and-off control of neurons . It 's like having two sets of locks with their own unique keys – one triggering “ on , ” the other turning “ off. ” For example , the researchers demonstrated how the improved DREAD toolkit can bi-directionally control animals ' movement and feeding behaviors .
Since DREADD effects last about an hour – as opposed to milliseconds with an alternative optical-genetic technology – it may be the tool of choice for studies of behaviors requiring prolonged control of circuitry and/or minimal invasiveness .
Grants : MH105892 , DA017204 , DA035764 , DK075087 , DK075089 , AA019454 , AA17668 , AA020911 , AA02228001 , AA018335 , AA021312
The mission of the NIMH is to transform the understanding and treatment of mental illnesses through basic and clinical research , paving the way for prevention , recovery and cure . For more information , visit the http : //www.nimh.nih.gov .
The National Institute on Drug Abuse is a component of the National Institutes of Health , U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . NIDA supports most of the world 's research on the health aspects of drug abuse and addiction . The Institute carries out a large variety of programs to inform policy and improve practice . Fact sheets on the health effects of drugs of abuse and information on NIDA research and other activities can be found at http : //www.drugabuse.gov , which is now compatible with your smartphone , iPad or tablet . To order publications in English or Spanish , call NIDA 's DrugPubs research dissemination center at 1-877-NIDA-NIH or 240-645-0228 ( TDD ) or email requests to drugpubs @ nida.nih.gov . Online ordering is available at http : //drugpubs.drugabuse.gov . NIDA 's media guide can be found at http : //www.drugabuse.gov/publications/media-guide/dear-journalist , and its easy-to-read website can be found at http : //www.easyread.drugabuse.gov .
The NIDDK , a component of the NIH , conducts and supports research on diabetes and other endocrine and metabolic diseases ; digestive diseases , nutrition and obesity ; and kidney , urologic and hematologic diseases . Spanning the full spectrum of medicine and afflicting people of all ages and ethnic groups , these diseases encompass some of the most common , severe and disabling conditions affecting Americans . For more information about the NIDDK and its programs , see http : //www.niddk.nih.gov .
The National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism , part of the National Institutes of Health , is the primary U.S. agency for conducting and supporting research on the causes , consequences , prevention , and treatment of alcohol abuse , alcoholism , and alcohol problems . NIAAA also disseminates research findings to general , professional , and academic audiences . Additional alcohol research information and publications are available at www.niaaa.nih.gov .
About the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) : NIH , the nation 's medical research agency , includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . NIH is the primary federal agency conducting and supporting basic , clinical , and translational medical research , and is investigating the causes , treatments , and cures for both common and rare diseases . For more information about NIH and its programs , visit www.nih.gov .
NIH…Turning Discovery Into Health®
Mary Elizabeth `` Tipper '' Gore ( née Aitcheson ; born August 19 , 1948 ) is an American social issues advocate who was Second Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001 , and the wife of Al Gore , the 45th Vice President of the United States , from whom she separated in 2010 .
In 1985 , Gore co-founded the Parents Music Resource Center ( PMRC ) , which advocated for labeling of record covers of releases featuring profane language , especially in the heavy metal , punk and hip hop genres . [ 2 ] She has advocated for mental health , homelessness , women , children , and LGBT rights .
Early life [ edit ]
Born Mary Elizabeth Aitcheson in Washington , D.C. , Tipper Gore is the daughter of John Kenneth `` Jack '' Aitcheson , Jr. , a plumbing-supply entrepreneur and owner of J & H Aitcheson Plumbing Supply , [ 3 ] and his first wife , Margaret Ann ( née Carlson ) Odom ( who lost her first husband during World War II ) . She was given the nickname `` Tipper '' by her mother , from a lullaby her mother had heard . Gore grew up in Arlington , Virginia . Her mother and grandmother raised her after her parents divorced . [ 4 ]
She attended St. Agnes ( now St. Stephen 's & St. Agnes School ) , a private Episcopal school in Alexandria , Virginia , where she played basketball , softball , and field hockey and played the drums for an all-female band called The Wildcats . [ 4 ]
She met Al Gore at his senior prom in 1965 . Although she came to the prom with one of his classmates , Gore and Tipper began to date immediately afterwards . [ 5 ] When Al Gore began attending Harvard University , she enrolled in Garland Junior College ( now part of Simmons College ) and later transferred to Boston University , receiving her B.A . in psychology in 1970 . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] On May 19 , 1970 , she and Gore were married at the Washington National Cathedral . [ 8 ] [ 9 ]
Gore pursued a master 's degree in psychology from Vanderbilt University 's George Peabody College , graduating in 1975 . [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
Career [ edit ]
Gore worked part-time as a newspaper photographer for Nashville 's The Tennessean and continued as a freelance photographer in Washington after her husband was elected to the U.S. Congress in 1976 . [ 4 ] [ 11 ] [ 12 ]
Politics and activism [ edit ]
Gore took an active role in her husband 's political pursuits starting with his first campaign for the United States House of Representatives from Tennessee in 1976 . [ 13 ] Soon after her husband 's election , Gore established a group to examine and write about social issues called the Congressional Wives Task Force . [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
In 1984 , Gore began volunteering in homeless shelters . [ 4 ] [ 16 ] Homelessness became a major cause for Gore , and she formed a group called Families for the Homeless to raise funds and awareness for the issue . [ 4 ] [ 17 ]
Parents Music Resource Center ( PMRC ) [ edit ]
In 1985 , Tipper Gore co-founded the Parents Music Resource Center ( PMRC ) with Susan Baker , wife of then United States Secretary of the Treasury James Baker , because Gore heard her then 11-year-old daughter Karenna playing `` Darling Nikki '' by Prince . [ 18 ] The group 's goal was to increase parental and consumer awareness of music that contained explicit content through voluntary labeling albums with Parental Advisory stickers . [ 4 ] [ 19 ] Their coalition included the National PTA and the American Academy of Pediatrics . [ 19 ] It 's worth noting that the PMRC had no members , merely founders , and all of the founders were wives of prominent politicians .
According to an article by NPR , Gore went `` before Congress to urge warning labels for records marketed to children . `` [ 20 ] Gore explained that her purpose was n't to put a `` gag '' on music , but to keep it safe for younger listeners by providing parents with information about the content of the songs . [ 20 ] A number of individuals including Dee Snider of Twisted Sister , [ 21 ] Jello Biafra of the Dead Kennedys , [ 22 ] John Denver , Joey Ramone , and Frank Zappa [ 20 ] criticized the group , arguing that it was a form of censorship . In response , NPR further stated that according to Gore , she `` was n't out to censor the objectionable material '' and quoted her as stating that she is `` a strong believer in the First Amendment '' who is calling for greater `` consumer information in the marketplace . `` [ 20 ]
The PMRC 's efforts were successful and resulted in an agreement where recording labels voluntarily placed warning labels on music with violent or sexually explicit lyrics . [ 4 ] [ 23 ]
1990s to present [ edit ]
In 1990 , Gore founded the Tennessee Voices for Children to advance youth services for mental health and substance abuse . [ 24 ] Gore also co-chaired the National Mental Health Association 's Child Mental Health Interest Group . [ 25 ]
Gore campaigned during her husband 's 1988 presidential bid [ 26 ] and toured with him and Bill and Hillary Clinton during the presidential campaign of 1992 . [ 23 ] [ 27 ]
As Second Lady , Gore served as Mental Health Policy Advisor to the President . [ 11 ] Her goals were to diminish the stigma surrounding mental illness and to bring awareness to the need for affordable mental health care . [ 16 ] [ 25 ] In 1999 , Gore hosted the first White House Conference on Mental Health . [ 16 ] That same year , she launched the National Mental Health Awareness Campaign ( NMHAC ) to encourage Americans to seek treatment for mental illness . [ 28 ] Gore has frequently spoken about her own experience with depression and treatment following the near-fatal injury of her son Albert . [ 13 ] [ 23 ] [ 29 ]
Along with her work in mental health , Gore was a part of several other initiatives during her time as Second Lady . She served as Special Advisor to the Interagency Council on the Homeless and as the national spokesperson for the `` Back to Sleep '' SIDS awareness campaign . [ 30 ] In 1994 , Gore visited a refugee camp and an orphanage in Zaire on a personal trip to provide aid in the aftermath of the Rwandan Genocide . She stayed in a UNICEF camp and assisted doctors and aid workers . [ 31 ] [ 32 ] [ 33 ] She made an official visit to Honduras in 1998 following Hurricane Mitch to volunteer , bring medical supplies , and survey the damage . [ 34 ] [ 35 ]
Gore took part in campaigning for the reelection of President Clinton and Vice President Gore in 1996 , [ 36 ] [ 37 ] and she was actively involved in her husband 's presidential campaign in 2000 , making her own campaign stops and media appearances . She also acted as an advisor and was a part of decisions including the hiring of Tony Coelho as chairman of the campaign and moving its headquarters to Nashville . [ 11 ] [ 13 ] [ 23 ]
In 2002 , Gore was urged by her supporters to run for the vacant U.S. Senate seat her husband once held in Tennessee , which was being vacated by Fred Thompson ; however , she declined . [ 38 ]
Gore has been a long-time advocate for the LGBT community . [ 23 ] [ 39 ] She represented the Clinton Administration in the Washington , DC AIDS Walk in 1993 as one of the highest-ranking public officials ever to participate . [ 39 ] She has continued to participate in such walks and , in 2013 , she was an honorary chair of the Nashville AIDS Walk & 5K Run . [ 40 ] She was a public opponent of California 's Proposition 8 to ban same-sex marriage in 2008 . [ 41 ] In 2014 , she created an exhibition of her photographs at the Wall Space Gallery to support the Pacific Pride Foundation that provides services to the HIV/AIDS and LGBT communities of Santa Barbara , California . [ 42 ]
She serves as co-chair of the advisory board of the Diana Basehart Foundation which assists homeless and low-income people with animal care . [ 43 ]
Creative roles [ edit ]
Tipper Gore with camera
In high school , Gore was the drummer for an all-female band called the Wildcats . [ 13 ] [ 23 ] She has played drums with members of the Grateful Dead , and during the second night of the Spring 2009 Dead tour , Tipper Gore sat in on drums during the closing song `` Sugar Magnolia '' . [ 23 ] [ 44 ] In 2000 , she appeared on stage at the Equality Rocks concert at Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium to play to a crowd of 45,000 prior to the Millennium March on Washington . [ 23 ] [ 45 ] Later that year , she played with Willie Nelson during his set at Farm Aid . [ 46 ] She played with Herbie Hancock at the 25th Thelonious Monk International Jazz Competition in 2012 . [ 47 ]
A photographer since the 1970s , Gore has published several books of photography , [ 4 ] has been included in exhibits , [ 48 ] and her prints have been sold by Mitchell Gold Co . stores . [ 49 ]
Personal life [ edit ]
Gore has four children : Karenna Gore Schiff [ 50 ] ( born August 6 , 1973 ) , Kristin Gore [ 51 ] ( born June 5 , 1977 ) , Sarah LaFon Gore Maiani [ 51 ] [ 52 ] ( born January 7 , 1979 ) , and Albert Arnold Gore III ( born October 19 , 1982 ) ; [ 53 ] and several grandchildren . [ 54 ]
In June 2010 , the Gores announced their marital separation , `` a mutual and mutually supportive decision that we have made together following a process of long and careful consideration . `` [ 55 ] In August 2012 , The New York Times reported that both Gores were dating other people and have no plans to resume marriage , but that their `` bond endures '' and their relationship is friendly . `` The couple reunites a few times a year , most recently in June , for summer family vacations and Christmases in the Gore family seat of Carthage , Tennessee , '' the newspaper reported . Tipper has been dating Bill Allen , who is a former editor of National Geographic . [ 56 ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Tipper Gore is the author of a number of books including :
Raising PG Kids in an X-Rated Society , 1987 , ISBN 0-687-35282-7
, 1987 , ISBN 0-687-35282-7 Picture This : A Visual Diary , 1996 , ISBN 0-553-06720-6
, 1996 , ISBN 0-553-06720-6 Joined at the Heart : The Transformation of the American Family , 2002 , ISBN 0-8050-7450-3 , ( with Al Gore )
, 2002 , ISBN 0-8050-7450-3 , ( with Al Gore ) The Spirit of Family , 2002 , ISBN 5-550-15167-7 ( with Al Gore )
She has also contributed to the following books :
The Way Home : Ending Homelessness in America , 2000 , ISBN 0-886-7505-8X
, 2000 , ISBN 0-886-7505-8X From the Bottom of Our Hearts , 2002 , ISBN 1-931718-32-6 ( Foreword )
On the wall of James Holmes ' prison cell is a small blue square panel pinned with selfies and photographs of attractive young women who have all contacted the man who shot dead 12 people inside a packed Colorado cinema .
The disturbing and confusing collage is made up of around two dozen blondes and brunettes , some smiling , others smouldering ; several pose seductively in various states of undress .
It might be the Instagram feed of a young single man , except it 's not .
These women have all sent letters with their photographs to the 27-year-old cold-blooded killer who slaughtered 12 people on July 20 , 2012 , during a screening of The Dark Knight Rises .
James Holmes did not receive the death penalty for murdering 12 people in a Colorado movie theater . ( )
This unsettling and perplexing case of Holmes ' fandom was revealed after Colorado 's District Attorney Office released photos from the inside the killer 's cell .
And the pretty faces on the blue pin board are just the tip of the iceberg , Rich Orman , senior deputy district attorney , told NY Daily News .
`` Those are young ladies who sent him their photograph , '' Orman said .
`` They sent him tons and tons of letters , and he hung up some of their pictures . ''
In the centre of the photograph collage is an odd hand-drawn sketch of an infinity sign and the number 1 .
Colorado police found the exact same drawing on a calendar in Holmes ' apartment . He had drawn it on July 20 , the day of the movie massacre .
Serial killers and some of the worst criminal offenders are regularly sent fan mail and love letters . Even prisoners on death row , paying the ultimate price for the most heinous of crimes , will get married to 'prison brides ' .
Psychologists are uncertain over the reasons for the phenomenon .
However , hybristophilia is a known paraphilia in which a person is sexually aroused by being with a partner who has committed crimes and atrocities .
In one of the more bizarre prison bride episodes , Afton Elaine Burton , 27 , got engaged to notorious murderer Charles Manson .
But the romance failed when Manson learned his young admirer was seeking his hand in marriage so that she would gain the right to his corpse when he died .
It was reported Ms Burton 's cunning money-making plan involved putting Manson 's corpse on display in a glass cabinet , like Lenin .
Aurora cinema shooter James Holmes was last month sentenced to life in prison without parole .
Reporting : Mark Saunokonoko
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Shortly after the official unveiling of the BlackBerry ‘ Venice ' Slider at MWC 2015 , we exclusively released the first , accurate spec details for the BlackBerry Priv .
Although not an octa-core device , we learned the BlackBerry Slider would be supported by a hexa-core 64-bit chipset .
And now , we have tangible proof to backup our initial exclusive , confirming BlackBerry Priv uses the Adreno 418 GPU with Snapdragon 808 .
There 's a few other new things we have learned about the BlackBerry Priv . The Priv 's 18MP Schneider Kreuznach rear-camera is capable of shooting 4k video .
Android is notorious for malware and other exploit vulnerabilities , which makes the operating system less secure than others . The Priv is currently running Android OS 5.1.1 and BlackBerry has its own proprietary security app bundled .
The “ BlackBerry Safeguard ” app lets you view the Priv 's security status . You can view and edit your settings for apps , developer options , screen lock , trusted websites , and more .
The BlackBerry Priv features a dual-curved screen , we 've seen only on devices like the Samsung Galaxy Edge and Edge+ . It 's still up for debate if BlackBerry and Samsung partnered on the dual-curved screen for the Priv .
BlackBerry is using the added screen real estate to incorporate some subtle , yet unique flavors to their iteration of Android . When charging , the battery status of the Priv is seen on the right-side of the device .
We were told BlackBerry switched a few things up on the home-button swipe gesture . Typically , in Android , you can long-press the home-button to see three additional shortcuts ( usually the main gesture is to swipe up to access Google Now ) . BlackBerry has changed this to incorporate quick access to the Hub app and device search .
As seen in earlier leaks , the BlackBerry Priv harkens the gorgeous glass-weave back-plate all BlackBerry Z30 users grew to love . The hint of carbon fiber styled back certainly sets the Priv apart from other Android devices .
The BlackBerry Priv is shaping up to be a unique contender in the flooded market of Android smartphones . However , the Priv 's touch-sensitive physical keyboard will surely place it in the forefront of the competition , and perhaps make it the best Android smartphone of 2015 .
Word on the street is we will see the Priv release some time in November 2015 , with its global seeding venturing well into Q1 2016 . Nevertheless , keep it locked to N4BB , as we will have more details to come on the BlackBerry Priv .
– Update – Check out our hands-on BlackBerry Priv Review
ADVERTISEMENT
Myths and conspiracy theories do n't last very long on the internet , but it looks like no one told the Obama administration .
The administration recently teamed up with College Humor , an online comedy site , to produce a video to push the White House 's favourite feminist panic : the so-called campus rape epidemic .
Entitled “ What if Bears Killed One in Five People , ” College Humor ‘ s video is a painfully unfunny attempt to push the myth that 1 in 5 college-age women in the U.S will be sexually assaulted before they leave college .
However , the propaganda attempt seems to have backfired . The site took the unprecedented step of disabling comments in anticipation of a viewer backlash , and their video is approaching 10,000 “ dislikes ” on YouTube .
Undaunted by the shuttered comments section , College Humor fans and members of the public are flooding comments sections under the site 's newer videos , debunking the administration 's false statistics and mocking College Humor for trying to stifle criticism .
There is much to criticise . The video contains every feminist cliche of the past five years , clumsily repackaged into “ jokes. ” There 's even a reference to “ bears will be bears , ” a cringeworthy rendition of “ boys will be boys . ”
( Campus feminists claim that western society brushes off incidents of rape with the excuse “ boys will be boys . It does n't , of course , but feminists have grown accustomed to debating strawmen since they banned all their genuine critics . )
As for the now-infamous “ 1-in-5 ” statistic , I need n't go into a point-by-point explanation of why it 's bogus . AEI resident scholar and former philosophy professor Christina Hoff Sommers did that months before the White House conducted their latest attempt to push the statistic .
The Obama Administration has n't exactly developed a reputation for honesty , but the myth of a campus rape epidemic is one of the most dangerous official lies of all .
The myth was officially endorsed in the Department of Education 's “ Dear Colleague , ” letter to Universities in 2011 , which threatened to cut federal funding if they did not do more to tackle sexual assault .
The result was the establishment of kangaroo courts on campuses , in which untrained college professors “ convict ” predominantly male students using grossly inadequate standards of proof . This development , one of the worst abuses of due process in U.S history , has been condemned by legal experts from across the political spectrum and has led to a swathe of lawsuits from the college tribunals ' victims .
The administration 's fearmongering has even led to the rise of “ affirmative consent ” laws , which seek to redefine rape to criminalise previously-innocent sexual acts . These laws , some of which have already been approved by state legislatures , threaten to turn millions of harmless Americans into criminals overnight .
Encouraged by Obama 's White House , the panic shows no signs of stopping . Yet it 's all based on the most absurdly dodgy statistics . According to Bureau of Justice , the real rate of rape on college campuses is n't anywhere near 1 in 5 . It 's closer to 1 in 500 .
Everyone who 's followed the panic is aware of this , so it 's no wonder that College Humor felt the need to disable comments on their propaganda-piece .
We 've already covered the shutdown of comments sections across the internet . It 's invariably led by progressive outlets and championed by progressive columnists . And among progressives , it 's feminists who are most vocal about their hatred of the comments section : they 've even put it on T-shirts .
Like all acts of censorship , it 's a sign of desperation , as well as intellectual bankruptcy . They know they 've been discredited , so they do whatever they can to prevent their opponents – who have already won the argument – from reaching a public platform .
But the “ no-platforming ” tactics of campus activists do n't fly so well on the internet . The authoritarian left knows this , which is why radicals like Arthur Chu are trying their hardest to destroy the legal framework that underpins freedom of speech on the internet . But it wo n't work . We are in the age of debunking , and despite the best efforts of authoritarians , the internet is where myths of all ideological stripes go to die .
Follow Allum Bokhari @ LibertarianBlue , and download Milo Alert ! for Android to be kept up to date on his latest articles .
Breitbart Tech is a new vertical from Breitbart News covering tech , gaming and internet culture . Bookmark breitbart.com/tech and follow @ BreitbartTech on Twitter and Facebook .
” All in all this is adding up to a refreshing popular revolt against the GMO death industry . Hooray for those of us who wish to live ” .
by F. William Engdahl Last month three EU member states unexpectedly refused to go along with the decision of the EU Health and Food Safety Commissioner and the European Food Safety Authority ( EFSA ) to re-approve the world 's most widely used weed killing chemical , Glyphosate .
This dramatic and encouraging developments suggest that for the first time the power of GMO agrochemical giants like Monsanto and Syngenta , Dow and DuPont , BASF , Bayer could undergo a devastating defeat .
Were this to happen , it could well be the death knell for the misbegotten Rockefeller Foundation Genetic Manipulation project that has destroyed much of Western farmland and poisoned hundreds of millions of GMO fed farm animals and humans .
On March 4 , Europe 's Health and Food Safety Commissioner Vytenis Andriukaitis indicated that his directorate , DG SANTE , is exploring the possibility of full transparency for industry studies on pesticides .
As we described in a previous writing , the EU Commission had recommended approval of another 15-year license for the controversial glyphosate based on the suspicious determination by the EU 's corrupt EFSA that there was no reason to believe glyphosate is a carcinogen .
EU 's corrupt EFSA
That determination , not backed up by open disclosure of the relevant health and safety studies EFSA claimed to rely on , went totally against the 2015 determination by the World Health Organization 's International Agency for Research on Cancer ( IARC ) that glyphosate , the weed-killer used in most every GMO plant worldwide and most other crops and even home gardens as well , was a “ probable carcinogen . ”
EFSA , basing its view on a report by Germany 's Federal Institute for Risk Assessment ( BfR ) , which in turn was given it by Monsanto and other agrochemical industry groups , said it is unlikely to pose a cancer risk . IARC used only data that was in the public domain , but the corrupt German BfR based its report on secret industry studies that it refused to release to IARC or to the public .
Currently the Monsanto and other agribusiness industry studies submitted to support regulatory authorizations of pesticides are kept secret under commercial confidentiality agreements with regulators . Now Andriukaitis , clearly feeling the pressure , has said that this needs to change . He stated , “ We are ready to assess the legal environment , ” as there are certain legal protections on industry data . But , he added , “ It 's absolutely crystal clear , we need to change today 's situation . We see different options , but at the moment , yes , the idea is to change the rules , especially keeping in mind the overriding public interest . ”
On initially announcing his plans to approve re-licensing of glyphosate based on the fraudulent November , 2015 EFSA determination claiming that it was no carcinogen , EU Commissioner Andriukaitis received an open letter of protest from 96 prominent scientists , including most of the scientists of the WHO 's 2015 IARC study .
1.5 million signed petitions from citizens
The letter declared that the basis of EFSA 's research was “ not credible because it is not supported by the evidence . Accordingly , we urge you and the European Commission to disregard the flawed EFSA finding. ” Among other “ flaws ” they argued , EFSA chose to completely dismiss seven positive animal studies showing an increase in cancerous tumors .
Not only did that letter of scientists seem to have encouraged a moral rethink by Commissioner Andriukaitis . He has also received a staggering 1.5 million signed petitions from citizens and organizations across the European Union demanding a ban on further use of the highly toxic glyphosate .
The totalitarian , usually arrogant EU Commission is answerable to no citizens as would be normal national politicians who can be kicked out by their voters . It 's known as the “ democratic deficit ” in official parlance . Brussels is an anti-democratic construction . That makes the rethink even more interesting , unless it is yet another deception by the influential agribusiness lobby .
It 's the glyphosate , stupid !
The true secret of the toxic danger of GMO crops in the animal and human food chain is gradually coming to light . It is becoming clearer that perhaps as much or even a more toxic danger for human and animal consumption of GMO corn , soy products and other GMO varieties , are the chemicals the GMO seeds are by contract agreement necessarily mated with .
No farmer anywhere in the world is allowed to buy Monsanto GMO “ Roundup Ready ” seeds without at the same time signing a binding contract to annually buy and use Monsanto glyphosate-based Roundup weed killer . In fact , the only trait that Monsanto Roundup Ready corn or soybeans are genetically modified for is to resist the toxic killing effect of Roundup while every living biological matter around not “ glyphosate resistant ” is killed .
Until a recent study by the courageous group of scientists under Professor Giles-Eric Seralini at France 's Caen University , few independent scientific long-term rat studies of Roundup or glyphosate were done . Monsanto and other GMO companies refused to disclose the adjuvant chemicals paired with Roundup or other herbicides claiming “ business secrets . ”
Since the WHO 's March 2015 IARC determination that glyphosate , alone and in combination with adjuvant toxic chemicals was a probable human carcinogen , the dam of secrecy around glyphosate has burst . To parody the line of then Presidential candidate Bill Clinton in a debate with opponent George H.W . Bush in the 1992 election race , “ It 's the glyphosate , stupid ! ”
Now the veil of EU secrecy surrounding studies of agriculture herbicides and pesticides is beginning to crack . The public demand for full disclosure is spreading . On March 16 , three European Parliament members formally demanded , under EU rules , in Freedom of Information request to the European Food Safety Authority ( EFSA ) , full disclosure of the secret Biotech industry studies that EFSA used in their controversial risk assessment on glyphosate .
The European Parliamentarians ' letter to Bernhard Url the head of EFSA is worth quoting in part :
Under the right of access to documents in the EU treaties , as enshrined in Regulation 1049/2001 and in the Aarhus Regulation , I am requesting documents which contain the following information : There is an alarming scientific controversy between the European Food Safety Agency ( EFSA ) and the International Agency for Research on Cancer of the World Health Organization ( IARC ) with regard to the carcinogenicity of glyphosate . In March 2015 , IARC concluded that glyphosate is a probable human carcinogen ( category 2A ) . However , later that same year , in November 2015 , EFSA concluded that glyphosate is “ unlikely to pose a carcinogenic hazard to humans and the evidence does not support classification with regard to its carcinogenic potential. ” Proper classification of glyphosate is crucial because it affects public health and entails important regulatory consequences . It is therefore vital to investigate why there are contradictory results in the EFSA and IARC assessments . To date EFSA has explained that its “ evaluation considered a large body of evidence , including a number of studies not assessed by the IARC which is one of the reasons for reaching different conclusions ” ( EFSA news story , 12 November 2015 – http : //www.efsa.europa.eu/en/efsajournal… ) . This means that the EFSA peer review is based on unpublished studies whose findings can not yet be verified and subjected to independent scrutiny . The need to achieve clarity in this regard is both urgent and evident . Glyphosate is used in around 750 pesticides commercialized by 91 companies across the globe . According to data published by IARC , glyphosate is registered in “ over 130 countries as of 2010 and is probably the most heavily used herbicide in the world . ”
By April 8 according to EU treaties and law , EFSA must reply . If they continue to stonewall , the controversy will now escalate in a major dimension . The GMO glyphosate genie is long out of the bottle .
Independent scientific test of glyphosate
Regardless of what reply the notoriously corrupt pro-GMO industry-influenced EFSA gives on April 8 , the opposition to renewing the EU license for glyphosate grows daily . Beginning in May this year , Italy 's independent Ramazzini Institute in Bologna , Italy will begin preparing a long-term self-funded research study into the effects of glyphosate on rats and on modelling effects on the embryo of pregnant women . Dr Fiorella Belpoggi , director of the Institute 's Cesare Maltoni Cancer Research Centre , which will carry out the study , said : “ To settle disputes between IARC and EFSA , what we need is the results of independent research such as we are proposing to carry out . Meanwhile , the precautionary principle stands. ” The institute issued a statement that , “ In view of the uncertainty , one simply must apply the precautionary principle and strictly limit exposure to this substance so that we do n't damage our health. ” Their study will begin in 2017 once all preparations are ready .
The Ramazzini Institute has been concerned with glyphosate effects for four years . They announced that scientists all over the world helped draw up a protocol which will enable one single experiment ( thus minimizing the numbers of rats involved ) to evaluate and identify the risks associated with glyphosate at doses comparable with what is currently allowed in humans both in the USA and in Europe .
Notably , a recent German study revealed alarming concentrations of glyphosate in a majority of the population there . An alarming three-quarters of the German population have been contaminated by glyphosate according to a study done by the Heinrich Böll Foundation . The report analyzed glyphosate residue in urine and it concluded that , “ 75 % of the target group displayed levels that were five times higher than the legal limit of drinking water . A third of the population even showed levels that were between ten and 42 times higher than what is normally permissible . ”
All in all this is adding up to a refreshing popular revolt against the GMO death industry . Hooray for those of us who wish to live . The “ killer Queens ” of Monsanto , BASF , Syngenta and co. are in their greatest battle for survival on this one . Glyphosate may turn out to be the Achilles heel that kills GMO once and for all . That would be nice .
F. William Engdahl is strategic risk consultant and lecturer , he holds a degree in politics from Princeton University and is a best-selling author on oil and geopolitics , exclusively for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook ” .
http : //journal-neo.org/2016/04/15/dramatic-turn-in-brussels-glyphosate-battle/
Documents produced by the General Services Administration , the agency that leases the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue to the Trump Organization , show that the president 's newest crown jewel actually lost money — a total of $ 1.1 million — in its first two months of operation .
On Monday , House Democrats expressed concern in a letter about President Donald Trump 's apparent breach of the Old Post Office lease agreement , which precludes government officials from entering into a contract . Ethics experts have also pointed to the lease as a possible violation of the Emoluments Clause , which is a constitutional provision that prohibits the president from receiving foreign payments , such as foreign emissaries booking a hotel room .
Advertisement :
But the most damning tidbit from the Democrats ' letter was that President Trump 's project is lagging behind expectations . The letter notes that the Trump Organization `` has reported receiving millions of dollars less in revenue than its own officials projected in the first two months operating the hotel . ''
`` In fact , President Trump 's company reported losses totaling more than $ 1.1 million in those months alone , '' the letter said .
The Democrats did not accuse Trump of any impropriety , but they did complain that the documents they reviewed did not `` explain why income levels were so far below the company 's own projections . ''
Early last year , before the hotel was finished and before Trump became the Republican nominee , the presidential hopeful at the time claimed that his new property was going to be `` one of the truly great hotels in the world . ''
“ It 's going to be fantastic , ” Trump said in March . `` Super luxury , and it 's going to be amazing . ''
The ACLU , Human Rights Watch , and Amnesty International have launched a campaign with other human rights organizations to ask President Barack Obama to pardon Edward Snowden . Although Obama has not made any indication that he 's interested in pardoning Snowden for revealing the National Security Agency 's surveillance programs , these organizations hope that showing massive support will encourage the President to change his mind . At the end of this article , take our poll and let us know if you think Snowden should be pardoned .
Here 's what you need to know .
Supporters who want Snowden pardoned can sign up on PardonSnowden.org here and send a pre-written message to Obama . There 's a long list of people who are already supporting the effort to pardon Snowden , including many easily recognizable names . They include Steve Wozniak , George Soros , Danny Glover , Maggie Gyllenhaal , Jimmy Wales , Daniel Radcliffe , Susan Sarandon , Glenn Greenwald , Peter Saarsgaard , Michael Moore , Martin Sheen , and more .
Here 's the press conference where the ACLU announced launching this campaign :
In 2013 , Snowden was charged under the Espionage Act on the basis of disseminating classified information . The law , Vice.com explains , does not make any distinction between spying for foreign governments and whistleblowing to journalists .
Some presidential candidates have already said they would pardon Snowden . Jill Stein of the Green Party said she would not only pardon Snowden , but put him on her Cabinet . Here 's just one of the many tweets she 's made about Snowden :
`` @ Snowden has revealed great violations of our civil liberties . I would invite him into my administration as a member of my cabinet '' – Jill — Dr. Jill Stein ( @ DrJillStein ) July 13 , 2016
Gary Johnson of the Libertarian party has said that he would seriously look into it and would “ probably pardon Snowden . ”
Obama has not indicated any intention of pardoning Snowden , but supporters of the movement hope that Oliver Stone 's new movie combined with the ACLU 's campaign will change Obama 's mind before he leaves office . What do you think ? Should Obama pardon Snowden ? Let us know in the poll below .
At my age , I thought I 'd seen pretty much everything — and I 've been to the carny sideshow at the Texas State Fair twice .
But now comes a Houston-based , tea-party outfit calling itself True the Vote . It claims to be dedicated to sniffing out ineligible voters — in particular , your darker-skinned types who favor the Democratic Party . True the Vote claims that hordes of these undesirables are swarming America 's polling places to vote illegally .
Sadly , these self-appointed guardians of ballot integrity have n't had much luck in sniffing out , you know , actual documented cases of such fraud .
But , whew , what 's that smell ? Why it 's Bruce Fleming , a Republican running for county commissioner in Sugar Land , Texas — which happens to be the home of True the Vote 's founder , Catherine Engelbrecht .
Fleming turns out to be a blatant , serial violator of our nation 's laws to protect — you got it — voter integrity . In 2006 , 2008 , and 2010 , he voted in person in Sugar Land , and also by mail in Yardley , Pennsylvania , where he and his wife Nancy own a home . In 2010 , she also voted in both Texas and Pennsylvania — a gross double-dipping felony .
So , while Englebrecht and her cadre of vote sniffers have been challenging the eligibility of voters all over America , she had a real fraud case right under her nose ! And although Mr. and Mrs. Fleming are said to have no formal role with True the Vote , he is an advocate of its witch-hunt for illegal Democratic voters .
“ The less said the better , ” Fleming said about his own recidivist fraud . “ Until we can determine the situation , I ca n't really comment . ”
Did I mention that Fleming was named the county 's Republican “ precinct chairman of the year ” in 2010 ? Now that 's a powerful comment on the GOP 's real concern about voter fraud .
Share
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has been invited to join the board of directors at Starbucks , along with Rosalind Brewer , CEO of Sam 's Club , and Jørgen Knudstorp , an executive chairman at Lego . Nadella is being brought onboard to add , “ invaluable insight in international operations and distribution as Starbucks continues to focus on innovative ways to use technology to elevate the brand and grow the business . ”
Nadella says he 's a regular Starbucks customer , a man after our own heart , and adds he hopes his years of tech industry experience will be valuable . Starbucks and Microsoft both originate in Seattle , and have worked together on projects already . The Microsoft Band 2 has a compatible Starbucks app , which enables contactless payment using the wearable , and Outlook also has a Starbucks add-in for enabling meeting schedules , and sending Starbucks digital gift cards .
The pair have also recently financially supported the No Child Left Outside campaign , but their cooperation dates back much further than that . For example , Microsoft was Starbucks launch partner when it announced in-store Wi-Fi hotspots in 2001 , a service that may be common today , but was very unusual at the time .
Starbucks may be a coffee brand , but it 's equally known for its support of new technology , launching everything from wireless charging to mobile ordering systems in its stores . The chain supports both Android Pay and Apple Pay where available , and has a comprehensive mobile app of its own . Other Starbucks technology partnerships include those with ride-sharing app Lyft and Niantic 's Pokémon Go game . Nadella 's presence on Starbucks board may not lead to more direct Microsoft product tie-ups in the future though .
His appointment , along with the other two nominees , has n't been finalized yet , and will be confirmed at the company 's annual shareholder 's meeting on March 22 . He became CEO and member of Microsoft 's board in 2014 .
Sea snake vs. poison fish : Witness to battle https : //t.co/diqilwVbhe pic.twitter.com/X64GPA4EAW — Jenkers News ( ENG ) ( @ jenkers_en ) September 1 , 2015
Photographs capturing a battle royale between what may be two of the ocean 's most venomous creatures—a sea snake and what is possibly a stonefish—have gone viral , but such face-offs probably are n't all that rare .
What is rare is for such encounters to be recorded .
An Australian spear fisherman happened upon the sea snake/fish fight last Thursday off Darwin , in northern Australia . He grabbed the animals out of the water for a quick picture , then released them .
`` I 'm silly but not mad , ” the spear fisherman , Rick Trippe , told BBC . “ I knew this was dangerous . ''
Fish are a regular part of the diet of many sea snakes , says John C. Murphy , a sea snake expert at Chicago 's Field Museum of Natural History .
It 's hard to identify the species of sea snake from photos , Murphy says , because the precise scale counts are often needed to distinguish similar types . But he agrees with Trippe that an elegant sea snake ( Hydrophis elegans ) is a possibility , based on the coloring and location .
It 's also difficult to identify the fish . It 's possiblly not really a stonefish , as Trippe thought , but actually a species of harmless frogfish , says Bryan Fry , a National Geographic explorer and biologist who studies venom at the University of Queensland .
Australian fisherman Rick Trippe recounts a death match between a sea snake and poison fish . https : //t.co/bNLaVjILi7 pic.twitter.com/aK7VyxKEMB — CNN Wire ( @ CNNWire ) September 1 , 2015
Both frogfish and stonefish are fairly common in the waters around Australia . The mottled , irregularly shaped fish use camouflage to hide among reefs . But they defer in their strategy for defense . Frogfish often mimic venomous animals , while stonefish boast spines with toxic sacs . The potent venom can kill a person within two hours without treatment , so the fish often pose a hazard to divers , particularly those who walk along the ocean floor .
Both stonefish and frogfish are regularly eaten by sea snakes , and Murphy says it 's unlikely a snake would get stuck by a fish 's venomous spines .
Watch : Eating Venomous sea snakes ?
“ Sea snakes usually swallow fish head first , so they do n't have to work against the fins , ” he says . “ The stonefish 's spines , which are in the fins , would lay down against the animal 's body , so I would not expect any of the spines to puncture the snake 's tissue . ”
It 's also possible that sea snakes are immune to stonefish venom , but Murphy doubts there 's any research on the question . Not much is generally known about sea snakes , which live in many parts of the world . Some of them are endangered , a few critically so .
Sea snakes hunt by biting their prey with their small fangs and injecting their venom . Then they hold on tight until the prey becomes subdued and swallow it whole .
“ It would not be a nice way to go , ” says Murphy .
WATCH : The stonefish hides on the sea bottom , undetectable to its prey .
By witnessing such predator-prey encounters , we get a window into evolution in action , says Zoltan Takacs , a herpetologist and pharmacologist who is the founder of the World Toxin Bank and an explorer with National Geographic .
`` This sea snake-fish encounter is a work-in-progress in 'nature 's research lab ' and this is how future medications are being 'designed , ' '' says Takacs , who notes that several drugs have been developed from snake venoms , for major diseases from hypertension to heart attack .
`` Venom toxins are among the most potent and precision-targeted molecules on Earth , '' Takacs adds .
Trippe says the sea snake attacked the fish again as soon as he released them back into the water . This time , the snake prevailed .
This story was updated at 9:30 a.m . ET Wednesday to include a discussion about the uncertainty of the kind of fish fighting the sea snake , at 9:00 p.m . ET Tuesday to include Bryan Fry 's thoughts , and at 11:30 a.m . ET Wednesday to include Zoltan Takacs ' thoughts .
Marking the two-time Oscar nominee 's second series in addition to Netflix 's 'House of Cards . '
David Fincher is joining the power showrunner ranks .
The two-time Oscar nominee ( The Social Network , Benjamin Button ) has landed a series order for his 1980s music video comedy , The Hollywood Reporter has learned . HBO declined comment .
Set in 1983 Los Angeles , Video Synchronicity ( working title , previously Living on Video ) centers on Robby , a wide-eyed guy who drops out of college and drives to Hollywood with dreams of directing a sci-fi epic . He lands a job as a production assistant for a company that makes music videos .
Said to be along the lines of HBO 's Entourage , the comedy revolves around the players of the then-exploding music video industry — directors , record executives and crew members , many of them who dabble in drugs — as told through the eyes of a newcomer named Robby .
PHOTOS 40 Years of HBO
Red Band Society breakout Charlie Rowe stars as Robby . The actor replaced The Killing 's Tyler Ross as the lead in the comedy , which filmed two episodes rather than a traditional pilot .
As with every Fincher project , details are being kept under wraps but the cast is said to include Sam Page ( reteaming with Fincher after a recurring role on House of Cards ) , Jason Flemyng , Kerry Condon , Elizabeth Lail , Corbin Bernsen and Paz Vega .
Fincher , a two-time Grammy winner for best music video ( The Rolling Stones ' `` Love Is Strong '' and Justin Timberlake and Jay-Z 's `` Suit & Tie '' ) , will direct and exec produce . Based on an idea from Fincher , he 'll write alongside Bob Stephenson and Rich Wilkes ( xXx ) . Michael Lehmann and Marcos Siega are on board as co-exec producers .
For HBO , the Fincher comedy joins a rapidly growing roster of half-hour programming that also includes new additions Lorne Michaels ' Brothers in Atlanta , Sarah Jessica Parker vehicle Divorce and web-to-TV pot comedy High Maintenance .
Those join a comedy slate that also includes the upcoming Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson entry Balllers , Danny McBride 's Vice Principals as well as Jack Black and Tim Robbins starrer The Brink .
The remainder of the premium cabler 's comedy slate includes Doll & Em , Girls , Getting On , Silicon Valley , Togetherness , Veep and the TV movie finale of Looking .
As for the rest of HBO 's comedy pilot slate , that includes Whitney Cummings vehicle Are Men Necessary ? , and half-hours from Sarah Silverman and Issa Rae .
Fincher now has series on HBO and Netflix , the latter of which recently renewed House of Cards for a fourth season .
Email : Lesley.Goldberg @ THR.com
Twitter : @ Snoodit
The French advance into Lombardy and the Pavia campaign of 1524–25 . French movements are indicated in blue and Imperial movements in red .
Italy brought France the Renaissance , and France brought Italy warfare , strengthening the Valois Dynasty . However , war in Italy was about more than Italy . The peninsula was just one theater of the conflict between the Valois and Habsburg Dynasties for the domination of western Europe . When the Habsburg king of Spain , Charles V , became Holy Roman Emperor in 1519 , France faced encirclement from the Spanish Netherlands to Germany to Spain to Italy . The wars were really about dynastic considerations and for the prestige and glory of the warrior-kings involved .
The French monarch , Francis I , began war against Charles in Italy in 1521 but was defeated and captured at Pavia in 1525 . Charles imprisoned Francis in Spain and ransomed the king , who returned to France in 1527 . After another round of fighting , the two monarchs made peace in 1529 , and Francis married the emperor 's sister , Eleanor . The two monarchs fought further inconclusive wars from 1536 to 1538 and from 1542 to 1544 . In this period , Francis , a Catholic , did not hesitate to ally against the Catholic Habsburgs with German Protestant princes and with Muslim Ottomans .
Yet these wars fought largely in Italy also sparked a revolution in military affairs that included the construction of great fortresses on the model called the trace italienne and saw the rise of the musket as the newest infantry weapon . By 1529 , large standing armies were the norm , not small dynastic armies raised for a war and then disbanded . To pay for the armies and artillery now required in the new age of warfare , Francis I used his personal fortune to buy the loyalty of his nobles with titles and cash . He used the new form of patronage to control his nobles by creating vertical ties that bound them to him as tightly as had the old ties of feudalism .
The most significant battle of the period , Pavia ( 1525 ) , was the first attack on France from Italy in centuries . Arquebusiers came out from behind their ramparts and attacked in ranks , in the first battle in which small arms fire was decisive . It was also a battle of surprise , maneuver , and massacre . The French lost 8,000 to the imperials ' 700 . By 1530 , successful sieges were a matter of execution , not invention . However , bastional fortresses on the Italian design were expensive , and only rich states or cities could afford them . Recognizing the importance of the fortress , the French began constructing a double line of fortresses in the northeast , which held through a lack of resolves among its enemies and would hold through the wars of Louis XIV .
The Treaty of Cateau-Cambrésis in 1559 that ended the Valois-Habsburg Wars also illustrated their international aspect beyond Italy . The French renounced any claims on the Italian peninsula , acquired Calais from the English , and secured Toul , Metz , and Verdun .
Ruprecht Heller , The Battle of Pavia ( 1529 ) , Nationalmuseum , Stockholm
Battle of Pavia , ( 24 February 1525 )
The turning point of the “ Italian wars ” and the end of the era of chivalry . By 1525 , French kings had been claiming territories in Italy for 30 years . To reach their political goals , they had to face the thrones of Spain and Austria , which were combined in 1519 , forming a threatening neighbor . The nature of the Italian wars changed as the new king , Charles V , ruled countries surrounding France on three sides . In 1524 , the imperialist forces invaded Provence , but facing failure at the siege of Marseille , they had to retire in front of the main French army . Francis I , the king of France , decided to follow the retiring army in Italy .
The imperialists resisted the French invasion but had to fall back on their fortified garrisons of Pavia and Lodi . Francis decided ( against the advice of his wiser commanders ) to avoid a direct fight against the main imperialist army , led by the Marquis of Pescara . He chose instead to besiege Pavia .
The siege began on 28 October 1524 . Facing superior French artillery , the Spanish commander Antonio de Levya made a stubborn defense . Unable to storm the town rapidly , Francis decided to make his winter quarters in a walled park , north of the siege work . The desertion rate among the mercenaries began to rise ( 8,000 Swiss on 20 February 1525 alone ) . Pescara 's army of 40,000 , mainly Landsknecht ( mercenary soldiers from the Holy Roman Empire ) , pikemen , harquebusiers , and light artillery , left Lodi and reached Pavia to find a waiting French army . The besieger was besieged in Mirabello Park .
The battle took place on 24 February 1525 . During the night of the 23d-24th , the imperialists ( 23,000 soldiers ) took the initiative . Their approach march turned around the high wall , and a breach was made in an unsuspected spot . Dawn took the French army of 22,000 unprepared and separated in three groups . Following the king , the French cavalry impetuously charged the Landsknecht as soon as they emerged from the wall while still masking their own artillery . Facing deadly fire , the French cavalry was cut to pieces , and the reinforcements , unable to stop the imperialists , were destroyed piecemeal . Francis I , wounded in the thick of the fray , was taken prisoner , and 10,000 French were killed , including hundreds of lords , as no mercy was given by either side .
This crushing defeat marked the beginning of a period of imperial control of Italy . “ Tout est perdu , fors l'Honneur ” ( “ All is lost but honor ) was the comment made by Francis I , writing to his mother to announce his defeat .
References and further reading : Duffy , Christopher . Siege Warfare : The Fortress in the Early Modern World , 1494-1660 . London : Routledge and Paul , 1979 . Oman , Sir Charles . A History of the Art of War in Italy in the Sixteenth Century . London : Methuen , 1937 . Taylor , F. L. The Art of War in Italy , 1459-1529 . 1921 . 2d ed. , Westport , CT : Greenwood Press , 1973 . Cornette , Joel . Chronique de la France moderne , le XVIeme siecle . Paris : SEDES , 1995 . Hardy , Etienne . Origines de la tactique française . Paris : Dumaine , 1881 . Konstam , Angus . Pavia 1525 . London : Osprey Publishers , 1996 .
Advertisements
The story of a maverick young priest from County Clare whose audacious bid to colonise much of California including the San Joaquin Valley with Irish families in the 1840s precipitated the Mexican-US War .
MacNamara 's Mexican project could have led to the founding of a ‘ New Ennis ' , ‘ New Clare ' or even ‘ New Ireland ' , but it was thwarted by President Polk whose forces seized California .
Author John Fox spoke to Sean about Eugene MacNamara , a maverick young priest from Ennis , County Clare who sought to establish a colony for Irish families in the 1840s in Alta California , Mexico 's far north-western territory .
Had the '10,000 ready volunteers from Limerick , Clare and Cork ' of whom he boasted , actually arrived , a ‘ New Ennis ' , ‘ New Clare ' or ‘ New Ireland ' could have been born .
‘ El Proyecto Macnamara ' : The Maverick Irish Priest and the Race to Seize California 1844-1846 published by Irish Academic Press
Listen to the interview here :
The Trump Administration has given troops new authorities to directly target terrorists .
US President Donald Trump has put Pakistan on notice for providing safe haven to the Taliban and other terror organisations in its soil , Vice President Mike Pence has said during his unannounced visit to Afghanistan . `` For too long Pakistan has provided safe haven to the Taliban and many terrorist organisations , but those days are over , '' Pence told American troops at the Bagram airbase in Afghanistan . `` President Trump has put Pakistan on notice , '' Pence said , addressing about 500 troops in a hangar decorated with Christmas decorations and massive armored vehicles . `` As the President said , so I say now : Pakistan has much to gain from partnering with the US , and Pakistan has much to lose by continuing to harbor criminals and terrorists , '' the vice president said , issuing another stern warning to Pakistan , for which using non-state actors against its two neighbours India and Afghanistan has been part of its national security policy.Trump , he said , has unleashed the full range of American military might . `` We 've lifted the restrictions that limited the effectiveness of our armed forces , so you can , as the President has said , fully and swiftly wage battle against the enemy , '' he said.The Trump Administration , he said , has given the troops new authorities to directly target the terrorists no matter where they hide.He has empowered battlefield commanders with the freedom and flexibility they need to win.Pence said this new strategy is already bearing fruit all across Afghanistan . `` American people deserve to know that with the courage of everyone gathered here , we 're making real progress in this fight for freedom in Afghanistan . We 've dramatically increased American air strikes . And together with our Afghan partners , we 've put the Taliban on the defensive , '' he said . `` We 've prevented them from launching a major campaign against a provincial capital for the first time in three years . We 've targeted the Taliban 's funding as never before through renewed attacks on its drug trafficking networks , '' Pence said . `` All across this country we 've won new victories against the terrorists , no matter what they call themselves or where they try to hide . Our enemies will have no time to recover or rebuild because we will continue to bring overwhelming force to defeat them every day , every time , '' Pence said.Trump , according to him , has ordered the integration of every facet of American power , diplomatic and economic measures to achieve lasting peace in Afghanistan . `` And until that day comes , you can be assured , we will be relentless in our campaign to destroy our enemies . Because as history attests , weakness arouses evil , and peace only comes through strength . So be strong and courageous , and do the work of freedom , '' Pence said.In Afghanistan , Pence met the Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and CEO Abdullah Abdullah . `` We discussed the progress that we 've made in this country and America 's commitment to the Afghan government and the commitment of the Afghanis to their own freedom in this land , '' he said . `` I said to them what I say to you now : Under President Donald Trump , the Armed Forces of the United States will remain engaged in Afghanistan until we eliminate the terrorist threat to our homeland , our people once and for all , '' he added .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Michelle Obama on Friday criticized a Trump administration decision to delay federal rules aimed at making school lunch healthier , saying kids will end up “ eating crap ” instead .
Mrs. Obama told a health conference in Washington that more nutritionally sound school meals are needed since millions of kids nationwide eat federally subsidized breakfast and lunch at school . Without mentioning President Donald Trump by name , she urged parents to think about the government 's recent decision and to “ look at motives . ”
“ You have to stop and think , ‘ Why do n't you want our kids to have good food at school ? What is wrong with you and why is that a partisan issue ? ” Mrs. Obama said . “ Why would that be political ? ”
“ Moms , think about this . I do n't care what state you live in , take me out of the equation , like me , do n't like me , but think about why someone is OK with your kids eating crap , ” she said .
During a nearly hourlong conversation led by Sam Kass , the Obamas ' personal chef during their White House years and executive director of the anti-childhood obesity initiative she spearheaded as first lady , Mrs. Obama also spoke briefly about her future plans . Her family 's last day in the White House was Jan. 20 , and she said she and former President Barack Obama would spend the year figuring out what comes next .
In one of his first major acts , Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue announced on May 1 that the department will delay an upcoming requirement to reduce the amount of sodium in school meals . Purdue said he also planned to keep issuing waivers to a regulation requiring that more whole grains also be served . Schools could also serve 1 percent flavored-milk instead of the nonfat variety now required .
The school meal changes reflect suggestions from the School Nutrition Association , which represents school nutrition directors and companies that sell food to schools . The group often battled with the Obama administration , which phased in the healthier school meal rules starting in 2012 .
The move partially rolls back rules the former first lady supported as part of her “ Let 's Move ” anti-childhood obesity initiative , but leaves most of the Obama administration 's school meal rules in place . Those rules include requirements that students must take fruits and vegetables on the lunch line . Some schools have asked for changes to that policy , saying students often throw those items into the trash .
“ If kids are n't eating the food , and it 's ending up in the trash , they are n't getting any nutrition — thus undermining the intent of the program , ” Perdue said in making the announcement at a school in Leesburg , Virginia .
But Mrs. Obama said it 's time for adults to take charge and not put kids in charge .
“ How about we stop asking kids how they feel about their food because kids , my kids included , if they could eat pizza and french fries every day with ice cream on top and a soda they would think they were happy , until they get sick , ” she said .
“ That to me is one of the most ridiculous things we talk about in this movement , ” the former first lady continued . “ You know what ? Kids do n't like math either . What are we going to do ? Stop teaching math ? ”
Her appearance at the annual conference , sponsored by the Partnership for a Healthier America , a nonprofit organization that was created to support her anti-childhood obesity work , was Mrs. Obama 's second major public outing since leaving the White House . Last month in Orlando , Florida , she participated in a question-and-answer session during the American Institute of Architects ' annual conference .
The Obamas have started to re-emerge into the public arena after laying low and cooling their heels on vacations since leaving the White House . Mrs. Obama said she and her husband are busy settling into their new home and offices in Washington and making sure daughters Malia and Sasha are doing well . They also have books to write and money to raise for the presidential center they plan to build on the South Side of her native Chicago .
“ We 're not gone . We 're just breathing , ” Mrs. Obama said .
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter : http : //www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Police have identified the suspect as 48-year-old Daniel Darrel Wheelis . Wheelis is approximately 5 ' 9 '' and 150 pounds . He may be driving a 2-door 1999 Dark Green Chevrolet Cavalier with fictitious tags . Also , Police say he often rides CAT buses.If you have any information that could help investigators please call local authorities.In the police report it states Wheelis threatened to come back and kill everyone if employees called the police.Also , police say when Wheelis demanded money he pulled out a cell phone and said `` activate '' as if someone on the other end would activate the alleged IED.Little Rock police are looking for a man they say robbed a bank Friday morning , then left behind a backpack which he told employees held a bomb.Authorities say the robbery occurred around 10:15 a.m. at the US Bank at 5200 Kavanaugh Boulevard in Little Rock 's Heights district . Police were able to pull a photo of the suspect from security cameras inside the bank.Officers immediately shut down a two-block area around the bank , and began an evacuation . Members of the Little Rock Fire Department Bomb Squad x-rayed the backpack , and found wires and other materials consistent with an explosive device.Just before noon , the bomb squad used a water cannon to detonate the device , making a loud 'pop ' that could be heard several blocks away . Authorities re-examined the device , and determined that while it was not an actual bomb , the suspect had designed it to look like one.No injuries were reported . It 's not known if the suspect got away with any money .
Alec Bradley 's anticipated spring release of its candela is still on schedule , but the green cigars will be hitting shelves with a different name at the request of a fellow veteran . The Alec Bradley “ Dirty Hooligan ” has been renamed “ Filthy Hooligan ” as a gesture from Alec Bradley owner Alan Rubin to longtime friend Jonathan Drew of Drew Estate fame .
“ I had to make a decision that was based on integrity , ” says Rubin , who explained that he received a text message Saturday from Drew , a long-time friend who explained that the “ Dirty ” name was important to the marketing of several of Drew Estate 's products . Rubin and his staff decided Monday to scrap the name . “ The product is good enough to sell on its own , no matter what we called it , ” says Rubin .
With labels and boxes already in the early stages of production , the sudden change has financial repercussions . Rubin said he already had plates , boxes , and T-shirts in print . But Rubin is taking those things in stride . “ We view the friendship as more important and the relationship as more important , ” said Sam Phillips , vice president of marketing .
While the packaging has been changed to reflect the adjustment in name , the cigars themselves will stay the same . The bunch is essentially the same as the Black Market blend from which it is a descendant : a double binder , one leaf Honduran , the other Nicaraguan , and filler tobaccos from Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama . The only tweak was “ a bit of extra Panama ” according to Phillips , who describes the flavor of the smoke as having some very light white pepper undertones . The wrapper is a vibrant green Nicaraguan leaf cured by the Plasencias in Nicaragua .
Rubin says a candela has been in the pipeline for years , but last year they found the leaf they wanted with Nestor Plasencia 's Nicaraguan production . Rubin says of the wrapper , “ It has a life to it—it 's not thick and bitter , but it 's lively . ”
As with many candelas that come to market , the Filthy Hooligan cigar is a limited release project for the St. Patrick 's Day holiday . Just one size—a 6 inch by 50 ring Toro—is being released for now , and only 2,000 boxes of 22 cigars each are going to market .
© AFP 2018 / ADEM ALTAN Is Turkey Turning Towards A Full Eurasian Pivot ?
While many in the Balkans were lamenting the cancellation of the South Stream project last December , Russia was hard at work laying the foundation for its replacement , hereafter referred to as ‘ Balkan Stream ' . The concept is to connect ‘ Turkish Stream ' , the Russian pipeline to Turkey 's Eastern Thrace region , to South Stream 's previously intended Serbian , Hungarian , and Austrian partners , but detouring through Greece and Macedonia to compensate for the exclusion of Bulgaria . While such a strategy was previously only talk , concrete action was taken this week to transform it into a reality , which would n't have been possible had Macedonia not beaten back the Color Revolution attempt that aimed to sabotage the entire thing .
Step By Step
The whole reason that Balkan Stream was conceived in the first place was because its predecessor , South Stream , was cancelled last December . Russia took this decision after Bulgaria ( influenced by the EU acting on behalf of the US ) made it impossible to construct the pipeline through its territory due to a slew of political and legal games that it was playing . At the time , the author was the first person to write that a replacement route could realistically go through Greece and Macedonia , thereby resurrecting the project and fulfilling the pressing energy demands in Europe that necessitated its creation in the first place . Russia was quick to move , and in the same breath that it cancelled South Stream , it announced ‘ Turkish Stream ' to partially replace it . This pipeline will travel under the Black Sea just as South Stream was intended to , but would instead reach land at Turkey , not Bulgaria . From there , the Russian government said , European nations could buy gas from a terminal at the Greco-Turkish border , in what was interpreted as a vague hint that such purchases could either be LNG or possibly even the start of a brand-new pipeline .
Midway through December , Putin officially suggested during his annual news conference that the Greek-Macedonian ‘ detour ' could represent a solution to South Stream 's cancellation , provided that there was interest in his proposal . This was echoed by the Hungarian Foreign Minister in mid-January , when he said that his country would support the project . Interpreting this as a greenlight to move forward , Putin discussed the topic with Viktor Orban during the former 's visit to Budapest last month . This week was the most monumental in terms of actually making progress on the project because Stroitransgaz , one of the companies involved in the original South Stream , announced on Thursday that it would be building a gas pipeline through Macedonia , which is set to begin construction this weekend and be completed by next summer . That same day , the Hungarian President , while on a four-day visit to Turkey , spoke with Erdoğan about a financing plan for the project , and a day afterwards , the Macedonian Foreign Minister paid an official visit to Turkey as well , where it is expected that he 'll discuss the topic , too . Through these series of diplomatic steps , Balkan Stream made the jump from paper to practice .
© AP Photo / Petr David Josek Slovakia 's Eustream Ready to 'Continue ' Russian-Turkish Pipeline to Europe
This was n't supposed to happen , at least not if the US had gotten its way in Macedonia last month . Understanding that it 's the crucial bottleneck through which Balkan Stream must run , Washington wanted to stage a coup in the country in order to install a new leader that would reject the project and put an end to the region 's plans for reliable energy transit . Nikola Gruevski , the Prime Minister of Macedonia , had earlier broke ranks with his EU partners by refusing to sanction Russia , in a show of rebellion that the US felt it had to absolutely put down . For the few past couple of years , it had contracted the services of former intelligence chief Zoran Verushevsky in order to illegally wiretap over 20,000 people in the tiny country of 2 million , including politicians , journalists , and regular citizens . When it became clear at the end of last summer that South Stream was being stonewalled by Bulgaria and a new route would likely have to be streamlined ( which geography dictates would obviously have to go through Macedonia ) , it activated its intelligence cell in order to preempt these plans , just in case they would go forward sometime in the future .
Zoran Zaev , the leader of the opposition , was given copies of these illegal tapes in order to blackmail the government , which he attempted to do from September to November . When Gruevski refused to give in to the blackmail , Zaev threatened to go public with the wiretaps and accuse the government of carrying them out , alleging that they also contained embarrassing political information and insinuating that this would lead to a Color Revolution . At the end of January , the Macedonian security services finally arrested Verushevky and a few other conspirators for plotting a coup , and Zaev had his passport taken to prevent him from fleeing while the investigation was ongoing . Verushevsky 's son even attempted to destroy his father 's computer before police stopped him , yet authorities were able to access the salvaged hard drive and recover Skype conversations where Verushevky and another plotter even spoke of starting a civil war in the country as a result of the blackmail ‘ revelations ' .
While Zaev attempted to create an actual Color Revolution last month by encouraging people to amass in the streets and protest the government , he failed to garner a consistent and sizeable following , showing that most Macedonians saw through the gimmick for what it was — a Ukrainian-styled soft coup attempt . Taking matters further , both Albanian parties in the country ( whose affiliates are estimated to possibly constitute a quarter of the population ) loudly distanced themselves from Zaev , thereby diminishing the prospects of a return to the 2001 interethnic violence that rocked the country and could have set the stage for the civil war that the conspirators previously discussed . Russia evidently feels that the combination of government action , Albanian loyalty , and popular support has finally stabilized the situation , since it would not have gone forward with the pipeline 's construction through Macedonia had it thought that it could be endangered by the Color Revolution attempt . Accordingly , one can interpret this as Moscow 's recognition that Washington 's plot ultimately failed .
The Battles Ahead
Despite the obvious failure of Zaev 's destabilization , serious threats still remain that could endanger the viability of Balkan Stream . These mostly have to deal with the susceptibility of Hungary and Serbia to similar Color Revolution attempts ( or a reoccurrence of instability in Macedonia ) , as well as the fragility of the Greek government . Also , a plan needs to be devised as to how the pipeline will comply with the EU 's Third Energy Package ( which mandates the separation of energy suppliers and distributors ) , as the failure to have done so was the ‘ official ‘ reason that South Stream was stonewalled last year . If these difficulties can be surmounted , which is entirely feasible , then Balkan Stream has the potential to enrich the region and ensure Europe 's stable energy transit for decades to come .
SALT LAKE CITY — This is the Year of the Flag for Utah 's football team . Not that flag ; the yellow one . You know , the kind that referees carry in their pockets , although in the case of the Utes , they do n't stay there long . The zebras have thrown so many flags this season they 've got pitcher 's elbow .
Know who has produced the most yardage against the Utes this season ?
• Opposing quarterbacks : 838 yards
• Referees : 365 yards
• Opposing running backs : 348 yards
That 's 365 yards on 37 penalties in four games — 9.9 yards per penalty , just short of a first down . The refs are outperforming quarterback Tyler Huntley ( 8.1 yards per attempt ) and running back Zack Moss ( 4.6 yards per carry ) .
If referees were wearing Ute uniforms they 'd rank fourth on the team in total offense , behind Darren Carrington , Huntley and Moss .
The refs have outgained Utah 's leading rusher by exactly 100 yards .
For the record , the Utes ranked ninth in the nation in penalty yards out of 129 teams , heading into last weekend 's bye .
Head coach Kyle Whittingham is concerned . Well , sort of maybe not really .
`` I have been very concerned , ” he said at his weekly news conference . “ It is not the end of the world . It seems like for four straight weeks we have n't had the blatant late hits or swinging at a guy after the play . There have n't been any of those , so the penalties that we have had , we can live with a lot of them , but there are still too many . ”
So the takeaway here is that the Utes are just glad they have n't hauled off and punched someone in the face between plays .
It is a measure of the Utes ' talent and potential that they are unbeaten in four games despite the flying flags . Their defense , as usual , leads the way , ranking No . 2 in the Pac-12 in scoring defense and No . 1 in interceptions , forced turnovers , pass defense efficiency and rushing defense . But at the current rate , the penalties are bound to burn them down the road .
The Utes have been flagged for six personal fouls and one unsportsmanlike conduct , plus 13 holding calls ( nine on offense ) , five pass inference violations and three illegal blocks . That 's slightly more than three holding calls per game . Uh , learning curve ? Three holds on a weekend night might be good on a date , but not a football field .
Their opponents have committed about half as many penalties ( 19 ) as the Utes , who are averaging 9.2 penalties and 91.25 penalty yards per game .
They are committing a penalty about every 15½ plays .
The Utes had 11 penalties in each of the first two games ( North Dakota , BYU ) , only six against San Jose State and nine against Arizona .
“ There are still too many and we know we have n't been doing ourselves any favors with how many times we have been penalized , ” Whittingham continues . “ But we still want to be aggressive and push the envelope we just have to clean up what is going on . But what is going on could be worse . ”
OK , any questions ?
Much was made of the Utes ' new offense this season , but so far it is producing only slightly better numbers than a year ago , with schedules that are remarkably similar — BYU and San Jose State , plus an FCS opponent and a Pac-12 opponent . Through four games last season , the Utes totaled 1,710 yards and 11 TDs ; through four games this season , 1,771 yards and 13 touchdowns . But then there are all those penalties — 27 for 237 yards last year , 37 for 365 yards this season .
Of the offensive possessions that were hampered by a penalty , seven of them resulted in no score , four resulted in field goals , and four ended with touchdowns ( but only two occurred after major penalties ) .
The questions now : Do the Utes have the discipline to clean up the penalties and , if not , will it cost them a game before they take them seriously ?
The news that Burger King has been selling horsemeat-contaminated Whoppers in the UK comes just days before Oklahoma debates a bill that would make horse slaughter legal in that state for the first time in 50 years .
If it succeeds , there could be a contaminated horse meat burger in your future . Here 's why :
Reason # 1 : The way burgers are made
Your average beef burger is a big mash-up of edible scraps and parts from different cows from different plants , often from different states ( and even countries ) , with fat and additives ground in .
This practice was exposed as part of a year-long investigation by the Kansas City Star of four of America 's largest packing plants ( Cargill , JBS , Tyson and National Beef ) , where photographs show tubs of scraps and cuts waiting to be ground into burgers , along with other truly unappetizing aspects of meat processing .
The practice was also exposed in a 2009 New York Times article , `` The Burger That Shattered Her Life . ''
Producing ground beef this way `` makes it difficult to trace liability to any particular plant in the case of e-coli contamination , '' says Dr. Lester Castro Friedlander , DVM , a veterinarian and former USDA inspector and inspections trainer of the year .
The contamination of Burger King Whoppers and Tesco patties show that it 's not just disparate parts of different cattle from different plants and countries that find their way into burger meat , but pork and horse meat as well , all crossing borders ( and datelines ) and sold to unwary customers .
Polish horse meat-contaminated beef patties and Whoppers produced in Ireland and consumed in the UK ? Just the tip of the horseberg .
Reason # 2 : Oklahoma bills seek to slaughter horses not raised as food animals
Rural U.S. lawmakers with ties to the cattle industry and economically-strapped horse breeding registries have been pushing to reopen horse slaughterhouses since the last three plants shut down in 2007 ( two in Texas , one in Illinois ) .
On Tuesday , February 5 , 2013 , they 're poised to try again in Oklahoma when a new bill sponsored by state Senator Mark Allen ( SB375 ) is scheduled for a second reading in the state 's Agriculture and Rural Development Committee . Allen 's bill would overturn Oklahoma 's existing 1963 ban on selling and producing horsemeat .
Representative Skye McNiel is also pushing to overturn the ban with another bill , HB1999 .
What 's behind it are 140,000-150,000 U.S. horses that are now being slaughtered in Canada and Mexico for the EU and Japan plus about 45,000 mustangs unwisely removed by the Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) from public lands and warehoused at taxpayer expense , many in long-term holding pens in Oklahoma .
Quite a few people in the meat trade are pushing to weaken laws that would allow them to legally buy and sell these protected wild horses at a large profit to slaughter plants . ( In fact , they 've been doing this illegally for some time , as revealed in the National Journal article , `` Is the U.S. Government Complicit in the Killing of Over 1,000 Wild Horses ? '' as well as in an investigation reported on in The Desert Independent ) .
They also want to slaughter horses disposed of by racetracks , rodeos , horse breeders and owners struggling in the recession -- a surplus market that has made the actual raising of horses as meat animals ( the way cattle are ) completely unnecessary in the U.S. for decades .
Sen. Allen 's and Rep. McNiel 's bills are trying to harness that business for their home state , which ranks fourth in the nation in horse ownership per capita and bills itself as the `` horse show capital of the U.S . ''
It also happens to have several struggling racetracks as well as a large cattle industry -- same as in Ireland and the UK . They do n't raise horses for meat over there , either .
Reason # 3 : Carcinogenic contaminants in horse meat have been downplayed by UK authorities -- just as they are in the U.S .
`` Burger King 's 'cover-up ' of horse meat scandal turns up cancer-causing drug in UK abattoirs '' according to a Jan. 28 Daily Mail headline . And there are countless others just like it that have been surfacing in the media in recent months .
What they reveal about cancer-causing drugs in horse meat is n't specific to the UK , though ; it 's relevant here , especially since U.S. horses are more medicated than anywhere in the world with drugs banned in food animals by the FDA . Even one-time use of most of them is illegal in any animal slaughtered for human consumption .
The focus of the Daily Mail article is phenylbutazone ( bute ) , a known human carcinogen . It also happens to be the most widely administered equine pain reliever in the U.S. as well as abroad -- one that can cause aplastic anemia in humans , even in minute amounts according to two scientific articles , including one published in the Veterinary Ireland Journal .
Phenylbutazone ( bute ) is arguably the most potent and effective pain relieving agent available in equine medicine in this country . The difficulty with phenylbutazone is that it , or its metabolite , can cause aplastic anemia in children . If a child were to consume an animal-based product containing even the minutest amount of bute or its metabolite then the child may develop aplastic anemia
According to that article ,
Another article on the public health hazards posed by bute in horse meat published in Food and Chemical Toxicology is equally foreboding . Still , people who 've eaten both horse meat and beef are fond of saying they 're both equally safe and that there 's no difference between eating one or the other . Why eat Elsie the cow and not Mr. Ed ?
This is where a knowledge of veterinary science , slaughter and the testing process -- and not simply a passing familiarity with talking animals on TV or served-up as entrées -- is essential .
More than 90 percent of Americans who own horses report giving them bute , and the USDA has no working system for tracking its use . The only way to keep it out of U.S. horse meat is to raise horses for food the way cattle are .
But that 's really expensive -- way more expensive than raising cattle . Remember , that it 's cheap , available , surplus racehorses and other horses that bills like Oklahoma Senator Mark Allen 's and Representative Skye McNiel 's would send to slaughter and then sell commercially .
That would reopen a new pipeline for contaminated meat inside the U.S. that was shut down five years ago nationwide and 50 years ago in Oklahoma .
Reason # 4 : Poor labeling prevents consumers from knowing what 's in their food and the industry works to keep it that way
Initial reports of the Tesco story all claimed that there were no food safety hazards from eating stealth horse meat , much in the same way that Burger King has covered up its horse meat contamination for two weeks while it got its PR plan together . That 's standard for the industry on both sides of the pond .
The beef industry is increasingly relying on a mechanical process to tenderize meat , exposing Americans to higher risk of E. coli poisoning . The industry then resists labeling such products , leaving consumers in the dark . The result : Beef in America is plentiful and affordable , spun out in enormous quantities at high speeds , but it 's a bonanza with hidden dangers .
As the Kansas City Star reported ,
While the Star 's specific focus is the risks of e-coli contamination in beef rather than the dangers of drug contamination in horse meat , consumers would be wise to educate themselves .
Horse meat contamination issues have been known for years but ignored by the industry and the USDA . I did happen to ask its Food Safety Inspection Service ( FSIS ) spokesman back in September , 2012 , about what the agency was doing to deal with the preponderance of phenylbutazone in the population of U.S. slaughter horses and he said , `` What 's that ? ''
I spelled out the dangers and asked him to inform me when FSIS had some guidelines for dealing with them . No word on that in more than four months .
Dr. Temple Grandin , an animal behaviorist and paid consultant to the slaughter industry , was similarly unaware of what bute was when I interviewed her more than a year ago for an article about a horse slaughter plant she designed that was found to have failed to legally stun horses before slaughtering them .
If Dr. Grandin and FSIS do n't know about the dangers of bute in horsemeat , then how can horse meat ever be safe to sell or eat ?
Reason # 5 : Consumers are misled about contamination issues by Wikipedia .
A lot of people argue that horse meat ( or `` cheval , '' as some marketers are trying to rebrand it ) is a healthy alternative to beef , including quite a few journalists and particularly food bloggers . Why ? Wikipedia 's horse meat page of course .
No mention of drug contamination issues there . You have to instead visit Wikipedia 's horse slaughter page to find the following : `` Horses in the United States are not bred , raised or treated as meat . Almost all equine medications and treatments are labeled 'not for horses intended for human consumption . ' In the European Union , horses intended for slaughter can not be treated with many medications commonly used for U.S. horses . For horses going to slaughter , there is no period of withdrawal between the time it leaves home and the time it is butchered . ''
So there you have it . What happens in the UK does n't stay in the UK . And if Oklahoma lawmakers succeed , it will certainly pose risks for U.S. consumers as well as a beef industry looking to reassure customers -- not lose them over food safety fears .
This is especially true if the USDA simply gives its `` stamp of approval '' without educating the public and confronting the drugging and other food safety issues that have existed for years .
This post was originally published on Forbes .
Broccoli Cauliflower Tetrazzini is a creamy , vegetarian pasta casserole with lots of Parmesan cheese flavor and a buttery Panko crumb topping .
Chicken ( or Turkey after Thanksgiving ) Tetrazzini is always a family favorite of ours . But since my daughter became vegetarian a few years ago , I had to learn ways to cook some of her favorite foods without the meat . Broccoli and Cauliflower Tetrazzini is every bit as comforting and delicious as Chicken Tetrazzini but can be enjoyed by vegetarians too .
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
Broccoli and cauliflower are two of my favorite vegetables . I know there are many people who do n't like cauliflower and if that is the case , just use all broccoli . Or all cauliflower if you 're not a fan of broccoli . Carrots would also be really good in this dish .
There are n't many people who can resist a creamy pasta dish with Parmesan cheese and a crunchy bread crumb topping . Even the meat lover in your family will be a fan of this meal .
I use fettuccine , but linguine or spaghetti work well too . You could even use farfalle , shells , or penne .
Never miss a recipe ! Follow Spicy Southern Kitchen on Pinterest and Instagram .
Sign up HERE for the Spicy Southern Kitchen Newsletter .
Print Broccoli Cauliflower Tetrazzini Prep Time 20 mins Cook Time 30 mins Total Time 50 mins Broccoli Cauliflower Tetrazzini is a creamy , vegetarian pasta casserole with lots of Parmesan cheese flavor and a buttery Panko crumb topping . Course : Main Course Cuisine : American Servings : 4 Calories : 488 kcal Authors : Christin Mahrlig Ingredients 10-12 ounces fettuccine , cooked according to package directions
2 1/2 cups chopped broccoli florets
2 1/2 cups chopped cauliflower florets
3 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 1/4 cups milk
2/3 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 ( 4.5-oz ) can slice mushrooms , drained
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
1/4 cup Panko crumbs
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese Instructions Steam broccoli and cauliflower until just tender . Sprinkle with a little salt . Heat oven to 375 degrees a grease a casserole dish . In a large pan , melt butter over medium heat . Add flour and cook and stir for 1 minute . Gradually whisk in milk . Simmer for 2-3 minutes to thicken . Remove pan from heat and stir in 2/3 cup Parmesan cheese , mushrooms , salt and pepper . Add cooked fettuccine and broccoli and cauliflower to pan and stir to mix in . Transfer to prepared casserole dish and top with Panko crumbs and 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese . Place in oven for 25 to 30 minutes , until hot and bubbly . Nutrition Facts Broccoli Cauliflower Tetrazzini Amount Per Serving Calories 488 * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet .
More Vegetarian Recipes
Vegetarian Sloppy Joes
Vegetarian BBQ Nachos
What happens after you rip off the logo of a gay bar in Richmond , Va. , folks assume you 're a gay bar , you post a status update to your Facebook page clarifying that you 're a “ straight bar ” and social media slams you for it ? Answer : You go out of business before ever going into business.That seems to be the case with Barcode on the 500 block of Jefferson Street Downtown ( or Bar Code , depending on where you see the name — Facebook or the sign affixed to the building ) . The would-be “ straight bar ” that as recently as a couple of weeks ago was promising on Facebook to be “ opening soon ” is now courting a new leaseholder.Since we reported in late November about Barcode 's Nov. 22 status update — “ Barcode downtown is not a gay bar , nor is it associated with the gay community . It [ sic ] a straight bar that [ sic ] mostly hip hop. ” — and the resulting fire storm of anger and snark directed at the bar by many on Facebook , it seems the leaseholder for the business has had a change of heart . The location is now listed as “ For Rent ” and the front windows are draped in black plastic .
At about the time we reported on the fallout from Barcode declaring its heterosexuality , we also got an email from a gay reader wondering if a new gay bar was opening Downtown . Inquiries such as this are probably what prompted the bar to issue the silly clarification in the first place . But it 's not hard to imagine why Lafayette 's LGBT community might assume a gay-friendly bar was set to open on Jefferson Street : the owners copied the name and logo of a popular , out-and-proud bar in Richmond , Va. that features prominently a barcode in rainbow colors . The rainbow logo on the Jefferson Street sign was also crudely blacked out since our November reporting ..
Since the kerfuffle on Facebook , Barcode 's Facebook page has been scrubbed of all status updates and comments posted after late September including especially that avalanche of condemnation and sarcasm . We called the telephone number on the For Rent sign , got an automated voice mail , left a message but have not heard back .
Read the original Barcode story here .
SECRETARY OF STATE FOR AIR
LORD CHERWELL
What does all this stuff about flying saucers amount to ? What can it mean ? What is the truth ? Let me have a report at your convenience .
W.S.C .
28.July 1952
PRIME MINISTER
The various reports about unidentified flying objects , described by the Press as `` flying saucers '' , were the subject of a full Intelligence study in 1951 . The conclusions reached ( based upon William of Occam 's Razor ) were that all the incidents reported could be explained by one or other of the following causes : -
( a ) Known astronomical or meteorological phenomena
( b ) Mistaken identification of conventional aircraft , balloons , birds , etc .
( c ) Optical illusions and psychological delusions
( d ) Deliberate hoaxes .
2 . The Americans , who carried out a similar investigation in 1948/9 , reached a similar conclusion .
3 . Nothing has happened since 1951 to make the Air Staff change their opinion , and , to judge from recent Press statements , the same is true in America .
4 . I am sending a copy of this to Lord Cherwell .
9th August , 1952 .
It was n't until 1947 , following an apparent mid-flight sighting by respected pilot Kenneth Arnold , that the American public were introduced to the term ' Flying Saucer ' . Other sightings were reported almost instantly , and within weeks the whole world was awash with stories of contact from other planets . Five years later , following another intense bout of activity in the U.S. , Winston Churchill sought the opinion of his advisers by way of the memo seen below . The response , which can also be read below , was quick and with good reason as in 1950 the MoD 's Chief Scientific Adviser had secretly set-up the beautifully-named Flying Saucer Working Party - a committee dedicated to such matters - and an investigation had already taken place.Many other fascinating UFO-related documents can now be seen at the National Archives Transcript follows . Many thanks to Martin
I 've been in some pretty hairy scenarios in a race car . I got in a wreck once during testing at Road Atlanta — an extreme , high-impact wreck that I could see coming for maybe one or two seconds — and I broke my ankle . There was another wreck , also at Atlanta , where I flipped through the air , and that was pretty bad .
But the most scared I 've ever been was when I raced in the rain .
HISTORY IN MONTREAL
Rain has played a fairly big role in the season so far , doing everything from delaying and stopping races to postponing them , as was the case last weekend in Texas . So it 's probably unsurprising that a lot of fans have asked me this : “ Why do n't you just throw rain tires on the cars , and go race ? ”
After all , in F1 , they race in the rain , and all of us drive our day-to-day cars in the rain .
The 2008 and 2009 Napa Auto Parts 200 Nationwide races were run at Montreal , Canada , at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve . It 's a road course , an F1 track , primarily . It rained both times , and they were the only times that NASCAR ran races in the rain .
One thing about racing in a foreign country is that it 's hard to delay a race . You 're traveling with passports and visas . You 're limited for a certain amount of days that you can be there , and you have to honor that . When you 're in an international event , that race needs to run — literally — rain or shine . So Goodyear built a special tire for the rain .
Here 's the thing : NASCAR guys do n't drive in the rain . The 2008 race had Joey Logano , Clint Bowyer , Carl Edwards , and some other NASCAR drivers in it . But a lot of the others were specialists . When you go to road courses , especially international road course races , you tend to get people who are n't normally on your circuit . And those guys come from a road or even a sports car-type racing environment , so rain driving is in their wheelhouse .
Before the race started , I do n't think any of us took NASCAR seriously when they said they would race despite the rain . We really did n't . Then once it started , it was like well , “ We 're committed to it , so let 's make the most of it . ”
From a driving standpoint , one of the only benefits of driving in the rain is that it helps keep your brakes cool . Aside from that , we had no idea what to expect , especially grip-wise . A lot of driving a race car is about building experiences , building a feel for the car in a corner . The best drivers in the world are the ones that can do that the quickest , who can get a feel for their car the quickest . Like I said , none of the NASCAR guys had ever raced in the rain before , and in the rain , the grip changes constantly . On a road course , you also wind up off the track — and in the dirt — quite a bit . When that dirt becomes mud , you bring a lot of it back onto the track with you . That creates its own set of issues .
The 2008 Napa Auto Parts 200 lasted 48 of a scheduled 74 laps .
It did n't take long for me to figure out why racing a NASCAR race in the rain is different from an F1 race . The more cars there are on the track , the bigger the wheel spray is . There were 43 stock cars on the track at Montreal — a lot more than in F1 — and as each car went through the rain , it picked it up and shot around the back half of the car . Imagine a huge cloud of spray on top of the racetrack . That 's what it was like . It just killed your visibility . You could n't see a brake light .
Now imagine going down straightaways at about 180 mph when you ca n't see more than 20 feet in front of you . You 're blind as can be . But here 's the thing : If you do n't go full speed , you 're going to get run over by someone who is .
At points , the visibility in front of me was so poor there was no point in looking out the front windshield . So I literally drove — and keep in mind , this is probably at 160 to 180 mph — looking out the side of the car . There were markers on the track telling you how far you were from the corner : 600 feet , 500 feet , 400 feet . By looking out the side window of the car , you could see where you were , and then hit the brakes , start slowing down and downshift through the corner .
Of course , it was n't just the straightaways where the rain was a problem . Road course tracks are usually very flat , which means the water does n't drain on its own . So you can go through standing puddles of water . Three quarters of the way through in Montreal , the puddles were literally getting to the point where they were impassable . The cars were getting drowned in water .
In the end , my strategy turned into , “ Just do n't wreck . ”
When they finally red flagged the race , cars were wrecking under yellow because you could n't see each other , even going 35 mph . I ended up 12th . My teammate at JR Motorsports , Ron Fellows , won the race . He was a road course driver .
A year later , it was raining in Montreal when the race started , but it was much lighter . When it was lightly sprinkling , it was actually fun . On the other hand , running a race under half dry , half wet conditions is probably the most dangerous condition you can find yourself in on a race track . If you race with a rain tire on a track with that 's partially dry , there 's so much rubber on the tire , it quickly overheats . They 'll literally just melt right off the car and explode , and you 'll wreck really , really hard .
In the closing laps of the 2009 Napa Auto Parts 200 , we were all on rain tires . The track was mostly dry . Tires were melting off the cars . I wound up finishing fifth .
THE DANGER OF DELAYS
A related question I get asked about when it comes to rain is what it is we 're doing during the delays .
Our sport is n't really made for people to sit around and wait . A lot of times during delays , you wind up walking over and catching up with another driver . I sometimes wind up chatting with Carl Edwards because being cooped up drives him crazy . He 'll get out of the bus and walk around in the rain .
I understand why .
On our race teams , we probably have 10 to 15 guys that work on the cars , and then another six to 10 guys that go over the wall on pit road . During a rain delay , the garage stall is blocked off . So what you 're left with is about 20 people , give or take , who are all fighting for space in the 53-foot trailer of the team hauler .
We 've got guys laying everywhere . There are guys laying on the ground . It becomes very much like what I imagine it would be like if you were in the Navy , and stuck on a ship together .
All of the food is usually gone within the first few hours . It 's like a series of locusts come through . Everything gets eaten . There 's also a lot of napping . You 're trying to store energy so you can use it later . Beyond that , you get iPhone and video game playing , cards , that sort of thing .
When the delays go a little longer , a few other things tend to happen .
Some guys will take the time to talk about their family life — girlfriends or wives — and maybe vent on that scenario , which can be good ( or not so good ) . It 's a forced bonding experience . Without the rain , everybody is so busy working that you do n't really talk to each other outside of work duties . So in a way , it becomes kind of a group therapy session .
Then there 's the pranking . When you 've got a lot of time to kill , you wind up with a lot of practical jokes . We 've got one guy on our team — our tire guy , Jim Davis — who loves to take those opportunities to pull pranks on people . J.D . is the type of guy that you do n't fall asleep around .
I remember once when I fell asleep on my back . Someone took a salt and paper shaker , leaned over the top of me , and dumped it all over my face . That 's the less crude stuff that goes on . At its worst , it 's a lot like a college frat party .
You do n't want to pass out on the couch at a frat party .
If you 're going to fall asleep during a rain delay , you make sure you get somewhere private and hidden where nobody can find you , which is not always easy to do .
STAYING DRY
Looking back at those two races in Montreal , I like that NASCAR tried to experiment with something different . That 's one of the benefits of our lower racing series . They can try different things , and see how they play out .
NASCAR gave it a very good try with rain racing over those two years . In the end , though , we 're better off when it 's dry . The safety issues ca n't be understated . And whether you 're behind the wheel of a stock car or in the stands , we can all agree : It 's quite miserable to sit at a race in the rain .
Civil rights icon and former Atlanta mayor Andrew Young said Wednesday he does n't back the fight to tear down Confederate memorials around the country and that he fears it could have unintended consequences .
“ I think it 's too costly to refight the Civil War , ” Young said Wednesday at a press conference in which he and fellow civil rights icon C.T . Vivian endorsed Atlanta City Council President Ceasar Mitchell to succeed Kasim Reed as the city 's next mayor . “ We have paid too great a price in trying to bring people together . ”
Young 's comments came just days after a woman was struck and killed and at least 19 others were wounded in Charlottesville , Va. , when a car plowed into a group of demonstrators who were protesting neo-Nazis , KKK members and white nationalists who had descended on the city because of plans to dismantle Confederate statues .
President Donald Trump sent what many consider mixed messages to the nation in reaction to the violence , saying on Tuesday that “ alt-left ” demonstrators shared some blame for the confrontations after a day earlier saying racism had no place in the nation .
Former Mayor Andy Young talks about the fatal crash at Charlottesville protest last weekend .
Young said the fight in the early 2000s to replace the Confederate battle emblem on the Georgia flag hurt the state and Atlanta because the Democrats lost the governor 's mansion . If Georgia had not been embroiled in the battle , it might have salvaged the deal to bring a Mercedes-Benz plant to southern Georgia and an accompanying 3,000 jobs and that Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act might have expanded in the state .
“ I 've always been interested more in substance over symbols , ” Young said , calling the fight over the flag a mistake .
“ If the truth be known , we 've had as much agony but also glory under the United States flag , ” he said . “ That flew over segregated America , it flew over slavery . ”
Young also said he thinks James Alex Fields , the driver alleged to have been behind the wheel in the fatal death of Heather Heyer in the Charlottesville melee , is probably suffering from some type of mental illness and needs professional care .
“ That 's not normal behavior , ” he said of Fields . “ That 's not militant behavior . That 's not patriotic behavior . That 's sick behavior . ”
The launch of a progamme of quantitative easing by the European Central Bank does seem to have revived business confidence across the Eurozone after a long period of stagnation which saw a sustained fall in bank lending to businesses . Consumers are also now becoming less reluctant to spend , with both retail sales and car registrations up . The weakening Euro is helping Eurozone exporters and with the overall Eurozone annual inflation rate still negative , the increase in the cost of imports ( which is the other side of the coin to currency depreciation ) does not seem to be causing too many problems . Of course , broad-brush macroeconomic data do not reflect conditions on the ground for some struggling individuals – or indeed , in the case of an 18-country bloc , for some struggling member states – but things are definitely looking up on the economic front after a damaging double-dip recession .
Politically , it is a different story . Greece remains a concern , with still no sign of an imminent agreement with its creditors . The country 's Deputy Prime Minister Yannis Dragasakis told one national Greek daily yesterday that the option of holding a referendum or snap elections exists “ in the back of our minds…in the event of an impasse ” in talks with creditors . “ There 's no way we would cross the red lines that we have set , ” he went on to say . EU politicians want to keep Greece in the Eurozone , but not at any cost . In Germany especially , the behaviour of the new Syriza- ; led government , with its talk of claims for war reparations , had not gone down well . Since 2011 , when “ Grexit ” last appeared to be a real possibility , banking reforms have been implemented which , so many across the Eurozone believe , would prevent contagion in the event of Greece going bust and its banks collapsing . It is a small player in the Eurozone . If it were to leave or be forced out , life would go on across the rest of the single currency bloc without anyone losing much sleep .
Fair enough , but an important principle will have been violated . Eurozone membership was meant to be irreversible . Suppose it is n't . At the moment , no one is talking about any other countries reverting to their national currencies and the remaining PIIGS ( Portugal , Italy , Ireland and Spain ) are not in such dire financial straits as Greece , but what if another crisis flared up ? In particular , what if Greece with a new drachma , thrived economically outside the single currency bloc and the weaker countries within struggled ? This would make Pexit , Spexit or whatever a more attractive possibility , thus undermining the whole project .
That may be for the future . However , in the present , a General Election was held in Finland on Sunday 19th which saw the eurosceptic Finns ( formerly True Finns ) become the second largest group in the country 's parliament . It is possible that they may be invited into coalition with the winners , the Centre Party . The Finns oppose any further bailouts to Greece , which could make life interesting given the deteriorating economic situation in Athens . They are also not too keen on immigration , like the Sweden Democrats and the Danish People 's Party . Quite how much influence the party 's 38MPs will be able to influence remains to be seen , but the strong showing of a eurosceptic party , even in a country with serious economic issues , is a reminder that unease at the direction of the EU is n't going to go away any time soon – in this country or elsewhere .
Photo by Matti Mattila
Documents filed at London high court suggest Shell did n't act on advice to fix aged pipeline and underplayed magnitude of two spills in Nigeria in 2008
Internal Shell Nigeria documents show that the company was advised by its own staff in 2002 to immediately replace a 30-year-old pipeline passing through impoverished delta communities because it continually leaked and was a major risk .
But it was not until the key 24-inch trans-Niger pipeline burst twice within a few days in November 2008 , spilling thousands of barrels of oil over nearly 1,000 hectares of mangroves and wrecking the livelihoods of up to 15,000 villagers , that the company admitted publicly that it was at fault .
Other Shell documents , filed with the London high court and obtained by Amnesty International , suggest that the company underplayed the magnitude of the two spills that occurred near Bodo in Ogoniland .
Shell investigation reports done in conjunction with others for the two spills claim that only about 4,000 barrels of oil were spilt in total . However , an independent assessment published by US firm Accufacts Inc calculated that the amount spilt exceeded 100,000 barrels .
Shell admits in the documents that its figure for both spills was wrong , saying : “ The total volume of oil released … exceeded the contemporaneous estimates . ”
This , says Amnesty , throws doubt on the company 's assessment of hundreds of other spills in the delta because all spill investigations are conducted in the same manner .
The admissions in the documents are important because the Shell Petroleum Development Company ( SPDC ) is being sued by 15,000 villagers living near Bodo . The company admits fault for the two 2008 spills but has repeatedly blamed oil thieves for the many others that have occurred along its pipelines and has declined to pay more than £15m compensation .
A preliminary judgment in the case , which is expected to be start in May , suggested that the company could be legally liable for all illegal activity on its pipelines if it is shown that it failed to take reasonable steps to protect its infrastructure .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Niger delta oil spills : the real cost of crude
One document , an internal Shell project report dated February 2002 , said the company should “ initiate an immediate replacement ” of the trans-Niger pipeline .
A second , dated 2001 , says : “ A series of spills have occurred in recent times due in most cases to sabotage and in some cases to technical failure of pipelines resulting in major losses , environmental pollution and serious damage to the company 's image .
“ A [ technical ] study … indicates that the remaining life of most of the SPDC oil trunklines is more or less non-existent or short , while some sections contain major risk and hazards . ”
Another email sent after the two spills in 2008 said the company had failed to maintain its pipelines across Ogoniland . “ We are also corporately exposed the pp lines [ sic ] in Ogoni have not been maintained properly … in over 15 years . ”
“ Amnesty International firmly believes Shell knew the Bodo data were wrong . If it did not it was scandalously negligent – we repeatedly gave them evidence showing they had dramatically underestimated the spills , ” said Audrey Gaughran , director for global issues at Amnesty International .
“ Shell has refused to engage with us and only now that they find themselves in a UK court have they been forced to come clean . These spill investigation reports have cheated whole communities out of proper compensation . ”
A spokesman for the SPDC said the company had alwaysaccepted responsibility for the two “ deeply regrettable ” spills in Bodo . “ We want to compensate fairly and quickly those who have been genuinely affected and to clean up all areas where oil has been spilled from our facilities , ” he said .
“ Following the 2008 spills , as part of a statutory process overseen by the regulator , a team including relevant government agencies , SPDC and representatives of the Bodo community visited the spill sites and completed a joint investigation visit report . They estimated that the total volume of oil spilled was in the region of 4,144 barrels .
“ As part of the litigation process , we asked satellite remote sensing experts , hydrologists and specialists in mangrove ecology to assess how the Bodo waterways and mangroves were impacted and other relevant information addressing the question of the volume of these spills , and the extent of the damage . Having reviewed their findings , we accept that the total volume of oil released as a result of the two operational spills is likely to have exceeded the joint investigation visit estimates .
“ While , naturally , the findings in relation to the Bodo joint investigation visit and the volume of oil from these spills are of concern to us , it 's not the key issue for the purpose of determining the appropriate level of compensation . SPDC is prepared to compensate all members of the Bodo community who have been genuinely affected by the spills , taking account of the entire area which has been impacted . ”
According to Nigerian government figures , there were more than 7,000 spills between 1970 and 2000 , and there are 2,000 official major spillage sites , many going back decades , with thousands of smaller spills still waiting to be cleared up .
The following is a bit of humor with a serious message , while the point may not play exactly to income inequality , it does show in a simplified way how our tax system works ...
Suppose that every day , ten men go out for beer and the bill for all ten
comes to $ 100 and if they paid their bill the way we pay our taxes , it would
go something like this :
...
- The first four men ( the poorest ) would pay nothing .
- The fifth would pay $ 1 .
- The sixth would pay $ 3 .
- The seventh would pay $ 7 .
- The eighth would pay $ 12 .
- The ninth would pay $ 18 .
- The tenth man ( the richest ) would pay $ 59 . )
So , that 's what they decided to do .
The ten men drank in the bar every day and seemed quite happy with the
arrangement , until one day , the owner threw them a curve . `` Since you are all
such good customers , '' he said , `` I 'm going to reduce the cost of your daily
beer by $ 20 . '' So drinks for the ten now cost just $ 80 .
The group still wanted to pay their bill the way we pay our taxes so the
first four men were unaffected . They would still drink for free ... but what
about the other six men - the paying customers ? How could they divide the
$ 20 windfall so that everyone would get his 'fair share ? ' They realized that
$ 20 divided by six is $ 3.33 . But if they subtracted that from everybody 's
share , then the fifth man and the sixth man would each end up being paid to
drink his beer .
So , the bar owner suggested that it would be fair to reduce each man 's bill
by roughly the same amount , and he proceeded to work out the amounts each
should pay . And so :
- The fifth man , like the first four , now paid nothing ( 100 % savings ) .
- The sixth now paid $ 2 instead of $ 3 ( 33 % savings ) .
- The seventh now paid $ 5 instead of $ 7 ( 28 % savings ) .
- The eighth now paid $ 9 instead of $ 12 ( 25 % savings ) .
- The ninth now paid $ 14 instead of $ 18 ( 22 % savings ) .
- The tenth now paid $ 49 instead of $ 59 ( 16 % savings ) .
Each of the six was better off than before ... and the first four continued
to drink for free . But once outside the restaurant , the men began to compare
their savings .
`` I only got a dollar out of the $ 20 , '' declared the sixth man . He pointed to
the tenth man , '' but he got $ 10 ! ''
`` Yeah , that 's right , '' exclaimed the fifth man who was now paying nothing ,
along with the first four . `` I only saved a dollar , too . It 's unfair that he
got ten times more than I ! ''
`` That 's true ! ! '' shouted the seventh man . `` Why should he get $ 10 back when I
got only two ? The wealthy get all the breaks ! ''
`` Wait a minute , '' yelled the first five men in unison . `` We did n't get
anything at all . The system exploits the poor ! ''
The nine men surrounded the tenth and beat him up .
The next night the tenth man did n't show up for drinks , so the nine sat down
and had beers without him . But when it came time to pay the bill , they
discovered something important . They did n't have enough money between all of
them for even half of the bill !
And that , boys and girls , journalists and college professors , is how our tax
system works . The people who pay the highest taxes get the most benefit from
a tax reduction . Tax them too much , attack them for being wealthy , and they
just may not show up anymore . In fact , they might start drinking overseas
where the atmosphere is somewhat friendlier .
For those who understand , no explanation is needed .. For those who do not
understand , no explanation is possible .
— with Pat Rosenheim
Source ( s ) : David R. Kamerschen , Ph.D .
Professor of Economics
University of Georgia M. Ducharm · 7 years ago 0 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Report Abuse
“ Ladies and Gentlemen , We have a situation in # Turkey # Incirlik ” the cry went out on Twitter last Saturday night , as news spread of the Turkish forces surrounding the U.S. airbase in Incirlik .
Thousands of armed police had reportedly surrounded the airbase amid swirling rumors of another coup attempt , according to stories tweeted within two minutes of each other on RT.com and Sputnik , the two biggest Russian state-controlled media organizations publishing in English . The stories were instantly picked up by a popular online aggregator of breaking news and prompted hours-long storm of activity from a small , vocal circle of users .
In English , the tweets soon grouped into certain patterns of similar ( and sometimes identical ) content . The first were panicky expressions of concern about nuclear weapons allegedly stored at Incirlik :
# Incirlik There r 25 underground vaults , each holds up to 4 bombs . The estimated total is 50 B61 thermonuclear bombs—1/4 of B61 stockpile .
Turkey is soon going to acquire some nice nuclear weapons unless Obama pulls his finger out & does something
# Incirlik does anybody else find it ODD that there are a lot of dump trucks . Big enough to carry 90 nuclear warheads
What exactly is going on with the nuclear weapons in Turkey ? And why the hell are they there , of all places ?
The second group compared the situation to Benghazi .
A third group wondered aloud and repeatedly about why the media was n't covering the alleged activity .
Why is USA MSM failing to report on events in Turkey surrounding Incirlik AFB and Erdoğan 's accusation that USA orchestrated the coup ?
Hey MSM , you 've got 10000 Muslims , steps away from a stockpile of thermonuclear weapons .
Nothing on # msm , no # potus , no # dem or # gop speaking out ! Nuclear warheads , up to 90 at stake !
The main reason the media did n't show up was that the story was substantially untrue . As a later statement by the Pentagon clarified , a peaceful protest had taken place involving about 1,000 people—not the 7,000 Turkish police reported by Russian news outlets or the 10,000 cited by Twitter users . Officials at the air base had been warned of the protest in advance . The base was not “ surrounded , ” Turkish security focused on securing the visit of U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Joe Dunford to Incirlik the next day .
The Incirlik disinformation campaign failed but demonstrates the unique way in which Russia can influence foreign audiences . Incirlik stories on RT and Sputnik news were rapidly promulgated by a curious group of English speakers on Twitter .
One of the first English tweets promoting the Incirlik story came from a Twitter user under the name Marcel Sardo—an account previously identified for instigating pro-Russian campaigns . From this initial tweet , a cascade of Twitter accounts rebroadcast RT and Sputnik Incirlik articles adding commentary and hashtags . Accounts initially broadcasting the # Incirlik story from seemingly different locales and online communities quickly merged in the first 90 minutes after release of the RT and Sputnik news story . An increasingly common social media pattern over the past two years as Russia has become more aggressive both on the ground and online as tensions ratchet in a renewed Cold War with the West .
The evolving pattern of retweets reveals a close-knit network and circular information flow where key amplifiers re-broadcast the base # Incirlik story adding commentary and fomenting fears . And here 's the odd part : many members of this network seem to be Trump fans .
Some of the top hashtags attached to tweets broadcasting # Incirlik # Turkey were # nato , # coup , # benghazi , # trumppence16 . Each of these add-on hashtags pointed to recently hot button issues in the U.S. presidential contest . Bios of these English speaking accounts retweeting the # Incirlik story commonly included the words “ god , ” “ country , ” “ family , ” “ conservative , ” “ Christian , ” “ America , ” “ constitution , ” and “ military . ”
Two or three tweets called for prayers for U.S. service members potentially in harms way , suggesting Americans were again being overrun in another Benghazi type scenario . More than 10 percent of English speakers citing # Incirlik contained the word “ Trump ” in their user profile information . From the public view , it 's difficult to determine which of these English accounts are real Americans supporting the Trump campaign or instead manufactured accounts inciting support for the Trump campaign and fomenting dissent amongst the U.S. electorate .
This melding of Russian-friendly accounts and Trumpkins has been going on for some time .
“ I created this list of Russian trolls , ” writer Adrian Chen told the Longform podcast in December 2015 . “ And I check on it once in a while , still . And a lot of them have turned into conservative accounts , like fake conservatives . I do n't know what 's going on , but they 're all tweeting about Donald Trump and stuff . ”
The Incirlik story , despite failing to endure more than a couple hours before losing credibility , provoked a reaction from Turkey and the U.S . Both countries publicly responded to a non-event seeking to maintain public confidence overseas and at home . More importantly , the propaganda effort comes alongside accusations of Russia meddling in the U.S. election on behalf of Trump . Most sources implicate Russia for hacking the Democratic National Committee 's emails and subsequently releasing them on the eve of the DNC convention . Donald Trump 's pro-Russia , anti-Ukraine , anti-NATO policy positions have been repeatedly questioned over the past two weeks . Trump 's top aide lied about the campaign 's changes to the RNC platform limiting support to Ukraine to only defensive weapons .
In a sense , this is the return of an old game . From the 1950s through the Soviet Union 's collapse , the Soviet Union sought to use “ the force of politics rather than the politics of force ” to disrupt and defeat their adversaries from the inside out . As explained by the 1992 U.S. Information Agency report to Congress , “ Active measures seek to use slogans , arguments , disinformation and selected true information to influence the attitudes and actions of foreign publics and governments. ” Soviet propaganda pushed stories regarding the flaws of democracy , collapse of the world economy , environmental catastrophe , and global calamities like nuclear war .
Conduct of Soviet and Russian “ Active Measures ” before the internet proved challenging , particularly in the West . Soviet agents and paid communist supporters would need to reside in the countries they sought to influence , create a print or radio media outlet or gain a job working at an established platform and evade the scrutiny of Western counterintelligence . But these days , it 's as easy as setting up a Twitter account . Russia influence operations in social media represents a far more effective and efficient return to their “ Active Measures ” campaign of the Cold War .
And when combined with the alleged hacks of political actors , the promotion of these Incirlik-style stories through overt Russian media outlets and “ grey ” English speaking propagandists could make for a powerful one-two punch to disrupt the American election . The synchronization of hacking and social media information operations not only has the ability to promote a favored candidate , like Trump , but also has the potential to incite unrest amongst American communities .
Since Incirlik , Trump and Russian media have simultaneously pushed a new theme : the illegitimacy of U.S. elections . The Incirlik disinformation campaign , while a failure , raises the question of Russia 's ability to use social media “ Active Measures ” to destabilize the American public . # Incirlik was n't the first Russian influence effort on social media and it most certainly wo n't be the last . To date , there 's been no public U.S. response to alleged Russian hacking or social media information operations . How much longer can the U.S. wait ?
The government has tightened its monitoring of Lincoln University 's finances because of the problems facing the institution .
Photo : Wiki Commons
The university was struggling to make ends meet even before the 2011 Canterbury quakes dented its enrolments and damaged its buildings .
Now it is reporting monthly to the Tertiary Education Commission ( TEC ) and has agreed to the appointment of an independent financial advisor and to financial support from consultancy firms .
The TEC said in a statement that it and Lincoln agreed in September to appoint a financial advisor at the university .
`` This appointment was designed to provide independent advice on the finances of the university to the TEC , and to support the university to strengthen its financial management and reporting . The TEC is also helping Lincoln by funding specialist financial support from PWC and Deloitte . ''
The commission said the measures had been taken because of the financial challenges facing the university .
Tertiary Education Minister Steven Joyce said the closer monitoring was prompted by two main factors .
`` Their enrolment numbers are not growing as fast as they 'd liked or planned for at this point and so the ministry and TEC are working with Lincoln to look at their models to see if they 're realistic .
`` The second thing is of course they 're about to make some significant decisions over the next year or so in the investment in the Lincoln Hub and the redevelopment of their science facilities and so it 's an appropriate time to make sure that the business plan reflects what 's likely to happen over the next five to ten years because of course they 've got to meet the costs of those assets . ''
Mr Joyce said the government was making sure the scale of the investment Lincoln was planning was appropriate for its likely future enrolments .
Lincoln deputy vice-chancellor Jeremy Baker said tighter monitoring was appropriate given the government was getting close to providing some of the $ 100 million promised for a joint venture between the university , three Crown research institutes and DairyNZ
`` There 's quite a significant amount of Crown investment being made and I think it 's reasonable for the Crown to want to have some good monitoring around that . ''
Mr Baker said the university would make an operating deficit this year - according to annual reports its eighth in as many years - even though the government was funding it for more students than it actually had .
But he said the situation was improving .
`` Our financial situation has n't been fantastic for the last five years . I actually think it is turning around and certainly the overall story for Lincoln is a great one - we had a 9 percent increase in domestic student numbers and a 30 percent increase in international student numbers this year . ''
Mr Baker said the university had reduced spending and cut some jobs , and now it needed to increase its income .
Photo : SUPPLIED
President of the Tertiary Education Union Sandra Grey said its members at Lincoln were nervous about the university 's future .
`` Certainly the staff there have been noticing the increased monitoring of their own institution . They 're really worried about it 's long-term financial viability . ''
Dr Grey said staff worry that the government 's model for funding universities did not work for an institution as small as Lincoln , and it was not viable in the long term .
`` It 's a very specialised university , it 's a very small university , it 's quite difficult to operate in the current funding model , '' she said .
Dr Grey said staff wanted some assurance from the government that Lincoln had a long-term future .
Enlarge By Timothy A. Clary , AFP/Getty Images Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange look at stocks during the final minutes of trading May 6 , 2010 as the Dow lost almost 1,000 points before recovering to a loss of 505 . MAY 6 MARKET PLUNGE MAY 6 MARKET PLUNGE NEW YORK  Retail investors have yanked money out of stock mutual funds for 17 straight weeks . And the still unexplained May 6 `` flash crash '' — when the Dow Jones industrials plunged more than 600 points in minutes before recovering — is increasingly being cited as a key reason the public has been selling . In a speech Tuesday , Mary Schapiro , chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission , said the SEC was informed by retail brokers that the Main Street investors they cater to `` have pulled back '' from the stock market since the flash crash . READ : Schapiro 's speech NO THANKS : Could investors fleeing stocks become a lost generation ? JOBS OUTLOOK : Latest data for all states , 384 metros RECOVERY WATCH : Tracking the economy To buttress her point , Schapiro noted that stock funds have suffered net outflows every week since the flash crash . In contrast , in all 11 weeks leading up to the mayhem of May 6 , net inflows were positive , with retail investors pouring roughly $ 26.6 billion into stock funds , Ned Davis Research says . While there are many other factors to explain why investors have been fleeing stocks since the flash crash — the European debt crisis , nearly double-digit unemployment and recent fears that the economy may slip back into recession — many experts cite the flash crash as the selling catalyst . The danger : `` If the equity market structure breaks down — if it fails to provide the necessary and expected fairness , stability , and efficiency — investors and companies pull back , raising costs and reducing growth , '' Schapiro said . Some investors have raised concerns , Schapiro said , as to `` whether these changes in our market structure could undermine the fair and level playing field essential to investor protection , capital formation and vibrant capital markets generally . '' `` I do n't want to argue that all the selling is due to the 'flash crash , ' `` Ned Davis noted in a recent client report . `` I just think that was the trigger . '' Schapiro also acknowledged there could be many reasons for investors withdrawing from the market . But she said the issue is troubling , especially if investors ' concerns about the market in the wake of the plunge `` are playing even a small role in investor decision-making . '' Since the start of 2008 , investors have been fleeing stock funds in favor of bond funds , which are viewed as safer . Still , there 's no question that seeing the Dow fall so far so fast with so little warning took a big bite out of confidence , says Michael Farr of investment firm Farr Miller & Washington . `` It made the individual investor more certain in their suspicion that the ( stock investing game ) is fixed , '' he says . The fact that regulators have yet to explain why it happened and whether it can happen again , he adds , is an overhang on the market . Still , Farr says it has faded from his clients ' minds : `` I have n't heard a peep about the flash crash in months . '' Bob Cohen at Financial Strategies & Wealth Management says the flash crash is just one cause for the recent flight from stocks . He stresses that double-dip fears , lack of jobs , political infighting in Washington and risks from unstable places abroad are bigger factors in the rising aversion to risk . The flash crash `` is a new risk factor , '' he says . `` But it should not prevent you from investing . '' Contributing : Associated Press Guidelines : You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil . Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent . Use the `` Report Abuse '' button to make a difference . You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil . Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent . Use the `` Report Abuse '' button to make a difference . Read more
After demonetisation of higher value currency notes , there has been an 85-90 % dip in jewellery business according to many jewellers . There is no effect on export .
The domestic business is very low mainly due to a cash crunch , despite the wedding season . The Rs 500 and Rs 1000 note which was made up of 86 % of currency that was in circulation by value was demonetised on Nov 8th and after that has impacted the jewellery business .
All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation ( GJF ) , who is the self-regulatory body of jewellers , said that the losses are at 85 % . Before the demonetization , GJF tells that the total annual business of the industry used to be Rs 480,000 crore ( $ 70 billion ) and now a loss of Rs 30000 crore in near about 1 month , the industry has already seen .
It aims at wiping out corruption from our country , so we welcome the demonetization move . The business is witnessing a slowdown , as there is a lack of cash in the system . The wedding season business is also witnessing a slowdown . Despite being the wedding occasion , jewellers have listed 85 % dip in spite being the wedding occasion , jewellers have listed about 85 % dip in footfalls , ” said the GJF chair G V Sreedhar .
Currently , in the country , Around 450,000 jewellers are present and 60 million people benefit the jewellery business as artisans , die , makers , polishers , transporters , and more .
The daily business used to be Rs 1400 crore before the demonetization and now is less than Rs 200 crore said by the association of jewellers . However the jewellery exports now somehow stable . Last year , the annual gems and jewellery export was recorded to be $ 40 million and the similar figures also recorded this year also . Diamonds are the largest exports . Chairman of Gem and jewellery export Promotion council Praveen Shankar Pandya tells that because we receive payment from overseas , so there is negligible impact on the export business . Due to the liquidity crunch , there are chances that the Small and Medium Scale Enterprises ( SME s ) might have been affected . If payments ( to artisans , workers ) are made online or directly to bank accounts , there should not be a problem .
This year , the gold imports are bound to fall down . 2015 saw India importing gold of value $ 35 billion dollars or Rs 2.38 lakh crore . The visibility of business will come but until money scenario normalises the jewellers will have to deal with failures .
In the jewellery trade , the most affected elements are artisans and labourers . Due to the cash crunch , jewellers can not pay them their daily wages , so they have moved to their hometowns . By Online transfer , they do not accept payment . At this moment , customers are not ready to spend cash on jewellery . Till there is adequate cash in the system , we are anticipating the slowdown to continue , said by Sreedhar , GJV Chairman .
For jewellery business , Mumbai is the largest hub as per GJV which has a business volume about 30 times that of Delhi . After the demonetization , the price of gold has spiked to Rs 52000 per 10 grams from the normal rate of Rs3000/gm . However , the income tax raids created the individuals and jewellers who were selling against old notes close the illegal practice . In long run , the visibility will come in the business but until then the business has to deal with failures .
* WARNING : The following article contains language that may be disturbing . Discretion is advised .
Staff , students and politicians are speaking out against racism and xenophobia after a series of disturbing posters were spotted on the University of Alberta campus .
WATCH : MPs condemn ‘ racist ' posters at University of Alberta
The posters feature a photo of a man with a beard and wearing a turban . The headline reads : “ Fu * k Your Turban. ” Below the photo , the caption reads : “ If you 're so obsessed with your third-world culture , go the fu * k back to where you came from ! ” The hashtags “ Non-Integrative ” and “ Invasion ” are also used . The website ImmigrationWatchCanada.org is included at the bottom of the poster .
The group 's website says it wants Canada to “ drastically reduce immigration ” and believes “ it should never be a social engineering experiment that is conducted on Canada 's mainstream population in order to make it a minority . ”
When reached for comment , a spokesperson for Immigration Watch Canada denied any affiliation with the posters .
“ These are not our posters , ” he said . “ We pride ourselves in bringing arguments to the table on the immigration issue that are supported by irrefutable facts , not vulgar posters . ”
Once the university became aware of the posters , they were taken down .
“ Earlier today , disturbing racist posters were discovered on our campus , ” president and vice-chancellor David H. Turpin said in a statement . “ As soon as they were brought to our attention , the posters were removed . Any new posters found will also be removed immediately . Unfortunately , similar posters have also been found on other Canadian university campuses . We are working with University of Alberta Protective Services to find the parties responsible . The University of Alberta is a space that is open to all people and we take pride in the strength of our diverse community . ”
Photos of the posters were shared on social media , with people calling for education , inclusion and an end to racism , hate and ignorance .
READ MORE : Racial slur captured on video spurs # MakeItAwkward social media campaign
Edmonton 's mayor even weighed in , calling for an end to racism and highlighting the Make It Awkward campaign .
Here 's hoping there 's a camera at Rutherford that got a good look at whomever put that up . That would # MakeItAwkward https : //t.co/GMnzGNRs1o — Don Iveson ( @ doniveson ) September 19 , 2016
“ I noticed the poster on the Rutherford Library door this morning on my way to class , ” a U of A student told Global News . “ I took a photo before tearing it down and called campus security . They asked me where I found it , told me that some other reports had been made , and that they were responding by taking them down . The apparent lack of action being taken by the university lead me to make the Facebook post , linking the photo to an article on racism in academia . This is just one very blatant example of how racism is alive and well in Canadian universities – places we prefer to believe are safe havens from this kind of hatred . ”
The World Sikh Organization ( WSO ) of Canada condemned “ the racist posters … targeting Sikhs at the University of Alberta . ”
The organization said there were approximately a dozen posters with the picture of a turbaned Sikh man put up across campus . It said similar posters appeared at York University in Toronto and in Brampton , Ont . in 2014 .
“ Similar posters appeared two years ago in Ontario and are a pathetic attempt at drawing the spotlight to deplorable views that have been rejected in Canada , ” WSO President Mukhbir Singh said .
“ Despite the claims on this poster , Sikhs are an integral part of the Canadian fabric and we are proud that many turbaned Sikhs serve Canada in the federal cabinet , armed forces and many other capacities . ”
The WSO said it is in contact with the University of Alberta about the latest posters .
“ We have been told that there is an ongoing investigation into the posters and they are being removed wherever they are found , ” Tejinder Singh Sidhu , WSO vice-president for Alberta , said . “ These racist posters do n't reflect the inclusiveness Canada is renown for and we know that the University of Alberta and the larger Edmonton community stand in solidarity with Sikh Canadians in saying that this type of messaging is not welcome . ”
Federal Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan , who is Sikh , posted a Twitter message saying he 's proud to be a Canadian and proud of his turban .
Proud to be Canadian , proud of my service to Canada , proud of my turban . @ UAlberta # ualberta — Harjit Sajjan ( @ HarjitSajjan ) September 20 , 2016
…and we 're proud of the enormous contributions Sikhs make to this country every day . # MakeItAwkward https : //t.co/qjDK4TKe2W — Justin Trudeau ( @ JustinTrudeau ) September 20 , 2016
The university said it does not know who put up the posters , but that it was done without approval .
The consequences of posting such material vary depending on whether the person is a student , staff member or not affiliated with the university in any way .
“ If the individual is a student of the university , they would be subject to the Code of Student Behaviour . Consequences could range from a fine to probation to expulsion , ” a spokesperson explained .
“ If the individual is a faculty or staff member , they are subject to the university 's Discrimination , Harassment and Duty to Accommodate Policy , as well as rules outlined in their collective agreements . Edmonton Police Service will be involved in all of these cases , but if the individual is not affiliated with the university , the matter would be turned over directly to them . ”
* EDITOR 'S NOTE : Before posting a comment , please familiarize yourself with Global News ' terms and conditions of use . Comments that are offensive to the online community , such as content that promotes racism , bigotry , hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual or harassment of others will not be tolerated . Please report any inappropriate comments .
When Canada 's long-gun registry was introduced in 1995 , it was estimated that it would cost $ 119 million . By 2004 , the actual cost was reported to be $ 2 billion — a 1680 % underestimation .
On the September 9 , 2010 episode of TVO 's The Agenda , Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair made his unsurprising pitch for the registry .
You may remember him as the police chief who despicably misled his fellow citizens into believing they were required to produce identification within five metres of the security perimeter set up for the 2010 G20 summit , in violation of their Charter rights , with the justification that he “ was trying to keep the criminals out . ”
In his defence of the registry , he said there were an average of 12,000 checks of the registry per day , and he touted a recent resolution by the Canadian Association of Chiefs of Police , which came out in support of Canada 's system of gun controls .
However , as the other panelists had a chance to speak , the following rebuttals were made , which were never factually challenged by the police chief .
The resolution was in support of Canada 's system of gun controls , not the long-gun registry , specifically .
There has been a handgun registry since 1934 , and despite that , most gun crimes in Toronto are committed using handguns .
Most checks are computer-initiated .
9000 of the 12,000 average daily checks are name checks for licensing , not gun registration .
Registered firearms can be legally stored at someone else 's residence , so police can mistakenly approach a residence where the registry says there are no firearms there .
Police chiefs of other major metropolitan areas in Canada such as Calgary have called for a repeal of the registry , showing how it 's not simply an urban-rural split .
The governments of Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba have called for a repeal of the registry .
Despite all that , the usual suspects who excuse government waste and unjustified intrusion into the lives of the overwhelming majority of citizens who are law abiding , continue to get away with it .
That , however , may end this month , with a scheduled vote on a private member 's bill that would repeal the registration of most long-guns .
A relationship ended abruptly after an Auckland man dished out some vigilante revenge then found out his partner 's claims of being date raped were a lie , a court heard this week .
Regan Scott Derrick , 27 , was sentenced to five months ' community detention and ordered to pay reparation of $ 1000 for two convictions of injuring with intent when he appeared in the Hamilton District Court this week over a violent incident in September last year .
His then girlfriend returned to Auckland after a Saturday night out in Hamilton with some of her friends .
As a result of the night 's festivities , she was vomiting and crying and complained to Derrick about being date raped and having some of her belongings stolen by some men .
But the story was completely fabricated by his ex-partner , who had actually willingly taken drugs with the men and not been date raped as she had claimed .
Upset by the story , Derrick gathered a group of three mates to travel to Hamilton to repossess the items and deal out some vigilante justice .
When the group of Auckland men got to the property where they believed the offending had taken place , they knocked on the door and asked the man who answered whether the girls had been there the previous night .
After getting confirmation , they barged into the house and a violent altercation took place .
When he later found out his girlfriend 's story was untrue he was `` shocked and horrified '' and broke up with the woman , who he said he had previously seen as a potential long-term partner .
Judge Arthur Tompkins gave him credit for seeking counselling after the event and the sentence of community detention would allow the 27-year-old to take over the family business .
Star signing Kieran Foran and veteran forward Tim Mannah will lead the Parramatta Eels in 2016 , with Foran named team captain and Mannah named club captain .
The co-captaincy structure mirrors that recently announced by the Dragons , where Ben Creagh was named club captain and Gareth Widdop to lead the team on the field on game day .
Eels coach Brad Arthur said he was yet to determine a final 17 that would take the field in Round 1 .
`` I think I 'm going to be faced with my most difficult decision in my time as Parramatta coach , '' Arthur told parraeels.com.au .
`` We 're at the time of the year now where the players are getting a bit cranky because they 're having enough of pre-season training and just want to get out there and play , and you 're just excited to see them get out there and start the season . ''
The Eels will play their final trial game of the pre-season against Penrith on February 21 , before starting the NRL season with a home game against Brisbane on Thursday , March 3 .
Read more at parraeels.com.au
Donald Trump became the President Elect of the United States of America on November 8 , 2016 . Since then it seems like the nation has been winning over and over again . You know what ? I 'm STILL not tired of winning .
Stocks rose more than 1 % today and hit record highs for the SECOND time since Trump 's inauguration :
U.S. equities closed sharply higher on Wednesday as the Dow and S & P hit new record highs , while investors awaited a monetary policy announcement from the European Central Bank .
The S & P 500 erased earlier losses to gain around 1.3 percent , with telecoms rallying around 2.4 percent to lead advancers .
“ This 2,219 level [ on the S & P ] was on where a lot of people were expecting to see some resistance , and we went through it like a hot knife through butter , ” said JJ Kinahan , chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade , adding stocks were also boosted by some short covering . “ A lot of people have been saying ‘ this is the end ' and have ended up with very little money in their hands . ”
The Dow Jones industrial average gained nearly 300 points , with Home Depot , IBM and Goldman Sachs contributing the most gains . The Dow Transports , meanwhile , hit their first intraday high since 2014 and closed at an all-time high . Since Nov. 8 , transports have risen more than 12 percent .
“ I think this is more momentum from the Trump rally , ” said Adam Sarhan , CEO at 50 Park Investments . “ You 've got the financials , transports , steel stocks , small and mid-cap stocks all trading higher . The areas that have worked [ since the election ] continue to work . ”
“ While all this is happening , you 've seen virtually no selling . That 's very good for stocks moving forward , ” he said .
The Nasdaq composite rose 1.2 percent despite the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF ( IBB ) shedding around 3 percent . The small caps Russell 2000 and the S & P Mid Cap 400 closed at record highs .
Maris Ogg , president at Tower Bridge Advisors , said “ we might get a correction ” in the near term , “ but there is so much low-hanging fruit that some of these reforms are going to be enacted . Recognizing that some of the problems we 've had have been because of poor policy , they can be easily corrected . ”
So , Cesc has signed for Chelsea and in the process confirmed what we knew last week – that Arsenal and Arsene Wenger decided against exercising the option which gave us first refusal .
On a visceral level it 's pretty disgusting , but for me I think it 's more about where he 's gone rather than us not getting him . Had he signed for Juventus this summer , for example , it would n't really have bothered me as much . I 'd still have taken him back , I think there 's always room for top class players in your squad , but if this was a random player called Sneck Babblepass , I do n't believe the reaction would anywhere near as strong .
Of course , why would it be ? Cesc was an Arsenal player for 8 years before he went to Barcelona and a favourite of many . Some people did n't like the way he ‘ forced ' a move away , but the reality is that 's how a lot of transfers happen . They just do n't register on the scale as much . Arsenal were just as culpable that summer , nobody can tell me the way we handled that piece of business was anything other than half-arsed , but look , it was done and dusted and he was going home .
That he wanted to come back to us is not in dispute either . He would have jumped at the chance to join us again but the manager did n't want him and he was made aware of that some time ago . Chelsea let Lampard go , took their chance and got a world class player for a knock-down fee . Before the World Cup and everything , which is why I think there 's further dissatisfaction . A rival takes a player who many of us have a strong emotional connection to , and they do so with an alacrity and decisiveness that 's too often lacking from our transfer business . It 's easy enough to understand why people are annoyed .
Yet , despite what you or I might have done had we been charged with the decision making , I suppose the right way to analyse this is to try and look at it from the manager 's point of view . Firstly , what are his priorities in the transfer window this summer ? I 'm guessing but I 'd say it 's something like :
1 – Striker
2 – Right back
3 – Back-up goalkeeper
4 – Midfielder
I do n't think the first three can be argued with , the only thing that might cause debate is what kind of midfielder we might be looking at . Do we genuinely need a creative , attacking midfielder ? I suspect the key impediment to bringing Cesc back was the presence of Mesut Ozil . Having paid £42.5m for the German last summer , it would seem odd to bring in another player who plays in exactly the same position and around whom you would , normally , build your team .
I think Ozil will be the fulcrum of this Arsenal side next season from an attacking sense , and I reckon that , more than anything , is what informed his decision about Cesc . The other thing is that in terms of midfielders who can also fill that role , we 're pretty well stocked with Santi Cazorla ( who has just signed a new deal ) , Aaron Ramsey , Jack Wilshere , Tomas Rosicky and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain .
I mentioned the other day about having to give Oxlade-Chamberlain in particular room in the squad to develop . I 'm a firm believer in the cream rising to the top , but if you never give the cream a game it will end up as a badly thought out metaphor and end up nowhere .
If there 's a real need for a midfielder , I believe it 's one further back who can do the job that Arteta does and that the manager sometimes feels like he can use Flamini for . I think the Spaniard is still going to be an important part of the squad , but he 's not getting any younger so a purchase there , allowing the new player to work alongside Arteta in a period of transition almost , seems more like what we need .
Some have suggested we should play Cesc there , but that 's not his game . I 'm sure he could do a job but if you complain about a lack of pace and physicality with Arteta , then he hardly solves those issues . So , while I 'd have loved to see Cesc back with us , and regular readers will know how much I think of him as a footballer , I can understand why the manager made his decision .
That it strengthened a rival is consequence of that , but what 's more important is what we do in the market . Our first job is to make ourselves stronger in the key positions , and we ca n't really worry too much about what others do . That said , in order to make this a decision he does n't regret then the the purchases he makes really have to be ones that drive the team forward and do add the quality and depth we need to challenge over the course of a season . Especially as it 's going to be a stronger , more difficult title race next season .
There 's still plenty of time for us to do that , but understandably people are more anxious than they were to see us flex our transfer muscles . Ultimately though , Cesc is where he is because of Cesc . He made the decisions . He left Arsenal , went to Barcelona , things did n't work out , and by the time he was available again , we 'd moved on . It hurts all right , but that 's just the way it goes . Now he has to be touched by Mourinho 's gouging finger and John Terry . Life takes you down some strange roads , so it does .
Speaking of Barcelona though , they 've hardly covered themselves in glory over this whole thing . Institutionally , between executives and players , they ran an orchestrated campaign for around two years to unsettle Cesc at Arsenal . How often did we hear about his ‘ Barça DNA ' ? He had a Barcelona shirt foisted on him at a celebration for Spain winning the World Cup for goodness sake .
That it was a former Barcelona player , Pepe Reina , cloaked with Mugsmasher neutrality , who did it are no coincidence , I 'm sure , and in the end they got what they wanted . I suspect some of their motivation was to show Arsenal they could do it and take back a player we 'd ‘ pinched ' from them at an early age . The reality was that he was given a chance at Arsenal that he would never have had there , but it still rankled with them , and their smug , graceless manner was evident in every conversation , and every mention of him before and after the deal had been done .
Three years later they do n't care about his DNA and discarded him with a statement so lacking in class and basic manners it 's a wonder why this club is lauded worldwide . We 're all used to clubs wishing former players well as they sell them on , but check this out from the official Barcelona website yesterday . Amidst the usual goodbye waffle , they posted :
But despite glowing starts to each campaign , Cesc 's contributions to the cause gradually decreased as each season drew to a close . From being someone who joined in with the attack , supplying and scoring goals , the magic tended to fade later on in each season . He only scored one , six and one goals in the last 24 games of each season . For some reason , he was never as good in the second half of a season as in the first .
That has since been deleted – and rightly so – but that it was there in the first place is an appalling indictment of how they think and operate . And you know what ? The very first thought I had after reading it was that somehow other all the other Barcelona players had more energy in the second half of seasons for some reason and Cesc did n't . I wonder what that might have been . Maybe we could get Lance Armstrong PI to investigate . Could that also be part of why they 're happy to let him go ?
Anyway , it 's all done and dusted now . There 's nothing much at all can do about it , other than to hope that the manager 's decision is based on an actual , concrete plan and one that is going to put in place over the course of the summer to make us genuinely competitive next season . Because this is a scab that wo n't take much scratching to start bleeding again .
Elsewhere , Bacary Sagna said an emotional goodbye via Instagram . No surprise , obviously , and it wo n't be a surprise to see him line-up for Man City next season . At least we 'll know where Joe Hart 's goal kicks are going to go . Time for Gibbs to practice his heading .
Till tomorrow .
ps – World Cup – that ref … ooff . Never a penalty . Neymar could have had red . Disallowed goal should have stood . It was n't boring , at least !
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Brexit referendum “ destroyed ” David Cameron 's credibility , undermined trust in the UK Government and may have been open to foreign interference , according to a hard-hitting report published today .
The UK Government is taken to task by Westminster 's Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs committee for failing to plan for a vote to leave the European Union yet spending £9.3m on a pro-Remain leaflet .
They state : “ There was no proper planning for a Leave vote so the EU referendum opened up much new controversy and left the Prime Minister 's credibility destroyed . ”
Here are the key points from the report :
1 . The Government should have prepared for a vote for Brexit
( Image : Jack Taylor/Getty Images )
The MPs insist the Government had a “ constitutional and public obligation to prepare for both outcomes from the referendum ” .
They argue that civil servants should “ never have been asked to operate in a climate where contingency planning was formally proscribed by the Government ” .
Today 's report recommends that in future referendums “ civil servants should be tasked with preparing for both possible outcomes ” .
2 . The Prime Minister should take responsibility rather than resigning if a referendum is lost
( Image : Hannah McKay/PA Wire )
David Cameron resigned in the wake of the referendum result but the MPs state : “ The presumption should be that the sitting Prime Minister and his/her administration will continue in office and take responsibility for the referendum result in either eventuality . ”
3 . The £9.3m pro-EU leaflet and the Treasury reports were a mistake
( Image : Stefan Rousseau/PA Wire )
There was intense controversy surrounding a leaflet sent to homes across the UK that made the case for staying in the EU , and Treasury forecasts outlining what could go wrong if the country backed Brexit also attracted criticism .
The MPs write : “ The manner of the presentation of government reports , particularly those from the Treasury , and the decision to spend £9.3m on sending a leaflet , advocating a Remain vote , to all UK households , were inappropriate and counterproductive for the Government . ”
They note that “ polling undertaken by the Electoral Reform Society ( ERS ) indicated that the level of importance voters attached to the Government as a source of information fell from 10 % to 8 % , following the leaflet 's publication ” .
Warning of the danger to reputations , they state : “ During the run-up to the EU referendum , there were many occasions when it appeared to many that civil servants were being drawn into referendum controversy . This damaged the reputations of the Civil and Diplomatic Services for impartiality . ”
4 . The UK Government and the civil service lost public trust
( Image : Dominic Lipinski/PA Wire )
The MPs were alarmed at how the Government used Whitehall resources to make the case for staying in the EU .
They write : “ While it is perfectly legitimate for the Prime Minister and government to take an official position during a referendum campaign , the fairness , and legitimacy , of a referendum rests on a careful and restrained use of the machinery of government . Unfortunately , many of the Government 's actions in the run-up to the referendum appear to have increased public distrust ...
“ [ The ] use of the machinery of government during the referendum contributed to a perception that the civil service were , in some way , biased . That any such perception exists is deeply regrettable and was entirely avoidable .
“ We recommend that the Government heed the lessons from this referendum of the implications of the use of the machinery of government during referendums on public trust and confidence in the institutions of government . ”
5 . The referendum was an attempt to shut down debate
The committee argues this was a “ bluff call ” referendum , stating : “ The UK Government initiated the process which led to the referendum , despite being against the suggested proposal , and with the aim of using a negative result to shut down the debate about the question at issue . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
6 . There may have been ‘ foreign interference '
The MPs criticise the Government for the Register to Vote site crashing .
They say : “ The Government has stated that this was due to an exceptional surge in demand , partly due to confusion as to whether individuals needed to register to vote ... However , the Government clearly failed to undertake the necessary level of testing and precautions required to mitigate against any such surge in applications . ”
Raising the possibility of foul play , they write : “ We do not rule out the possibility that there was foreign interference in the EU referendum caused by a DDOS ( distributed denial of service attack ) using botnets , though we do not believe that any such interference had any material effect on the outcome of the EU referendum . ”
7 . Despite the problems , the referendum was ‘ momentous '
( Image : Rob Browne )
The committee states : “ The result was momentous : the victory for Leave – by a margin of 51.89 % to 48.11 % , representing 17.4 million votes to 16.14 million – was the first State-wide referendum in which the electorate rejected the advice of the Government . ”
A Welsh member of the committee wishes the report had gone further
( Image : Andy Commins )
Newport West Labour MP Paul Flynn said the committee was “ obsessed ” about issues surrounding the impartiality of the civil service and the Government but there were more important aspects .
He said : “ There are profound lessons of enormous importance to learn about the use of referendums . ”
Mr Flynn is concerned that referendums involve “ handing decisions to the propagandists , to the tabloid press and to millionaires ” . He is alarmed by the power of online campaigners to collect detailed information about people which will be used to shape their voting decision .
Audio for the 911 calls made the night that Quintonio LeGrier , 19 , and Bettie Jones , 55 , were fatally shot by a Chicago police officer were released Monday afternoon.The shooting happened the day after Christmas in December 2015 in the West Garfield Park neighborhood.Initially , it was believed that there were only two 911 calls - one from LeGrier , who was home on winter break , and a second from his father . However , now the city 's Independent Police Review Authority has determined that there were four calls -- three of them from Quintonio LeGrier . `` It was very clear that he wanted the police department there to help him . Not once , not twice , but three times . And the system completely failed , '' said Larry Rogers , Jr. , an attorney for Bettie Jones ' family.After hearing the 911 calls , a lawyer for LeGrier 's father , Antonio LeGrier , said the dispatcher 's behavior was disgusting , accusing her of being belittling , rude and disrespectful.The Northern Illinois University student was visiting his father when he called 911 early Sunday morning saying there was some kind of emergency , noting that his son `` freaked out '' and was wielding a bat . When police arrived at the home after the third call from the teenager , it was Quintonio LeGrier himself who ended up shot by police . In their official statement , police said Quintonio LeGrier had been combative.Quintonio LeGrier was shot a few minutes after his last 911 call , along with Jones , a downstairs neighbor . Police have called Jones ' shooting an accident.A city spokesperson says the 911 operator who hung-up on Quintonio LeGrier is facing discipline , but she 's still on the job taking calls while the process plays out.The calls were released by the Independent Police Review Authority , which is investigating the shooting . That 's a dramatic change for an agency that previously released almost no information while its investigations dragged on for years.OEMC takes our role in public safety extremely seriously . We discovered these two calls - and the issues surrounding them , during our own internal review and immediately started an internal disciplinary process - turned them over to the Independent Police Review Authority , and we will continue to partner with them as they investigate this case.The Chicago Office of Emergency Management and Communications receives 5 million 911 calls a year , of which 2.5 million are dispatched . Call takers are required to ask specific questions to determine the nature of the event , determine if such a request warrants and emergency response and dispatch proper resources . Call takers follow specific protocols and may only terminate a call as a last resort.Disciplinary proceedings are underway for the call-taker who handled the call at 4:18 a.m. for not following proper protocol . Per the CBA , the call-taker will remain in service until the discipline process is complete.Q : `` Can you please send the police ? `` Dispatch : `` To where ? `` Q : `` 4710 West Erie Street . `` Dis : `` What 's wrong ? `` Q : `` I have an emergency . `` Dis : `` I need to know what 's wrong . `` Q : `` Someone is ruining my life . `` Dis : `` Who ? Where are they now ? `` Q : `` There in the house . `` Dis : `` What 's your name ? Q : `` Q . `` Dis : `` Where are you going to be Q ? `` Q : `` Are you going to send the police ? '' * He mumbles what sounds like an obscenity after this * Dis : `` Are you at the house ? `` * more obscenities * Dis : `` Hello ? `` 1:21 Q : `` Are you going to send the police or not ? `` Dis : `` Are you going to answer my questions ? `` Q : `` How are you talking to ? `` Dis : `` I 'm talking to you ? If you ca n't answer the questions , how do you expect me to assist you ? Q : `` I already told you I am at the house . `` Dis : `` No you did n't . You told me that person was at the house . `` Dis : `` Any weapons involved ? `` Q : `` Nah . `` Dis '' Where are you going to be ? * more obscenities * 2:30 Q : `` Yeah I need an officer at 4710 West Erie Street . `` Dis : `` 37 what ? `` Q : `` 4710 West Erie Street . `` Dis : `` OK , what 's wrong ? `` Q : `` I just need an officer over here , OK ? `` Dis : `` No , it does n't work like that . What 's your emergency ? `` Q : `` I need to talk to an officer . `` Dis : `` OK what 's wrong . `` Q : `` I need to talk to an officer . `` Dis : `` You can talk to an officer over the phone . I can connect you with one if you would like . `` Q : `` Someone 's ruining my life . `` Dis : `` Is the person there with you now ? `` Q ; `` Yes . `` Dis : `` Are you in an apartment or a house ? `` Q : `` A house . `` Dis : `` And your name ? Q : `` Q . `` Dis : `` What 's your last name ? `` Q : `` Are you going to send an officer ? `` Dis : 'Yeah when you answer the question . `` Q : `` There 's an emergency , can you send an officer ? `` Dis : `` Yes , as soon as you answer the questions . What 's your last name ? `` Q : `` THERE 'S AN EMERGENCY . `` Dis : `` If you ca n't answer the question I am going to hang up . `` Q : `` I NEED THE POLICE . `` Dis : `` Terminate the call . `` 4:40 `` My son has freaked out . I need an officer at 4710 West Erie . 4710 West Erie I need police assistance . `` 5:12 `` He 's got a baseball bat in his hand right now . `` Dis : `` How old is he ? Antonio : `` 19 '' Dis : `` Has he been drinking ? `` Antonio : `` No . `` Dis : `` What 's your name sir ? `` Antonio : `` Antonio LeGrier '' Dis : `` OK. Watch for the police . ''
IN SEPTEMBER a furore erupted among physicists after it emerged that neutrinos—diaphanous particles which pervade the universe but rarely interact with anything—appear to be travelling faster than light . Since neutrinos are thought to have mass , and since Albert Einstein 's special theory of relativity posits that accelerating any non-zero mass to the speed of light requires infinite energy , this implied that Einstein was not quite right . Either that , or the researchers who sent their neutrinos from CERN ( Europe 's , and the world 's , main particle-physics facility , outside Geneva ) 730km through the Earth 's crust , to a huge detector sitting under the mountain of Gran Sasso in Italy 's Apennines , made a mistake .
Now , relativity is looking , if anything , slightly shakier still . The Italian Institute for Nuclear Physics ( INFN ) , which runs the Gran Sasso lab , has just confirmed the earlier result based on a re-examination of the old data . Crucially , it also replicated the finding with an all-new batch of neutrinos . The paper outlining the latest research has been posted on arXiv , an online database , and submitted to the Journal of High Energy Physics .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
By tweaking the CERN neutrino beam , the OPERA collaboration behind the experiment has been able to remove one possible source of error raised by physicists after the initial announcement . The old beam was created by smashing long bunches of protons into a target to produce neutrinos , which would then travel on to Gran Sasso . The problem was that these bunches were serveral orders of magnitude longer than the 60 nanoseconds by which the neutrinos overtook light on their journey . In other words , if a neutrino struck the OPERA detector and was thought to come from the tail of the proton beam , but actually came from its head , it would not be travelling faster than light even though the measurement would suggest that it was .
The new beam consisted of shorter bunches , just three nanoseconds long , ie , 20 times shorter than the apparent discrepancy . The intervals between bunches , meanwhile , were longer , allowing for a more precise measurement of speed . ( Since the new beam was less intense than the original one , that came at the expense of the number of recorded events—just 20 , compared with a whopping 16,000 in the earlier analysis . )
The latest result is consistent with the one presented in September , but both could still be wrong . Precision measurements of this sort are fraught with difficulty and other sources of error may have crept in . For instance , when a neutrino strikes the detector in Gran Sasso , that signal has to travel 8km through a waveguide before a timing measurement can be made . The properties of the waveguide were last measured three years ago . Any changes to those properties—caused by ageing of the plastic of which it is made , say—could lead to an overestimate of the time it took the signal to run the length of it , and thus to an underestimate of neutrinos ' actual time of flight .
The INFN freely admits that many niggles remain and urges physicists to replicate OPERA 's result using different experiments . One , called MINOS and based at Fermilab ( America 's answer to CERN , near Chicago ) is trying to do precisely that . After OPERA published its result in September , MINOS , which had observed a similar , albeit less statistically significant effect in 2007 but dismissed it as probably a mistake , redoubled its efforts .
Meanwhile , Hooman Davoudiasl of Brookhaven National Laboratory and Thomas Rizzo from SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory think that neutrinos ' supraluminal proclivities could be tested in the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) , the world 's biggest particle accelerator , also at CERN . Their suggestion , published in Physical Review D , rests on the idea that if neutrinos can overtake light , they ought to emit easily detectable particles , such as electron/anti-electron pairs , in their wake . These would leave telltale marks in the LHC detectors . Finding that such marks coincide with the production of particles , such as top quarks , which are known to decay into neutrinos , would considerably bolster OPERA 's results .
Not finding anything like it , though , need not repudiate OPERA 's claims . After all , the proposed test relies on a theory of how particles ought to behave if travelling faster than light . If physicists have learned anything recently , it is that neutrinos can not be expected to conform to expectations .
Update : On November 21st it emerged that a rival experiment in Gran Sasso , ICARUS , looked at the same CERN neutrinos as OPERA had and reached the opposite conclusions . Read more .
Correction : An earlier version of this post mistakenly attributed co-authorship of the paper published in Physical Review D to Thomas Rizzo , a chemist from the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne . That should have been Thomas Rizzo , a physicist working at SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory . Apologies to both gentlemen .
Hello ,
It 's been a while since I have posted here again , but I have been working on my CHTM reinforcement learner all along ! I got it to perform pole balancing based on vision data of the pole alone recently , but only for a few seconds at a time . But that is a topic for another post . In this post , I want to discuss the changes and improvements that have occurred in CHTM – land .
For those unfamiliar , CHTM ( continuous hierarchical temporal memory ) is a generalization/simplification of the standard HTM developed by Numenta that uses familiar concepts from deep learning to reproduce the spatial pooling and temporal inference capabilities of standard HTM . The main change is that instead of using binary values for everything , we now use real-valued numbers for everything . This makes it simpler to code , and also provides some extra capabilities that the original did not have .
First let 's lay down the data structures we will be using in pseudocode .
struct Layer { Column [ ] columns ; } ; struct Column { float activation ; float state ; float usage ; Cell [ ] cells ; Connection [ ] feedforwardConnections ; } ; struct Cell { float prediction ; float state ; Connection [ ] lateralConnections ; } ; struct Connection { float weight ; float trace ; int sourceIndex ; } ;
A layer consists of a 2D grid of columns . Each column has feedforward connections to an input source , taking a subsection of the input source ( within a radius of the column ) . Each column also has a number of cells in it , which have lateral connections to other cells in the same layer within a radius .
CHTM , like the original , has two parts to it : Spatial pooling and temporal inference . Let 's start with spatial pooling . I will use the notation _ ( t-1 ) to describe values from a previous timestep .
In spatial pooling , when want to learn sparse distributed representations of the input such that the representations have minimal overlap . To do this , we go through each column ( possibly in parallel ) and calculate the activation value of each column :
void calculateActivations ( Layer l , float [ ] input ) { foreach ( Column col in l.columns ) { float sum = 0 ; foreach ( Connection con in col.feedforwardConnections ) { float difference = con.weight - input [ con.sourceIndex ] ; sum += difference * difference ; } col.activation = -sum ; } }
Essentially what we are doing here is getting the negative distance between the input region and the feedforward connections vector . So the closer the column 's feedforward connections are to the input , the higher its activation value will be , capping out at 0 .
The next step is the inhibition step :
void inhibit ( Layer l , Radius inhibitionRadius , float localActivity , float stateIntensity , float usageDecay ) { foreach ( Column col in l.columns ) { int numHigher = 0 ; foreach ( Column competitor in inhibitionRadius ) { if ( competitor.activation > col.activation ) numHigher++ ; } col.state = sigmoid ( ( localActivity - numHigher ) * stateIntensity ) ; col.usage = ( 1 - usageDecay ) * ( 1 - col.state ) * col.usage + col.state ; } }
Here column states are set such that they are a sparsified version of the activation values . Along with that we update a usage parameter , which is a value that goes to 1 when a column 's state is 1 and decays when it is below 1 . This way we can keep track of which columns are underutilized .
Next comes the learning portion of the spatial pooler :
void learnColumns ( Layer l , float learningRate , float boostThreshold ) { foreach ( Column col in l.columns ) { float learnScalar = learningRate * min ( 1 , max ( 0 , boostThreshold - col.usage ) / boostThreshold ) ; foreach ( Connection con in col.feedforwardConnections ) con.weight += learnScalar * ( input [ con.sourceIndex ] - con.weight ) ; } }
Here we move underutilized columns towards the current input vector . This way we maximize the amount of information the columns can represent .
Next up : The temporal inference component !
Team owner Shigeaki Hattori on Monday confirmed to Motorsport.com and Catchfence.com that the younger Truex will compete full-time in the No . 81 Toyota this season .
Truex , 24 , ran 15 races with the team in 2016 , finishing with one top-five and four top-10 finishes , with the best finish of second in the season-opener at Daytona International Speedway .
A crew chief has not been named for the team as yet , Hattori said . The team is now based in Lakeside Park in Mooresville , N.C. , after relocating last month .
Truex won back-to-back NASCAR K & N Pro Series East championships in 2009 and 2010 with Michael Waltrip Racing .
Outside of his K & N seasons , Truex has never been able to complete a full-time season in any NASCAR national series season .
He has also made 26 starts in the Cup series and 39 in the Xfinity Series .
“ I have n't had a shot yet in my career to run full-time in any of the national series for a championship . I felt like this was my best shot so far , ” Truex told Motorsport.com last season when he began the year hoping his run with Hattori would materialize into a full schedule .
“ I feel like I am going to keep getting shots like this . ”
Amazon has given official series orders to drama Hand Of God , written by Ben Watkins and directed by Marc Forster , and Steven Soderbergh 's coming-of-age comedy Red Oaks . Additionally , the company is keeping Whit Stillman 's comedy The Cosmopolitans in contention with an order of additional scripts . The three were part of a Amazon 's third pilot season , with five pilots made available on August 28 . Feedback from viewers again played a factor in Amazon 's pickup decisions , which the studio started making earlier this week . The remaining two pilots from Season 2 , Hysteria and Really , are not going forward . The second pilot season resulted in six series , Transparent , which just premiered , Mozart In The Jungle , Bosch and The After . Here are details about Hand of God and Red Oaks .
Hand Of God
Created and written by Watkins , and marking the television debut of filmmaker Forster ( World War Z ) , Hand of God stars Golden Globe winner Ron Perlman in his first lead television role since Sons Of Anarchy as the honorable Justice Pernell Harris . The show centers on Harris , a hard-living , law-bending married judge with a high-end call girl on the side , who suffers a mental breakdown and goes on a vigilante quest to find the rapist who tore his family apart . With no real evidence to go on , Pernell begins to rely on “ visions ” and “ messages ” he believes are being sent by God through Pernell 's ventilator-bound son . Hand Of God also stars Dana Delany as the judge 's protective wife Crystal Harris ; Garret Dillahunt as KD , the born-again sociopath whose violent tendencies are exploited by Pernell ; Andre Royo as the slick , smart , gregarious and greedy Mayor Robert “ Bobo ” Boston ; Alona Tal as Pernell 's grieving daughter-in-law Jocelyn Harris ; Julian Morris as the questionable preacher Paul Curtis ; Elizabeth McLaughlin as the preacher 's sultry girlfriend Alicia ; and Emayatzy Corinealdi as Pernell 's call girl and confidante Tessie . Forster , Watkins , Perlman , Brian Wilkins and Jeff King are executive producers , and Jillian Kugler is co-executive producer .
Red Oaks
Directed by Sundance award winner David Gordon Green ( Pineapple Express ) and executive produced by Academy Award winner Soderbergh ( Behind the Candelabra , Traffic ) , Red Oaks stars Craig Roberts ( Submarine ) as David Myers , an assistant tennis pro at the Red Oaks Country Club in suburban New Jersey in 1985 . David is reeling from his father 's heart attack and conflicted about what college major to declare in the fall ; his father Sam Myers is played by Richard Kind ( Luck ) . While there , David meets a colorful cast of misfit co-workers and wealthy club members including an alluring art student named Skye , played by Alexandra Socha , and her corporate raider father Getty played by Paul Reiser ( Mad About You ) and Ennis Esmer as Nash . A coming-of-age comedy set in the “ go-go ” 80s that is equal parts hijinks and heartfelt , Red Oaks is about enjoying a last hurrah before summer comes to an end—and the future begins . Red Oaks also stars Jennifer Grey ( It 's Like , You Know ) as Judy Myers , Oliver Cooper ( Californication ) as Wheeler and Gage Golightly as Karen . Red Oaks is written by Gregory Jacobs ( The Knick ) and Joe Gangemi ( Eliza Graves ) . Soderbergh , Green , Jacobs , and Gangemi are executive producers .
Council President Donald Tusk today ( 20 April ) called an extraordinary EU summit on the refugee crisis in the Mediterranean , to be held on Thursday ( 23 April ) , after a fishing boat capsized overnight off the Libyan coast , killing as many as 700 migrants .
As EURACTIV reported , Tusk consulted with EU leaders over the emergency summit , as EU ministers of foreign affairs and of justice and home affairs gathered today in Luxembourg to discuss the crisis .
> > Read : Tusk considers extraordinary summit over migrant boat disasters
“ The situation in the Med is dramatic . It can not continue like this . We can not accept that hundreds of people die when they try to cross the sea to Europe . This is why I have decided to call an extraordinary summit this Thursday , ” said Tusk in a video message .
He said that the objective of the summit was to discuss at the highest level what the member states and the institutions can immediately do together to alleviate the situation .
“ I do not expect any quick fix solutions to the root causes of migration , because there are none . Had they existed we would have used them long ago . But I do expect that the Commission and the European External Action Service will present options for an immediate action . And I do expect member states to contribute immediately , ” Tusk added .
Some of the topics EU leaders will need to address are how to stop the human traffickers “ that cynically earn money by putting the migrant 's lives at risk ” , how to step up their combined efforts of rescuing people in need , how to better help the member state most affected , and how to step up cooperation with the countries of origin and transit .
Tusk said that the summit would build on the extraordinary meeting of foreign and interior affairs ministers , which is still ongoing . He also said he had called a coordination meeting of the Commission , EU foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini and the Latvian Presidency of the EU , to prepare the meeting .
“ The situation in Med concerns not only the countries in our southern neighbourhood , it concerns all of us , all of Europe , that 's why we need to act and act together now ” , Tusk concluded .
http : //www.euractiv.com/video/tusk-situation-mediterranean- can not -continue-313934
Broad Group What Sky City will look like once completed .
Construction on Sky City officially kicked off last weekend in Changsha , capital of Hunan province . Broad Group , which is building Sky City , is shooting for an April 2014 completion . By May or June , the 30,000 people it plans to accommodate ( pdf ) can start moving in . That also means that in the time it takes to gestate a human baby , Broad will finish a structure that hits 2,750 ft ( 838 meters ) —ten meters higher than Dubai 's Burj Khalifa , the world 's current tallest building .
Broad seems confident it can pull this off . “ We are the pioneers , the pioneers of men , ” sings a chorus in hardhats on Broad 's website . “ We are the geniuses , the geniuses of technology . ”
Not everyone is so sure . It 's not clear that Broad Group can afford its $ 1.47 billion price tag , say Chinese critics , and constructing in such haste compromises safety . On top of that , there 's no actual need for Sky City .
Zhang Yue 's prefab revolution
Zhang Yue , head of Broad Group and the brain behind Sky City , has made headlines for turning his mastery of factory production ( he made a fortune in air conditioning manufacturing ) toward feats of construction . Broad prefabricates each story offsite so that it can be transported for turnkey assembly in the last three or so months of the project . That means not just structure , but heating and plumbing , will be pre-made in a factory . While modular construction is n't uncommon elsewhere in the world , no one has ever tried to build something on this scale .
`` Sky City : Why ? '' Broad Group Each truck can carry 120 sqm of module pieces .
Will $ 1.47 billion be enough ?
What 's less well known is who 's going to pay Sky City 's $ 1.47 billion price tag . Though Broad Group boasts “ mid-range costs “ ( link in Chinese ) , that 's just slightly less than Dubai 's Burj Khalifa , which cost $ 1.5 billion ( some estimate that the Dubai building cost billions more in total investment ) .
Chinese media report that Broad 's 2011 revenue was only $ 650 million . The investment is to be handled by Sky City Investment Corp , which has just $ 33 million yuan in registered capital ( link in Chinese ) . Costs so far include the $ 64 million Broad paid for the property last November , and its $ 860 million contract with China Construction Fifth Engineering Bureau for infrastructure .
The city government , once skeptical of the project , is now gung ho , reports China Radio News , though provincial officials may be missing paperwork , reports Xinhua . While funding arrangements , if any , are n't clear , an anonymous industry source told Hexun News that it 's likely that the local government is lending financial support ( links in Chinese ) .
It 's also unclear how costly it will be to maintain the erected structure . ” It wo n't be hard to build the skyscraper , but it will be difficult to operate it , ” said Ren Zhiqiang , one of China 's leading real estate developers . Maintenance costs for residential homes can be steep ; managing high-rise apartments typically cost three times as much as regular buildings , according to estimates cited by 21cn.com . And that 's not even taking into account the wear and tear on common spaces .
Sky City 's cash flow challenge
That strongly suggests that it 's going to need cash flow . But from where ?
Burj Khalifa offers little guidance as it 's mainly office buildings and hotel rooms ; Sky City will be 83 % residential . Plus , an investment syndicate backed the project , and around 90 % of salable space was sold early on .
REUTERS/Mosab Omar Dubai 's Burj Khalifa
Does anyone really need Sky City ?
Places like Seoul or Hong Kong—cities with scarce space—might have use for Broad 's vertical utopia . But Changsha hardly exemplifies crippling urban density . And its 7-million population would n't be enough to fill Sky City ( link in Chinese ) , remarked Beijing Institute of Architectural Design head Wu Chen recently .
That 's particularly true since it 's out in the boonies . Sky City will be 9.3 miles ( 15km ) outside Changsha 's outer ring road , pretty much smack dab in the middle of what used to be farmland .
And yet the structure will be a microcosm of urban life . In addition to apartments , Sky City will have office and hotel space , as well as schools , shops , recreational facilities , hospitals , gardens and community spaces . Although Sky City plans to pack in the amenities , many prospective residents will still have to commute to work . The building 's businesses will also need huge shipments of goods to feed , clothe and entertain the Sky City 's patrons and residents , which could lead to traffic jams .
Broad Group ​It 'll need some bigger roads .
The design of the apartments also sounds pretty unappealing . Pre-made construction of individual stories means units will have low ceilings and bulky walls , blocking natural light . This basically means Sky City will resemble “ a giant stack of trailer homes , ” as we put it before .
In that , Broad appears to be disregarding human scale and walling people off from their surroundings , both common features of Chinese urban planning . As one Changsha resident told 51dc.com , “ If they finish it , I 'd stay in the hotel , but living in a building that massive would be a little terrifying ” ( link in Chinese ) . Not all potential residents see it that way . “ If the price is low enough , I 'd consider trying it , ” another Changsha resident said . “ Eating , living , shopping all in one building—that could be really convenient . ”
AP/Peng hongwei Broad Group 's T30 hotel might not be much to look at . But , hey , it was built in just 15 days .
Tricky timing
With housing sales slowing , Changsha 's uptick in land sales will boost housing supply by early 2014 . Broad Group 's dearth of experience in residential real estate ( link in Chinese ) and its ultra-speedy nine-month deadline both pressure to sell quickly—and if its lack of apparent investors continues , possibly at a loss .
Is it safe ?
Those are good reasons for Broad Group to build on the cheap . But many are worried that will compromise safety . “ There 's no precedent for this type of construction , ” Yin Zhi , director of Tsinghua University 's School of Urban Planning and Design , told China National Radio ( links in Chinese ) .
“ This leaves only two possibilities : either this technology will stun the world with its brilliance , ” Yin said . “ Or it 's a sham . ”
AP/Peng Hongwei , Zhang Wei BSB 's buildings are bolted together from pre-fabricated units built in factories like this one .
Broad Group 's lack of experience in erecting buildings of Sky City 's height is troubling . Sky City is more than six times taller than the tallest building Broad Group has ever made ( a 30-story hotel in the Hunan city of Yueyang which it built in 15 days ) .
Materials are also an issue . The Burj Khalifa was made of aluminum , silicone and glass , as well as a foundation of concrete and steel . In order to be constructed pre-fab , Broad Group uses mainly steel .
And though prefabricating makes the building lighter in theory , that 's still incredibly heavy . Tsinghua 's Yin said that , from a structural standpoint , after 100 meters , building specifications have to change . Broad Group may know that—or it may not . ” Broad regards these as internal patents , so it has never released the technological details , ” Yin told CNR . “ So you ca n't really judge [ whether it 's safe ] . ”
The company dismissed concerns about weight . “ Anyone who has seen the schematics knows safety is n't an issue , ” said Zhang Yue . “ This is a pyramid structure , and will be built using methods no different from the normal approach . ”
Broad Group Zhang Yue 's “ pyramid ” approach .
Then there 's the speed issue . The Burj Khalifa took around six years to complete ; Sky City will be done in nine months .
It 's not clear what the rush is , but its tight deadline could leave insufficient time for testing the structure . Lu Meng , the chief architect for Concord Century Holdings , told CNR that after every 12 to 13 stories , the layout of the heating and plumbing systems have to be switched around , and the foundation has to be reinforced ( link in Chinese ) . “ These things take time , and are n't a matter of man triumphing over nature , ” he says . “ I think two years are more reasonable . ”
Sky City bodes ill for the economy
Of course , Sky City could be a triumph , paving the way for fast , cheap , clean construction that will help China urbanize . But as is often noted , economist Andrew Lawrence years ago identified construction of the world 's tallest buildings as a turning point for an economy 's collapse .
Despite the country being riddled with ghost cities and empty shopping malls , dozens of skycrapers are being erected , fueled by vanity or politics or cheap capital . Currently , three 600-meter-plus projects are underway , while seven are in the planning stages .
Motiancity.com Sky City on the far right , with Dubai 's Burj Khalifa next to it.​ ( Chinese skyscrapers in red ; Taiwan 's in green ; Dubai 's and the US 's in blue . )
Changsha 's Sky City is an example of the latest wave of building in China 's smaller cities , where local officials see big landmarks as ways to raise their cities ' profiles . Recent examples include the proposed 700-meter-plus Suzhou project , or a 400-meter skyscraper in Yinchuan , the sleepy capital of northwest China 's Ningxia , which Broad happens to be building .
Sky City will still be the tallest of these . Whether a symbol of China 's ambition or its excess , the building has a shot at becoming a monument to its moment in history . That 's not lost on Broad Group 's CEO , who in a recent interview invoked the Great Wall , the mammoth stone bulwark built by the Qin Emperor in BC 220 to protect against northern hordes . ” Compared with the Great Wall , ” said Zhang ( link in Chinese ) , “ there is no essential difference . ”
Mars Chocolate North America announced a voluntary recall of Dove Chocolate Assortment Snowflakes on Friday , citing undeclared peanuts , wheat and egg ingredient that may be dangerous for those who have allergies .
The seasonal item was sold at retail food stores starting September 19,2015 through December 1,2015 to the following locations : AZ , GA , MA , MS , OH , VA , CA , IA , MD , NH , OK , VT , CO , IL , ME , NJ , OR , WA , CT , IN , MI , NM , PA , WI , DE , KS , MN , NV , RI , WY , FL , KY , MO , NY and TX .
Approximately 6,700 cases of the item may contain Snickers Milky Way and Twix pieces that contain peanut , wheat and/or eggs , but these ingredients were not listed on the outer package ingredient label .
The item was sold at one major retailer , which the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) has not named and carries the following identifying information :
Item # 10139802 - UPC # 400050521
LOT CODE : 537CG4PA30 , 537DG4PA30 , 538AG4PA30 , 538AM4PA30 , 541AG4PA20 , 542EM4PA20
Revelations from European leaders on Monday that the National Security Agency bugged European Union offices in Washington and hacked into its computer network bring to light hypocrisy on the part of the U.S. government .
In 2011 , the Pentagon released its first formal cyber strategy , which called computer hacking from other nations an `` act of war , '' according to the Wall Street Journal . In late June of this year , WSJ reported that Edward Snowden , the NSA whistleblower , released information alleging the U.S. government was hacking Chinese targets `` that include the nation 's mobile-phone companies and one of the country 's most prestigious universities . ''
Now that EU offices have been hacked by the U.S. government as well , one must wonder if that was an `` act of war '' on the part of the United States .
Pentagon officials emphasized in 2011 , however , that not every cyberattack would be considered an act of war unless it threatened American lives , commerce or infrastructure . There would also have to be indisputable evidence that the suspected nation state was involved .
U.S. hacking of China and the EU may not have caused such harm to those countries , but that has n't stopped EU officials from expressing outrage . `` I am deeply worried and shocked about the allegations of U.S. authorities spying on EU offices , '' Martin Schulz , president of the European Parliament said . `` If the allegations prove to be true , it would be an extremely serious matter which will have a severe impact on EU-U.S . relations . ''
Jean Asselborn , Luxembourg 's foreign minister , also chimed in , calling the practice `` abominable . ''
A spokesman for German Chancellor Angela Merkel said that `` bugging friends is unacceptable . ''
French President Francois Hollande condemned the practice as well , saying , `` We can not accept this type of behavior between partners and allies . '' Hollande later said that the hacking was not necessary for anti-terrorism efforts . `` We know that there are systems which have to control notably for the threat against terrorism , but I do not think that this is in our embassies or in the EU that this risks exist , '' he said .
President Obama , however , does n't seem to think he 's done anything wrong .
Apparently , you might be a terrorist if you work for the EU .
h/t @ mikko
bart hess at the 'dutch invertuals ' exhibition
‘ grow on you ' by lucy and bart
work of dutch artist bart hess will be shown as a part of the ‘ dutch invertuals ‘ exhibition during the milan design week 09. in the exhibition , a group of independent creatives from eindhoven , united by their common vision in design , present their latest work . the programme has been made possible in collaboration with the italian label verger . the former design academy eindhoven students explore familiar materials and show them out of their usual context .
location : via varese 1 , moscova subway station .
here is some of his previous work in collaboration with lucy mcrae .
http : //www.lucyandbart.com http : //www.lucyandbart.blogspot.com
‘ grow on you ' by lucy and bart
‘ neandathol ' by lucy and bart
‘ dripping color ' by lucy and bart
‘ germination day one ' by lucy and bart
‘ germination day eight ' by lucy and bart
‘ exploded view ' by lucy and bart
‘ exploded view ' by lucy and bart
bart hess is exploring several fields that straddle textile , fashion and animation , these fall within the commercial and art world .
By the time Labour party conference begins on Sunday in Liverpool , the party will have announced its new leader . And it is likely to be its old leader , Jeremy Corbyn . For those who have nailed their colours to Owen Smith 's mast , it is quickly becoming clear that Corbyn is about to consolidate power . As a result , there will need to be a mass rethinking of the anti-Corbyn strategy .
Most analysis of Theresa May 's decision to fight for grammar schools has focused on the internal politics of the Conservative party , but the debate has also inadvertently played into Jeremy Corbyn 's hands . Finally , after more than a year in the job , Corbyn has a domestic policy that he actually cares about . Until now , he has struggled to get fired up about issues that do n't involve the Middle East , the Falklands or Northern Ireland . Selective education undoubtedly gets his engine going ; indeed , he separated from his wife Claudia Bracchita over the matter . She said that her decision to send their son to a grammar school ‘ played an important role in bringing about a regrettable marital break-up . '
In his first PMQs debating this issue , Corbyn gave his best performance yet , even earning plaudits from The Spectator . Labour MPs , including some from the 80 per cent who are currently in open rebellion against him , applauded his performance . Lucy Powell called it an ‘ easy win ' . Mary Creagh saw May ‘ floundering ' . Lillian Greenwood said Corbyn was ‘ right to press May hard ' on the issue , and Wes Streeting observed that the Prime Minister was ‘ on the ropes…against six evidence-led questions ' .
This is as close to a show of parliamentary approval as Corbyn has received during his tenure as Leader of the Opposition . And it 's no coincidence that it should arrive this week . On Wednesday , polls close for the Labour leadership , so the drive behind Owen Smith 's campaign will dry up . While polling on elections and referendums has been shaky of late , which perhaps explains why Smith 's team are still refusing to concede that the race is anything less than neck-and-neck , it is worth remembering that in the 2015 leadership race there was little doubt that Corbyn would triumph . Now , ahead of Saturday 's announcement , there is equally scant uncertainty .
Indeed , fourteen Labour MPs who quit Corbyn 's frontbench in June have already told the BBC that they are open to a return to the Shadow Cabinet , should Corbyn reclaim the leadership . In a Panorama documentary due to air on Monday evening , Unite General Secretary Len McCluskey supports the prospect of deselection for MPs who quit Corbyn 's cabinet , telling John Piennar ‘ they should be held to account ' . It is hardly a surprise then that , with tail firmly between legs , former shadow sports minister Clive Efford has told the Today programme that he had spoken to party members who felt ‘ that we never really respected the vote that was given by party members ' and that ‘ they want to see the party back as an effective opposition , so if there 's a role for me in that , I would consider it ' .
It now looks likely that a thawing of relations will soon begin between Corbyn 's team and some of the rebel MPs . If Corbyn increases his mandate among Labour members , which he looks set to do , there must be a concerted effort to stabilise the party . The boundary review means that a number of prominent Labour MPs will now face difficult defences of their constituencies in 2020 , while others have unwittingly been pulled into safe seats . The energy required to organise an opposition has already been expended . The grammar schools debate , which will rage on for some time , has given Corbyn a signature policy around which to rally support ; and it has also given the Labour rebels a means of backtracking on their previous animosity .
Now that the # SavingLabour campaign has run its course and the rebels will , at the very least , have to wait until next summer for another coup , a tactical rethink is in the offing . By next year , 2020 will not be looking quite so far away , and there are few viable leadership candidates who would , at that point , be willing to take on the task of leading the Labour party into a potentially disastrous election . We can already see the roots of the uneasy alliance that is forming within Labour , and which will likely carry Corbyn through to the election .
A group of Limerick-based scientists has discovered how to generate electricity from human tears , saliva , and milk .
It is hoped the discovery by the University of Limerick ( UL ) research team may ultimately provide an alternative method of controlling the release of drugs into the body . Conventional biomedical devices feature energy harvesters containing toxic elements such as lead .
The research team , based at the Bernal Institute , UL , discovered how to produce electricity by applying pressure to a protein , called lysozyme , found in the egg whites of birds , as well as in the tears , saliva and milk of mammals .
The findings were published Monday in the journal Applied Physics Letters .
Piezoelectricity is a property of materials like quartz that can convert mechanical energy into electricity and vice versa . It is already used to create vibration in mobile phones and ultrasound imaging . The capacity to generate electricity from this particular protein has not thusfar been explored .
Because it is a biological material it is non-toxic and could have innovative applications involving medical implants , said Tipperary scientist and lead author of the research findings , Aimee Stapleton .
“ Crystals of lysozyme are easy to make from natural sources , ” she added .
Prof Tewfik Soulimane , report co-author , said although the protein 's structure has been known about since 1965 , “ we are the first to use these crystals to show the evidence of piezoelectricity ” .
Wide-reaching applications
The discovery may have wide-reaching applications and could lead to further research in the area of energy-harvesting and flexible electronics for biomedical devices .
Future applications of the discovery may include controlling the release of drugs in the body by using lysozyme as a physiologically mediated pump that scavenges energy from its surroundings .
Prof Luuk van der Wielen , director of the Bernal Institute and Bernal professor of biosystems engineering and design , expressed his delight at the breakthrough .
“ The Bernal Institute has the ambition to impact the world on the basis of top science in an increasingly international context . The impact of this discovery in the field of biological piezoelectricity will be huge and Bernal scientists are leading from the front the progress in this field , ” he added .
Story highlights Errol Louis : Bernie Sanders correctly pointed out Hillary Clinton 's ties to Wall Street , with which she has a complicated romance
He says one author says banks , financial industry back her because they see her as one of their own who will protect their interests
Errol Louis is the host of `` Inside City Hall , '' a nightly political show on NY1 , a New York all-news channel . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author .
( CNN ) If Hillary Clinton wants to shut down the populist surge of Sen. Bernie Sanders once and for all , she 'll need to do a better job of explaining , and perhaps untangling , her complicated romance with Wall Street .
Errol Louis
This includes not only the massive donations her campaign and the Clinton Foundation have received from gigantic financial firms , but the private speeches she has delivered to banking executives for eye-popping sums in excess of $ 250,000 per talk .
In a country where 42 % of all employees are working for $ 15 an hour or less and a majority of voters want a higher minimum wage , Democrats seen as too close to Wall Street risk a backlash at the polls . The populist unease was on display during the most recent presidential debate , when Sanders , a socialist firebrand , accused Clinton of fostering , and benefiting from , a cozy relationship with big-money interests .
`` Let 's not be naive about it . Why , over her political career , has Wall Street been a major — the major — campaign contributor to Hillary Clinton ? '' Sanders asked rhetorically . `` You know , maybe they 're dumb and they do n't know what they 're going to get , but I do n't think so . ''
JUST WATCHED The CBS News Democratic debate in 2 minutes Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The CBS News Democratic debate in 2 minutes 02:03
Irritated by the accusation , Clinton jumped in , complaining that Sanders `` has basically used his answer to impugn my integrity , '' then pivoted to a novel defense of her actions -- namely , casting her catering to Wall Street interests as an act of patriotism in the wake of the destruction of the World Trade Center .
Read More
Did you know that you have less than 1.5 seconds to convince a reader to stay on your blog ?
Internet traffic is notoriously impatient , and it is getting worse . This means that what you put above the fold is more important than ever .
In fact , it can be the difference between the success and failure of your blog , website or squeeze page .
In this article I am going to show you a few things I am testing in regards to how you can take advantage of impatient traffic by manipulating where stuff appears on your blog .
What does “ above the fold ” mean ?
Above the fold refers to the area of the screen that you see before you scroll down . So , everything you see on your screen when you load a new website is the area above the fold .
Now , the important thing to note here is that the area above the fold is different depending on the screen size of your readers .
This issue is complicated further by the fact that smartphones and tablets now make up a growing proportion of blog readers .
Blog Tyrant 's readers use a huge variety of different screen sizes
The image above is a screenshot ( with some clipping to make it fit ) from my Google Analytics account that shows the screen resolution of my readers over the last few weeks .
You can find this by going VISITORS > BROWSER CAPABILITIES > SCREEN RESOLUTIONS . As you can see , there is no outright winner . Sure , 1280×800 has the highest percentage but it is by no means a majority .
There also seems to be about 5 % mobile phones in there .
I 'll talk more about this issue as we go on into the other areas of the article .
Why optimize ? Why are readers so impatient ?
The modern web user is massively impulsive , impatient and unforgiving . As I said in the opening paragraph , these phenomena is getting worse .
Why is that ? Why are people so impatient and what does this mean for our blogs ?
Well for starters , people are getting better and better at using the net . When I was in high school we did n't have Google , we just had Alta Vista . Kids these days grow up with Twitter and Facebook and Smart Phones and as such they are much better at speeding around looking for information .
The second reason is because people are addicted to information . We need new updates all the time . We need quality entertainment and constant news updates on whatever it is we are interested in . This information overload has caused us to become finely tuned ( read : impatient ) information gatherers . If something does n't look good right away we close the window . Sometimes we do n't even open it .
We need to actively present your content in a way that gets people 's attention and engages them so that they do n't just click off right away .
How to take advantage of impatient traffic
What I want to do now is give you some concrete ways that you can use the area above the fold to make sure that you are n't losing impatient readers .
1 . Put your main call to action up high already
What is the goal of your blog ? What are you trying to achieve ? That focused and well designed call to action needs to be in a high position on your blog . I have said it many times before . Make sure that email subscription form is the highest thing in your sidebar . Do n't put your categories or your archives up the top . Do n't put someone else 's affiliate program . Put your own stuff there .
It always surprises me as to how afraid of people are to promote their own products and eBooks . It does n't make any sense at all . Why are you nervous about promoting something that you worked hard on ? Why do you want to sabotage something that you know will bring you success ? If it is because you do n't want to appear “ spammy ” or too aggressive then I highly recommend you get over it . No one thinks Mercedes-Benz is spamming when they make ads of their incredible new machines . The same goes for your quality product .
2 . Get rid of all ads
Yep , I 'm putting it out there ; saying something that not many bloggers are brave enough to . It is time you got rid of your space-sucking adverts that make you next to no money and take up valuable real estate . Unless you have sold space to a premium advertiser I really think there are better things you can do with that ad position .
Here 's my logic . The top part of your blog or website is so valuable because you have a finite amount of space with which you can capture a new visitor . But as it stands you are selling that space to Google Adsense or some other affiliate for chump change . Would n't it be better to use whatever room you have to convert those people to long term readers ? Would n't it be smarter to give someone a chance to become addicted to your content before you sell them out for a few dollars ?
3 . Keep your main content layout smaller than 1024 pixels
Basic web design standards tell us that all of your main content should be no larger than 1024 pixels wide . Why ? Because if you go wider than that you run the risk of isolating people with smaller screens .
Let me give you an example . Let 's say you get your blog redesigned and the main sidebar falls outside the 1024 pixel safe area . In that sidebar is your email subscription offer . What you now have is a situation where about 15 % of the population might miss your sign up form . It is a mistake that is totally avoidable .
If you ever get your blog redesigned make sure you specify that the main content area must be no larger than that 1024 zone . It will be another few years before everyone is running a big screen .
4 . Keep your branding carefully consistent
Do you know what branding is ? I mean really know ? Its not a logo . Its not a name . It is much more than that . And you need to make sure that branding is used carefully .
Now , when talking about above the fold optimization you need to think of branding in terms of your whole vibe . What I mean by this is that everything you do reflects upon your branding . Its your colors , your fonts , your language . Its the tone you use in your copy , the way your ads are structured and how you relate to people . And because so many of us link our blog intimately with our persona it means we have to be very careful about creating that brand .
If you muck it up you run the risk of creating an untrustworthy site or confusing your reader . For example , if you create an eBook cover that looks nothing like your site 's colors or logo you might find that your readers think it is an advert for someone else . You need to make sure the branding above the fold it super tight .
5 . Give yourself another layer
This point is going to be somewhat controversial because I know a lot of people have strong opinions about pop up windows . But , in all honesty , it is one of the most powerful ways to increase conversions on your website or blog because you are giving yourself a whole new layer with which you can encourage people to sign up .
The interesting part ? I have never once had any complaints about my pop up .
If you missed it you can see it again by deleting your browser 's cache and then visiting Blog Tyrant again . It is a carefully designed advert that promoted my free eBook as a way to get people to sign up to the blog . And it has about a 6 % to 8 % conversion rate . It brings me hundreds of subscribers every month .
6 . Make your header smaller
Blog Tyra n't header is actually too big and something I need to sort out . Take a look at the world 's biggest blogs and websites and you will find that the logo does n't take up very much room . It might only be 100 pixels high . That 's all you need .
The reason for this is simple : if your logo and header is too big you take away room above the fold that could be showing off your content . Your logo might get people slightly aroused , but it is your amazing content that is going to really turn them on .
Do n't take up too much room with your headers . I know some of you are . I 've been watching .
What 's the special announcement , jerk ?
Now I know a lot of you have been having trouble setting up , customizing and tweaking your WordPress themes – especially in the area above the fold . For this reason I have decided to do something to help you out .
In a few days I will be launching the brand new Tyrant Themes website – a site devoted to bringing you free themes that are professionally designed ( by me ) to help you build a successful blog .
There are a lot of WordPress themes out there . Probably tens of thousands . A lot of them are rubbish . A lot of the free themes come with a bonus set of adult links embedded in your code somewhere . And some of the designs do your business more harm than good .
Enter Tyrant Themes .
These themes are designed to support your goals . I do n't make them to just look nice , I make them to convert readers and show off your content . The first theme is called Email Assault and is all about helping you capture as many email subscribers as possible . If I can help you do that , I am certain I can help you work from home in a few years . Here is a preview .
Click for a bit more of a preview
For a long time I have wondered why more themes are n't designed to include an email capturing area . Well this one does ; right in the hottest spot on the website . You will be able to enter in your Aweber code and eBook cover using a simple form and away you go .
If you want to get this theme for free when it is released you need to be on the mailing list for Tyrant Themes . This will also allow me to notify you of any new themes that will be released over the coming weeks and months .
What are we talking about today ?
What I really want to do is open up the comments to all of your “ above the fold ” and WordPress theme problems and questions . Is your current WordPress theme working for you ? How could it be improved ? Do you have any ideas for a good WordPress theme ? Have you made any changes above the fold on your blog and seen any significant changes ? Please leave a comment and let me know . I think we could learn a lot from this one .
There have been many famous numbers over Arsenal 's existence , but few have been as full of legends and stars as our number eleven . From Carlos Vela to Andre Santos , this might just be the greatest number of our history .
As promised last time out , I 'm going to make a list of our greatest number 11s of all time in honor of my eleventh post . Join me in this blast to the past , if you will . Except I wo n't be blasting you there , it 's going to be a lot more gentle than that . Strolling to the past , maybe . Frolicking . Something like that .
Cliff Bastin
Height : 5 ' 8 ''
Position : Winger
Appearances : 396
Goals : 178
Years at Arsenal : 1929-1946
Without doubt one of the most cool and clinical finishers of our history . Held the scoring record until 1997 , when Ian Wright very rudely broke it . Considering he played on the wing , that 's a very impressive feat , although he was our regular penalty taker thanks to his extreme composure in the box . His career was unfortunately halted by a combination of a bad injury and the Second World War . After football , he returned to his hometown of Exeter and ran a pub . Those were the days .
Charlie George
Height : 5'11 ''
Position : Striker/Attacking Midfielder
Appearances : 179
Goals : 49
Years at Arsenal : 1968-1975
Had a fantastic hairstyle that I personally think Giroud would look great with . As far as his football goes , you could say that he was brilliant . Not many would argue . As any human with a fully functioning brain would , he supported Arsenal as a boy . Will be eternally remembered for his role in the historic 2-1 victory over Liverpool in the 1971 FA Cup Final , scoring the goal deep in extra time that gave us the win and the Double . What a goal it was , too . Fun fact : he made short shorts look cool .
Anders Limpar
Height : 5 ' 9 ''
Position : Winger
Appearances : 116
Goals : 20
Years at Arsenal : 1990-1994
Lightning quick , ambidextrous , clinical , and creative . Essentially the perfect winger , and one ca n't help but feel like he 'd have been more effective and appreciated if he were managed by Wenger rather than Graham . Instead , he was forced out of the club by the gaffer he likened to Saddam Hussein , because everyone knows torturing and killing thousands of your own people is just as bad as being a really harsh football manager . He 's now the CEO of Best Bet Today .
Marc Overmars
Height : 5 ' 9 ''
Position : Winger
Appearances : 142
Goals : 41
Years at Arsenal : 1997-2000
Another incredibly quick player , and actually a lot like Limpar . He had a brilliant debut season , but never quite managed to reach those heights again as injuries began to take their toll . Ended up being sold to Barcelona for way too much money , and did n't really meet their expectations . However , this move did mean he was able to join the club of failed transfers from Arsenal to Barcelona .
Nicolas Anelka
Height : 6 ' 1 ''
Position : Striker
Appearances : 90
Goals : 28
Years at Arsenal : 1997-1999
`` Le Sulk '' showed amazing potential , but left the club before he could fulfill it . Overall , his performances for us do n't really justify his place on this list , but we made over £20 million off him . One of many players to admit he should 've never left the greatest club in the world .
Robin van Prick
Height : Not big enough to stay at Arsenal when we needed him most
Position : Traitor
Appearances : 279
Goals : 132
Years at Arsenal : 2004-2012
Believe me , I did n't want to put him on this list , but part of me knew that he deserved it . As much as I hate him for being a money-grabbing little sh ! t , he carried us in 2011/12 . If it were n't for him , we might have actually been relegated , so we might as well give him that . He also scored some blinders down the years . And besides , look where he is now ? Settling for mid-table mediocrity . And he said he did n't like the direction WE were going . Ha .
Mesut Özil
Height : 5'11 ''
Position : Attacking Midfielder/In Neil Ashton 's nightmares
Appearances : 40
Goals : 7
Years at Arsenal : 2013-Present
Future legend .
And there we go . Back to now , where it 's been OVER A WEEK SINCE WE SIGNED ANYONE . WHAT ARE YOU DOING IVAN ? # WENGEROUT
Anyway , I do hope you enjoyed that leisurely cruise down Memory Lane . Sorry if I forgot anyone good , I 'm a little off today . One website said that the Romford Pelé once wore the famed no . 11 shirt , but I could n't find anywhere else that confirmed that statement . Even if he did , oh well . It 's only Ray Parlour .
US giants stand against new anti-Russian sanctions
Visa , Boeing , Ford and other US-based giants stand against the introduction of further sanctions against Russia , CNN reported with reference to a source in US Congress .
According to representatives of the corporations , the introduction of new sanctions will cause significant damage to the United States and transcontinental businesses .
The `` cartel '' against sanctions , according to CNN , includes oil giants BP , Exxon and General Electric , aerospace company Boeing , bank conglomerates Citigroup , Mastercard and Visa , as well as manufacturers such as Ford , Dow Chemical , Procter & Gamble , International Paper , Caterpillar and Cummins .
New sanctions against Russia may have unforeseen consequences that will cause significant damage to the companies . At the same time , the companies do not believe the bill about the new sanctions should be rejected in its entirety . Members of trade associations and lobbyists representing the interests of American businesses discuss possible amendments to the bill , CNN said .
The Senate has recently approved a bill providing for new sanctions against Russia and Iran . The `` package '' was supposed to reduce the maximum period of market financing for sanctioned Russian banks to 14 days and for oil and gas companies - to 30 days . The bill also entitles US president to take action against companies intending to invest in the construction of Russian export pipelines either more than five million dollars a year or one million at a time . Separately , the bill is supposed to put obstacles on the construction of the Nord Stream-2 gas pipeline .
The Kremlin stated that Washington 's aspirations to introduce more anti-Russian restrictions may lead to another wave of the war of sanctions .
To crown it all , the Chancellor of Austria and Foreign Minister of Germany saw the new US bill as a threat to Europe 's energy supplies . Representatives of a number of major European energy companies also spoke against the new sanctions .
Politonline
Read article in Russian
( Newser ) – CBS has refused to run advertising for Truth , the film starring Cate Blanchett and Robert Redford that revisits a painful episode in the network 's past involving a discredited 2004 news story on former President George W. Bush 's military service record . CBS has denounced the movie , which opens Friday , as a disservice to the public and journalists . Redford plays Dan Rather in the film , with Blanchett as producer Mary Mapes . Together , the journalists were behind a 60 Minutes II story that questioned Bush 's Vietnam War-era commitment to service in the Texas Air National Guard . But CBS apologized for the story after documents used were called into question and could n't be verified . Mapes and three news executives were fired . The film is told from the points of view of Mapes and Rather , who left CBS News on bitter terms in 2006 .
Sony Pictures Classics sought a multimillion dollar ad buy to promote the film on Stephen Colbert 's Late Show , the CBS Evening News , CBS This Morning , and 60 Minutes , but it was turned down , says the head of the company that places ads for Sony . Instead , Sony is advertising on ABC , NBC , Fox , and several cable networks . CBS confirmed the rejection , and a spokesman says , `` It 's astounding how little truth there is in Truth . There are , in fact , too many distortions , evasions , and baseless conspiracy theories to enumerate them all . The film tries to turn gross errors of journalism and judgment into acts of heroism and martyrdom . '' One of the film 's producers expressed surprise about CBS ' public denunciation . `` I do n't think anyone expected them to send flowers , '' he says . `` To get an official statement from them that is negative was not surprising to anyone involved in the film . I think the one thing that surprised everyone was the tone and the emotional nature . '' ( Read more CBS stories . )
Russia will maintain a joint military base in Kyrgyzstan for 15 years starting 2017 , reads an agreement signed in the presence of the two countries ' leaders during a summit in Bishkek .
The freshly-signed agreement details the status and conditions of the military base 's stay and includes a protocol on military cooperation over the period before the base is opened . The agreement also regulates the rental price .
President Vladimir Putin told the press after the talks with Kyrgyz leader Almazbek Atambayev that the joint Russian-Kyrgyz military base would be a significant factor adding to the stability in the country and the whole region .
Putin stressed that the initiative to create the base came from the Kyrgyz side . He said that those who intend to rock the region 's stability must realize that there are forces that can be used in the fight against extremism , drug trafficking and terrorism .
The president also told reporters that in his view the situation in the neighboring Afghanistan will not change for the better in the nearest future , but Russian military presence in the region , both in Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan , is a serious factor of stability .
Atambayev told the press that he and Putin did not discuss the US military presence on Kyrgyz territory or the US air base at Bishkek Airport during the summit .
As for Kyrgyzstan 's own position , Atambayev said he had repeatedly supported the idea of conversion of the Bishkek base into a civilian air transport hub , and starting from 2014 , when the rent agreement with the US expires , it will not be prolonged .
“ A civilian airport must be a civilian site , ” the president said adding , that he had repeatedly informed the US authorities about these plans .
Putin confirmed that he and his Kyrgyz colleague “ not only did n't discuss the US air base , but did n't even mention it ” and stressed that the question of foreign military presence in the country was Kyrgyzstan 's own sovereign right .
What Became of TV Channel 1 ?
Ever wonder why your television dial starts with Channel 2 ? In the early days of television broadcasting in the United States , there was a channel 1 And there were television stations operating on channel 1 and TV sets had a number 1 on the dial . Here are the details . ( All frequencies are in MHz . )
Channel 1938-1940 1940-1946 1946-1948 1948-2010 1 44-50 50-56 44-50 2 50-56 60-66 54-60 54-60 3 66-72 66-72 60-66 60-66 4 78-84 78-84 66-72 66-72 5 84-90 84-90 76-82 76-82 6 96-102 96-102 82-88 82-88 7 102-108 102-108 174-180 174-180 8 156-162 162-168 180-186 180-186 9 162-168 180-186 186-192 186-192 10 180-186 186-192 192-198 192-198 11 186-192 204-210 198-204 198-204 12 204-210 210-216 204-210 204-210 13 210-216 230-236 210-216 210-216 14 234-240 236-242 15 240-246 258-264 16 258-264 264-270 17 264-270 282-288 18 282-288 288-294 19 288-294
In 1937 , the channel assignments for television were set as 1 to 19 .
In 1940 , the FCC allocated 42-50 MHz for FM radio broadcasting . All the frequencies had to me moved again .
Between 1940 and 1948 , following much redistribution of frequencies , the frequencies were finally redistributed amongst the channels . The FCC allocated 42-50 for FM radio . And the number of channels was reduced from 19 to 13 .
In 1945 , the FCC decided to move FM radio to the 88-106 MHz band ( later 88-108 MHz ) . Because FM broadcasting would be vacating 42-50 MHz , TV channel 1 was moved down to that part of the spectrum .
After 1948 the FM frequencies were changed from 44-50 Mhz to 88-106 ( later 108 ) Mhz . Channel 1 was then freed to be allocated for mobile land services . But the Channels were never renumbered and channel 1 disappeared .
In the 1940s , the FCC assigned television 's Channel 1 to mobile Services ( two-way radios in taxicabs , for instance ) but did not Pre-number the other channel assignments . That is why your TV set has channels 2 and up , but no channel 1 .
Photo : Tom Hawking
At 11:15pm on Monday night , Justin Rice , 40 , was arguing loudly with his girlfriend at Bushwick 's HappyFun Hideaway , a neighborhood bar with many queer and trans staff and patrons . The bouncer kicked him out and Rice became violent , The New York Daily News and DNAinfo reports .
“ I 'm going to come back Orlando-style ! ” Rice yelled , referencing the hate crime at Orlando 's Pulse gay night club , the deadliest shooting in American history . “ I 'm going to shoot this place up and get my 50 just like Orlando , Florida . ”
Rice then punched the 34-year-old bouncer and threw a metal bucket filled with sand at him , while screaming , “ Fuck you faggots , fuck that faggot , I 'll kill you faggots ! ”
The bouncer suffered minor injuries but was able to restrain the man . HappyFun Hideaway staff tells Gawker they are unable to comment on the incident , as it is still under investigation , but everyone is safe and ok .
Rice was arrested and charged with attempted assault , aggravated harassment , making a terrorist threat and menacing as a hate crime . He is being held at Rikers , with bail set at $ 10,000 . He 's due back in court on June 17 .
A CHP officer had to jump into action and smash open the window of a moving car in the middle of the freeway in order to rescue a passed out driver .
Amber Morgan was out cold behind the wheel on the 805 freeway in San Diego just before 1 a.m. Friday morning . An ABC 10 News cameraman discovered her at the scene and called 911 , and even went out to her car in a futile attempt to wake her up by knocking on the driver 's side window .
`` I tried knocking—she 's totally passed out . Her doors are locked on the driver 's side , '' the cameraman says to the CHP officer who shows up .
Officer Sergio Flores unsuccessfully tries to knock out the driver 's window with his flashlight , and the car starts rolling slowly . Flores runs to the other side of the car and on the second swing of his baton is able to smash the passenger window but Morgan 's car keeps slowly rolling . `` Stop the car ! You are going to crash ! '' Flores yells . In an apparent daze , Morgan is able to stop the car and Officer Flores reaches in and shifts the car into park .
Morgan was safely taken out of the car and moved to the shoulder , where she was then handcuffed and checked on by firefighters . A large bottle of liquor was found in her car , and she was taken into custody on suspicion of a DUI . The officer suffered cuts to his hands from smashing the window .
The Canadian Plastics Industry Association ( CPIA ) , Mississauga , Ontario , has announced that at 96 percent of residents , nearly all Canadians are able to recycle all types of transparent and opaque plastic bottles , jugs and jars in their residential recycling programs .
The association released the report “ Canadian Residential Plastics Packaging : Recycling Program Access Report , ” which monitored the changes taking place in Canadian curbside recycling programs , tracking how they have expanded to collect a broader range of plastic packaging materials over several years . Plastic packaging includes both rigid containers like bottles , jugs and tubs as well as pliable materials such as plastic bags and clear overwrap from bulk products , according to CPIA . As part of the analysis , the report calculates the growing percentage of Canadians who have access to residential recycling programs that collect various types of plastic packaging and plastic products .
“ We 've just finalized our analysis for 2015 and are excited to report that more Canadians can recycle more plastic bottles , jugs , jars , tubs and lids as well as plastic bags and plastic overwrap than ever before , ” says Carol Hochu , CPIA president and CEO .
Hochu continues , “ Plastic definitely plays a central role in recycling programs these days . As more manufacturers turn to plastic packaging , consumers are putting more of these materials into their recycling bins . And recycling program managers continue to add to the list of plastics they accept as markets develop and expand . We 're seeing recycling programs across the country adding plastic tubs and lids , caps , plastic bags , overwrap and foam food and protective packaging to their lists of acceptable materials . ”
The CPIA says the biggest gains in access to broader recycling programs in Canada include :
The percentage of Canadians who can recycle all types of plastic containers ( bottles , jugs , jars , tubs and lids , clamshell boxes , etc . ) increased by 6 percentage points to 67 percent in 2015 ( up from 61 percent in 2014 and 53 percent in 2013 ) .
Access to programs that accept plastic bags and overwrap ( e.g. , the plastic used to wrap paper towels and cases of pop ) has increased 10 percentage points to 65 percent in 2015 ( up from 55 percent in 2014 ) . This is mostly in light of the city of Toronto adding plastic bags and overwrap to its program in mid-2015 .
Access to recycling programs that accept foam food and protective packaging has increased to 44 percent in 2015 ( up from 35 percent in 2014 ) , largely because of Montreal adding all foam packaging to its collection program .
Sixty percent of Canadians now have access to recycling programs that include plastic bottle caps .
Seventy-one percent of Canadians can recycle smaller ( less than 4 liter ) tubs and lids and 63 percent can recycle larger ( greater than 4 liter ) tubs and lids .
Ninety-nine percent of Canadians can recycle polyethylene terephthalate ( PET ) beverage bottles .
Krista Friesen , CPIA vice president of sustainability , adds , “ Canadians use products delivered in plastic containers or protected by plastic materials every day and we want those materials to be managed for reuse and recycling in sustainable ways . That 's why CPIA works closely and continuously with municipalities and provincial stewardship agencies that are collecting recyclable plastic materials , and with end markets to expand opportunities to recover more materials and to develop new uses for postconsumer materials . ”
Since 1943 , the CPIA says it has served as the national voice of the plastics industry across Canada and beyond , representing the interests of plastics value chain including resin and raw material suppliers , processors/converters , equipment suppliers , recyclers and brand owners .
This information was provided by GlobeNewswire .
The continuing bombardment of civilian homes in several areas of the Gaza Strip , as well as the Israeli shelling of a hospital , add to the list of possible war crimes that demand an urgent independent international investigation , said Amnesty International .
The third floor of the Al-Aqsa hospital in Deir al-Balah was struck by Israeli shelling , killing four people and wounding dozens , according to the Gaza Ministry of Health spokesperson .
“ Today 's attack on the Al-Aqsa hospital is the latest in a series of attacks on and near medical facilities in Gaza , which have been struggling to cope with thousands of injured people since the Israeli offensive began on 8 July , ” said Philip Luther , Director of the Middle East and North Africa Programme at Amnesty International .
“ There can be no justification for targeting medical facilities at any time . Attacks on medical facilities underline the need for a prompt , impartial international investigation mandated by the UN . ”
Last week , the al-Wafa rehabilitative hospital in Shuja'iyyeh was severely damaged after being attacked twice by Israeli forces .
With the Israeli ground invasion in its fourth day and the death toll in Gaza exceeding 550 people , the majority of them civilians , there is an urgent need for the parties to agree to periodic pauses in the fighting to facilitate the evacuation of the dead and wounded . Additionally , with as many as 1.2 million people without water or sewage services , municipal workers and relief organizations need to carry out emergency repair work to prevent a public health catastrophe .
From Saturday night to Sunday morning , intense Israeli bombardment of Shuja'iyyeh killed more than 60 people , including at least 17 children and 14 women . More than 200 people are reported wounded , and civilians were forced to flee under fire . At least 13 Israeli soldiers were also killed overnight , the majority of them in Shuja'iyyeh .
Hamas has also continued to fire hundreds of indiscriminate rockets into Israel in violation of international law , killing two Israeli civilians and injuring others .
The Israeli military said that Shuja'iyyeh , a densely populated area with some 92,000 residents east of Gaza City , had been targeted because it was a “ fortress ” housing rockets , tunnels and command centres . Israeli military and government officials have repeatedly said that civilians were warned to evacuate the area days before it was attacked .
However , many civilians in Shuja'iyyeh and other areas did not evacuate because they had nowhere to go . All the UNRWA schools and other facilities opened as shelters are overflowing . Issuing warnings to evacuate entire areas does not absolve Israeli forces of their obligations to protect civilians under international humanitarian law .
“ The relentless bombardment of Shuja'iyyeh and other civilian areas in the Gaza Strip , as well as the continuing indiscriminate rocket attacks on Israel , demand urgent international action to prevent further violations . The UN should impose an arms embargo on all sides , and all states should immediately suspend transfers of military equipment to Israel , Hamas , and other Palestinian armed groups in the Gaza Strip , ” said Philip Luther .
Evernote made a name for itself as the platform where you could store your ideas and notes for life , and beyond . But the same permanence does not apply to the people who work there .
We 've confirmed through multiple sources that Linda Kozlowski , Evernote 's COO , has put in her notice and will be leaving the company by the end of this year .
It 's the latest in a series of recent twists and turns at the popular startup : this year has seen Evernote appoint href= '' https : //beta.techcrunch.com/2015/07/20/evernote-executive-shuffle-chris-oneill-named-ceo-phil-libin-executive-chairman/ '' > a new CEO , face layoffs , close offices , and kill off products .
It 's not clear why Kozlowski is going , but it 's notable for its abruptness : Kozlowski has been with Evernote for just over three years , but only took up the COO role this past summer .
It 's also notable when tracking what else might follow . Watch for departures of at least four more executives in the months to come , our sources say .
Kozlowski 's departure after such a short time in the role underscores the upheaval at Evernote at the moment .
Evernote , founded in 2007 , counts over 100 million users of its note-taking and organizational mobile and desktop apps , and it has raised some $ 290 million in funding from investors like Sequoia , Morgenthaler and ( most recently ) Japan 's financial media giant Nikkei .
But more recently , the company seems to be in disarray . It has been slammed for having a lack of product focus — rolling out and closing a variety of vertical apps and services , putting resources into a physical goods market when the core product is an app . And it 's been criticised for failing to convert enough users from free to paying tiers .
It 's also not a surprise to see execs leave , considering that many of the senior staff at the company date from when Phil Libin was running the show . ( While Libin remains as executive chairman , he 's also now a partner at General Catalyst so is not in the mix day to day as O'Neill is . )
Kozlowski has been a key person in Evernote 's growth both into new markets and into new business areas , as pointed out by Libin when he blogged about her appointment :
During her tenure , Linda has worked tirelessly to bring Evernote to individuals and teams around the world . As VP of Worldwide Operations , she ran all of Evernote 's global initiatives and oversaw the expansion of Evernote into China and Brazil . More recently , Linda directed Evernote 's global pricing strategy , which culminated in the successful launch of the new Evernote Plus and Evernote Premium tiers .
All important milestones for Evernote , for sure . But as the startup continues , in the words of O'Neill , its focus on growth and expansion for tomorrow , users and Evernote 's staff itself will probably be wondering what further changes will happen today .
Evernote and Kozlowski did not respond to requests for comment .
The British government will not ban certain types of encryption in an upcoming security bill , but the move is unlikely to satisfy privacy advocates .
The Guardian reported over the weekend that an investigatory powers bill , set to be unveiled in Parliament on Wednesday , would no longer include any requirements barring businesses from encrypting certain types of digital data .
ADVERTISEMENT
It 's an unexpected change of heart for the British government , and comes shortly after the Obama administration decided to back away from its own potential push for legislation that may have required companies to build some type of “ backdoor ” — essentially an entry point just for government — into their encryption .
Technologists and digital rights groups have cautioned that any form of guaranteed access to encrypted data exposes all protected information to hackers .
“ Encryption is important for people to be able to keep themselves safe when they are dealing with these modern communications in the digital age , ” said Britain 's Home Secretary Theresa May , who runs the department responsible for domestic security , in a Sunday interview on BBC 's `` The Andrew Marr Show . ''
“ But what we will be doing is setting out the current position , which does enable the authorities with proper authorization to issue warrants , ” she added .
It 's this second statement that has privacy advocates calling the government 's reversal “ an invisible climbdown ” and “ mere spin . ”
“ All the Home Secretary has announced so far is that they 've decided to discard powers which were legally unenforceable and drop proposals which even the police were privately telling them were not going to be of much practical use anyway , ” said Mairi Clare Rodgers , the campaigns coordinator at Liberty , a human rights advocacy group , in a Monday blog post .
Rodgers maintained that the government is trying to generate positive headlines in order to distract from the fact that the bill lacks a major privacy safeguard — judicial sign-off before any type of digital interception .
“ The huge elephant in the room , which the government is pointedly ignoring , is judicial authorization of surveillance requests , ” Rodgers said . “ This is the most basic safeguard which they could propose . A huge number of democratic countries make use of judges in signing off surveillance — Australia , Canada and the USA among them . Here , senior politicians sign off on the requests . ”
The bill released on Wednesday will be a draft , meaning it still has a way to go before becoming law .
British officials insist the measure would only enable necessary digital searches .
A senior British official told The Guardian , “ Any access to Internet connection records will be strictly limited and targeted . ”
Britain 's encryption policies could have ramifications in the U.S. as the two countries ' intelligence agencies are closely aligned .
British Prime Minister David Cameron has also pressed President Obama on encryption , hoping the American leader would take a stronger stance against major tech companies that are moving to encrypt data and lock out law enforcement .
NASA has just completed a successful test of laser communication — according to Space.com , the agency just beamed an image of the Mona Lisa from an installation in Maryland to the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter some 240,000 miles away . The LRO , which has been orbiting the moon since 2009 , was the primary choice for this test since it is already outfitted with laser communication gear ; most of NASA 's other spacecraft use more traditional radio signals for communication . The image of the Mona Lisa was divided up into 150 x 200 pixel sections and then beamed from the Goddard Flight Center up to the LRO at a rate of about 300 bits per second — not exactly the fastest signal out there , but we 'll give it credit for managing to transmit data all the way to the moon .
`` This is the first time anyone has achieved one-way laser communication at planetary distances , '' said David Smith , a researcher working with the LRO 's Lunar Orbiter Laser Altimeter . `` In the near future , this type of simple laser communication might serve as a backup for the radio communication that satellites use . In the more distance future , it may allow communication at higher data rates than present radio links can provide . '' While there 's no actual timetable for when laser might replace or augment radio communication , NASA 's already planning future testing . Later this year , the Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explore will launch towards the moon , and NASA plans to test high data rate laser communications with it .
Finally , we 've been given the proper tools to express ourselves more accurately when talking about pop culture .
While many are excited just to see a broader representation of the human race , we 've noticed familiar faces in some of the new emoji . Because life just was n't as exciting without a Neil DeGrasse Tyson emoji . And how can we be excited about a royal baby when the most regal emoji only resembles Princess Peach ?
Now if only we could get some redhead emoji , so we could properly talk about Jessica Chastain .
1 . Aubrey Plaza Image : Mashable composite . NBC
2 . Kate Middleton Image : Mashable composite
3 . Pink Image : Mashable composite . Steve Granitz/Getty Advertisement
4 . Dennis Rodman Image : Mashable composite . Tom DiPace/Associated Press
5 . Danny DeVito Image : Mashable composite . NBC
6 . Freddie Mercury Image : Mashable composite . Advertisement
7 . Destiny 's Child Image : Mashable composite . Scott Boehmap
8 . Nicole Richie Image : Mashable composite . Luis Garcia/Associated Press
9 . Michael Cudlitz Image : Mashable composite . TMC Advertisement
10 . Tori Spelling Image : Mashable composite . Popsugar
11 . Jennifer Aniston Image : Mashable composite . NBC
12 . Neil DeGrasse Tyson Image : Mashable composite . Frank Micelotta/Associated Press Advertisement
13 . Britney Spears Image : Mashable composite . Harper 's Bazaar
14 . Ryan Gosling Image : Mashable composite . New Line Cinema
15 . Tim Allen Image : Mashable composite . Walt Disney Pictures Advertisement  Show As Gallery
BONUS : 5 Emoji Meanings That May Surprise You
`` Sons of Ben : the Movie '' is now out on DVD . Visit the movie 's web site to buy a copy .
PHILADELPHIA -- For a couple of hours , the Sons of Ben gathered together in one place to cheer , boo , laugh , yell and drink .
Only this time , they were n't watching a soccer game … they were watching themselves .
Earlier this year at the Trocadero Theatre , “ Sons of Ben : The Movie ” debuted in Philly in front of many members of the Philadelphia Union 's loud and crazy supporters ' club that made the film possible .
Some Union players as well as head coach Jim Curtin were also on hand to watch the documentary , which chronicled how the Sons of Ben overcame significant adversity to help bring an MLS franchise to the region before embracing their new home in Chester by doing important charity work in the beleaguered town .
And the reviews were all positive , with Curtin and team CEO Nick Sakiewicz saying afterwards that the film would be “ mandatory viewing ” for any Union player or employee .
“ There was a ton of behind-the-scenes stuff that maybe not everybody knows , ” Curtin told MLSsoccer.com following the screening . “ I thought it was really well done , really entertaining and a really good portrayal of a great fan base in the Sons of Ben . ”
Some of the most compelling “ behind-the-scenes stuff ” detailed the personal obstacles some of the early Sons of Ben members faced as they tried to build a group from nothing . In the end , they did enough to convince potential investors , politicians and league higher-ups that there were enough passionate fans in the region to support an MLS franchise . But along the way , a tremendous toll was taken on people like co-founder Bryan James , who discussed on camera how his marriage was on the rocks while he worked on what was essentially a second full-time job .
“ I would have rather kept it private , ” James admitted afterwards . “ As the movie details , we had some not-so-good days . But family will always be the most important thing to me .
“ Tonight was amazing , ” he added . “ My boys are next to me , my mom and wife are right here . I 'm really , really fortunate . ”
The movie 's roots can be traced back to James , who was childhood friends with filmmaker Jeff Bell . Intrigued by the unique concept that fans of a team could come before the team itself , Bell reached out to James about the potential for a documentary and began filming at PPL Park in 2012 .
It took three years to complete but the film has been well received at international film festivals in Spain and Japan , winning the grand prize at the Tokyo International Football Film Festival earlier this year . Bell wants to be able to show his film to the world but has n't yet announced plans for its release .
In the meantime , the director was excited to hold the grand premiere in Philadelphia in front of the Sons of Ben , who turned out in droves for the event , which included a red-carpet party before and after the screening .
John McCarthy is interviewed at Sons of Ben premiere , courtesy Philadelphia Union
“ I 'm really glad this story got told because it 's a unique story , ” said original Sons of Ben member Brad Youtz , who showed a lot of emotion during his on-screen interviews . “ Taking myself totally out of it , I think it 's important for people to know how this team started and the story behind it . That has value . ”
And even people who know the story well will likely learn something from the movie – whether it 's longtime Sons of Ben member Corey Furlan using the group as an outlet to overcome addiction problems or Sakiewicz working closely with the Sons of Ben and helping get PPL Park built while battling cancer ( which is now in remission ) .
Above all else , though , it 's a Philadelphia story . And that struck a particular cord with Curtin , a Philly native who first heard about the Sons of Ben while playing for the Chicago Fire in 2007 and thinking that it was a “ cool name. ” But sitting in the theater on Wednesday and hearing from all of the people that worked tirelessly to turn what was once a collection of just a few people into a group that now has over 2,000 members put it all into perspective for him .
“ It was awesome , ” the Union head coach said . “ To see all the different guys when they spoke , you can relate to them all . To see them unfiltered , letting the f-bombs fly here and there , it was very Philadelphia . They shared the same passion that I did grow up rooting for the Phillies , Eagles , Flyers and Sixers . Now to have their own team and to see that process was very cool . ”
Dave Zeitlin covers the Union for MLSsoccer.com . Email him at djzeitlin @ gmail.com .
Thank you for your help !
What was mispronounced ? Optional : help us by adding the time
When Iceland 's banks collapsed and mistrust of politicians soared during the 2008 financial crisis , two programmers thought software could help salvage the country 's democracy .
They created Your Priorities , a platform that allows citizens to suggest laws , policies and budget measures , which can then be voted up or down by other users .
“ We thought : If we manage somehow to connect regular citizens with government then we create a dialogue that will ultimately result in better decisions , ” says Robert Bjarnason , chief executive of Citizens Foundation , the company that created Your Priorities .
Mr Bjarnason and his fellow co-founder of Citizens Foundation , Gunnar Grimsson , used the software to create a policy website called Better Reykjavik just before the city 's 2010 elections .
Jon Gnarr , Reykjavik 's then mayor , encouraged people to use the platform to give him policy suggestions and he committed to funding the top 10 ideas each month . Seven years on , Better Reykjavik has some 20,000 users and 769 of their ideas have been approved by the city council .
These include increasing financial support for the city 's homeless , converting a former power station into a youth centre , introducing gender-neutral toilets and naming a street after Darth Vader , the character from Star Wars .
Your Priorities have also been tested in other countries , including Estonia , Australia , Scotland , Wales , Norway and Malta . In Estonia , seven proposals have become law , including one limiting donations from companies to political parties and another that requires the national parliament to debate any proposal with more than 1,000 votes .
The software is part of a global trend for people to seek more influence over their politicians . In Australia , for example , the MiVote app allows people to vote on issues being debated in parliament .
“ Politics has hit a wall [ with ] representatives isolated from the people , ” says Halldor Svansson , a member of the anti-establishment Pirate Party who sits on Reykjavik 's city council . “ We get voted in , then we do our thing and never involve the public in what we are doing , ” he says .
“ Those times are past . This was the main idea behind the project — [ to create ] a platform for reasonable discussion that would be able to influence politics , in a structured way . ”
Technology , however , can not solve every problem , says Mr Gnarr , who adds that he was disappointed the software did not attract as many young people as was hoped . Apathy over politics , especially at the local level persists .
“ I was hoping [ Better Reykjavik ] would be the perfect solution , ” he says . “ It may not be , but it is one of the many solutions to the crisis of democracy and a way to get people to vote . ”
At times , the portal can become a “ crazy sounding board ” Mr Svansson concedes . The Reykjavik council has put in quality controls to filter out hare-brained proposals , although Mr Bjarnason says he has had to remove inappropriate content only a handful of times .
Citizens Foundation is funded largely by the city of Reykjavik and the EU . In 2011 , the organisation launched Better Neighbourhoods , a portal that allows citizens to control a portion of Reykjavik 's infrastructure budget . Some €18m , or 6 per cent of the city budget for this year , has been allocated to be spent through Better Neighbourhoods .
The city government is also using Your Priorities to allow high school students to help design their curriculum .
Ideas so far include teaching meditation in schools and overhauling IT courses .
During Iceland 's parliamentary elections last month , 10 out of 11 political parties published their election pitches on Your Priorities , allowing voters to comment on policies and propose new ones . This interactive manifesto website attracted 22,000 visitors .
Testing the efficacy of platforms such as Your Priorities is perhaps easier in Reykjavik — population 123,000 — than in larger cities . Even so , integrating the site into the council 's policymaking apparatus has been slower than Mr Bjarnason had foreseen .
“ Everything takes a long time and sometimes it is like you are swimming in syrup , ” he says . “ Still , it has been a really good experience working with the city . ”
Yesterday I received a pretty interesting comment from one of my Twitter followers @ NTmatter who wrote :
@ lamw Just noticed that OSX has a VMXNET3 driver . Have to edit the vmx file to actually use it , but it 's there ! AppleVmxnet3Ethernet.kext — Thomas Johnson ( @ NTmatter ) September 30 , 2016
This is a pretty neat find because currently today , the only network adapter that is functional with an Apple Mac OS X guest running on either VMware vSphere or Fusion is the e1000 { e } driver . This update was definitely news to me and after sharing it internally to see if I could find some more details , it turns out this news also came as surprise to the folks internally . Darius , one of the Engineers who I frequently reach out to on Apple related topics did some digging and found out that Apple started to bundle this VMXNET3 driver starting with Mac OS X 10.11 ( El Capitan ) release . You can find the driver located in /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleVmxnet3Ethernet.kext
Disclaimer : Given that this VMXNET3 Mac OS X driver was not developed by VMware nor has it been tested by VMware , it currently would not be officially supported by VMware .
If you wish to try out the VMXNET3 driver , you will need to install Mac OS X 10.11 or newer on a VM running on vSphere or Fusion . By default , the only available network adapter type is e1000 { e } . To add a VMXNET3 network adapter , you can either manually tweak the .VMX file or you can easily add it by using either the vSphere Web/C # Client or ESXi Embedded Host Client . Below are the instructions on configuring the VMXNET3 network adapter for your Mac OS X guests .
Step 1 - Remove the existing network adapter and then temporarily change the GuestOS type to `` Other '' ( no need to save setting , just update it in VM reconfigure wizard ) so that you will be allowed to add a VMXNET3 network adapter . Once you have added it to the VM reconfigure wizard , go ahead and toggle back the GuestOS type to Mac OS X 10.10 and then save the settings as shown in the screenshots below .
Step 2 - Open a terminal inside of the Mac OS X guest and run the following command to load the VMXNET3 driver :
sudo kextload /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleVmxnet3Ethernet.kext
Step 3 - You can verify that the VMXNET3 driver was successfully loaded by running the following command :
kextstat | grep -i vmxnet3
Once the driver has been loaded , you should now have networking connectivity to your Mac OS X VM using the VMXNET3 network adapter . Below is a screenshot of the system info showing the VMXNET3 network adapter .
In addition to having an optimized networking when using the VMXNET3 driver , the other benefit is being able to get a link speed of 10GbE which is something customers have been inquiring about when virtualizing Mac OS X guests . Below is a screenshot of the media link shown in this Mac OS X 10.11 guests .
Although this is a great development for Apple customers who use VMware vSphere and Fusion , it also does raise an interesting question on whether Apple would be officially supporting this VMXNET3 driver going forward ? If I do receive any more details on this , I will update the article . Until then , you can play with this new capability if you are running Mac OS X 10.11 or greater on VMware . Big thanks to Thomas for this great find and sharing it with the VMware Community !
Today 's pressure to pre-order games , applied by both retailers and publishers alike , does very little to serve the consumer .
The main reason people choose to pre-order their games is because they 're under the impression there 's a chance stores will run out of copies , and they 'll miss out being one of the first to play the next big game . But with the present surge of digital releases , not to mention the fact that I 've never run into a situation where all stores were sold out of a game I wanted to play , this happening just does n't seem to be a legitimate danger anymore .
The incessant need for us to be guaranteed something on release day , can be seen in any new product that has some hype behind it , and is present in almost all entertainment mediums . I think it speaks to the age we 're living in , we want what we want when we want it , and if it means shelling out full price for a product , despite knowing nothing about its quality , then so be it .
Almost all game retailers offer little incentives for pre-ordering certain games in the form of “ pre-order bonuses , ” which are often an item skin that looks marginally different , an exclusive weapon , a cheap toy , or game currency , all of which offer almost nothing in terms of in-game advantage . So if none of this stuff is of any benefit to gameplay , and the danger of not getting a copy is close to zero , then why are we still pre-ordering ?
Some of this can be attributed to a fresh batch of you gamers every year that are desperate for the next big thing , and parents who are desperate to get it for them . But these are n't the only demographics that often fall in to the pre-order trap . Developers put a significant amount of effort into marketing their products leading up to release ( remember the Call of Duty energy drink ? ) , namely because it guarantees the success of their game before anyone has a chance to give it bad press – and despite what some will have you believe , word of mouth still matters when it comes to video games .
As Jeff Gerstmann recently pointed out on the final Giant Bomb live show of 2014 , last year 's Call of Duty Ghosts was by far the worst release in the series ' history , and received mixed reviews from fans and critics alike . Yet despite Call of Duty : Advanced Warfare being a far superior game ( and an overdue step forward for the exhausted franchise ) , it is n't selling nearly as well as Ghosts did .
The point is , publishers do n't want negative press , and if they can afford to secure pre-order numbers , it alleviates a lot of the stress and pressure of actually making a high-quality game – as you 've probably guessed , this is n't good for consumers .
The established pre-order model is valuable to both publishers and retailers . Recently the process has been taken to extreme lengths , a prime example being Uncharted 4 , a game that does n't have an official release date and has only been seen played once publically . There 's no guarantee that it will even release in 2015 .
Why is this available to pre-order already ? Well , aside from giving the publishers a safety net , there are secondary incentives to consider , such as encouraging retailers to display more confidence in the game , which means better displays and placing in-store , and in turn more promotion to drive sales .
Does this serve the consumer in any way ? Absolutely not . So whats the solution ? Well its simple , just do n't pre-order . Waiting for the final product , paying attention to word of mouth , and checking the review scores all ensure that your money is well spent , and also encourages publishers to release a game they 're confident in .
By making developers work for your money , you 're exercising your greatest power as a consumer , and in turn , supporting a market that relies more heavily on quality and innovation , than deceptive marketing techniques .
DIGG THIS
Even now , people think nothing of professing their attachment to socialist ideology at cocktail parties , at restaurants serving abundant foods , and lounging in the fanciest apartments and homes that mankind has ever enjoyed . Yes , it is still fashionable to be a socialist , and — in some circles within the arts and academia — socially required . No one will recoil . Someone will openly congratulate you for your idealism . In the same way , you can always count on eliciting agreement by decrying the evils of Wal-Mart and Microsoft .
Is n't it remarkable ? Socialism ( the real-life version ) collapsed nearly twenty years ago — vicious regimes founded on the principles of Marxism , overthrown by the will of the people . Following that event we 've seen these once decrepit societies come back to life and become a major source for the world 's prosperity . Trade has expanded . The technological revolution is achieving miracles by the day right under our noses . Millions have been made far better off , in ever-widening circles . The credit is wholly due to the free market , which possesses a creative power that has been underestimated by even its most passionate proponents .
What 's more , it should not have required the collapse of socialism to demonstrate this . Socialism has been failing since the ancient world . And since Mises 's book Socialism ( 1922 ) we have understood that the precise reason is due to the economic impossibility of the emergence of social order in absence of private property in the means of production . No one has ever refuted him .
And yet , even now , after all this , professors stand in front of their students and decry the evil of capitalism . Best-selling books make anti-capitalism the theme . Politicians parade around telling us about the glorious things that the government will accomplish when they are in charge . And every evil of the day , even those directly caused by the government ( airline delays , the housing crisis , the never-ending crisis in public schooling , the lack of health care for everyone ) are blamed on the market economy .
As an example : the Bush administration nationalized airline security after 9-11 , and hardly anyone — except Ron Paul , of course — even questioned that this was necessary . The result was an amazing mess that is visible to every traveler , as delays pile on delays and humiliations became part of the rubric of travel by flight . And yet who gets the blame ? Read the letters to the editor . Read the mountains of copy written by journalists covering this issue . The blame is heaped on the private airlines . The solution follows : more regulation , more nationalization .
How can we account for this appalling display ? There are two primary factors . The first is the failure of people to understand economics and its elucidation of cause and effect in society . The second is the absence of imagination that such ignorance reinforces . If you do n't know what causes what in society , it is impossible to intellectually grasp the proper solutions or imagine how the world would work in the absence of the state .
The educational gap can be overcome . To think in economic terms is to realize that wealth is not a given or an accident of history . It is not bestowed on us like rain from above . It is the product of human creativity in an environment of freedom . The freedom to own , to make contracts , to save , to invest , to associate , and to trade : these are the key to prosperity .
Without them , where would we be ? In a state of nature , which means a dramatically shrunken population hiding in caves and living off what we can hunt and gather . This is the world in which human beings found themselves until we made something of it , and it is the world we can slip back into should any government ever manage to take away freedom and private property rights completely .
This seems like a simple point but it is one that evades vast swaths of even the educated public . The problem comes down to a failure to understand that scarcity is a pervasive feature of the world and the need for a system that rationally allocates scarce resources to socially optimal ends . There is only one system for doing so , and it is not central planning but the free-market price system .
Government distorts the price system in myriad ways . Subsidies short-circuit market judgments . Product bans cause the ascendance of less desirable goods and services over more desirable ones . Other regulations slow down the wheels of commerce , thwart the dreams of entrepreneurs , and foil the plans of consumers and investors . Then there is the most deceptive form of price manipulation : monetary management by a central bank .
The larger the government , the more our living standards are reduced . We are fortunate as a civilization that the progress of free enterprise generally outpaces the regress of government growth , for , if that were not the case , we would be poorer each year not just in relative terms but absolutely poorer too . The market is smart and the government is dumb , and to these attributes do we owe the whole of our economic well-being .
The second part of our educational task — imagining how a market-run world would function — is much more difficult . Murray Rothbard once remarked that if the government were the only producer of shoes , most people would be unable to imagine how the market could possibly do it . How can the market accommodate all sizes ? Is n't it wasteful to produce styles for every taste ? What about fraudulent shoes and poor quality producers ? And shoes are arguably a good too important to turn over to the vicissitudes of market anarchy .
Well , so it is with many issues today , such as welfare . Among the first objections to the idea of a market society is that the poor will suffer and have no one to care for them . One response is that private charity can handle it , and yet we look around and see private charities handling comparatively small tasks . The sector just is n't big enough to pick up where government leaves off .
This is where imagination is required . The problem is that government services have crowded out private ones and reduced private-sector services below which they would be in a free market . Before the age of the welfare state , charities in the 19th century were a vast operation comparable in size to the largest industries . They expanded according to need . They were mostly provided by the churches through donations , and the ethic was there : everyone gave a portion of the family budget to the charitable sector . A nun like Mother Cabrini ran a charitable empire .
But then in the progressive era , ideology changed . Charity should be considered a public good and it should be professionalized . The state began to encroach on territory once reserved to the private sector . And as the welfare state grew throughout the 20th century , the comparative size of the private sector shrank . As bad off as we are in the US , it is nothing compared with Europe , the continent that gave birth to charitable services . Today , few Europeans donate a dime to charity , because everyone is of the belief that this is a government service , and , moreover , after taxes and high prices , there is n't much left over to donate .
It is the same in every area the government has monopolized . Until Fed-Ex and UPS came along to exploit a loophole in the letter law , people could n't imagine how the private sector could deliver mail . There are many similar blind spots today in the area of justice provision , security , schooling , medical care , monetary policy , and coinage services . People are aghast at the suggestion that the market should provide all these , but only because it requires mental experiments and a bit of imagination to see how it is possible .
Once you understand economics , the reality that everyone sees takes on a new significance . Wal-Mart is not a pariah but a glorious achievement of civilization , an institution that has finally put to rest that great fear that has pervaded all of human history : the fear that the food will run out . In fact , even the smallest products dazzle the mind once you understand the incredible complexity of the production process and how the market manages to coordinate it all toward the end of human betterment . The achievements of the market suddenly appear in sharp relief all around you .
And then you begin to see the unseen : how much more secure we would be with private security , how much more just society would be if justice were privatized , how much more compassionate we would be if the human heart were trained by private experience rather than government bureaucracies .
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr .
Proving once and for all that he really was the only true Republican in the race , the loser in the election to represent New York 's 23rd District is now sobbing that ACORN cost him the election . And apparently they pelted the teabagger candidate with nuts until he was `` forced to concede . ''
With his prospect of winning the 23rd Congressional District race now almost zero , Conservative Party candidate Douglas L. Hoffman suggested Wednesday in a letter that “ ACORN , the unions and the Democratic Party ” “ tampered ” with results to deny him victory . Mr. Hoffman provided no evidence to support his claims , but asked fellow conservatives to send donations his way to “ ensure every vote is counted. ” Jerry O. Eaton , Jefferson County Republican elections commissioner , called Mr. Hoffman 's assertion “ absolutely false . ”
Outraged teabaggers can go to Hoffman 's website and see no evidence surface -- although the URL is pretty convincing .
Give it up , Mr. Hoffman . Swallow your loss and move on .
Last week , the House passed the most restrictive abortion bill to come to a vote in Congress in the past decade .
Despite the efforts of Democrats and a few moderate Republicans who spoke out against the unconstitutional bill , which bans almost all abortions after 20 weeks , it passed 228 to 196 . This is only the latest blow in the GOP 's all-out assault on women 's reproductive rights .
Republican leadership considered the bill , called the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act , an “ appropriate ” response to the outrageous crimes of Kermit Gosnell , whose horrific abortion clinicinflicted numerous injuries and deaths . But the GOP learned the wrong lessons from the Gosnell case , which illustrates the dangers of illegal abortion and the damage that ensues when disadvantaged women without access to safe clinics are forced to put their lives in the hands of a murderer .
The bill 's scientifically unsound premise is that fetuses can feel pain . This was most helpfully articulated by right-wing Rep. Michael Burgess ( R-Tex . ) , a former OB-GYN , who argued — in an official committee hearing — that fetuses can masturbate , so they must be able to feel pain as much as they feel pleasure . Burgess may have staked out a unique place in the House 's rich oratorical history , but keep that in mind the next time Speaker John Boehner ( R-Ohio ) insists that his caucus is focused on job creation .
With Democrats controlling the Senate and the White House , the bill has no chance of becoming law . But it 's an important milestone in the House 's rightward march and a disturbing example of the lengths to which the GOP will go to pander to their base .
It 's also highly scripted political theater , with Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( R-Tenn. ) cast as the bill 's female lead .
But hiding behind a woman — especially one as anti-woman as Blackburn — is n't going to fool anybody . How can women trust a lawmaker who voted against the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act and the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act ? If you put lipstick on a sexist , she 's still a sexist .
As Rep. Diana DeGette ( D-Colo. ) said , “ The whole [ 2012 ] election was about women realizing that Republicans do n't care about their health-care decision-making. ” It seems that Republicans have yet to learn this lesson , and there 's no doubt that women will fight back .
Level-headed Republicans are nervous about the repercussions . At a time when Congress is less popular than colonoscopies , Rep. Charlie Dent ( R-Pa. ) acknowledged , “ It 's a stupid idea to bring this up . ”
Dent is worried — and it 's no wonder . A week before the legislation 's passage , during a meeting of the House Judiciary Committee — a meeting in which no women were present on the Republican side of the aisle — Rep. Trent Franks ( R-Ariz. ) opposed including exceptions for rape and incest because he claimed that the number of incidents of pregnancy after rape was “ very low. ” In a last-minute revision , Republicans added to the bill very limited exceptions for survivors of rape and incest , but they apply only if the woman reports the crime . Protecting the health of the woman was n't even on the table .
Yet , this is n't just a women 's issue . Seven out of 10 Americans support Roe v. Wade , and last week 's bill is nowhere near where the majority of Americans stand on this issue and , more broadly , on reproductive rights . Safe access to reproductive care — and the ability for women and their partners to make the most personal medical decisions with their doctors — is essential for healthy families and healthy communities .
While this bill wo n't become law anytime soon , supporters of choice would be foolish to see it as merely a symbolic gesture . Bills just like it are being enacted in states across the country . In 2011 , 92 state laws were passed restricting access to abortion . Last year , 43 bills were passed , according to the Guttmacher Institute . This year , 14 states — Alabama , Alaska , Arkansas , Colorado , Georgia , Indiana , Kansas , Missouri , Mississippi , Montana , North Dakota , Oklahoma , South Dakota and Utah — have already enacted 32 measures imposing new restrictions on abortions .
Since 2010 , after a wave of Republican electoral victories at the state level , 11 states have passed laws outlawing abortions performed at or around 22 weeks . In Georgia , Idaho and Arizona , the courts have pushed back against laws banning procedures after 18 weeks — but much more needs to be done to stop this wave of extreme measures .
The impact of these laws reverberates far beyond any given state . They chip away at women 's basic reproductive health , rights and equality and threaten Roe . They create a climate for extremists in Congress to push for ever more draconian restrictions on women 's reproductive access . They fuel the belief that women can not and should not make their own decisions about their health , their families and their lives .
Right-wing lawmakers would be wise to remember that women are not children — they 're voters . And come 2014 , they wo n't hesitate to register their disgust at the ballot box .
Read more from Katrina vanden Heuvel 's archive or follow her on Twitter .
If you were a government official , how far would you go to push back against a law you disagreed with ?
Would you openly defy the law ?
Would you be willing to violate your oath of office ?
Would you go so far as to badger those who favored enforcement of the law ?
Until today , those questions earned a shameful “ yes ” in the Newtown clerk 's office , where officials for six months illegally withheld access to death certificates after deciding their personal sense of right and wrong trumped the statutory demands of their office .
This morning , the clerks finally relented , turning over dozens of heartbreaking photocopies bearing witness to the sad duty of doctors in the Chief State Medical Examiner 's Office to apply , over and over , a clinical description to the violence that stole so many innocent lives .
As I write this , a reporter is driving back from Newtown with the documents . When they arrive , they 'll be somberly analyzed for anything that might improve our understanding of that awful day – though it 's not likely the sparse documents will do much to peel back the mystery . We will wince at the now-familiar names , and think of the parents that we have come to know , but do n't really know . We 'll do our best to avoid flashes of the terror inside that school . And then the documents will be filed , along with hundreds or thousands of other sheets of paper amassed in our investigation and coverage of this obviously important , internationally significant story . [ Update : Courant editors tell me that , following a review of the death certificates , no story will be written based on their content . ]
That is what we will do with the records . And the town should have given them to us as soon as we asked last December .
The clerks offered little pretense that their obstructionist stance was legally permissible . Indeed in written testimony to the legislature , Aileen Nosal , Newtown 's assistant town clerk and assistant registrar of vital statistics , acknowledged : “ according to current law , these death certificates are public information . ”
So Town Clerk Debbie Aurelia and at least some of her underlings took it upon themselves to break the law , flatly refusing to do what the legislature and the courts have ordered .
“ Since the tragedy in Newtown , ” Assistant Town Clerk Renee Weimann told the legislature , “ I 've been adamant about keeping the death records for those victims unavailable to the public , especially the press . ”
The clerks appeared astounded that anyone but close relatives ever seeks to review death certificates . In fact , epidemiologists , journalists and other researchers have been analyzing death records for hundreds of years . It is almost unfathomable that someone who works in the vital records arena would n't know that , and apparently knew nothing of a key Connecticut court case on public access to death records or important Freedom of Information Commission Advisory Opinion laying out the obligation of local officials in response to requests for copies of death certificates .
At the Courant , death records have proved critical in stories showing that hospitals were concealing deadly medical errors , and in a series just a few months ago linking neglect to the deaths of scores of developmentally disabled individuals under state supervision .
The clerks wanted the law on access to death certificates changed , and had they succeeded , it would have made it harder to hold institutions accountable when they fail to protect the vulnerable . Nevertheless , if the law was amended , my fellow journalists and I would have acknowledged the authority of the legislature . We would have obeyed the law .
No matter how well-intentioned the clerks may have been , none of us – and certainly not a government official – gets to pick and choose which laws we obey . As with the clerks , there are portions of the state 's freedom-of-information laws to which I strongly object . It 's outrageous , for example , that taxpayers who provide billions of dollars in salaries for the state 's public school teachers – including my wife – are barred by law from seeing routine performance evaluations .
That secrecy is bad public policy . The law ought to be changed .
Is that reason enough for me to hack into a school computer and take what I want , since , after all , I know I 'm in the right ?
One of the sad ironies here is that the death certificates contain little that the clerks , or anyone else , had reason to fear releasing . But once the media came calling , a line in the sand was drawn and the vilification began .
State Rep. Dan Carter , whose district includes part of Newtown , said releasing the death certificates “ will only fuel the painful media circus in Newtown ” – as though the pain in Newtown emanated from the barrel of a pen .
With police helicopters in the air and scores of heavily armed officers clutching assault rifles , the grounds of the Sandy Hook firehouse on Dec. 14 must surely have been a disturbing scene to the panicked children and parents . I have yet to hear it described as a “ police circus . ”
But the media , of course , make an exceptionally convenient target , as they have for thousands of years . While society has evolved , the concept of killing the messenger remains strangely appealing .
State Rep. Mitch Bolinsky piled on , calling reporters seeking the death records “ jackals. ” And months later he asserted that Aurelia 's refusal to release the death certificates did not violate state law because his bill that would change the rules was up for debate in the legislature .
“ I would argue that she is well within her rights and I support what she 's doing , ” he said .
Bolinsky may indeed have supported what Aurelia was doing , but as a lawmaker with his own oath of office , he can not seriously have been under the impression that government officials are authorized to break a current law so long as it 's possible they wo n't be breaking a future law .
Nevertheless , the legislative session adjourned last week , and our elected leaders ultimately rebuffed the efforts of Aurelia and others , passing a law that put restrictions on access to some information about Newtown , but not the death certificates .
So the democratic process had run its course . But the clerks still were n't quite ready to obey the law .
When reporters returned to obtain the records withheld six months earlier , the clerk 's office applied a level of heightened and inappropriate scrutiny that would have made the IRS blush .
Forms were rejected if the request was made in the name of a media outlet rather than an individual , and requesters were required to list their names and home addresses . Clerks demanded to know what the journalists intended to do with the information .
None of that is legal .
“ There is no statutory provision requiring a requester to give his or her name or address ( unless , of course , the requester asks that the documents be mailed ) as a condition precedent to inspecting or receiving a copy of a death or marriage certificate , ” the state 's Freedom of Information Commission wrote more than two decades ago . “ Nor is there a similar requirement that a requester state his or her relationship to the subject of the record or to state the reason for the request . ”
Those words were written after a long-ago controversy in which some local clerks were intimating that death records were available only to immediate family members . The commission made it clear that that was n't the case , and that clerks had no latitude over whether or not to obey the law as written .
“ It is the Commission 's opinion that it would constitute a violation of the FOI Act … for any registrar of vital statistics either to dishonor a request to inspect or copy death or marriage certificates or to discourage a requester from asserting his her right to such records . Indeed , the failure to comply with the law in this respect would be a violation of a public official 's sacred trust to faithfully discharge , according to law , the duties of his or her office . ”
In Newtown last week , employees in the clerk 's office discharged the duties of their office by badgering journalists lawfully doing their jobs . Indeed , employees so mistreated a young reporter from the Courant that it took a call to the town 's lawyer to secure an apology and an assurance that the antics would stop .
The clerks in Newtown , and their many supporters , are undoubtedly proud of their streak of civil disobedience . They should n't be . Newtown knows as well as any town in America the devastating toll exacted when the rule of law falls apart . How dishonorable of the clerks to react to an insane burst of lawlessness by embracing months of lawlessness all their own .
This and the following 20 papers describe the NASA Gravity Probe B Mission launched 20 April 2004 , which yielded two entirely new tests of Einstein 's theory of gravity , general relativity ( GR ) , from the frame-dragging and geodetic precessions of gyroscopes in Earth 's orbit .
In GR rotating matter drags the framework of spacetime around with it . Frame-dragging was first studied in 1918 by Lense and Thirring [ 1 ] who looked for , but could not detect , a dragging of the Moons of Jupiter . In 1959 , two years after the launch of the world 's first artificial satellite , the Russian Sputnik , Schiff [ 2 ] and Pugh [ 3 ] independently proposed searching for a related effect Ω fd on gyroscopes in Earth orbit , with an accompanying geodetic term Ω g , ~168×larger , from spacetime curvature ( the circumference of a circle around a gravitating body being < 2πr ) . In the polar orbit of figure 1 the two effects are at right angles ; taking as the gyro spin vector , Schiff found a drift rate where
Figure 1 . The two Schiff effects . North–South , East–West relativistic precessions with respect to the guide star IM Pegasi for an ideal gyroscope in polar orbit around the Earth . Download figure : Standard image High-resolution image Export PowerPoint slide G being the gravitational constant , c the velocity of light , M , I , the Earth 's mass , moment of inertia and angular velocity , r and v the radius and velocity in the orbit . Other theories , notably the once-popular Brans–Dicke scalar–tensor theory , gave different results . Frame-dragging may be viewed as a 'gravitomagnetic ' effect analogous to the magnetic field generated by a rotating electrified body . Paper 2 in this issue [ 19 ] has more on the significance of the two terms ; paper 3 [ 20 ] details constraints on one class of alternative theories .
The Schiff frame-dragging in figure 1 is 39 marc-s yr−1 , a factor of four below the 156 marc-s yr−1 Lense–Thirring effect , since the gyroscope drag reverses over the equator . In 1975 van Patten and Everitt [ 4 ] showed that while results from a single satellite measurement are limited by the much larger Newtonian effect from the Earth 's oblateness , cross-ranged data from two counter-orbiting satellites in polar paths around the Earth could give the Lense–Thirring Ω LT to 1 % . A reported result from Ciufolini and Pavlis [ 5 ] ( 2009 ) for the 19° co-inclination LAGEOS satellite depended on computing out the oblateness term to better than a part in 107 , as also in 2009 for data from the GRACE satellite [ 6 ] . A review by Iorio 'an assessment of the systematic uncertainty in present and future tests of the Lense–Thirring effect with Satellite Laser Ranging ' [ 7 ] may be consulted . For frame-dragging in astrophysics see Thorne Gravitomagnetism , Jets in Quasars , and the Stanford Gyroscope Experiment [ 8 ] , and two recent papers by Reynolds [ 9 ] .
In computing the predicted Ω fd , Ω g each quantity in equation ( 1 ) was known : the instantaneous orbit velocity and radius from GP-B 's on-board GPS detector ; the mass , moment of inertia , and angular velocity of the Earth from geophysical and astrophysical data . There were five relevant terms to consider : ( 1 ) the Ω fd frame-dragging ; ( 2 ) the Ω g geodetic effect ; ( 3 ) the 19 marc-s yr−1 de Sitter [ 10 ] effect , also geodetic , from motion around the Sun ; ( 4 ) a 7 marc-s yr−1 correction to Ω g from the oblateness of GP-B 's orbit around the Earth ; ( 5 ) the gravitational deflection of IM Pegasi 's light by the Sun , reaching 14.4 marc-s on 11 March . The Ω fd just quoted incorporates the de Sitter effect ; the Ω g includes the correction for orbit-oblateness .
The GP-B Spacecraft was a major axis spinner rolling with 77.5 s period about the line to IM Pegasi . Its main structural element was a 2441 superfluid helium Dewar , designed for 16 month on-orbit hold-time at 1.8 K , with a removable ultra-high-vacuum inner Probe holding the Science Instrument Assembly ( SIA ) . Communication to the ground took two forms : Spacecraft operations by the NASA Tracking and Data Relay Service Satellite ; high speed science data transmitted 3 to 4 times a day to stations at Svarlbad , Norway , Wallops Island , Virginia , Poker Flats , Alaska , and McMurdo Sound , Antarctica ; and thence via NASA Goddard Center to the Stanford Mission Operations Center ( MOC ) described below in section 3.3 .
GP-B hinged on nine essentials ( section 1.2 ) : three cryogenic , three met by the low-g of space , and three by spacecraft roll . These led to 12 fundamental requirements defining management and instrument layout . Consider GP-B 's uniquely exact Attitude/Translational Control system . At 642 km altitude , air drag and solar radiation pressure made a ~10−8 g acceleration on the Spacecraft . The Dewar 's boiloff gas vented through 'proportional thrusters ' , referred to one of GP-B 's four gyroscopes as a proof mass to measure the acceleration , reduced this to a mean value well below 10−10 g , making the satellite effectively drag free . Central to the gyroscope design were first low-g suspension , second an angular readout capable of resolving a 1 marc-s change in spin direction in 10 h , and third the ability to apply a spin-up torque and then switch it off by 15 orders of magnitude . Confidence was strengthened by the use of two distinct data analysis methods , referred to as Algebraic and Geometric , explained in section 4 .
1.1 . Cryogenics and the SIA
Figure 2 is the SIA , a 0.62 m long quartz block structure containing four gyroscopes two spinning clockwise and two counterclockwise , attached to GP-B 's 0.14 m aperture , 3.94 m focal length reference telescope , all subject to severe constraints on pressure , cleanliness , stability , and magnetic shielding . The total SIA length was 1.04 m. The goal was a net gyro drift-rate ~10−11 deg h−1 for a fourfold test of Ω fd , Ω g : 109 times beyond absolute rates and 106 beyond 'modeled ' rates of 1964 navigation gyroscopes . The gyroscope was a 38 mm diameter electrically suspended sphere coated with superconductor , spinning typically at 80 Hz . On Earth the voltage over the 30 μm electrode-rotor gap was 700 V ; on orbit it was 0.2 V. With torque from residual out-of-roundness of the rotor scaling as V2 , gyro drift from this cause was lowered on orbit by ~107 , with further reduction from Spacecraft roll . Central to the design of the experiment was a new form of gyroscope readout based on the London magnetic moment in the spinning superconductor . Figure 2 . Science Instrument Assembly : four gyroscopes , mounted in line within 25 μm of the telescope boresight , yielded four independent measurements of the two relativity terms Ω g , Ω fd . Download figure : Standard image High-resolution image Export PowerPoint slide
1.2 . Nine essentials for mission success
Nine essentials drove GP-B 's technologies : A . Space : ( 1 ) greatly reduced gyro drift through not having to suspend the rotors against gravity , ( 2 ) separated Ω fd and Ω g in polar orbit , increasing Ω g by 12.4 over a ground-based test , and ( 3 ) eliminated 'seeing ' in the guide star measurement . B. Cryogenics : ( 4 ) allowed the use of superconductivity for gyro readout and shielding , ( 5 ) greatly aided ultra-high vacuum operation , and ( 6 ) improved the SIA 's thermal stability . C. Roll : ( 7 ) minimized 1/ƒ noise in the gyro readout , ( 8 ) symmetrized the telescope output , and ( 9 ) provided additional averaging of certain gyro torques . The 12 fundamental design requirements that followed are listed in section 2.4 .
1.3 . Ground-based versus on-orbit testing
The SIA and gyroscopes underwent 150 000 h of ground-based testing , some cryogenic , some at room temperature , linked to a succession of on-orbit operations and tests with the flight partitioned into three phases : set-up , science , and post-science calibration . Set-up , detailed in section 3.2 , was a comprehensive 129 day learning process beginning with alignment of the rolling Spacecraft on the guidestar IM Pegasi . Science ( 352 days ) and post science calibration ( 43 days ) revealed , in addition to GR data , three surprises : ( 1 ) rapid damping of rotor polhode motions ( ~100 days versus the expected > 10 3 yr ) ;
( 2 ) a ~10 3 higher than expected misalignment torque ;
( 3 ) a roll-polhode resonance torque when the gyroscopes ' changing polhode rates came into resonance with the satellite roll . On-orbit and ground-based tests traced all three to coupling between patch charges on the rotors and housings . Spherical as they were mechanically , the rotors and housings had irregular electrical surfaces . Post-science calibration had two aspects , enhancement and modeling . Take surprise 2 , the higher than expected misalignment torque , calibrated post science by pointing the Spacecraft to stars 0.4°–7° away from IM Pegasi . Drift rates increased in known ratios ; modeling became possible , with a cross-check from the ±20.496 arc-s annual aberration in the apparent position of IM Pegasi from the Earth 's motion around the Sun . Other potential disturbing effects were checked post science by linearly increasing the offsets causing them , thereby either showing them to be negligible or providing on-orbit scaling . Take gyro readout . Required is an angle ; the measurement was a voltage . How accurate in marc-s V−1 was the scale factor ? Ground-based calibration was not easy , nor was it clear that it would survive launch . Again aberration , this time the 5.1856 arc-s orbital term from GP-B 's motion around the Earth , allowed an on orbit calibration good to 1 part in 105 . Most requirements came in pairs . Take , for example , the 'mass unbalance ' torque fδr on a not quite homogeneous rotor , f being acceleration and δr the distance between the rotor 's centers of mass and geometry . The mean transverse on-orbit f turned out to be ~4 × 10−12 g , the homogeneity needed was δr/r < 10−5 ; f was checked on orbit , δr by applying the classic Lorenz–Lorentz density/refractive index formula to ground-based measurements in a matching index refractometer developed for GP-B at the University of Aberdeen , Scotland [ 11 ] .
1.4 . Quick view of science results
Whether it 's writing for your private practice website , starting a new psychotherapy blog , or building exposure by writing guest posts , writing online can be a big boost to your career .
Unfortunately , graduate school does n't prepare you for writing for the web . If you write a blog post the same way you write an academic paper , your readers will quickly click away in search of more interesting content .
Fortunately , writing for the web is n't difficult . Here are a few tips to get you started .
Write Shorter Paragraphs
People have shorter attention spans on the internet . It takes seconds for them to close your page and open another one , and so you have to work hard to keep their attention .
This means that you should write short paragraphs . Long paragraphs look like a chore to read , and tempt the reader to click over to another page that is less demanding . But short paragraphs offer the reader a sense of accomplishment – because every paragraph they finish feels like a success .
In general , you should try to make a new paragraph every 2-4 lines ( with the occasional longer paragraph if necessary ) . You can still write in long chunks if that 's what you 're comfortable with , but then go back and add line breaks whenever one idea changes into another .
Use Section Headings
Section headings help your writing look professional and inviting .
For instance , check out my social skills guide on asking good questions . I split that page into three different sections , and have big section headings to show the reader where they 're at on the page . That makes my guide easier to read , and more visually appealing to boot .
As a general rule , try to have at least 2-3 different section headings on each page or blog post . You can either add the headings in as you write , or go back and add them in after you 've finished . This will make your writing look more organized and make readers more interested in reading .
Use Bullet Points
Benefits of bullet points :
They 're easy to skim
They add visual variety to your posts
They are an effective way to organize information
Avoid Jargon
The average lay reader does n't have a clear understanding of what terms like “ Person-Centered orientation ” or “ psychometrically valid assessment ” mean . So avoid using them unless you 're writing for a professional audience .
If you do decide to use technical terms , at least define them . It 's not hard to say “ I 'm a psychodynamic therapist , which means… [ explain your orientation in plain language ] . ” A good rule of thumb is to ask a non-therapist friend to read through your writing and let you know if anything is confusing .
Use Images
A few images go a long way towards grabbing your readers ' attention . They make your writing look more professional and ( more importantly ) they help you fight against the constant temptation to click away .
So add photos into your writing . You might include one photo at the top of the article , or sprinkle smaller photos throughout the page .
How do you find images ? Well , you need to be careful , because most of the photos you find on Google Images are copyright protected . While it 's unlikely you 'll be caught , you want to be ethical . So it 's important to use images that are legally free for anyone to use .
The easiest way is to use a site like Pixabay.com or Unsplash.com . Both sites allow you to search a big collection of totally free images . If you need more , Google for “ attribution free images ” or do some research on finding Creative Commons images .
Once you 've found a good source of free images , here are a few things to keep in mind :
Look for images that relate to what you 're writing about . The connection does n't need to be very strong – if you 're going to write an article about mindfulness exercises , you do n't actually need a photo of a therapist teaching someone mindfulness . You could just have a photo of a calm nature scene , or a relaxed person , or something like that . Pick images that are appealing to look at . This means that you should choose photos that are high-resolution , not blurry , etc . But this also means that you should avoid images that are shocking or upsetting . If you want to write a post about self-harm , do n't include a photo of someone 's self-harm injury ! Make sure that your website is visually appealing in general – adding a good image to an ugly website will still result in an ugly website . I 've written a quick guide on some web design tips for therapists that you can use to spruce up your site 's visual appeal .
Write Often
The more you write for the web , the more success you 'll find . Nobody is going to read your blog if it only has one post .
So build a writing habit . Marketing guru ( and prolific blogger ) Seth Godin recommends the following strategy to get you started :
Start an anonymous blog somewhere – do n't put your name on it . This will give you the freedom to take risks without worrying about the consequences . Write ten posts on this anonymous blog . Your posts can be about whatever you want . Experiment with different styles of posts , different topics , etc . After you 've written ten posts , choose if you want to put your name on the blog , keep publishing anonymously , or start a brand-new writing project .
I recommend trying to write all ten posts within a month . This is frequent enough that you can build a habit , but not so frequent that it becomes overwhelming .
Dream Big
Five years ago , I published my first blog post . This year , I published my third full-length book .
You might not feel like a writer . When I started , I definitely did n't .
But I started anyway .
You have the same opportunity . Your life experience and psychological training are worth sharing . Your words have power .
Start writing .
Over a year ago , we suffered the most significant financial collapse since the Great Depression , and the result of that is massive unemployment and underemployment . People lost their savings . People lost their homes . Now , despite the greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street , there is a massive effort to make sure that Congress does nothing about it . You know what ? That might end up being the result .
How does it happen that Wall Street was able to convince Congress to deregulate their industry , to be in a position to bring the economy down ? How does it happen that they are able to fend off serious efforts in Congress to try to re-regulate the financial institutions to protect the American people ? Here 's the answer : In the last 10 years , Wall Street and big financial institutions have spent over $ 5 billion in campaign contributions and in lobbying activities . It does n't matter whether you are a Democrat or a Republican ; if you have any influence they are going to go after you .
How is it that we pay , by far , the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs ? How does that happen that we are the only country on earth that does n't in one way or another regulate the cost of drugs to prevent the reality that when you walk into the drug store tomorrow the price you are paying may in fact be doubled . It may have something to do with the fact that since 1998 the pharmaceutical industry has spent over $ 1.6 billion on lobbying and they employ over 1,100 lobbyists -- more than two lobbyists for every member of Congress .
What about health care ? How is it that we are the only country in the industrialized world that does not have a national health care plan guaranteeing health care to all people ? How is it that in the health care bill that 's now being debated in the Finance Committee the private insurance companies and the drug companies are doing pretty well ? Might it have something to do with the fact that since 1990 , the health care industry has spent over $ 850 million dollars in campaign contributions ?
Why is it that we have record breaking defense budgets despite the end of the Cold War ? Well , over the last decade the defense industry has spent more than $ 447 million on lobbying and made $ 144 million in campaign contributions .
Big Oil is the same story . Exxon-Mobil makes record-breaking profits . Working people pay very high prices at the gas pump . Do you think that has something to do that the oil and gas industry has spent more than $ 830 million dollars on lobbying and $ 240 million in campaign contributions over the past two decades ?
On and on it goes . The reality of Washington , to a very significant degree , is that those people who have the money are able to influence public policy . Big money controls the agenda . If you do n't have the money , you get to the end of the line .
That 's the reality today . It could get worse . Right now , the Supreme Court is considering a case that could be used to open the coffers of all the big corporations to directly fund campaign ads in this country . So you would not just be dealing with political action committees and lobbyists , you would have to deal with the treasuries of large corporations .
This is a huge issue . The antidote , in my view , is public funding of elections so that everybody has the opportunity to run for office without having to be beholden to powerful special interests . We have begun to see progress at the statewide level . But if you are concerned about public policy in general in this country , health care , the environment , whatever it may be , we have got to pay attention to the power of big money .
The Siege of Pelium was undertaken by Alexander the Great against the Illyrian tribes of what is modern-day Albania . It was critical for Alexander to take this pass as it provided easy access to Illyria and Macedonia , which was urgently needed in order to quell the unrest in Greece at this time in Athens and Thebes . This was an important point of demarcation in Alexander 's early reign , as it established him among the Danubian tribes to the north as a serious monarch to be reckoned with , just as he would later establish this precedent for the Greek city states under his hegemony . Taking this place allowed Alexander to march his army to southern Greece quickly , which would eventually result in the total destruction of Thebes .
Background [ edit ]
News of the Illyrian revolt under Cleitus the Dardanian , and King Glaukias of the Taulantii first reached the ears of Alexander while he was campaigning on the Danube against some of the northern tribes that his father , Philip II of Macedon had previously reduced to a satisfactory level of subjection , although not outright submission . As this area had been far from the Greek theatre of operations , Phillip had been satisfied with the level of subjection he had reduced them to .
Alexander was immediately concerned about the news of this revolt , as the settlement of Pelium itself occupied one of the most important passes between Illyria and Macedonia . As a result of this , Alexander would have to make a long march around a mountain range to the south , and then into Illyria . In addition to this , without access to this crucial pass , Alexander could be cut off from Greece , which had freshly revolted , and would eventually do so again , with aid of the Great King . The loss of this pass , and the resultant long march would give the Greek city states to the south ample time to prepare for Alexander 's arrival while he was reducing the Illyrians .
An ally of Alexander offered aid to him by protecting his flank from Illyrian tribes while he marched towards Pelium . Langarus , of the Agrianians , made frequent incursions into the country of the Autariatae , and managed to put them on guard sufficiently to allow Alexander to march by in relative peace . Having successfully made this march , Alexander arrived to find Cleitus the Dardanian in control of Pelium and awaiting the arrival of King Glaukias with reinforcements . [ 1 ] When Alexander arrived , Cleitus reportedly sacrificed three boys , three girls , and three black rams before meeting the Macedonians . [ 1 ]
Opening [ edit ]
Alexander arrived with 15,000 soldiers and determined to attack Pelium at once , as he hoped to take the place out of hand before King Glaukias could arrive and reinforce Cleitus . The first thing Alexander did upon arriving was set up the Macedonian camp . [ 1 ]
The Macedonians found that not only was Pelium itself held , which commanded the plateau , but the heights surrounding the Plain of Pelium was held in force . Upon completing the camp , Alexander resolved to attack the troops of Cleitus that were surrounding the heights . This he did with some effect , and as a result of this assault the Illyrians retreated within the walls of Pelium . [ 1 ]
Alexander then attempted to take the town by assault , but failing in this , [ 1 ] he started to erect circumvallation and contravallation around Pelium . This , however , was interrupted by the arrival of Glaukias and his reinforcements the next day , which compelled Alexander to retreat from the heights that he had captured the day before .
Battle and siege [ edit ]
Having been forced back into the plain itself by King Glaukias , Alexander was in now a perilous situation . He was outnumbered by the Illyrians , who were free to gather supplies . Not only that , but Alexander was anxious to take Pelium quickly before Thebes and Athens could seriously consider imperiling Macedonian hegemony . [ 2 ] Therefore , not only did Alexander have pressing issues elsewhere , but the Illyrian forces were determined to annihilate Alexander 's forces , and could afford to wait .
Being short of supplies , Alexander sent Philotas , one of his lieutenants , out to forage for materials . King Glaukias witnessed this force leaving , and pursued and attacked the foragers . However , Alexander was - with some difficulty - able to fend off the attackers and extricate his hypaspists , Agrianians and bowmen .
Seeking to seize his line of retreat before putting his shoulder to the siege , Alexander desired to attack the heights that commanded the defile through which he had come . This defile was small , and only four men could march through it abreast . [ 3 ] He drew up some of his infantry and cavalry in front of the settlement of Pelium itself to defend this maneuver from being attacked by a sortie from Cleitus . [ 4 ] He then drew up his phalanx , one hundred and twenty men deep [ 4 ] , with 200 cavalry on either flank , and arranged his soldiers to perform close-order drills down on the plain , in full view of the Illyrians , in complete silence . As Peter Green describes :
At given signals the great forest of sarissas would rise to the vertical 'salute ' position , and then dip horizontally as for battle-order . The bristling spear-line swung now right , now left , in perfect unison . The phalanx advanced , wheeled into column and line , moved through various intricate formations as though on the parade-ground - all without a word being uttered . The barbarians had never seen anything like it . From their positions in the surrounding hills they stared down at this weird ritual , scarcely able to believe their eyes . Then , little by little , one straggling group after another began to edge closer , half-terrified , half-enthralled . Alexander watched them , waiting for the psychological moment . Then , at last , he gave his final pre-arranged signal . The left wing of the cavalry swung into wedge formation , and charged . At the same moment , every man of the phalanx beat his spear on his shield , and from thousands of throats there went up the terrible ululating Macedonian war-cry - 'Alalalalai ! ' - echoing and reverberating from the mountains . This sudden , shattering explosion of sound , especially after the dead stillness which had preceded it , completely unnerved Glaucias ' tribesmen , who fled back in wild confusion from the foothills to the safety of their fortress . Peter Green , Alexander of Macedon , 356-323 B.C . ( 1991 ) [ 5 ]
The Macedonian forces took the heights overlooking Pelium . During this engagement , not a single Macedonian armored soldier was killed . [ 6 ] However , deaths among light troops were usually not reported , and it is unknown whether any were killed in this instance . [ 6 ]
There were still some Illyrian light infantry on the heights that commanded the ford , and it was critical for Alexander to seize these heights in order to gain control of the entire plain . Before engaging in battle , Alexander decided to re-establish his camp on the far side of the river near the ford in order to ensure the security of both his operations and his camp . However , in the process of doing so he ran the danger of being engaged in the rear while his troops were crossing the river . The Illyrians indeed attacked him , perceiving his army to be retreating . So he ordered his troops to turn around to simulate an advance , while initiating a charge with his companion cavalry . Meanwhile , he also ordered his archers to turn around and fire their arrows from mid-stream . [ 7 ] Having gained a place of relative security on the far side of the river , Alexander was able to freely supply his army and await reinforcements . Before reinforcements arrived , however , Macedonian scouts reported that they observed the Illyrians becoming careless in protecting the settlement , as they thought Alexander was in retreat . [ 6 ]
Acting on this intelligence , Alexander awaited the arrival of night , and then rushed ahead without awaiting the crossing of his complete force , leading his archers , his shield-bearing guards , the Agrianians , and the brigade of Coenus as the leading unit . He then rushed down upon the defenders with his Agrianians and archers , who were formed in phalanx formation . Many of the Illyrians were still asleep , and were taken completely by surprise . A great slaughter followed ; many of the Illyrians were also captured . [ 8 ]
Result [ edit ]
As a result of this siege , Alexander gained Pelium , and built a fresh outpost there , as the Illyrians had burnt the settlement that had previously been situated there . [ 8 ] The Illyrians begged for terms , and Alexander was happy to accept their submission and allow them to swear fealty to him anew . Having completed his conquest , Alexander had established himself as a new monarch to be revered , and was now free to march south to Boeotia and deal with the threat from Thebes and Athens .
Notes [ edit ]
a b c d e Dodge , 201 ^ Dodge , 198 ^ Dodge , 202 a b Dodge , 204 ^ Green , p.132-133 a b c Dodge , 206 ^ Dodge , 205 a b Dodge , 208
BNP unveil Dagenham candidate for general election 2015
Tess Culnane Archant
The far-right British National Party ( BNP ) have unveiled a parliamentary candidate for Dagenham and Rainham , five years after ex-leader Nick Griffin was soundly beaten in the borough .
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
Former BNP leader Nick Griffin ( left ) failed to take ( right ) Margaret Hodge 's Labour seat in Barking at the 2010 general election . Former BNP leader Nick Griffin ( left ) failed to take ( right ) Margaret Hodge 's Labour seat in Barking at the 2010 general election .
Mother of four , and grandmother to “ numerous ” , building secretary Tess Culnane from Forest Hill , Lewisham , claims the party is in a better shape than they were in 2010 .
Mr Griffin , who quit the BNP last year , challenged Margaret Hodge 's Barking seat in the last general election , finishing third with 6,620 votes – behind the Conservatives 's 8,073 , and 24,628 Labour votes .
At the end of the count Mrs Hodge delivered a stinging attack on the BNP saying : “ The message of Barking to the BNP is clear , get out and stay out .
“ You are not wanted here and your vile politics have no place in British democracy . ”
Currently in her seventies , although declining to be any more specific , Mrs Culnane joined the BNP 35 years ago before switching to rival far-right group the National Front shortly after the last election – unsuccessfully standing in the 2008 Haltemprice and Howden by-election in Humberside .
Insisting her allegiance change was down to dissatisfactions with Mr Griffin , Mrs Culnane has no reservations about the BNP returning to Barking and Dagenham .
“ The party 's changed since the last election , ” she told the Post . “ The British National Party had very little to do with me at that time .
“ I left because I was n't happy with Nick Griffin , but it 's a new party now , much more to my suiting with some very strong policies .
“ I originally joined this party because I could see the downfall of this country and that 's why I 'm standing . ”
Once dubbed a “ neo Nazi granny ” by opponents , according to the Standard in 2010 , Mrs Culnane insists the label was not well-received .
“ It was very upsetting , ” she added . “ Members of my family were bombed and maimed by the Nazis .
“ You can call me anything , within reason , but you will never be able to call me a traitor to this country . ”
Hospitals and clinics in Yemen have faced continuing , `` deliberate '' attacks , an appalling trend that `` disrespects the neutrality of health facilities '' in war , the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) said Tuesday .
Nearly 100 hospitals throughout Yemen have been attacked since March , the ICRC said , with the most recent airstrike hitting a clinic on Sunday in the southern city of Taiz—one the country 's most populous regions , which has been under heavy fire for months . The shelling of Al-Thawra hospital in the south came just weeks after a Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières ( MSF ) clinic was hit in Haydan , in the north .
`` Al-Thawra hospital , one of the main health care facilities in Taiz which is providing treatment for about 50 injured people every day was reportedly shelled several times on Sunday . The shelling endangered the lives of patients and staff on site , '' Kedir Awol Omar , the deputy head of the ICRC delegation in Yemen , said on Tuesday . `` The neutrality of healthcare facilities and staff is not being respected . Health facilities are deliberately attacked and surgical and medical supplies are also being blocked from reaching hospitals in areas under siege . ''
Airstrikes on medical clinics are `` a flagrant violation of international humanitarian law , '' ICRC said .
MSF also said on Tuesday that it has been unable to deliver essential medical aid to two hospitals stationed in a particular volatile corner of Taiz , where almost half of health facilities face an influx of wounded patients along with a scarcity in supplies .
`` A large part of the population of Taiz is displaced within the city , '' said Karline Kleijer , MSF 's emergency manager for Yemen . `` They are battling for their survival on a daily basis , and fighting to get hold of sufficient food and water , due to the steep cost of basic necessities and the prevailing insecurity . ''
`` The situation in Taiz is dramatic and will only get worse in the coming weeks if no efforts are made to spare civilians from the violence and allow them to access basic services , including health facilities , '' Kleijer said .
Saudi officials have not responded to the most recent bombing , but they denied being aware that the October airstrikes in Haydan had targeted a clinic .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
`` Saudi authorities are denying the evident truth of having destroyed a hospital , '' said Laurent Sury , head of MSF emergency operations . `` This is an alarming sign for the Yemeni people and for those trying to assist them . How are we to draw lessons from what happened when all we face are denials ? How can we continue to work without any form of commitment that civilian structures will be spared ? ''
Amnesty International in October demanded an independent investigation of the bombing in Haydan , which it said could amount to a war crime . Further , the humanitarian aid group noted that while Saudi Arabia is leading the coalition , the U.S. is among the nations arming the coalition .
`` The USA and other states exporting weapons to any of the parties to the Yemen conflict have a responsibility to ensure that the arms transfers they authorize are not facilitating serious violations of international humanitarian law , '' said Donatella Rovera , Amnesty 's senior crisis response adviser . `` Lack of accountability has contributed to the worsening crisis and unless perpetrators believe they will be brought to justice for their crimes , civilians will continue to suffer the consequences . ''
`` The world 's indifference to the suffering of Yemeni civilians in this conflict is shocking , '' Rovera said .
Meanwhile , MSF 's Kleijer on Sunday published testimony from her most recent visit to Taiz , describing the devastating impacts of the siege by warring factions and the unrelenting intervention of military forces .
`` A lot of airstrikes happen at night , '' Kleijer wrote . `` Lying in your bed , you hear the planes circling above the city , then you hear the whistle of a bomb falling , and then you brace yourself for the impact . You hope it 's not your building that going to be hit . And then it hits another building , not your house , so as well as being frightened , you 're also relieved . ''
`` The noise of the airstrikes is so loud and intense that you can actually feel it in your bones , '' Kleijer wrote . `` This is what people have been going through every night , for months on end ... everything is touched by the war : the children have a game called 'One two three airstrike ' in which they all fling themselves to the ground . ''
Bastille Day celebrations in the southern French city of Nice turned to tragedy when a lorry was deliberately driven into a crowd , reportedly killing 84 people and injuring a further 50 , with 18 people in a critical condition .
A lone attacker , reported in French media to be Tunisian-born local Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel , staged the terror attack on the Promenade des Anglais during a firework display .
Thousands of people have been paying tribute to those killed and injured in the horrific Bastille Day attack in Nice by sharing cartoons on social media , using the hashtags # PrayForNice and # JeSuisNice .
Le Monde artist Plantu drew a crying dove of peace in the middle of a map of France , with a black band covering the bleeding south-east corner .
Brazilian political cartoonist Carlos Latuff drew a baby next to a covered body , based on the photo of a doll lying next to a covered body in Nice . Some people are also recirculating a cartoon drawn by Latuff after the Paris attacks in November 2015 , with dead bodies covered by a bleeding French Tricolore .
IBTimes UK publishes some of the most powerful cartoons paying tribute those killed in the Nice Bastille Day attacks here .
One of Willie Rennie 's lesser known talents is that he 's a pretty good hill runner , doing well on steep slopes , picking his path through obstacles .
That determination , energy and focus was put to good use in the impressive constituency wins he and his new colleague Alex Cole-Hamilton scored in North East Fife and Edinburgh Western . Not only did they win , but they took seats off the ascendant SNP , with comfortable majorities .
In Orkney and Shetland the incumbent Liberal Democrats Liam McArthur and Tavish Scott secured huge swings against the SNP to win two-thirds of votes .
Those considerable successes were rendered bittersweet by the Greens securing one seat more than the Liberal Democrats overall and the disappointment that Alison McInnes and Jim Hume , who both achieved notable successes in the last parliament , are no longer MSPs .
Willie should not be downhearted though . He has ended the Liberal Democrats ' decline . Overall the party 's share of the vote and number of seats are the same as 2011 , a real success when compared to their dire results in the 2015 general election . Privately , Willie always had a two-election strategy . This year was about rehabilitation , making the party acceptable to voters again , rebuilding in areas of traditional strength and developing his own reputation and credibility . He has done all of that in his own distinctive , enthusiastic style .
In 2021 the Liberal Democrats will be aiming to secure more MSPs , looking both to former liberal heartlands like the Highlands and Aberdeenshire , and to winning back list seats in the Borders and Glasgow . By then , a second independence referendum will either have happened , which seems unlikely , or receded considerably in political relevance . Strategically , Willie will need to work out how to win back voters from the SNP , the Greens and the Tories .
In that task Willie will have an advantage he did n't possess in the last parliament . Nicola Sturgeon 's announcement that she will lead a minority government will force the SNP to seek support from other parties on an issue-by-issue basis . Many assume the Greens will be their allies , but they have moved to the hard left , uncomfortable territory for the SNP .
On Thursday , Willie was confirmed as the leader the Liberal Democrats needed . He achieved all that could have been expected and more . And he has laid the foundations for substantial advances in 2021 .
• Sam Ghibaldan is a former Liberal Democrat special adviser
Who knew there was so much money in dark energy ?
Two teams of astronomers who discovered that the universe is apparently being blown apart by a mysterious something called dark energy had already shared a Nobel Prize and the $ 1 million Shaw Prize , among other honors . Now they have won the richest science prize of all .
On Sunday night they were handed the $ 3 million Fundamental Physics Prize , an award established by the Russian Internet investor and philanthropist Yuri Milner in a quest to make science as glitzy as rock 'n ' roll .
The award to the astronomers is part of the 2015 Breakthrough Prizes , 12 in all , totaling $ 36 million , announced Sunday night at a black-tie gala in Mountain View , Calif. , hosted by Seth MacFarlane .
In addition to the physics prize , six scientists were awarded Life Sciences Prizes for work on such topics as the regulation of genes and treating Parkinson 's disease . Five mathematicians named as winners during the summer were also honored . Each of those prizes are $ 3 million .
Google Is Launching Its Drone Delivery Service In 2017
When it comes to innovation , Google is ahead of the curve . They 've been testing things like the internet balloon project , which hopes to give everyone on the planet internet through these floating internet balloons . Google Glass , which was a wearable computer device… that did n't exactly pan out the way they wanted it to . But now they are testing something they call “ Project Wing. ” This project hopes to be a drone delivery service put into the air by 2017 .
Related Drone Content : The US Government Will Require Everybody To Register Their Drones
Google hopes to launch delivery drones to ship products and services to your door within 30 minutes of your order . We 've all seen the Amazon Prime drones delivery service commercial , but that sorta fizzled and was quickly forgotten . Google hopes to be the first one to actually do it .
“ Our goal is to have commercial business up and running in 2017 , ” said David Vos , project leader , during the announcement . But there have been little detail how Google can roll out something this massive in such a short period of time . How big of a package can the drones carry ? Can I order a grand piano and expect a drone the size of a helicopter to airlift it to my front lawn in 30 minutes ? Doubt it . The rumor from the BBC is that Google 's project Wing octocopters — secretly developed by Google 's X Lab — could ferry 2.3kg of goods to customers within 30 minutes of an order being placed .
So no grand pianos , but maybe a few video games and a juicer . If they can pull this off , expect to see a sky full of drones delivering things to you neighbors by 2017 .
( Via The Tech Portal )
Follow Jeff Sorensen on TWITTER
Jeff Sorensen is an author , writer and occasional comedian living in Detroit , Michigan . You can look for more of his work on The Huffington Post , UPROXX , BGR and by just looking up his name .
Contact : jeff @ socialunderground.com
Photo by Autumn Andel
Thom Yorke recently sat down with Italy 's La Repubblica for a wide-ranging interview . Among the topics discussed : the status of Radiohead 's next album , his feelings on the band 's back catalog , and his involvement in environmental advocacy , including this week 's Pathway to Paris awareness concert .
Most interesting , however , were Yorke 's comments on YouTube . His venom toward Spotify is well documented , but it appears there 's no love lost between the Radiohead frontman and the wildly popular video platform either . Asked how he discovers new music , Yorke responded , “ Mostly with Boomkat … I certainly do not use YouTube. ” He then noted his love for ad block , because it allows him to skip YouTube ads that he 's not being fairly compensated for .
“ A friend of mine told me about this app to skip commercials on YouTube … They put advertising before any content , making a lot of money and yet , artists are not paid or are paid smalls sums , and apparently this is fine for them . ”
He went on to liken the practices of YouTube and its parent company Google to that of Nazi Germany . “ All I know is that they make money from the work of many artists who do not derive any benefit . Service providers make money : Google , YouTube . A lot of money . ‘ Oh , sorry , it was yours ? Now it is ours . No , no , we are joking , it is always yours , ' They seize it . It 's like what the Nazis did during the Second World War . In fact they all did that during the war , the British too : steal the art from other countries . What 's the difference ? ” For what it 's worth , YouTube says it 's paid out $ 1 billion to music business over the last few years .
( Read : Thom Yorke In His Own Words : Radiohead Frontman 's Best Quotes )
Regarding the status of Radiohead 's follow-up to The King of Limbs , Yorke maintained it 's “ not yet ready , ” adding , “ And , anyways , I could not say if it was . It would get me into trouble . Anyways , no , it 's not ready . ”
He said the cryptic messages posted to Twitter are “ just notes ” that may or may not appear on the next album . Mostly , though , it 's just jibberish . “ They were mostly things that I had written during a past discussion about Spotify in response to a troll . I started to think , to write things like , ‘ another day at the office ' , because people are always writing things like that on social media . They were tweets that took inspiration from this . ”
Asked if releasing his solo LP Tomorrow 's Modern Boxes through BitTorrent was a “ successful experiment , ” Yorke responded , “ No , not exactly . But I wanted it to be an experiment . It was a reaction to everything that was going on . People always and only spoke about Spotify . I wanted to show that , in theory , today one could follow the entire chain of record production , from start to finish , on his own . But in practice it is very different . We can not be burdened with all of the responsibilities of the record label . But I 'm glad I did it , for having tried to. ” According to data released by BitTorrent , 4.5 million people had downloaded the bundle release as of February 2015 .
Also fascinating were Yorke 's thoughts on his past work . He said he only listens to old Radiohead songs when preparing to perform them live . He said of his reaction to hearing this material , “ Who the hell are these people ? Was I really like this ? I do n't totally remember doing all of this . But this also happens with the more recent stuff . While replaying my first solo album , The Eraser , I say , ‘ I do not remember this person ' ” .
Additionally , in the interview Yorke revealed that he 's obsessed with Japanese metal band Boris , and contrary to popular belief , he does not practice his dance moves beforehand . “ No , I 'm a terrible dancer . I improvise . As a boy I loved to dance . Today I do yoga . One or two hours a day . I need it to regenerate myself , to help me to face the difficulties of life. ” Needless to say , Radiohead 's next album should be interesting .
Thanks to Ellyn Matta for the translation
TruTV has ordered an untitled comedy series from comedian Amy Sedaris , the cable channel announced Saturday .
The series will be a mash-up of the hospitality , variety and talk show formats . Sedaris will employ her homemaking skills as she focuses on a particular theme in each episode — topics such as fish , wood , and grieving . Season one will consist of 10 episodes .
“ I 've been doing this show in my head for years . It will be terrific to get it on TV so I can free up some wiggle room up in my skull , ” said Sedaris .
Sedaris is the co-creator with Stephen Colbert and Paul Dinello of the Comedy Central series “ Strangers With Candy. ” She is also author of two books , “ I Like You : Hospitality Under the Influence ” and “ Simple Times : Crafts for Poor People . ”
“ It only took one meeting for us to want this show out of Amy 's head and on our air , ” said Marissa Ronca , executive vice president and head of programming for truTV . “ Amy is a creative genius who , throughout her career , has created authentic , original characters and worlds that comedy fans like us have loved . We 're incredibly excited to bring her specific and hilarious brand of comedy to truTV . ”
The series is produced by PFFR . Executive producers are Sedaris , Alyson Levy , John Lee and Vernon Chatman
( CNN ) Todd Vance was serving in the US Army when the September 11 attacks occurred .
`` I decided to re-enlist for another three years , '' he said . `` And I asked to be part of the first deployed unit to Iraq . ''
Vance served as a squad leader and ran more than 250 combat missions before returning to San Diego in 2005 .
`` At first , it was all elation . I was just happy to be alive and happy to be out of the military , '' he said . `` Slowly but surely , reality was setting in about what I had seen and what I had done . ''
Facing his own battle
About six months after returning home , Vance began encountering his own personal issues .
Todd Vance joined the Army his junior year of high school and served as a squad leader in Iraq .
`` I turned into a recluse . I was drinking too much . Basically anything that would either produce an extreme adrenaline rush or numb my adrenaline rush and the hypervigilance and anxiety I was having , '' he said .
Vance went to the Veterans Affairs center for counseling . He was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and sent home with a shopping bag of medications , including mood enhancers , sleeping pills and anti-anxiety meds .
Along with drinking , he started abusing the prescriptions he had been given .
`` I 'm glad my family ended up telling me I needed to seek professional help , '' Vance said .
He went to therapy and decided to go back to school . But it was n't until he got involved with mixed martial arts that his life began to change .
`` Martial arts 100 % saved my life , '' he said .
Fighting for veterans at home
Vance , who had been a professional Muay Thai fighter in high school , started training at the local MMA gym .
`` It gave me the structure , the discipline , the camaraderie , the routine that I needed to have in my life that I was missing so much from the military , '' he said . `` Before training , I had no reason not to drink until 3 in the morning . I was training six days a week , often two times a day , and eating clean . ''
Vance , bottom right , re-enlisted in the Army after the attacks on 9/11 .
Vance finished community college and enrolled at Point Loma Nazarene University , where he earned a degree in social work .
`` I realized I had a passion for working with and for military veterans , '' he said .
He decided to pay it forward and start an organization that uses mixed martial arts to help veterans overcome PTSD and other challenges adapting back to civilian life .
`` If a veteran is happy and content with their daily life , they may or may not be drawn to a program like this . But somebody who is facing anxiety and post-traumatic stress and all those different issues , they 'll probably be here , '' he said .
'Focused on technique and fitness '
The program started off as a veteran competition team and became a nonprofit in 2012 . Vance called it P.O.W . , short for Pugilistic Offensive Warrior Tactics .
`` It plays on ( the term ) prisoner of war because when you come home from combat , you 're a prisoner of your own personal war , '' he said .
It may seem counterintuitive that a `` violent '' sport like MMA is helping people cope from the violence of war . Vance disagrees .
`` Martial arts is focused on technique and fitness . ... We have served more than 275 veterans , and all the success stories we have is a testament to the effectiveness of the program , '' he said . `` We see people get right out of the military , they 're young , they 're a mess , they do n't have any employment or social skills . Two or three years later , they are working on their master 's degree . ''
The program offers free mixed martial arts classes for veterans three times a week at the Undisputed Downtown gym in San Diego . But it 's also group therapy disguised as MMA .
Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter .
`` We offer peer-to-peer coaching , support and counseling , '' he said . `` We 're doing a lot of exposure and vulnerability sharing to where they can start to feel normal around a group of people . ''
MMA helps veterans stay calm , think critically in stressful situations and move on , Vance said .
`` It helps people that have anxiety and depression and who are dealing with trauma to be present in the moment , '' he said .
At the end of each class , he also incorporates yoga to help the veterans clear their mind and leave with a clean slate .
Vance recently conducted a study of 30 participants over a one-year period . The results showed a 90 % improvement in physical health ; 80 % improvement in coping with stress and symptoms of PTSD ; and a 100 % improvement in reducing the feelings of isolation .
'They want to help you do better '
Joshua Tanida , who takes the martial arts classes , served as an engineer in the US Navy for four years . About six months before he was discharged , he began suffering from depression , low self-esteem and low self-worth .
`` I started losing a lot of drive to do anything , '' he said . `` I just felt distant from everyone . Like nothing really mattered . ''
Tanida went to the VA for counseling in 2014 and joined the program a year later .
`` They help build you up as a person and build your self-esteem , '' he said . `` They know how you feel firsthand , and they want to help you do better . ... I 'm a whole different person than I used to be . ''
Vance said it 's the best feeling to know that he 's helping others .
`` It 's so therapeutic for me to be able to revisit things that bothered me in the past and to help a younger veteran process that stuff and to get them on track . ''
Pamela was at work when she got the frantic call from her husband . Someone had shattered the front-door glass at their Lower Garden District home .
The intruder or intruders had plenty of time to clear the house of valuables in the four hours between the time the couple left for work and when her husband returned home for lunch that December afternoon .
But except for three pieces of jewelry left near a computer , the only possessions taken in the break-in were the six firearms in her husband 's gun collection - two AK-47s , three rifles and a shotgun - an assemblage , 10 years in the making , built on a love of war history and shooting .
`` I definitely think the target was the guns , '' said Pamela , 43 , who asked that her last name be withheld for her safety . `` There were definitely things that were passed up . ''
Their guns were among 604 firearms reported stolen to New Orleans police in 2016 , according to department records requested by The Times-Picayune . Authorities say these stolen firearms help supply the arsenal fueling violence across the New Orleans area .
`` We are fighting illegal guns every day , '' said NOPD Deputy Chief Paul Noel . `` People get guns a bunch of different ways , '' he added , but stolen guns are `` a huge conduit . ''
'We can not leave firearms in our vehicle '
The 604 firearms reported stolen last year represent a 19 percent increase from 2015 - the real totals , however , are higher than experts and law enforcement believe more than half of all stolen guns are never reported .
A 2016 Times-Picayune investigation titled `` The Gun Pipeline '' combed data from multiple law enforcement agencies to document the extent of stolen firearms in New Orleans and surrounding areas , and how those weapons were used to commit crimes .
Nearly half of last year 's reported stolen guns were left in vehicles , police data show .
`` We can not leave firearms in our vehicle , and we absolutely can not leave firearms in unsecured vehicles , '' Noel said . `` If you 're a gun owner , you need to be a responsible gun owner . The responsibility of owning a gun comes with properly locking and securing that firearm - not leaving it loose in your vehicle . ''
In some cases , multiple guns were taken from the same vehicle . On Nov. 9 , for example , two New Orleans police officers were called about 8:35 a.m. to investigate an auto theft at a business on Chef Menteur Highway , near the Industrial Canal . According to the incident 's report , the vehicle 's owner said he parked his Honda SUV in an employee parking lot at 4:45 p.m. the previous day .
The owner told the officer he left the SUV unlocked and the keys on the dashboard , the report states . Inside were three guns : a $ 500 Mossberg rifle , a $ 500 Marlin rifle and a Ruger pistol valued at $ 525 . Nearly 15 hours later , the report states , the owner returned to the employee lot to find his Honda missing .
The two officers pulled surveillance video that showed a man stopping `` briefly '' at the lot 's guard shack before he `` walked straight '' to the Honda SUV , the police report states . He got in the driver 's seat and pulled the car out of the lot , heading east on Chef Menteur Highway , according to the report .
The report does n't indicate if the officers questioned the SUV owner about leaving the vehicle unlocked and the keys in the dashboard .
'What more can you do ? '
In the three months since their Lower Garden District home was burglarized , Pamela and her husband have purchased an alarm system , a security camera and a backup alarm system . They have not started building a new gun collection , though she said they plan to at some point , but probably not until they live `` more out of the city . ''
`` There 's that sense of : You love guns . You 're a responsible gun owner . Everything 's legal . You have permits , you take lessons , '' she said . `` What more can you do ? Yet this still happens on your watch . It was a huge , huge burden of wondering what we could have done to not allow that to happen . ''
City leaders have taken steps they say aim to slow the pipeline of stolen guns . Last year , Mayor Mitch Landrieu signed a law requiring gun owners to report stolen firearms to police within 48 hours of discovering their missing weapons . Fines range from up to $ 250 for the first offense , to no more than $ 500 per each subsequent offense .
Federal authorities estimate 60 percent of the country 's gun thefts are not reported to law enforcement . Requiring gun owners to report stolen weapons helps police track those firearms once they slip into the hands of criminals , law enforcement officials have said . The requirement also helps to expose those who give their guns to criminals and tell authorities it was lost or stolen .
Critics of the city ordinance , however , have said it treats law-abiding citizens as criminals .
The New Orleans Police Department did not answer to questions as to whether anyone has been cited for violating the new reporting requirement in the six months since it was signed into law .
Deputy Chief Paul Noel said a newly formed gun-violence task force aims to enhance the department 's focus on finding illegally possessed firearms . Last year , police took a little more than 1,500 guns off the streets , an average of about 30 every week . Seventy-six percent of those guns were linked to a crime , NOPD said .
Still , some criminologists say stronger state and federal penalties are needed to stem the tide of illegal gun use .
`` An 18-year-old convicted with a second possession of a stolen firearm charge needs more than six months in jail , '' said Ronal Serpas , former NOPD superintendent now working as a professor of practice at Loyola University 's criminology and justice department . `` Where the statutes on illegal possession and illegal use of a firearm are not intimidating to the criminals , of course it fuels that stolen market .
`` Criminals , individually , might have examples of pure stupidity . But as an enterprise they 're pretty smart and paying attention to their environment . If they do n't see a narrow focus on illegal possession of stolen guns , with serious jail time , they 're going to act on that . ''
Katja Kipping was one of the first German MPs to gain access to the new TTIP reading room opened in Berlin this week , and she has written up a report of her experience . We thought it was well worth translating from the original , ‘ The Opposite of Transparency ' .
TTIP , the EU-US free trade deal , has secrecy written all over it . Those responsible for it live in dread of any public scrutiny . If it was up to me , I would give everyone who 's interested the chance to make up their own minds on the text of the agreement in its current form . Sigmar Gabriel , Minister for Economic Affairs and a top cheerleader for TTIP , has now set up a reading room in his ministry where since the beginning of February German MPs can each spend two hours looking at those texts on which consensus has already been reached .
A political friend of mine asked me the day before whether she could come with me into the reading room . I had to say no . After a long , tough struggle with the government , at least MPs are able to read the text , but they are the only ones . We are not even allowed to take security-cleared specialists with us into the reading room . As for members of the public , who will ultimately have to bear the brunt of TTIP , they are to have no access whatsoever to the secret text . Not what transparency looks like in my book !
Access ‘ granted '
Even the registration procedure for the reading room speaks volumes . Once I 'd registered , I was sent the instructions on how to use the room . The first thing that I noticed was that the terms and conditions had already been the subject of negotiations between the European Commission and the USA . Get your head round that : TTIP is n't even signed yet , and already individual countries have lost the right to decide who gets to read the texts , and on what terms .
The following extract from the rulebook for MPs who , like me , want to use the reading room reveals the attitude towards democracy that lurks behind TTIP : “ You recognise and accept that in being granted access to the TTIP texts you are being extended an exceptional degree of trust . ”
Now I 'd always thought that elected MPs have a right to information . Yet the TTIP negotiators ( and who gave them their legitimacy ? ) reckon they are GRANTING us access out of the goodness of their hearts . Access as a sign of exceptional trust . Whoever wrote that – did they really think that we MPs would feel flattered ? To me it smacks more of totalitarianism . ‘ Granting access ' and ‘ extending trust ' is not the language you use if you really believe in democracy .
Tuesday 2 February was my day . I 'd registered for the reading room . A guard took me in through security and asked me to lock away my jacket and my bag . He checked that I was n't taking any camera or mobile phone into the reading room , and then knocked on a door . The heightened level of secrecy made me all the more excited as to what I was going to find , but the room itself was nothing special . There were eight computer work stations , and I was only allowed to sit at the one designated for me . A friendly woman sat in the room . She got me to sign the visitor rules – if you do n't sign , you do n't get in , so I signed . There was a thermos of coffee and a plate of biscuits in the corner . Yet no amount of caffeine or blood sugar would have made it possible to get through the 300 or so pages of text in the two hours I had available to me .
Fodder for crafty lawyers
The criticism has often been made that the TTIP texts only exist in English . Not every MP has grown up using English as a second language , and you can just imagine what would happen if US senators were only granted access to the texts in French . So much for equality between negotiating partners . There were dictionaries in the room but no internet access , and thus no way of using any translation apps , which did n't make the translation of the technical legal wording any easier .
Even those MPs who have no difficulty reading official English texts are faced with a problem : without a legal commentary you are still in the dark as to the potential impacts of many of the terms used . Let me give an example that I expressly did not see in the reading room , but in an insider report coming out of Brussels .
The US side has assured the EU that there will be no restriction on its ability to introduce ‘ science-based regulations ' in future . Any unbiased person might conclude from this that it will still be possible to restrict the use of certain types of genetically modified organisms within the EU . But the USA considers large parts of the EU 's food safety regime not to be ‘ science-based ' , so a resourceful trade barrister could make use of the clause in question to launch a successful lawsuit against those food safety regulations . For us MPs to have a proper understanding of the potential significance of the terms used , we 'd need not only to have the full text of TTIP but also to get all the wording checked by international trade lawyers , and these are precisely the people we are not allowed to have in the room with us . In some cases , however , you do n't need that much imagination to work out how a crafty lawyer could make use of the wording – in the interest of big business , of course .
What I DID N'T read
Given that Sigmar Gabriel claims that TTIP is going to be of particular benefit for small and medium-sized enterprises in Germany , I was naturally curious to read what the documents had to say about them . Now , I am not allowed to tell you anything about the text that I read . But I never signed anything to say that I ca n't reveal what I DID N'T read . So , for the record : I read nothing that even vaguely supported Gabriel 's claim .
Of course , this is no great surprise . A recently leaked Council document made no secret of the main objective of the EU negotiators in the TTIP talks , namely : access to the massive procurement contracts of the USA . The complex tendering processes involved are not the usual stamping ground of small businesses , either here or there .
The two hours I had in the reading room were obviously not enough to read all the documents . Yet afterwards I realised that nothing I had read would make me rethink any of my previous criticisms of TTIP . I read nothing to alleviate my concern that the US side wishes to make life more difficult for public and community enterprises and to secure better terms for transnational corporations in the battle for public tenders . I also read nothing to calm my fears that EU negotiators are prepared to sacrifice our social and environmental standards for the prospect of winning lucrative contracts for big European firms .
I read nothing that would lead me to reconsider my previous criticism that consumer protection plays no part in TTIP other than to proclaim free market competition to be the highest form of consumer protection that exists .
Crawling with typos
I hope I 'm not breaking any state secret if I register my amazement that the documents are simply crawling with typos . The word ‘ and ' is regularly written ‘ andd ' and ‘ the ' often appears as ‘ teh ' . Either the negotiators are really shoddy workers or this is one of those famous security measures we 've heard about . Just in case anyone manages to get round the camera ban and copies a screenshot of the secret documents , these specially introduced ‘ errors ' will enable the authorities to work out who was the source of any leak .
It is revealing in itself that the Ministry for Economic Affairs is prepared to go to such lengths in order to keep the text of TTIP under wraps . And they have every reason for doing so . Anyone who was going into these negotiations to enhance environmental protection , consumer protection and labour standards would have nothing to fear from transparency . Anyone who 's engaged in selling out democracy , on the other hand , is obviously going to want to avoid public scrutiny . If Sigmar Gabriel and the negotiators are really so convinced of the benefits of TTIP , why do n't they just make the text available to everyone online ?
Dressing modestly and conforming to the halachic principle of tznuit may have helped protect “ Big Bang Theory ” actress Mayim Bialik from unwanted advances in Hollywood . But it did n't save Yocheved Sidof , who was groped by an Orthodox business associate when she was working as a professional filmmaker .
“ I was filming on the Bowery and this married man from Monsey thought it was OK to casually rub my backside as he was introducing me to his staff , ” Sidof , founder and executive director of Lamplighters Yeshivah in Crown Heights , wrote in a Facebook post last weekend .
And wearing loose clothing to accommodate her high school 's strict dress code did not protect Rachel Caplan , a 26-year-old actor who grew up Modern Orthodox , from snide comments and inappropriate stares .
“ Predators and perpetrators of these acts and crimes are not concerned with what a woman is wearing , ” Caplan told the Jewish Week .
Get Jewish Week 's Newsletter by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Sidof , who is Lubavitch , and Caplan were not alone in their views . The New York Times op-ed penned by Bialik , who is Orthodox and something of an icon for observant women , suggesting that modest clothing could protect women from predatory behavior by men , and the Harvey Weinstein scandal , landed like a one-two punch in the Orthodox community . ( Bialik later apologized for the op-ed , posting on Twitter “ I am truly sorry for causing so much pain , and I hope you can all forgive me . )
“ Perpetrators can fetishize anyone and anything . ”
After Bialik 's piece appeared late last week , and after the # MeToo campaign took off , a wave of response from Orthodox women flooded social media . Story after story from tzniut-observant women — many of whom put their names to their allegations — chronicled Weinstein-like sexual misconduct in the workplace , on dates and on the street . ( The hashtag # MeToo campaign was launched last weekend so women could show how widespread the problem is . )
In a Facebook post that received hundreds of likes and shares , Caplan chronicled some of the “ dangerous ” messages she received about modesty while attending an all-girls Orthodox high school . She described the covert and frequently overt messaging as “ 'taking the ‘ What was she wearing ? ' culture to the extreme . ”
“ I have friends dressed in skirts and long sleeves and they still opened up about being harassed in public , ” she said . “ Perpetrators can fetishize anyone and anything . Sometimes it 's even more fun for them to mess with a woman who is clearly Orthodox and modestly dressed . ”
“ Well what are you wearing ? ”
The parallels between Hollywood 's male-dominated hierarchy and the Orthodox community , which is frequently criticized for a rigid hierarchical and patriarchal structure , was not lost on many commentators . Some compared Hollywood 's “ Do n't ask , do n't tell ” policy around sexual assault to the unofficial code of silence around sexuality and sexual misconduct in insular religious circles .
“ Me too by seemingly pious men who , much like Harvey Weinstein in Hollywood , have free and unfettered rein over thousands of women in a tight-knit and tight-lipped community , ” posted Frimet Goldberger , a freelance writer who grew up chasidic .
Others were more sympathetic to Bialik 's stance , though still with serious reservations . Rachel Benaim , a New-York based reporter who grew up Orthodox , said that while she “ empathized with Bialik 's individual perspective , ” her article “ missed the overall experience of many women who endure some form of assault or harassment no matter what they are wearing . ”
Benaim detailed her own experience of sexual assault while backpacking in Belize . After picking up some items at a local supermarket , a man came up to her , grabbed her , and said “ nice ” before walking away .
“ I just sat down on the side of road shaking , ” she said . When she called a friend for support , her friend 's first question was “ Well what are you wearing ? ”
“ I felt disappointed , let down , and guilty , ” she said .
Placing blame on women for their code of dress is deeply rooted in the messages she received about modesty at the Orthodox schools she attended , Benaim said .
“ I clearly remember one of our [ female ] high school teachers sitting us all down and saying ‘ Girls , you have to understand : your collarbone is sexy . Cover it . ' ”
Gila Manolson 's book “ Outside/Inside : A Fresh Look at Tzniut , ” also conveys that message , alongside an emphasis on focusing on your inner soul rather than your outward body . Manolson , a prolific Orthodox writer living in Jerusalem , who did n't grow up religious , frequently lectures about how Orthodox Judaism changed her life . Her books — frequently handed out to Orthodox youth at day schools , seminaries , synagogues and youth groups — tackle topics including Orthodox rules around marriage , dating , and the strict restrictions surrounding premarital male/female touch .
Speaking with The Jewish Week , Manolson described herself as a “ longtime feminist. ” The caveat : “ you have to deal with reality . ”
She agrees that women experience sexual harassment and abuse regardless of what they 're wearing , noting that she once had a man masturbate in front of her “ when I was pregnant and had a schemata [ yiddish for rag ] on my head , ” she said . Still , in her experience , one has “ much less of a chance of that happening if you 're dressed modestly . … I 'm a big believer in playing ball in the real world . ”
She said that Orthodox girls being blamed for unwanted male attention is a “ perversion of tzniut ” and “ not Orthodox Judaism . ”
She said she agreed with Bialik 's op-ed “ one hundred percent ” and finds it frustrating that the actress is getting so much hate directed at her for stating “ something that seems so self-evident . ”
On social media , however , it seemed clear that Manolson was in the minority .
“ Mayim 's article left me deeply uncomfortable because it echoed the troubling sentiments of both the Ultra Orthodox and Modern Orthodox school systems I was brought up in , in which as young girls , we were constantly told to cover up , and look and act modest lest we sway men and invoke their sexual desires , ” Chavie Lieber , a senior reporter at Racked , Vox 's fashion site , said in an email . “ Only now that I 'm older ( and out of that system ) , I can understand why this viewpoint is so problematic : It positions modesty inaccurately as a shield for aggression , and puts the blame on the victim . ”
“ It positions modesty inaccurately as a shield for aggression , and puts the blame on the victim . ”
Aliza Clair , 27 , a Modern Orthodox social worker and mother of two living in Bergenfield , N.J. , posted about her experience being groped by a stranger while at a popular arcade with her girlfriends . At first , Clair was hesitant to write about the experience , which took place during her first week in college , because she was scared of people “ minimizing what I experienced . ”
“ I was scared that even one person would say ‘ she 's dramatizing it , she 's making it up , she 's being such a girl , ' ” Clair told the Jewish Week . “ Then I realized that 's exactly the problem . No one should be under the impression that ‘ real ' sexual assault is limited to rape . ”
After the assault , Clair 's first instinct was to examine her outfit . “ The second it happened , I said ‘ what am I wearing ? It must be too tight . ' ”
“ The message that my dress causes things like this to happen was drilled into me by the community , ” said Clair , who grew up in a Modern Orthodox community . “ It made me immediately think that if I had been dressed more tzinusly , this would not have happened . ”
Dr. Sharon Weiss Greenberg , executive director of the Jewish Orthodox Feminist Alliance , agreed .
“ People [ responding on social media ] feel like dressing modestly does n't protect you , ” said Weiss-Greenberg . “ The reality is that much of this is happening in a Jewish context . Almost every woman has been affected . ”
JOFA is working with the group Hevria to put together an open-space forum where people can process their feelings and discuss positive steps moving forward .
For some , their experiences in Jewish contexts — and the flawed or absent sexual education surrounding modesty , sexuality , blame and consent — drove them out of the fold .
Caplan , whose post railing against the injustices and inadequacies of the Orthodox education system around sex rapidly generated an outpouring of support and solidarity , left the Orthodox community . Though it was a “ combination of factors ” that led to her flight , and she still holds the community in high regard — “ I did not leave angry ” — the way young women were educated about sexuality and modesty was one of the reasons she walked away .
Speaking with The Jewish Week on the phone , the first thing she expressed was a certain sheepishness at finding herself the “ poster child ” of the whirlwind # MeToo conversation . Still , her story spilled out .
“ My acute awareness of my body started in high school , ” she recalled . Though she grew up in a more relaxed home — her mom wore pants and did not cover her hair — it quickly became clear that a “ higher ” standard was expected in her new environment . “ At orientation , I received a packet outlining the rules about dress code . It was all in caps with such severe language — WE WILL NOT ACCEPT — it felt like an intimidation tactic . ”
“ I walked around school in fear of getting in trouble [ for my clothing ] . ” She recalled wearing a loose fitting polo shirt and floor length skirt to school to try and abide by the strict dress code . A female teacher pointed to her chest and said “ too tight . ”
The messages she received about modesty — that “ tzinut was always about stopping men from getting the things they want ” — continue to affect her life and functioning today , though she is no longer affiliated .
“ I still hold on to a deep shame about my body . I never had a boyfriend throughout high school , and to this day I am very timid around men . I have remained in unhealthy relationships for way too long because I 'm scared to say no . When more serious sexual advances have been made towards me , I have felt powerless to do anything . Sometimes , I flirt and smile and hope it stops . Or I force myself to be ‘ ok ' with it . ”
“ This type of education — or rather lack of education — is not just insulting . It 's dangerous . ”
Though the Jewish community is by no means solely to blame for this systemic problem , she does hold Orthodox schools accountable for not providing sex education or providing male and female students with a basic understanding of consent .
“ This type of education — or rather lack of education — is not just insulting . It 's dangerous . The attitude towards modesty is absolutist : either you 've never touched a man before your wedding night or you 're an absolute slut . There 's no room for young people to find themselves in the grey . ”
Though one step removed from the community in which she grew up , Caplan still hopes things can change .
“ Whatever you conclude about my Jewish identity and observance , hear this : I care deeply about the survival of the Jewish people , and moreover , know that we are capable of swimming against the stream when we see injustice , ” she writes in her post . “ So swim . Be the few against the many . ”
Supermassive Games had three new projects to show at E3 this year , all of which got pushed slightly under the radar thanks to Sony 's awkward marketing tactics ( announcing Hidden Agenda in your pre-show ? Seriously ? ! ? And why does Bravo Team look like one of those duff mobile games ? ) .
In case you missed it , The Inpatient is a new PlayStation VR title with a strong focus on immersive horror , in which you play as an unnamed patient recently confined to the mysterious hallways of Blackwood Sanatorium . If that name sounds familiar , that 's because it 's the same psychiatric hospital which appears in Supermassive 's PS4 horror hit Until Dawn .
Yep , The Inpatient is an Until Dawn prequel , set 60 years before the events of that harrowing night , but taking place in a key location from the game nonetheless .
Supermassive has stated that those unfamiliar with Until Dawn wo n't be left in the dark ( well , at least figuratively speaking ) , as this is a separate story with a whole cast of new characters . However , there 's no point in a prequel without indulging in at least some of the connective tissue for fans to discover , and a little research already indicates the way in which The Inpatient and Until Dawn might be narratively linked to one another . Spoilers below , obviously .
In The Inpatient , the sanatorium is a fully functioning ward , but fast forward to Until Dawn 's 2015 timeline and it 's an abandoned ruin , so what happened in between ? The key to this conundrum lies with the old , creepy looking fella hogging the camera of the Inpatient 's E3 trailer , revealed by Supermassive to be Jefferson Bragg , the owner of Blackwood Sanatorium ( there 's a cheeky photo of the institution in the reveal trailer ) .
That same name turns up in the form of a clue note found in Until Dawn , in which it 's revealed that Bragg committed suicide in order to avoid the more grisly fate of being chomped up by the wendigos , Until Dawn 's supernatural beasties who must have clearly overrun the sanatorium at the time he was writing . That note was written in 1952 . The Inpatient takes places in “ its 1950s heydey. ” That leaves us with a pretty good idea of what to expect going into this VR experience , which may very well show the collapse of Blackwood Sanatorium to a horde of blood-thirsty wendigos .
See , in Until Dawn the sanatorium is being used to confine and secretly test the miners who were exposed to ( and eventually become ) the wendigos , until they escape in 1952 and tear the place up . During The Inpatient , we 'll likely discover how and why that all happens .
What 's less obvious is what might happen to you , the player , and that question likely wo n't be answered until we get to play the Inpatient for ourselves , when it releases next year . Are you the one who frees the wendigos ? Or are you one of the lucky few who escape with their lives ? We 'll find out soon .
Make sure you check out our full E3 2017 schedule to stay tuned for all the details as they arrive , and check out our roundup of all the E3 2017 trailers . For more E3 2017 highlights , check out our Nintendo E3 2017 recap , PlayStation E3 2017 recap , and Xbox E3 2017 recap .
A year-long investigation by Fusion 's Project Earth team has unearthed a trove of troubling evidence about the shark cartilage industry . Shark cartilage pills , which are taken as health supplements , have no known health benefits and research has shown that they may contain toxins and chemical properties that could be harmful to humans ; and now , DNA testing has revealed that various brands of shark cartilage pills contained cartilage from an endangered species of shark , while other brands did n't have shark cartilage at all , but rather DNA from other marine animals . After Fusion 's team shared their DNA evidence with the manufactures and retailers of shark cartilage products , two leading health stores in the U.S. announced that they had removed the product from their shelves and website .
Nope , cartilage does n't cure cancer .
Shark cartilage pills first became popular in the 1990 's , when William Lane a biochemist
turned cancer researcher , published a book called “ Sharks Do n't Get Cancer . How Shark Cartilage Could Save Your Life. ” In the book , Lane argued that as cartilage does n't have any blood vessels ( tumors need blood vessels to grow ) and sharks are made almost entirely out of cartilage , a concoction of shark cartilage could help human patients battle various forms of cancer . In 1993 Lane 's work got a publicity boost when 60 Minutes devoted an entire segment to his ideas , and by 1996 Lane decided to follow his first book with a similarly titled sequel : “ Sharks Still Do n't Get Cancer : The Continuing Story of Shark Cartilage Therapy. ” Conveniently , the cartilage concoction that Lane promoted as cancer cure was manufactured by Lane Labs , a company run by his son .
There was only one problem to Lane 's theory : there was n't any solid evidence that cartilage actually helped with cancer . In the years that followed , the National Cancer Institute called for research to investigate whether Lane 's cancer cure was as fishy as it sounded ; a number of scientists conducted their own trials , but found no reliable evidence that shark cartilage cures cancer . Following these studies , the FDA pushed several injunctions against Lane Labs , and , in 2000 , a number of cartilage manufacturers were made to pay restitution to customers because they had falsely claimed their product could help fight cancer .
It 's also been shown that sharks do in fact get cancer . But , as Mark Twain famously wrote : “ How easy it is to make people believe a lie , and how hard it is to undo that work again ! ”
Cartilage pills are still sold in health stores across the country . Their labels now claim that cartilage can help treat joint pain and arthritis , among other things . But , just like the claim that shark cartilage cures cancer , researchers say there is n't any medical backing here either . Moreover , recent research into cartilage products has found that at shark cartilage could be harmful to humans if consumed . All the while , shark numbers across the planet are plummeting at unsustainable levels .
The potential health hazards of shark cartilage pills .
“ Shark , shark products , shark cartilage , it 's not medicine , no proven health benefits , ” explained Deborah Mash , professor of Neurology and Pharmacology at the University of Miami . In 2014 , Mash co-authored a study which examined shark products , including shark cartilage , for traces of toxic chemicals . Nearly all of the samples that Mash used in her study tested positive for both methylmercury and BMAA , a neurotoxin with links to degenerative diseases such as Parkinson 's and Alzheimer 's . “ We already know that methylmercury is very bad , that 's why the EPA tells pregnant women and children not to eat shark , “ explained Mash . “ But [ with BMAA ] it gets worse . ”
Both BMAA and methylmercury are toxins that biomagnify , which means that they get more concentrated the higher up the food chain you go . And so sharks , as apex predators , tend to have higher concentrations of both toxins then the little critters of the ocean . Mash explains that the presence of both toxins in cartilage products is especially troubling given that they have “ synergistic toxicities . ”
“ Why would you ever supplement your diet with a purported health product that 's gon na potentially even a small risk , expose your brain to methylmercury and this neurotoxin BMAA ? ” said Mash . “ I do n't get it . ”
The year after Mash published her paper , researchers from the University of Miami released a study suggesting that shark cartilage supplements would n't be helpful in treating the symptoms of arthritis and joint pain . In fact , by exposing human cells to shark cartilage , researchers found that shark cartilage might actually be harmful for those suffering from joint pain .
Advertisement
“ Those [ human ] cells responded by producing a whole list of pro-inflammatory mediators , and our conclusion was that those would be exactly the kinds of mediators you would not want for most of the kinds of conditions for which shark cartilage is marketed , ” explained Liza Merly , the study 's co-author and a senior lecturer at the University of Miami , where she focuses on Marine Immunology and Shark Conservation . “ I think in a large part the scientific community has thought that the worst case scenario with these kinds of pills is that they have no effect and people are wasting their money , but the worst case scenario could in fact be that they 're sort of counter indicated for the kinds of things that people are taking them for . ”
Merly pointed out that even though there is mounting evidence against the health benefits of cartilage pills , their status as supplements means that they lie outside the oversight of the FDA ; “ So there is no governmental body that oversees the production of these products… we do n't have a way of checking what the company is putting in the product . ”
Even though demand for cartilage pills may be quite small ( in 2011 , the total U.S. market was about $ 3 million , according to the Nutrition Business Journal ) , it 's still another stressor for global shark populations . Merly explained that the cartilage industry adds value to shark carcasses , which , no matter how small the market may be , further incentives shark fishermen to increase their catch .
Advertisement
Moreover , Merly believed that because the manufacturers of cartilage pills have little oversight and provide almost no information about the sharks used for their products , it 's possible that sharks are being sourced unsustainable . “ When you call these companies to find out what the geographic location [ of the shark ] is , what species they use , what age the sharks were , how they were harvested , they do not provide any information , ” said Merly . “ It could absolutely be any species of shark . ”
Shark cartilage : as fishy as it sounds .
In order to understand how the cartilage industry affects the conservation of wild sharks , Fusion 's team reached out to the manufactures and retailers of shark cartilage products , which include large stores like GNC , the Vitamin Shoppe , Walgreens and CVS . However , the companies declined to comment or provide information as to where and how the sharks for cartilage products are sourced .
Fusion 's team then sent a batch of cartilage pills for DNA testing to Laragen Inc. , a private sequencing and genotyping lab . The DNA results showed that pills marketed as GNC 's Natural Brand Shark Cartilage did n't contain shark at all , but rather DNA from manta rays and other unidentified marine animals ( not sharks ) ; pills marketed as Vitamin Shoppe Shark Cartilage also did n't contain shark , but rather DNA from Aleutian Skates . This sort of bait and switch in seafood is relatively common , with about 1/3rd of all seafood products in the U.S. having some degree of mislabeling , according to Oceana .
Advertisement
Two brands of pills sold by CVS ( Cartilade-Pure Shark Cartilage and Vida Mia Shark Cartilage ) contained DNA from scalloped hammerhead , which is an endangered species . International trade in scalloped hammerhead is highly regulated , due to its protected status under CITES appendix two , and certain regional populations of scalloped hammerheads are also protected under the Endangered Species Act . But , and here 's the catch , there are several regions where fishing for scalloped hammerheads is allowed , including many areas off the coast of the U.S .
“ It does matter where those animals were captured , in terms of the legalities involved , and where the parts are being sent to , ” explained Neil Hammerschlag , the director of the Shark Research and Conservation Program at the University of Miami . “ For example , in Florida in our waters… . Scalloped Hammerheads are prohibited , meaning you can not target them… However , just outside of those waters… within U.S. Federal waters they can be harvested. ” Hammerschlag explained that without knowing where and how these companies are sourcing their catch , it 's very hard to know whether they 're breaking both international and domestic conservation laws .
Fusion 's team reached out again to the sellers and manufacturers of cartilage products , hoping that the existence of DNA evidence might encourage companies to share information about their shark sources . However , most companies , including GNC and the Vitamin Shoppe , still declined to comment . The owner of Cartilade declined to be interviewed , but claimed in an email that his product was “ Blue [ shark ] , Made In The USA ” . However , the DNA results showed that the Cartilade brand of pills contained scalloped hammerhead sharks .
CVS and Walgreens , which at the time of the investigation had been selling cartilage pills that had DNA from endangered and vulnerable species of shark , respectively , also declined to comment . However , shortly after the DNA results were shared with them , both CVS and Walgreens sent emails explaining that they had pulled all of the shark cartilage products off their shelves and website ; the companies cited “ business decisions ” and “ overall assortment decisions , ” as the reasons for removing cartilage products .
“ The potential health hazard of consuming shark and shark cartilage products can bring about something very bad for human health , ” said Mash . “ [ But ] if we can inform the public about this potential danger , then the research we do here has meaning . ”
As of the publishing of this article , cartilage pills remain on the shelves in many health stores across the U.S .
Advertisement
Nicolás Ibargüen is an environmentalist and director of the Planet Initiative of the Americas Business Council Foundation , an organization that supports innovative social and environmental impact projects .
He is the environmental Correspondent for Fusion and Univision .
Nicolás organizes expeditions and events with world leaders to raise awareness about our relationship with the planet . He produced the award-winning documentary “ Amazon Gold ” and he is a board member of NRDC 's Voces Verdes and the Humane Society International . He was the Editor and Publisher of Poder Magazine .
Advertisement
Born and raised in Spain , Lara is a digital producer and writer for Fusion — covering stories in culture and technology as well as in-depth environmental issues across the globe .
Lucas Isakowitz is a contributing author for Fusion 's Project Earth vertical .
Madison Stewart , AKA ‘ Shark Girl ' , is Fusion 's shark correspondent . She 's a dive master , shark conservationist , and underwater filmmaker . She was born and raised in Australia where she started diving with sharks at age 12 .
Dear Backers ,
We 're back for another packed update of progress , and this month the theme is pulling it all together .
Internal Development
Last month , we announced that we were bringing the remaining work on the title in-house .
Since then I have had many fans and backers ask me why we decided to move everything away from Torus .
The decision was based on a gradual take over of the project that started back in March , after Torus faced a number of challenges coming out of Pre-Production . Unsung Story was always going to be very collaborative because of the Matsuno source material , but by May all of the art production had been moved to Little Orbit , and in July we took over several of the design deliverables . By August it was clear that the project would start to suffer if we continued to split development between the two studios . Little Orbit has an 8 year working history with Torus , and they have shipped many titles for us . I deeply appreciate all the work they did on the title for nearly a year .
August and September have been a blur of ramp up .
In addition to the existing internal folks already working on the game , my Executive Producer , Nick , has officially taken over along with his associate producer , Kyle . We moved a new designer ( Jared ) onto the project at the end of August . We have a new lead level designer and two new engineers joining the team today ! And we 'll be moving over two more engineers ( Brandon and Rodney ) , a UX artist ( Jessica ) , and a technical artist ( a different Nick ) as they free up off other projects later this month .
Storyboarding
At this point we have a lot of great 2D art , 3D art , design docs , white boxes , test levels , and engineering . Last month 's update showed off some of the early results from R & D in the engine . But with a project this large that was being managed out-of-house , there have been a lot of moving parts to get re-organized . The team has spent weeks digging through everything , and in some cases making revisions . Often during this process , we found ourselves asking questions about the impact of a specific ability or an objective of a mission within the overall scope of the game .
Admittedly we found in many cases we did n't have enough documentation to help with the answers .
So Tyler and Jared have taken on the process of pulling everything together into a massive Storyboard Walk Through that incorporates all the work done to date . Think of this as a pen and paper version of the game - complete with D & D-style module descriptions , enemy stat charts , mockups for cutscenes , graph paper maps , character sheets , and dice .
Needless to say , the ability to sit down and play the game without spending hours and hours of 3D modeling and engineering is fantastic . Of course we have already stumbled across a bunch of minor flaws and issues in the design , but overall it has helped to validate the game . Also this effort will all go into the Strategy Guide . For the backers who ordered that reward , it should be fun glimpse behind-the-scenes at the design process .
Here are a couple minor design alterations :
Scout abilities have been re-worked a little and renamed to Operative
Saboteur abilities have been re-worked a little and renamed to Engineer
Sellswords have been renamed to Mercenary
Swordspeakers have been renamed to Bladesinger
On the art side , we 're done with all the concepts for all the classes . We now need to go back and do gender swaps for the class armor .
On the engineering side , we are working through the engine itself to streamline battle mechanics , how the grid is surfaced , and movement .
Music
We are running behind . Mr Sakimoto had a personal injury that affected his hearing , and he took several months off to recover . But he is back now and ready to go . In fact , I am delighted to report that he just turned in his first rough cut of the main theme !
As soon as more of the music has been composed , and Mr. Sakimoto feels comfortable , I will find a cool way to share it .
Lethanor & Mana Classes
This is one of my favorite regions of Unsung Story . Lethanor sits right on the border between the Saxtel Empire and the Kingdom of Alionne , and makes special use of a series of water gates to produce sound and magic throughout the city . It is also home to the school of Mana , and has long been a zen-like place of contemplation and neutrality .
You 'll notice in addition to the water gates , bells are also significant in Lethanor . Bells are also a common theme in the class armor for the Mana School .
ART NOTE : Please remember these are all early concepts . They were designed as an exploration to push the aesthetic of each location and class based on what school they are from . It is our belief that over the course of the project , they will pull back into a more classic look based on a number of things we are still finalizing .
Lethanor City Section
Lethanor Domed Roof Detail
Lethanor Detail Sketches
We have previously introduced you to the Disciple and Priest class concepts . To round out the School of Mana here are the rest of its classes .
Elementalists
Elementalists represent magical power in its most pure and destructive form . They take great pride in their ability to manipulate the weave of the elements around them , and seek rapture in the great expression of skill that accompanies every dazzling spell .
They avoid direct confrontation , flinging powerful spells towards the enemy from the relative safety of the backline . They 're not physically powerful , which makes them vulnerable to enemies that can close the distance ( or ranged attacks , suchs as arrows ) .
Mana Elementalist
Librarians
Librarians wield the ultimate power—manipulation of time itself . We have hinted at the way Unsung Story is told in reverse , and that mechanism is connected to Librarians who care for the `` Opus '' , the first song and source of power behind the Schools . Librarians have changed the outcome of countless battles , slowing down the nimblest of foes , speeding up their allies and even undoing devastating losses . They focus on manipulating these mechanics through buffs , debuffs , passive abilities and reactive abilities . The Librarian is especially effective when paired with a slow but powerful class , or when facing extremely fast opponents .
Mana Librarian
Spellbreakers
Spellbreakers arose not for a great need to fight against magic , but as a way for the School of Mana to express their artful dominance over others . For when your enemy 's flames are quenched and their spells falter , who are the true masters of magic ?
Spellbreakers are powerful anti-magic tanks , capable of absorbing magical damage . They should be grouped up with allies that are vulnerable to magic attacks , or used to hunt down enemy magic users to end them quickly . However , Spellbreakers do n't perform especially well against physical attacks , and can become overwhelmed quickly if they strike too far in search of enemy mages .
Mana Spellbreaker
In keeping with this month 's theme , we thought it would be cool to show you a line-up of the Mana classes , so you could get a feel for them all together .
Mana Line-up
Technology Classes & Alionne Creatures
On the Alionne side , we have a number of classes we still have n't shared . Here they are .
Engineers
This class is undergoing some re-design . Engineers are the builders and researchers behind the School of Technology . They are combat-trained , but tend to utilize their expertise over brute force in combat . They can rush ahead of the allied team , placing as many traps as possible before retreating to safety . Once behind allied lines , they can pelt the enemy team with bombs , dealing decent ranged damage to an area .
Technology Engineer
Physicians
The Physician is the oldest discipline in the School of Technology , and represents the shift from magical research to the scientific . While they 're the precursor the many advanced classes , their skills are quite useful later on .
The Physician supports allies with curative effects from a distance . They 're extremely versatile and powerful support units , but come at two heavy costs .
Firstly , they require items to be effective . If the player runs out of items , they 'll have to buy more from shops while outside of battle .
Secondly , the Physician has almost no offensive capabilities . They can heal and support their team , but can deal almost no damage to enemies , other than some light harassment from their Slings .
Finally , Physicians are capable of combining their items to create new effects . This becomes especially important in the late-game , where advanced items can only be created by combining two lesser items .
Technology Physician
Operative
The discipline of scouting was designed to help find precious resources in the Alionne Wastes . Operatives are fast , stealthy and extremely independent , though there 's a reason they tend to avoid toe-to-toe combat .
The Operative infiltrates enemy lines , sneaking up on a vulnerable backline enemy and finishing them off before the enemy team can react . They 're also capable of stealing equipment , which makes them essential versus powerful units , such as some bosses . Stealing is n't easy , but results in not only disarming the opponent , but giving the stolen equipment to the player 's party . No gear in the game can only be obtained in this way , but it does allow players to obtain powerful equipment much earlier than they would otherwise be able to .
Technology Operative
Cavalier
Cavaliers represent a noble and honorable approach to combat , appropriate for warriors of a more sophisticated age . Do n't let their civility fool you , though ; many are the combatant who has fallen to the Cavalier 's guile , disarmed not by their blades , but by their skillful footwork .
The Cavalier is a tank class who focuses on avoiding damage . The rapiers they wield have naturally high weapon evasion stats , allowing them to easily parry incoming blows . However , Cavaliers are lacking offensively , and will struggle to deal with magical damage . Placed well , Cavaliers can hold the line against several enemies . If the Cavalier is placed poorly , magical attacks will kill them before they ever get a chance to fight back .
Technology Cavalier
And again , we thought it would be fun to present everyone together .
Technology Line-up
Alionne is the most sophisticated of the Lasfaria countries , but at the cost of its surrounding environments . Here is a quick look at some creatures from that region .
Automa-Tank
Not every technology invention works as intended .
2D Automa-Tank Concept
3D Automa-Tank Model
Croakenmire
These hyper intelligent amphibians wander the Wastes .
2D Croakenmire Concept
3D Croakenmire Model
3D Art from Last Month 's Concepts
In last month 's update we showed off a number of concepts including Aramar in the Saxtel Empire , a couple creature designs , and some new classes . This month I thought I would start by posting how some of those items are coming out in 3D .
3D Props from the Saxtel Wilderness
3D Heronfir Creature
3D Lionus Maximus
Lastly , September was a particularly brutal month for those that work in the games industry . We lost some excellent studios including Carbine , Capcom Vancouver , and Telltale due to closures and games being shutdown . If you are in the industry , please take a moment to post any jobs you might have for those who might be looking .
As always , we appreciate your continued patience and support .
Sincerely , Matthew Scott
Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump in four of the most diverse presidential battleground states , according to brand-new NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist polls .
Clinton is ahead of Trump by eight points among registered voters in Colorado , 43 percent to 35 percent ; a combined 21 percent say neither , other nor are undecided .
In Florida , which decided the 2000 presidential election , she 's up seven points , 44 percent to 37 percent ; the rest are undecided or prefer someone else .
In North Carolina , a state Obama won in 2008 but lost in 2012 , Clinton leads by six points , 44 percent to 38 percent .
And in Virginia , Clinton 's advantage is nine points , 44 percent to 35 percent .
“ With 66 electoral votes at stake in these four states , Donald Trump is playing catch-up against Hillary Clinton , ” says Lee Miringoff , director of the Marist College Institute for Public Opinion .
NBC News
Two Unpopular Candidates
Despite Clinton 's leads , she and Trump are both unpopular in these battlegrounds , although Trump is slightly more unpopular .
Colorado : Clinton 34 percent favorable , 62 percent unfavorable ( -28 ) ; Trump 27 percent favorable , 67 percent unfavorable ( -40 ) .
Florida : Clinton 37 percent favorable , 58 percent unfavorable ( -21 ) ; Trump 34 percent favorable , 61 percent unfavorable ( -27 ) .
North Carolina : Clinton 37 percent favorable , 58 percent unfavorable ( -21 ) ; Trump 31 percent favorable , 61 percent unfavorable ( -30 ) .
Virginia : Clinton 37 percent favorable , 58 percent unfavorable ( -21 ) ; Trump 29 percent favorable , 65 percent unfavorable ( -36 ) .
`` The driving force behind voters ' choices is the negative impressions they have of both Trump and Clinton . Clinton 's single-digit lead in each of these states is due to her slight advantage in how voters perceive the two candidates , '' Miringoff adds .
Looking at the Four-Way Horserace
When the presidential contest expands to four candidates — including Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson and the Green Party 's Jill Stein — the Clinton-vs.-Trump horserace remains essentially unchanged .
In Colorado , Clinton gets support from 39 percent of registered voters , Trump gets 33 percent , Johnson gets 13 percent and Stein gets 4 percent .
In Florida , it 's Clinton 41 percent , Trump 36 percent , Johnson 7 percent and Stein 4 percent .
In North Carolina , it 's Clinton 42 percent , Trump 36 percent , Johnson 7 percent and Stein 2 percent .
And in Virginia , it 's Clinton 41 percent , Trump 34 percent , Johnson 10 percent and Stein 2 percent .
The Downballot Races
In Florida 's competitive Senate contest , incumbent Republican Sen. Marco Rubio , who changed his mind and decided to run for re-election , leads likely Democratic challenger Patrick Murphy by just three points among registered voters , 47 percent to 44 percent .
In Colorado , Democratic incumbent Sen. Michael Bennet is ahead of GOP nominee Darryl Glenn by 15 points , 53 percent to 38 percent .
In North Carolina , incumbent Republican Sen. Richard Burr is up over Democratic challenger Deborah Ross , 48 percent to 41 percent .
And in the Tar Heel State 's gubernatorial race , incumbent Republican Gov . Pat McCrory trails Democrat Roy Cooper , 49 percent to 45 percent .
The NBC/WSJ/Marist polls were conducted July 5-11 of 794 registered voters in Colorado ( which has a margin of error of plus-minus 3.5 percentage points ) , 871 registered voters in Florida ( plus-minus 3.3 percentage points ) , 907 registered voters in North Carolina ( plus-minus 3.3 percentage points ) and 876 registered voters in Virginia ( plus-minus 3.3 percentage points ) .
Several Black queer and trans people and allies gathered at the LGBTQ Pride Festival in Columbus , Ohio , on June 17 with the intent of silently blocking the parade for seven minutes to hold space for Black and Brown queer and trans people .
The activists were protesting the recent acquittal of the police officer who killed Philando Castile . Other important aims were to raise awareness about the violence against and erasure of Black and Brown queer and trans people , and in particular the lack of space for Black and Brown people at Pride festivals and to raise the names of the 14 trans woman of color who have already been murdered this year .
In a June 18 press release , activist Ariana Steele stated that “ though our method was a silent , nonviolent , peaceful demonstration , the CPD [ Columbus Police Department ] immediately opted for unnecessary force in lieu of our civil and human rights . Protesters were assaulted with bicycles , sprayed with mace , jumped on , pushed , pummeled and chased with horses — all within two minutes of the initiation of the roadblock . In the process , four Black protestors were targeted and arrested . The # BlackPride4 were taken into custody and held in a CPD van for four hours in 90 degree heat prior to processing without being provided medical attention . ”
The Columbus Police Department has confirmed that the charges for Wriply Bennett , Kendall Denton , Ashley Braxton and Deandre Miles include aggravated robbery , resisting arrest , causing harm to a police officer , failure to comply with a police officer 's order and disorderly conduct .
Later that evening , crowds gathered outside Columbus City Hall demanding the release of the anti-racism protesters and that all charges be dropped . Miles was kept overnight in solitary confinement and charged with felony aggravated robbery for allegedly trying to grab one of the cops ' guns .
At Cleveland Pride on June 24 , solitary leaflets demanding the release of the # BlackPride4 and “ Black Trans Lives Matter ” placards were distributed to parade participants . On June 25 , the website No Justice No Pride reported support actions in Seattle , Chicago , Minneapolis and New York City .
A campaign is underway to demand that all charges be dropped against the # BlackPride4 . To donate to the defense fund , visit tinyurl.com/donateBlackPride4 .
( Photo : Facebook/ @ columbusaboveground )
( Photo : Facebook/ @ columbusaboveground )
Guess who is back ? Earlier this morning , Banksy was in Cheltenham , a large spa town and borough in Gloucestershire , England where he dropped this brand-new piece .
At the break of dawn , the British street artist showed up with a maintenance van and covered all the sides with tarpaulin to execute his new stencil . This piece is showing three government secret agents quietly spying on various phone conversations . Quite a strong statement against the recent privacy issues we experienced this past year with the NSA and such . Banksy did n't pick Cheltenham randomly as the city is home of the GCHQ ( Government Communications Headquarters ) .
While not officially confirmed by his website , this piece has has all the Banksy characteristics in narrative , style and execution .
Continue reading for more detailed images on this new piece and then check back with us through the day for more updates .
Update 1 : Piece is located on Hewlett Road .
Pics by Fragile , Josh Walls and Katie Bowers
Italian Estate Pipes 292 Total ( 42 Fresh , 31 On Sale )
+ About Italian Estate
From the affordable Savinelli to the highly collectible Castello , there 's something to fill that hole in your collection in Italian Estates . With prices well below retail and a strict evaluation criteria to ensure every pipe is as advertised , you can be sure that your new estate pipe is the best value around .
What is an estate pipe , exactly ? An estate pipe is any pipe that has been previously owned by someone else , including both smoked and unsmoked offerings . Each estate pipe that we sell has undergone a thorough cleaning and disinfecting regimen before it is ever offered for sale . Estate pipes are generally far less expensive than a new pipe of the same make , thereby representing an excellent value for the money , and for many smokers , a way to sample the wares of pipe makers they might not otherwise be able to afford .
To learn more about how we grade estate pipes , check out our estate grading policy page . For more information on trading in your own estate pipes , check out our trade-in policy here .
close x
Dwyane Wade distributed a private letter Thursday to Miami Heat employees a day after he decided to leave for the Chicago Bulls in NBA free agent . The Sun Sentinel has obtained a copy , which follows :
`` To My HEAT Family :
`` Over the last 13 years -- you have been my second family . The last 24 hours have been an emotional roller coaster for me . It is really hard to say goodbye . . .so instead I just want to say thank you . Thank you for welcoming a young , shy 21 year old kid and helping me grow into the man I am today . Thank you for taking care of my family and my team over the years . Thank you for helping me transcend the sport of basketball and become a global presence . Thank you for the memories . The championships . . . the parades . . . the division titles .
`` Everyone from the coaching staff to the trainers and doctors ... parking attendants to the ushers , store employees , sales team , HEAT TV , Marketing , ticket office , executives , assistants , game operations and community affairs . . . You have all had a part in who I am today . We won together . We lost together . We made magic together .
`` I will always be a HEAT LIFER . To me , a heat lifer is not about the jersey I have on my back -- but what I carry in my heart .
`` I will truly miss everyone . And I wish nothing but the best for all of you .
`` -- D. Wade # 3 ''
iwinderman @ sunsentinel.com . Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
Explained : Opposition 's direct action plan
Posted
In contrast to the Government 's carbon price and market-based emissions trading scheme proposal , the Opposition 's 'direct action ' plan does not charge industries for pollution .
Instead , it would establish an emissions reduction fund ( ERF ) paid for from the budget , which would buy emission reductions from industry and agriculture .
The purchases would be through a competitive tendering process to try to reduce emissions at least cost to the taxpayer .
Large emitters - the same ones which will pay the Government 's carbon price - could sell abatement if below their agreed pollution baseline , but would incur penalties if above .
As well as the ERF , the Opposition wants to continue support for small-scale rooftop solar panels and a tree-planting program .
The cost is estimated at $ 1 billion a year by 2020 , by which time the Opposition estimates it will be buying 140 million tonnes of carbon pollution annually to meet the target of a 5 per cent reduction of greenhouse gas from 2000 levels .
The Opposition expects 60 per cent of abatement will come from 'soil carbon ' - changed land management practices that take carbon out of the air and incorporate it into soil .
In a study for the Australian Industry Group , consultants Ernst and Young were critical of direct action .
`` The ERF seems unlikely to help prepare industry for future challenges or encourage widespread innovation , '' the report says .
`` Little would have been done to reduce industry 's exposure to future carbon constraints - or to energy prices that are already rising and have much further to run . ''
Neither was direct action helped by former Opposition leader Malcolm Turnbull , who said the chief advantage of it was that it could be quickly dumped if a future government changed its mind on tackling climate change .
He also said it would be a significant drain on the budget and could cost $ 18 billion a year by 2050 .
But recent reports that the Government is negotiating to pay brown coal electricity generators to switch to gas was seized upon by Opposition environment spokesman Greg Hunt .
`` After months of denying it , the government leaked that it had been secretly negotiating with the brown coal power generators to pay for a switch from coal to gas , '' Mr Hunt said .
`` The reason of course is that the carbon tax will fail to achieve this objective .
`` In short , the ALP 's decision to use direct action incentives to address the power sector was complete capitulation on two fronts .
`` Not only will a carbon tax fail to clean up any power stations , but the direct action approach of targeted incentives will work to convert coal to gas . ''
Topics : emissions-trading , business-economics-and-finance , environment , climate-change , government-and-politics , australia
According to a report from the Washington Post 's football writers — Mike Jones , Liz Clarke , and Master Tesfatsion all contributed to the post — DeSean Jackson is expected to be leaving Washington behind in the coming days , and both the Eagles and — GASP ! — Cowboys have inquired about his availability .
Per the Post :
Along with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , the Philadelphia Eagles , New England Patriots and the Dallas Cowboys also have inquired about wide receiver DeSean Jackson , according to a person with knowledge of the situation . Barring any unforeseen circumstances , it 's expected that the Redskins and Jackson will part ways , multiple people with knowledge of the situation have indicated . Should he land with the Bucs , Jackson would join an offense with quarterback Jameis Winston and Pro Bowl wide receiver Mike Evans .
Oh my , not the Cowboys .
The Eagles , of course , have long been rumored to be interested in reuniting with Jackson . Alex Marvez of Sirius XM NFL said a few days ago he does n't think the reunion is in the cards , but hey , you never know in free agency .
Tampa Bay has been at the forefront of the Jackson rumors for the past 48 hours , with a push from their front office , and the allure of playing with young quarterback Jameis Winston and super stud wideout Mike Evans making the Bucs the leaders in the clubhouse as the league 's legal tampering window opened today .
The Patriots pursue good players , and we all know DeSean Jackson , despite his locker room shortcomings and slightly elevated age , is a good football player . They also have a surprising amount of cap room for a team coming off a Super Bowl victory , which would make signing Jackson very possible . The draw of a ring , and playing with the best quarterback of all time , is pretty tempting .
But Dallas ? Well , Dallas is a name we have n't heard much of in the Jackson rumors until today . With wideout Terrance Williams also up for free agency , it would seem the Cowboys are exploring their options , which makes sense . But even after re-negotiating Sean Lee 's contract , they do n't have a whole host of cap room : they ranked dead last in the league just two days ago .
Jackson in Dallas silver-and-blue would just look weird , after he torched them time and again for the Eagles for so many years . However , the boos would rain louder than you can possibly imagine during Cowboys week at the Linc , which ... yeah , okay , that 'd be kind of fun to cover .
In any case , keep it locked here as we follow the former-and-maybe-but-probably-not-future Eagle 's free agency path .
Get off my lawn .
Now that we 've got that bit of business out of the way , on to the latest news of how millennials are destroying America . Caitlin Gibson at the Washington Post digs into a recent survey of social practices which shows that millennials are doing away with traditional Thanksgiving dinner preparations and “ mixing things up ” at the feast table . And yes… it 's every bit as horrific as it sounds .
If your holiday plans include friends or relatives from the millennial generation , odds are high that you might find a few less-than-traditional dishes on the Turkey Day menu : A recent Yahoo Food survey of more than 1,000 Americans age 18 and older showed that 20- and 30-somethings are driving a Thanksgiving dinner ( r ) evolution… But what does this mean for a holiday steeped in tradition ? It may mean pork instead of turkey , or more vegetarian options , or new twists on time-honored staples . Millennials ( anyone currently age 18 to 34 , per the Pew Research Center ) are more likely to offer up more healthful versions of traditionally gluttonous recipes… Andrew Kohout , 33 , of Laytonsville , Md. , and his wife are hosting one Thanksgiving dinner and attending another , so non-traditional entrees such as ham ( and Tofurky and smoked turkey ) have found their way onto the family menu to avoid repetition , he says .
We ca n't allow that last paragraph to slide past without hitting the brakes and confirming something for you : yes . She said Tofurky . Does that sound like something out of a Friday the Thirteenth movie to you ? Well , no matter what you may be picturing in your mind right now… it 's even worse .
Tofurky is the brand name of an American vegetarian turkey replacement made from a blend of wheat protein and organic tofu . Tofurky is a trademark of Turtle Island Foods , a company based in Oregon .
That 's not a dinner option , people . It 's a war crime .
The WaPo article also points out that more and more millennials are doing away with cranberry sauce . Seriously . Why do n't you just move to Iran ? There 's plenty of room for debate in the ages old cranberry sauce battle , do n't get me wrong . Some are aficionados of the loose sauce with the whole berries in it . As for me , I like the compact cranberry jelly that retains the shape of the can so you can slice it into delicious little hockey puck shapes . ( And anything you can slice at the same time as the turkey is a winner . )
Listen , you rotten young punks , there shall be a bird . There shall be cranberry sauce . There shall be two sorts of stuffing . ( The kind you bake separately in a baking dish and the really good stuff you put inside the bird . ) There shall be mashed potatoes . And you bet your backside there needs to be gravy . If you ca n't figure out how to make proper gravy out of the juice in the bottom of the turkey pan , hire somebody 's grandmother to explain it to you . Do n't try serving that stuff from a jar . It 's awful .
If you want to freestyle a bit , do it with the side veggies . Broccoli , cauliflower , green beans , yams… it 's all good . And if you 're a special snowflake vegan you can just eat those while the rest of us eat the actual dinner .
Alright… I 'm done now . Run along and get ready . Tomorrow is the big day and you 've got a ton of prep work to do .
Today Durov appears relieved .
`` Right now I can live and work wherever I want , '' he says , seemingly relishing his new-found freedom . `` I 'm in a situation where I can determine my own future . ''
His secure messaging app Telegram , which is free and carries no ads , has become immensely popular . So far , Telegram has about 50 million users , most of them outside Russia , though it 's clear some inside the Kremlin do use the app , including Putin 's official spokesperson , Dmitry Peskov . ( Peskov declined to speak about why he uses the app . )
The Electronic Frontier Foundation , the U.S.-based digital rights group , gave Telegram 's `` secret chats '' function seven out of seven on its secure messaging scorecard .
Durov insists there are no outside investors involved in Telegram – and there never will be . He has learned his lesson from VKontakte .
Meanwhile , Russian authorities continue their crackdown on freedom online . Lawmakers pushed through a bill requiring Internet companies that keep personal data on Russian citizens to store it within the country 's borders . The Kremlin has also said it 's considering the creation of a ‘ kill switch ' to unplug the country from the Internet `` in case of an emergency . ''
Last December , the Russian authorities ordered Facebook to block a protest page related to Navalny – and the American company complied with the government 's request , blocking access for users in Russia .
Durov tweeted that `` Facebook has no guts and no principles . ''
For his own part , he says , `` I will never comply with such a request from any government . ''
Lachlan Harris , a former political staffer who ran Kevin Rudd 's press shop , coined the inimitable phrase “ Kulia ” to describe the toxic fusion of two warring leaders , locked in a grim battle which ultimately destroyed a Labor government in full view of the voting public .
We are not yet at “ Mony ” in Canberra – the dynamic of the contemporary political civil war between Malcolm Turnbull and Tony Abbott is not a perfect replica of the Labor experience – but you do n't need to be a genius to observe the government is sowing the seeds of its own destruction if the dynamic persists .
Some éminence grise with tranquilising powers , such as John Howard , should step into the ring with a chair and a whip
Turnbull has no shortage of advice from the professional pipe smokers about how to address his problem .
Depending on who you read , Abbott should be brought back into cabinet , or given some sort of job , or better still some éminence grise with miraculous tranquillising powers , such as John Howard , should step into the ring with a chair and a whip . You can see it really , ca n't you ? Shut up Malcolm , Tony . Stand up and tuck your shirt in , Dad 's home .
Washed up on the sidelines of a melodrama , some government folks are quietly rehashing history . If only Abbott had made Turnbull treasurer in the months before the leadership change , everything could have been OK – perhaps the leadership change would n't have happened .
If only Turnbull had taken the early advice to bring Abbott back into the cabinet after he booted him out of the Lodge , then everything might have been OK .
Some people think Abbott would be appeased even now if he was brought back into the fold ; others insist Abbott is not now , nor has he ever been , a man of appeasement – there is only one tempo , and that 's crash through or crash .
Tony Abbott told his 'somewhat destructive ' interventions will help Shorten be next PM Read more
This is how it goes when something fundamental inside a government breaks . The sideline commentary veers between wisdom with hindsight , regret , frustration .
It 's a strange sort of dynamic because Abbott himself is claiming he does n't want his old job back and people close to Abbott ca n't see a resurrection outside some mass panic five minutes out from an election .
Kevin Rudd always had a constituency , both internally and with the voting public . His behaviour was self-indulgent and destructive but there were rational reasons to plot .
Abbott 's behaviour looks like nihilism .
Yet it 's more complicated than nihilism , and more multi-dimensional than malice . People close to Abbott insist his prime motivation is predominantly definitional : he wants to define the contemporary Coalition , shape the policy offering , determine where the centre ground is .
Abbott is also being nurtured psychologically and enabled practically by the rightwing Sydney shock jocks , Alan Jones and Ray Hadley – who act as an external , unelected caucus within the government , shoving the most powerful people in the country in and out of dungeons on a whim .
Alan Jones and Andrew Bolt take turns on Sky News elevating Abbott 's experience to the status of Greek tragedy
Hadley , evidently bored with toying with his house pet of choice , Scott Morrison , has tossed the treasurer and slotted in Abbott .
Jones and Andrew Bolt take turns on Sky News elevating Abbott 's experience to the status of Greek tragedy , because the contemporary reactionary right , the self-styled outsiders , have nothing to talk about if they are not being victimised by someone – the thought police , mouthy women , smug progressives , uppity foreigners , the ABC , the human rights commission , Malcolm Turnbull , secret communist .
Nurturing Abbott 's sense of grievance fits the default faux outsider narrative . Blessed are we , the downtrodden . On with the noble crusade .
I do n't know how Turnbull fixes his Abbott problem , apart from putting one foot in front of the other . I suspect he counters it by trying to find some connection with a voting public now inclined to give the government an absolute kicking .
In the last federal election we did see Turnbull try to find a connection with the voting public , largely by being himself .
Tony Abbott says he has a duty to speak out and wo n't quit politics Read more
The Liberals dutifully ran a Turnbull-heavy campaign , complete with presidential branding , which told voters innovation was the future , disruption was the future , tax cuts for big companies was the future – in other words , there were no lessons to be learned from the global financial crisis , Australia would continue on with the pre-1998 policy orthodoxy , never mind your low wages growth and your deep sense of economic insecurity because the winners of globalisation were more important than the losers .
We all know how that story ended , with the Coalition hanging by a thread .
The government is now attempting to remake itself before our very eyes .
The government could of course remake itself by thinking seriously about inequality , and how the centre-right redraws economic policy in an environment of corrosive public fatigue with neoliberalism – but that might offend its business backers and the witches of Macbeth on 2GB and Sky .
Perhaps the coming budget will deliver evidence of serious , centre-right , economic thinking . For the sake of the country , I really do hope so .
But in the interim the government is responding to the darkening public mood by flicking the switch to culture and values .
It 's familiar territory for the Coalition . Anyone who lived through the Howard era knows what inveterate culture warring looks like , and , in an era of mass fatigue with facts , experts and establishment wisdom , values are considered more cut-through territory .
If you can make someone feel something , perhaps they 'll listen . Trust me , whole business models are built on that very principle : it 's a working antidote to disruption .
I suspect this week 's citizenship and migration sortie will resonate where the government wants it to resonate , in areas of the country where the Coalition is under attack from populist insurgents ​such as One Nation .
If dog whistling and appeals to economic nationalism and xenophobia were n't fertile political ground , Brexit would n't have happened , and Donald Trump would n't have been elected , and Bill Shorten would n't be out tub-thumping with his new-fashioned labourism , and he has been for months , with his own little Australia-first campaign .
Tony Abbott says 'underhand ' leaking needs to stop after polling revealed Read more
Both government announcements this week – citizenship and 457s – were designed , workshopped , carefully internally over months , to telegraph sovereignty first , which hits the front-bar nod test .
But I 've said all week I really do n't think the prime minister , Mr Cosmopolitan , is at all credible as Mr Nationalist , particularly given he was Mr Cosmopolitan only five minutes ago and we were all here and saw it .
The nativist tone chafes against Turnbull 's entire public identity and his lived reality . I think that credibility gap remains a problem for the Coalition , and so do people inside the government .
Which leads us back to “ Mony ” and Abbott 's dogged desire to fashion the current incumbent of the Lodge in his own image .
When you step back and survey the sum of the parts , you can see Abbott 's incentive for hanging in there , waiting , influencing , campaigning , hoping for either himself or for someone he 'd consider a viable proxy , Peter Dutton .
Dutton , who holds his Queensland seat by a wafer-thin margin , and is one of the few cabinet ministers who live on the front line of outer-suburban Australian angst , will feel ​ he has every incentive in the current climate to go full populist .
But in the meantime , waiting for the cards to fall as they may , the Australian voting public is dished up the discordant near-daily spectacle , the strange hybrid , of two political leaders , duelling prime ministers – neither of whom lived up to their promise .
Pretty depressing , that .
January 26 , 2015 at 5:39 PM
Update at 8 p.m.| Tukwila police arrested four people after a fight during which someone fired a handgun inside Southcenter mall Monday .
Officers were dispatched to a report of shots fired at the mall shortly after 5 p.m. and , upon arrival , identified and detained the four people who had been involved in a fight , according to the Tukwila Police Department .
During the fight , one person allegedly fired a single shot that struck another fight participant in the hand .
Officers found a handgun in the parking lot outside of the north mall entrance , police said .
The person who was shot had a superficial wound that was treated at the scene . No one else was injured .
Update at 5:50 p.m. : A Southcenter mall security official said “ the situation is under control ” and stores are reopening after a reported lockdown .
Original post : Police are investigating a reported shooting at Westfield Southcenter mall in Tukwila .
One person was reportedly injured , but it 's unclear if the person was wounded in a shooting , according to Times news partner KING-TV .
The shooting occurred near the north entrance to the Tukwila mall .
This post will be updated .
AP Eight percent of all sports fans are legally drunk when they leave a football or baseball stadium , according to University of Minnesota researchers— and everyone who has ever been to a football or baseball game .
The study asked 360 fans to blow into a breathalyzer after leaving games and 40 % were found to be drinking .
Yes , it 's a small sample size , but if those percentages hold , it would mean that 6,600 people would leave a typical New York Giants or Jets home game with blood alcohol content above the legal limit . ( The New Meadowlands Stadium holds 82,500 people for football . )
But the truth , it could be much worse . They study only used 3 football games and no college games , where alcohol is usually banned , but tailgating is more popular .
In 1996 , astronomers snapped a shot of W75N ( B ) -VLA 2 , a protostar about 4,200 light years from Earth . Then , three years ago , they did the same . What they caught in the intervening 18 years was the extremely slow process of a massive star being born . Even at this young age , It 's already 300 times brighter than the sun .
The formation of a massive star is a chaotic and violent event . As dust coalesces in a ring around the protostar 's gravity well , it forms a barrier of sorts that funnels jets of ionic gases out the ring 's holes . Over the 18 years witnessed so far , those fiery winds have grown from a small bolus into a tremendous expanding oval that appears to be as tall as the dust ring is wide .
It 's been a wild couple of weeks—increasing unemployment , Greek debt crisis , yet another ridiculous bailout , pressure on Goldman Sachs , accusations of commodities manipulation by JP Morgan Chase , and new freakish levels of market volatility that might be signaling the next phase of market collapse . The many day-to-day issues can leave us dazed and confused , so most people ignore them . Huge mistake .
They are all related to the most powerful force on earth that controls our lives because it is the very foundation of our society—usury . We are ruled not by governments anymore but by financial powers that use interest-bearing debt to exert control over governments , corporations , and people . Almost all other political issues with which we concern ourselves are secondary symptoms of or purposeful distractions from this larger narrative that is never reported by the Wall-Street-funded media . Sadly the church has remained silent as well .
Explaining the details can be extremely complicated , but the basic core to understand is that the US government issues no money . Instead all money comes from private banking institutions with interest attached . At times in the past the US government issued real money for people to use—US notes and coins . But today all money comes from the Federal Reserve 's private banking system by putting the US government , i.e . 308,000,000 Americans , in debt . If the US government were not in debt to the banking system , the American people would have no money .
More technically , the Fed and its Wall Street cartel banks like JP Morgan Chase and Goldman Sachs make billions by doing nothing but controlling our money . They have the monopoly license to create the core money in our system from holding US Treasury bonds on their balance sheets . These bonds represent the debt of the United States . Thanks to interest , the bonds pull a large portion of our wages to the banks . The primary purpose of the IRS is to take your wages to pay the interest back to the banks . In effect , Wall Street owns a good bit of your labor . And the more bonds they hold , i.e . the more debt the population is in , the more money they make thanks to the interest flows and the profits from gambling on your debt . The system is very much one of “ us vs. them. ” Such is the nature of monopoly power and usury .
Economics and Morality
Controlling others and living off their backs by forcing them to borrow with interest in order to have any money is called usury ( this does not include standard , self-liquidating bank loans to businesses to fund production ) . It is a system that ensures everything we do , whether in the public or private sector , feeds Wall Street and the controllers above it . It creates a two-tiered societal pyramid of money pushers on top vs. money users on bottom . The power differential is huge . Everyone is hostage . In doing something as simple as buying food to survive , we contribute to usury because we only have usury-based money , not real money . Like the slaves who built the Egyptian pyramids , today we are stuck building an invisible pyramid of monetary power .
In such a system there is never enough money to pay back all the interest to the money pushers . The only solution is for the money users—government , corporations , individuals—to borrow more . This is the reason our debt continues skyrocketing to increasingly insane levels . It is n't about politics , but the fundamental exponential math underlying the system—the users must borrow more and more to pay back interest and keep the system afloat . Such math is guaranteed to fail . Iceland and Greece have reached the point of failure . The rest of the Europe and the US will experience failure as well . Then we will see money and assets vacuumed up the pyramid by the money pushers—the banking establishment that owns the collateral and can take your property .
The exponential math not only creates exponential debt growth , but also exponentially increasing :
Scale – government and businesses keep getting bigger ; we get smaller and local communities lose their meaning
Velocity – the hamster wheel keeps spinning faster ; human life suffers
Consumption – we buy more and more things that break more quickly
Production – we make more and more things that break more quickly
Inflation – the dollar buys less and less ; we ca n't seem to make progress
None of these things have to happen in an economic system . They only happen in ours because of debt-based money , usury , that greatly benefits the top of the pyramid while everyone else suffers to a certain degree depending on their level in the pyramid .
So this system is guaranteed to fail due to not only the impossible math , but also the fundamental immorality . Taken together those five issues paint a horrible picture . Republicans blame Democrats and vice-versa . Nope . It 's all a very simple result of a system based on usury , which used to be considered profoundly immoral . It was a fundamental violation of every major religion . It still is for Islam , but Christianity succumbed long ago . They thought a free market economic system would be beneficial , but got snookered into thinking that usury had to be part of that system . On the contrary , monolithic usury kills the free market .
Our monetary system is a top-down controlling machine , not a free market . It is run not by government , but by the most powerful financial interests in the world . Some people feel in their guts that someone must be stealing from them because they just ca n't get ahead no matter how hard they work . Well that 's because it 's true—someone is legally stealing from them . The simple math of usury pulls money from people on the bottom of the pyramid who create real value toward those at the top who create no value . MBAs and others serving the system must reckon with this truth rather than remaining blind . Farmers understand it well , having lost their property over the years to the bankers . Families feel it in the fact that it 's difficult to get enough money to feed the kids compared to 50 years ago when one parent could work a standard week and feed a family of five . Everyone in the system will feel it once the debt system collapses as it is doing in Greece .
Living off the backs of others was called feudalism 300 years ago . It was slavery 100 years ago . Today it 's called the “ free market ” thanks to the propaganda and fraud of neoclassical economics . It completely ignores the truth of our monetary system , the math behind it , and the eventual collapse that will result from it . Greece is giving us a glimpse , but it is only a mild pre-game warmup compared to what 's coming . The world will rue the day it was ever seduced into accepting usury and the illusion of prosperity driven by nothing but debt .
The Irrelevant Church
On this issue of monolithic usury , the issue from which many of our other problems spawn , the church seems to have no voice . Recently , an older church leader told me , “ Keep it up , this needs to be addressed , but you have more guts than me , I do n't want to be killed. ” Sobering comment , to be sure , but in the shadow of Gandhi , Dietrich Bonhoeffer , Oscar Romero , and Martin Luther King , is the church now impotent ? Are its leaders now too afraid to speak truth to power , to stand against darkness ? Or is the problem that the church is , like most of us , fooled by the myth that we live in a free market so we do n't realize we are immersed in an immoral system of controlling usury ?
Lower class Greek citizens are now learning the painful truth about the mythical free market . A few of them have died as the police brutally repress them to enforce the usury system for the rich bankers like Goldman Sachs . Where is the voice of Bishop Romero ? “ I order you , stop the repression ! ” Iceland learned the lesson a few months ago . Several other populations have learned the lesson in the past as the controlling debt peddlers punished , conquered , and restructured their countries ( Indonesia , Malaysia , Thailand , India , Argentina , Chile , Mexico , England , etc. ) . The same lesson is coming to the rest of Europe and the United States . But again , the church seems to be oblivious . It failed to heed Martin Luther King 's warning , “ One of the great liabilities of history is that all too many people fail to remain awake…today our very survival depends on our ability to stay awake. ” The church has fallen asleep .
The Dialectic of Left vs . Right
A possible reason is that the church has been co-opted by the manipulative left vs. right civil war created by the corporate media . In fact , Protestant denominations have split into conservative vs. liberal camps so they war against each other—Wall Street is brilliant at divide and conquer . Some sermons in conservative denominations sound like speeches from conservative politicians . Liberal Christian magazines sometimes seem to be just liberal political magazines with an added dash of Jesus .
Postmodernism should inform us that the left vs. right narrative is contrived to keep people from noticing the real power structure behind Wall Street that controls our lives . As long as the church submits to the false framework , church leaders will be “ safe. ” But that means they will also be irrelevant because they are not speaking to the primary narrative in our world that has always caused problems and is getting ready to unleash far more pain and poverty in the near future—the issue of monolithic usury and debt servitude . By not speaking against usury , the church has become a pawn of it . So the church has largely been conquered by the same concocted civil war that has divided society .
Dollar Tyranny
Another reason the church may be silent is the simple fact that it depends on money just like everything else does . Since all money in our system comes from usury , it is difficult to even notice it . And what authority would the church have to speak against it since it is itself complicit in it ? Anybody or any organization that uses a Federal Reserve Note or a credit/debit card , which everyone must do , is unknowingly participating in usury because , again , all of that money comes from the bonds held by Wall Street . But knowingly or not , how could the church or any organization speak against the very thing that fuels its own existence ?
The church 's tax-exempt status may be another reason for the silence . Tax exemption is one of the powerful ways the financial empire system influences and controls other entities . If the wrong person says the wrong thing , the IRS has the ability to suddenly remove the exemption , which doubles the cost of running that organization . The church never should have submitted to such tyranny over what may or may not be said .
Comfort of the Middle Class Bubble
Finally , it seems the comfort provided by the monetary system for the great mass in the middle , which is a key part of the church , keeps us from wanting to really think about it . The illusion of peace and prosperity that has lasted for so long has been nice . Some of us even thought we had that comfort because we were better people , so God blessed us . Reckoning with the truth will be painful for those who believe this . The fact is that our perceived comfort today is a result of the darkness of usury . The middle can only exist because there is a bottom that keeps our system afloat . They are the only reason the middle class exists . Moreover , the comfort is currently an illusion because most in the middle class do n't realize how indebted they are . Total unfunded liabilities currently hidden on the government 's financials put each American in an extra $ 300,000+ in debt that they currently are n't aware of . That debt comes from the fact that , again , our money comes from usury .
Since the bubble was built on usury , its very existence is immoral , and everyone who participates in it becomes infected . It is also flimsy because usury means the bubble is sustained by debt . Many are already aware of the hollowness of the bubble since it has destroyed the fabric of our communities and a sense of deeper meaning in life . But others are able to ignore that and focus on the material comfort . What will happen to them once the material comfort itself crashes ? It will soon . Some market forecasters predict the final collapse of our debt system will be worse than the Great Depression . The math is clear—it will be worse . Just like Greece , we will then see Wall Street paying the government to crackdown on the people , cancel social programs , and take their assets from them to hand them over to the upper class behind the banks . That is the end result of usury—using debt to control others and take their assets so they have no equity . At that point it will be too late for the church to save the lower and middle classes from violent repression and the upper class from their narcissistic detachment from the horror .
“ Silence is Betrayal ”
So is there a wing of the church that has not yet sold its soul ? Is there a remaining Christian voice against usury , or are Muslims the only people in the world who stand against it ? The church must wake up to the truth of our system and become relevant again . This is the civil rights issue of the 21st century , only this time it is not black vs. white but a few money pushers vs. the great mass of users . The power of the bond market is getting ready to wreak havoc . We 're all in it together this time . As Martin Luther King said , “ There comes a time when silence is betrayal….That time has come for us today. ” Will the real church please speak up ?
Damon has had two fairly different lives—one as an overachiever serving the financial empire , and another as a hopeful advocate for the victims of the empire : local community , indigenous population , the American republic , and the individual heart . He graduated from the United States Military Academy , served as an officer in the US Army , then graduated from Harvard Business School , took a short detour on Wall Street , and had a career in Silicon Valley in several leadership positions in technology corporations . Since leaving empire service , he became a mountaineer , attended Mars Hill Graduate School , and now works toward redemption as a writer and post-neoclassical economic philosopher . See the beginnings of his course on Renaissance 2.0 here .
Damon can be reached at : . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address )
I was shocked to read a story in Canada 's highly conservative national newspaper , The Globe and Mail , a couple of days ago in which well-known investor and columnist Chris Umiastowski , P.Eng. , MBA , warned of the risk in holding Monsanto stock . It was refreshing to read the views of an investor who is not just concerned about the bottom line but also the potential health and environmental risks in such a conservative paper . I knew that this was a victory-of-sorts for all of us who share a concern over the increasingly genetically-modified nature of our food supply .
In his column , “ Monsanto : A food stock with a bad aftertaste , ” he shares : “ it 's just as important to know what stocks to avoid as it is to know which ones to invest in . Most growth trends do n't last forever and you do n't want to be stuck holding the bag when growth disappears or reverses. ” Here is an investor who is recognizing the “ battle raging between consumers and Monsanto ” that could leave fallout for investors left holding the bag when consumers take back their right to know what is contained in the food they eat .
While labelling of GM-foods is not legally required in Canada or in the United States , consumer groups are gradually certifying an increasing number of foods as “ GM-Free ” as a way to take back a right that regulators are not recognizing that we deserve . Consumers are waging a peaceful revolution against Monsanto and other GM-food suppliers as well as the government agencies that turn a blind eye to the environmental and health ramifications of GM-foods and crops . As an aside : European governments have been more progressive in recognizing the human right to know when our food supply has been tampered with and many countries there consider labeling of GM foods standard practice .
But back to the article I read : This investor admits that he normally writes about technology stocks and trends , adding “ you may not realize that what we feed ourselves and our families has a lot of biotechnology baked into it. ” Corn , soy , canola , and many other crops are increasingly genetically-modified . Even tomatoes are turning into Frankenfoods at the hands of agribusiness ( Check out my article 11 Reasons to Love Tomatoes , no genetically-engineering is not one of them ) .
Mr. Umiastowski adds that “ the trend will be toward more ingredient labeling , not less . And , this poses a big danger to Monsanto. ” Equally important , he continues , “ personally , I 'd rather own a business that is not only growing at a solid clip , but feels good to hold in my portfolio . For me , Monsanto doesn ‘ t cut it . ”
Most of these thoughts may not sound like news to environmentalists and health-conscious readers of Care2.com , but having both a top national investor and a leading conservative paper publish these views is what makes this article stand out for me .
And since not enough people are really aware of the stocks held in their pension plans , mutual funds , and other investment portfolios , it 's a call to action to literally , put your money where your mouth is , so to speak .
Subscribe to my free e-magazine World ‘ s Healthiest News to receive monthly health news , tips , recipes and more . Follow me on my site HealthySurvivalist.com , Twitter @ mschoffrocook and Facebook . The information contained in this blog is my personal opinion .
Related :
17 Essential Reasons to Eat Organic Food
Study Links Roundup to Obesity , Cancer and More
The commons were at the core of a founding document of Western democracy
Peter Linebaugh , professor of history at the University of Toledo , is the author of The Magna Carta Manifesto : Liberties and Commons for All . His previous books are The London Hanged : Crime and Civil Society in the Eighteenth Century and The Many-Headed Hydra : The Hidden History of the Revolutionary Atlantic ( with Marcus Rediker ) .
In one of his communiqués from the Lancandon jungle of Chiapas Subcomandante Marcos , the spokesman of the Zapatista indigenous people 's revolt that burst upon the world in 1994 , referred , of all things , to the Magna Carta . Why the Magna Carta , an eight-hundred-year-old document from Medieval England ?
Marcos went on to describe how the ejido , or traditional commons of Mexico enshrined in the national constitution , is being destroyed . He invoked the Magna Carta not only to assert the protections against state power that we associate with this famous English document , but to emphasize the right of people to claim common resources as well .
For eight centuries , the Magna Carta has been venerated for its establishment of political and legal rights . The Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments to the U.S. Constitution quote its language . Eleanor Roosevelt in her 1948 speech to the UN urging adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , expressed the hope that it would take its place alongside the Magna Carta and the U.S. Bill of Rights . The document has been deemed the foundation of Western democracy and invoked by many , including Winston Churchill , to glorify Anglo-American world dominance and empire building .
There is , I believe , a narrow conservative interpretation of the Magna Carta that stresses “ freedom under law , ” and a more radical interpretation that establishes the commons and protects the rights of the poor to use it to earn their own livings . belonged to the commoners , and the trees to both . Grazing and hunting , gathering wood for fuel and construction , and picking berries and medicinal plants all sustained country people , especially the poor and widows , who had few other means of support . This is the forest many remember from the Robin Hood legends , based on the Yorkshire fugitive Robert Hod in 1226 , who flourished at the moment of the Magna Carta .
The Norman Conquest had disrupted these customs of the forest that had prevailed for centuries . The forest became the sole property of the king , although traditional patterns prevailed in many places . But in July 1203 , King John instructed his chief forester , Hugh de Neville , to sell forest privileges “ to make our profit by selling woods. ” This emboldened his opponents to demand that the forest once again become a common open to all .
Upon leaving the barons at Runnymede , scarcely had the mud dried on his boots when King John resumed war upon his opponents and began to plot with the pope against them . Innocent III declared the Magna Carta null and void and prohibited the king from observing it . When King John died the next year , the fate of the charter—indeed its whereabouts—was uncertain .
In 1217 , the new king , ten-year-old Henry III , was directed by his regents to grant a new charter of liberties , based on the 1215 charter and “ also a charter of the forest , ” drafted in 1217 . But it was only eighty years later when Edward I ordered that the charters become the common law of the land .
What value does the right of access to commons have for people living in modern societies today ? Actually the rights laid out in this seminal document of Western law have their equivalents in modern social programs . Piscary , herbage , and pannage , the rights of commoners to fish and graze livestock on the lord 's land , can be compared to food stamps and social security or welfare in the United States . Estover , firebotes , and turbary—the rights to harvest wood and peat from the commons forest—correspond to housing aid and energy assistance .
One aim in bringing this forgotten history of the Magna Carta back to the surface is to put the commons back into view as a fundamental right enshrined in one of the earliest documents of constitutional democracy . Another aim is to rouse today 's commoners to think about protecting the commons through constitutional measures , as is already the case in Mexico , Venezuela , Ecuador , and Bolivia . The Magna Carta is a radical document at the root of our constitutional systems , yet at the root of the Magna Carta is the commons .
Adapted from the book The Magna Carta Manifesto : Liberties and Commons for All © 2008 by Peter Linebaugh , published the University of California Press . It appears in the OTC book All That We Share : A Field Guide to the Commons .
DAYTONA BEACH — Many of the 374 Bethune-Cookman University graduates booed Wednesday as their speaker , U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos , received her honorary degree .
Then , as she began her commencement address , they stood and turned their backs .
Protests inside and outside the Ocean Center capped days of controversy , with students , alumni and political activists taking on DeVos and the Trump administration policies on historically black colleges and universities , and others expressing dismay that university President Edison Jackson chose DeVos to address graduates at a celebratory event .
As DeVos began to speak , and the boos continued , Jackson intervened .
`` If this behavior continues , your degrees will be mailed to you , ” he warned . “ Choose which way you want to go . ''
Some remained standing in defiance while boos and catcalls continued . Jasmine Johnson , one of the students who turned her back toward DeVos , explained : `` Betsy is not for my HBCU nor the students that attend . She does not represent the legacy of Dr. Mary McLeod Bethune , nor does she represent me . It felt good to take a stand against something I was not for . ''
But DeVos continued to speak , too , invoking Bethune 's motto , `` Enter to learn , depart to serve , '' and urging students to walk forward in service , courage and grace amid `` a chorus of conflict . ''
In the end , to `` Pomp and Circumstance , '' those graduates marched across the stage , received their diplomas and the well-wishes of more than 800 proud parents and families celebrating the university 's 75th commencement ceremony , one that left many talking — exhibiting a diversity of viewpoints .
LA Von Baker , the aunt of a graduating student , supported the students ' actions .
“ I think they should stand up for what they believe in , ” Baker said . “ That 's what school is all about . ”
But not all family members were as pleased .
“ It was unfair to graduates , ” said Denise Porter , the aunt of a graduate . “ They could n't hear what ( DeVos ) was saying . ”
Rutha White , 1958 B-CU graduate , said students should 've given DeVos a fair shake .
“ I believe President Jackson chose her because he believes in her , ” White said . “ We must show love , no matter who it is . Mrs. Bethune would n't have it any other way . ”
Fourth-generation B-CU graduate Tiffany Todd said she was happy to receive her diploma , but did not agree with DeVos ' selection as speaker .
“ It seems like students did n't get a chance to voice their opinions , ” Todd said .
Kaylisse Sellers said she was embarrassed by the actions of her peers .
“ It 's important to have an open mind and hear people out , ” Sellers said . “ ( DeVos ) probably came to clear the air . Everyone deserves a fair chance . ”
DeVos 'grateful '
DeVos — the Michigan billionaire who was confirmed as President Donald Trump 's education secretary on Feb. 7 , by a 51-50 Senate vote — generated controversy when she called historically black colleges and universities `` pioneers of school choice . '' Her choice to speak at Bethune-Cookman , and the university 's choice to invite her , sparked protests by the NAACP Florida State Conference and others .
Before the chilly reception for DeVos , another White House official was introduced . Omarosa Manigault , director of communications for the White House 's Office of Public Liaison and perhaps better known from Trump 's reality show , `` The Apprentice , '' was also booed .
Despite the backlash , DeVos remained composed and spoke at length . She said she was grateful for the opportunity to speak .
“ One of the hallmarks of higher education and democracy is the ability to converse and learn with who we disagree with , ” she said .
DeVos did n't wade much into policy in her public remarks .
“ We support you and will continue to support you , ” DeVos said . “ I and the entire administration are committed to your success and to the success of students across the country . ”
( READ : Text of U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos ' commencement speech to Bethune-Cookman University 's 2017 graduates )
After Jackson 's admonishment , some of the booing dissipated . Most of the graduates , except for roughly a dozen , took their seats .
DeVos referred to Bethune — the founder whose legacy touches most everything on the campus — as a visionary and leader she respected .
“ She believed it was her sacred duty to use education to uplift others , ” DeVos said . “ This inspired daughter of slaves refused to accept repulsive and systematic racism . She moved mountains . ”
But DeVos was again booed when she said she had plans to visit the Bethune 's house and gravesite on campus later . By day 's end , she issued a prepared statement praising Bethune-Cookman 's president and students :
`` One of the hallmarks of higher education , and of democracy , is the ability to converse with and learn from those with whom we disagree . I have respect for all those who attended , including those who demonstrated their disagreement with me , '' she said . `` While we may share differing points of view , my visit and dialogue with students leaves me encouraged and committed to support HBCUs . ''
Unanswered questions
For days , the university president dodged questions surrounding DeVos ' visit , saying all inquiries would be answered at a news conference before the event . When that arrived , not all reporters ' questions got answered .
Jackson arrived more than 20 minutes late and spoke only briefly , addressing four questions from about twice that number of reporters .
“ We are are going to do our best to ensure that students and families enjoy this day because they worked so hard to be here , ” Jackson said .
DeVos is in a position where she can be of great benefit to Bethune-Cookman , Jackson reasoned . He also preached a message he had earlier sent about the need for students to listen to different viewpoints , even those with which they do not necessarily agree .
“ It is important to understand that people will disagree , but you should not roll over and play dead because you disagree , ” Jackson said . “ We are brought up as nation that it is healthy to disagree . We can disagree rather than be disagreeable .
“ We always are about the business of making new friends , and if you do n't have friends , it makes it difficult to raise money , ” Jackson said a day after discounting protesters who have n't donated money to the university .
Board Trustees Chairman Joe Petrock said that 31 trustees confirmed DeVos invitation , and the school 's primary concern is helping its students .
Asked if B-CU invited DeVos or if she requested to visit , Jackson revealed little , only saying the two had talks in Washington .
Historically significant ?
During the press conference , Albert Mosley , the university 's chief operating officer , spoke of how , in 1967 , B-CU President Richard Moore invited William Page , Region 4 director of the U.S. Department of Health , Education and Welfare , to campus .
“ Moore 's foresight of bringing William Page to campus at the height of racial and social unrest in this country was not the most popular decision , ” Mosley said . “ However , President Moore 's decision was an important step in the process of initiating conversations regarding support of historically black institutions in this country . ”
Inviting DeVos Wednesday is similar , Mosley said , in that it could help influence policy and decisions affecting schools like Bethune-Cookman .
“ This presents for us an opportunity to engage in conversation and dialogue with the secretary and also to introduce her to historically black institutions , ” Mosley said . “ We are very aware of the misstatement that was made several months ago . This is for an opportunity to engage and to educate the secretary about historically black institutions ”
Roughly 12 students and alumni had the opportunity to speak with DeVos today , Mosley said , adding that talks with DeVos have been ongoing .
“ What people do n't see is all of the conversation that has occurred prior to today , ” Mosley said . “ It 's unfortunate because of the public 's desire to rush to judgment and to reach conclusions rather quickly , no one stops to think about all else that occurred prior to this moment here . There is considerable dialogue and conversation that has taken place . ''
Jacari Williams-Harris , president of the pre-alumni council , spoke of recent developments in housing at B-CU and how DeVos could help further the institution .
“ At Bethune-Cookman , we build bridges and that 's what we 'll continue to do , ” Williams-Harris said . “ We will just continue to stay focused and educate ourselves and educate her ( DeVos ) and her office to ensure that were going to have a collaborative effort of HBCUs , particularly Bethune-Cookman . ”
Williams-Harris said he did not meet DeVos , but would later . He did not answer whether students were consulted prior to her invitation .
Clifford Porter , assistant vice president for institutional advancement , later said that Jackson asked her to visit and while talks have yielded nothing concrete , they have been productive .
He said B-CU could 've done a better job in communicating DeVos ' visit .
Lively protest outside
Outside the Ocean Center Wednesday , three dozen protesters gathered on a corner as graduating from Bethune-Cookman University students streamed into the building .
The protesters held signs , such as `` No to DeVos , '' and chanted `` No justice , no peace . '' Among them was Jeff Branch , who graduated from B-CU in 2005 . He said that commencement was the wrong forum to bring DeVos to the school because it did not promote dialogue with the students .
`` This is a monologue , '' he said . `` This is a platform for the White House to say he ( Trump ) and DeVos are committed to HBCUs when their actions have shown otherwise . It 's a photo-op , ''
Cynthia Slater , president of the NAACP in Volusia County , said that B-CU 's administration had lost all credibility . `` This is not a game , '' she said . `` This is serious and someone needs to be held accountable . ''
Even the Rev . Jesse Jackson , the civil rights icon , spoke by phone late Wednesday to The News-Journal about DeVos ' visit , saying that she had been disrespectful .
“ She turned her back on black colleges and our reason for being , ” he said .
He said that he would like to see DeVos and the Department of Education address the needs of historically black colleges and universities .
“ I wish now Dr. DeVos can have a serious dialogue , ” he said , “ about our real needs . More capital improvement . More research . More Pell Grants . And less discrimination . ”
Jackson praised B-CU 's students , who he said deserved to be inspired at graduation .
“ At least the students , ” he said , “ were nonviolent as they expressed their pain . ”
Among protesters outside the Ocean Center , Terrance Cribbs-Lorrant , a 2002 graduate from Miami , said he was not trying to overshadow the event 's purpose .
`` We support our graduates , '' he said . `` This was a platform created for someone else 's agenda . Their graduation was stolen from them because they did n't have a voice . ''
Fedrick Ingram , vice president of the Florida Education Center , said that he had returned to his alma mater from Tallahassee to congratulate the class of 2017 but also to show his displeasure with university leaders ' “ audacity ” to invite DeVos , who `` does not stand for public education . ”
DeVos has spent two decades advocating for tuition voucher programs and charter schools as choices for families stuck with failing public schools , but critics say the movement has only drawn funding and focus away from improving those schools .
“ Ninety-five percent of these kids come from public education , ” Ingram said . “ They will go back and help these same schools and these same communities that are impoverished and are challenged . ”
Jasmine Smith , a junior at B-CU , said that she was proud of the graduating class .
“ This shows , ” she said , “ that students need more of a say in who their commencement speaker will be . ”
.embed-container { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; height : 0 ; overflow : hidden ; max-width : 100 % ; } .embed-container iframe , .embed-container object , .embed-container embed { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
The New York Rangers are back in the Stanley Cup Playoffs . They clinched their eighth playoff berth in nine seasons when the New Jersey Devils lost 1-0 to the Calgary Flames on Monday night .
The play of goaltender Henrik Lundqvist keyed New York 's road to the postseason , but the similarities to past Rangers teams generally end there . The 2013-14 Rangers were propelled by some relatively fresh faces that excelled once they adjusted to the new plan installed by incoming coach Alain Vigneault .
It 's an impressive turnaround considering the difficult transition New York had to make at the start of the season . There was a new coach , a new system , a number of players entering their first full season with the team and even a newly-renovated Madison Square Garden . That transition was magnified by a season-opening nine-game road trip on which New York went 3-6-0 .
The New York Rangers have qualified for the Stanley Cup Playoffs thanks to an adjustment to Alain Vigneault 's system . ( Photo : Graig Abel/NHLI ) The New York Rangers have qualified for the Stanley Cup Playoffs thanks to an adjustment to Alain Vigneault 's system .
Six months after that challenging trip , the Rangers sit second in the Metropolitan Division . They are two points ahead of the Philadelphia Flyers , who hold a game in hand and could face New York in the Eastern Conference First Round .
Here are five reasons the Rangers are headed back to the playoffs .
1 . Lundqvist a rock
It 's only fair this list begins with Lundqvist . The franchise goaltender struggled in the first few weeks of the season while he adapted to NHL-mandated equipment alterations and negotiated a contract extension . Even once all those early-season distractions were settled , there was talk that Lundqvist was n't quite his old self .
No one is saying that anymore . Since sitting for three straight games in late December in favor of backup Cam Talbot , Lundqvist recaptured the form that has made him the face of the franchise and one of the League 's top goaltenders for close to a decade . And he 's only improved since winning a silver medal for Sweden at the 2014 Sochi Olympics . Lundqvist sat out the first game after the Olympics , then proceeded to start 16 of New York 's next 18 games .
His workload increased as his play improved , and the goaltender has starred in the season 's final weeks , closing out March with a 5-1-0 run in which he posted a 2.17 goals-against average and .924 save percentage .
2 . Adapting to the new system
Vigneault spent seven seasons molding the Vancouver Canucks into one of the League 's most dangerous offensive teams . So naturally he was expected to add some of that flair when the Rangers hired him last summer . He earned poor grades during the Rangers ' early struggles , but has since found chemistry with his forward lines and turned New York into a dangerous scoring threat that has also limited opposition chances .
The Rangers ' attack found its stride when rookie Chris Kreider was matched on the wing opposite the high-scoring Rick Nash . With Derek Stepan in the middle , that top line 's speed along the wing typified an attack that started scoring in bunches . A bounce-back season from Brad Richards and the emergence of a strong two-way line featuring Mats Zuccarello , Derick Brassard and Benoit Pouliot gave New York a balanced scoring attack that brought back memories of Vigneault 's potent Canucks teams .
New York 's offense has kicked into high gear since the start of the new year , scoring 115 goals in 38 games for an average of 3.03 per game .
3 . Road play
The Rangers ' marathon trip to start the season gave the impression that road games might be a challenge , but they moved on and slowly became the League 's best road team , setting a new franchise mark with 25 victories away from MSG .
New York went 22-8-1 away from home after the early trip and had a 25-14-1 road record that was the League 's best heading into their final road game April 12 against the Montreal Canadiens . The offense helped lead the charge much of the season , but it was New York 's defense that starred on the road . The Rangers allowed 65 goals in their 31 road games after the season-opening trek , amounting to a 2.10 goals-against average .
That exceptional play away from MSG could be a key to any postseason success the Rangers enjoy .
4 . Depth in the middle
New York got strong play from its goaltending and defense , but center was easily the Rangers ' deepest position . Stepan established himself as New York 's top center last season and Richards recaptured his game in 2013-14 to give the Rangers two playmaking pivots . Brassard also emerged on the third line , setting a career high with 18 goals and putting himself within striking distance of his career best 47-point season with the Columbus Blue Jackets in 2010-11 .
Most teams would be more than happy to have one strong two-way center on their fourth line ; the Rangers have two . Brian Boyle and offseason acquisition Dominic Moore gave the Rangers everything they needed from their checking line and only improved as the season went along . Both Boyle and Moore consistently won faceoffs , established a strong forecheck and occasionally provided timely scoring while leading a penalty kill that was statistically among the League 's best .
5 . McDonagh breaks through
Ryan McDonagh Defense - NYR GOALS : 14 | ASST : 29 | PTS : 43
SOG : 177 | +/- : 11
Lundqvist is the Rangers ' best goalie and Nash their best natural scorer , but defenseman Ryan McDonagh may have established himself as New York 's best all-round player . Before sustaining a shoulder injury on April 1 against the Canucks , McDonagh was enjoying a career year in which he emerged as a true franchise defenseman .
Teamed with Dan Girardi , McDonagh was tasked with shutting down the opposition 's top scoring line every night . He also found his scoring touch both on the power play and at even strength . His 14 goals are the most by a Rangers defenseman since Brian Leetch scored 21 in 2000-01 and he led Rangers defensemen in every major statistical category , including goals , points , power-play points , shots and ice time .
Fortunately for the Rangers , McDonagh is day-to-day and expected to return from his shoulder injury soon .
-- -
Editor 's note : The illicit drug trade is undergoing a seismic shift , with Utah in the middle of the deadly impact of opioids . You can read more about this modern-day plague on DeseretNews.com .
Iceland is known for its ice fields , its myths of elves and trolls and being one of the best places in the world to see the Northern Lights .
In the late 1990s , the capital of Reykjavik was also known as a place where downtown felt unsafe on Friday nights , according to a recent article in the Atlantic .
“ There were hordes of teenagers getting in your face drunk , ” American psychology professor Harvey Milkman told the magazine .
At the time , Iceland had one of the worst rates of teen substance abuse in Europe . “ Say no to drugs ” was n't working . And so the tiny Nordic country embarked on a radical experiment .
The program , eventually dubbed Youth Iceland , was based partly on the work of Milkman , a psychology professor at Metropolitan State College of Denver .
As an intern at Bellevue Psychiatric Hospital in New York in the 1970s , Milkman had been in what he called the “ eye of the storm of the drug revolution. ” His doctoral dissertation explored why some people turned to heroin while others chose amphetamines . He found that it often came down to how people preferred dealing with stress . Heroin users wanted to numb themselves . Amphetamine users wanted to “ actively confront stress ” through stimulation that distracted them .
Milkman 's work drew the attention of the U.S. National Institute on Drug Abuse , which was building a team of researchers to better understand addiction .
Milkman found that alienation , depression or even thrill seeking might lead someone to try drugs or alcohol . But why did some continue using and others did n't ? Milkman says this question led to an “ aha moment. ” Those most likely to develop a reliance on drugs or alcohol might be at risk before they even took the drug because of how they coped with stress .
“ They could be on the threshold for abuse before they even took the drug , because it was their style of coping they were abusing , ” Milkman recently told the Atlantic .
In other words , those who liked to “ actively confront ” stress were often seeking a rush , which they might find committing petty crimes like shoplifting , or through taking stimulants . Others were drawn to sedatives , like alcohol , to reduce anxiety .
What if he could give teenagers a “ natural high ” instead , and they became hooked on this feeling ?
In 1992 , Milkman and a team of researchers won a $ 1.2 million grant to form something called Project Self Discovery . The program targeted kids 14 and up who were n't in need of treatment but had started getting into trouble . Project Self Discovery was built around the idea of letting kids pick what they wanted to learn — it could be martial arts , dancing or boxing . They also included a life skills class that helped kids change the way they saw themselves and how they interacted with others .
Milkman 's work caught the attention of a young researcher at the University of Iceland in the mid-'90s . She wondered if they could use the program not just for kids with substance abuse problems , but also for kids who had never begun using .
At the time , Iceland 's rate of teen substance abuse was dismal : over 40 percent of teens between the age of 13 and 16 reported on a national survey that they had been drunk in the last month . Twenty-five percent reported smoking , and 17 percent reported using marijuana . The survey also wanted to uncover contributing factors to substance abuse .
A handful of factors emerged as barriers to drug use , and some were surprising : spending significant time with parents during the week made a big difference , as did participate in organized activities ( especially sports ) three to four times a week , and feeling of being cared about at school .
Built on this research , Iceland created its Youth Iceland program , which may be the most ambitious anti-drug campaign to date .
Youth Iceland encouraged parents to attend talks on the importance of spending quantity — rather than just quality — time with their children during the week . The researchers also suggested parents keep their kids home at night .
The government pumped millions of dollars into new programs for sports , music , arts and dance . Kids needed to feel like they were part of something . And they needed to find the “ natural high ” Milkman had identified as a more surefire way to prevent substance abuse than “ Just Say No ” programs . Low-income families — who previously could n't afford to sign their kids up for sports leagues or art classes — were given a “ leisure card ” of $ 325 a year to participate in recreational activities with their children .
The government also implemented a nationwide curfew : kids between the ages of 13 and 16 could n't be outside after 10 p.m. in the winter or after midnight in the summer .
Today , Iceland has the lowest rate of teen substance abuse in Europe . In 1998 , before Youth Iceland , 42 percent of 15- and 16-year-olds reported getting drunk in the last month . Last year , that number had dropped to 5 percent . Those smoking cigarettes dropped from 23 percent to 3 percent .
At the same time , the percentage of those spending time with their parents on weekdays doubled , from 23 percent to 46 percent , and the percentage participating in organized sports at least four days a week jumped from 24 percent to 42 percent .
As creepy as it sounds , the ant spiral of death is deadly only to the ants involved in it . The ants circle and circle into one heaving vortex until they drop dead from exhaustion . Bad things can happen when instincts go wrong .
If you 've ever read an old-timey pulp novel , you may be familiar with army ants , the South American terrors that spread in huge numbers and can strip an entire stretch of forest floor bare of animals . Well , sometimes they 're not so formidable — it is possible to trap them so they march themselves to death . All it requires is a group of foraging ants and an enclosed space ( or a dinner plate ) .
Advertisement
Army ants deserve their reputation for ferocity . These South American ants forage regularly , taking out not only the insects and arachnids that are their main prey , but also any unwary birds that fall into their path . A small bird can be killed in as little as four stings by workers .
Their one weakness is the fact that they are blind , and they are not stronger for it . Even sighted ants communicate almost entirely by touch and smell — this allows foreign insects into their nests if they are coated in their fellow ants ' insides . It also explains why live and kicking ants can be dumped in the colony 's `` graveyards '' if the unlucky insects become daubed with the wrong kind of chemical .
Advertisement
Army ants , especially soldier army ants , have no eyes . They rely on the trail that the last ant leaves behind . As the ants move , they reinforce trails , so if one ant blunders across a past trail , it can simply loop around and around , leading the ants behind it , all of them reinforcing the trail as they go .
This can lead to large swirling vortexes or small neat circles . The largest recorded ant mill was 1,200 feet across , and it took each ant over two hours to complete the loop .
Advertisement
One can create an ant mill just by diverting a few ants and placing them into an enclosed space where they are likely to loop back on their own scent . Biologist and photographer Alex Wild remembers ants getting trapped in a vortex simply by walking onto dinner plates in his kitchen and exploring the plate until they found their own scent .
But please , do n't abuse the ants . Once the insects begin looping , they will literally keep going in circles until they die — or until something disrupts the circle and they blunder onto a better trail .
Top Image : Alex Wild . Via NPR and National Geographic .
click to enlarge Image courtesy Kristin Saunders
Map of existing and proposed bike-infrastructure routes for Downtown . Lines in orange and red are planned and do not show the specific future alignments .
Image courtesy of www.riverlifepgh.org/
Rendering of Mon Wharf Switchback , which would connect Smithfield Street Bridge path with Mon Wharf trail to Point State Park .
Attention Downtown bikers : By summer next year , a more biker-friendly Golden Triangle takes another step toward completion.City officials discussed new bike routes with community members Monday night . According to Pittsburgh Bicycle and Pedestrian Coordinator Kristin Saunders , the city is currently gathering data and community input for the construction of bike infrastructure that would travel along either Boulevard of the Allies or Fort Pitt Boulevard and connect with the Eliza Furnace Trail ( “ Jail Trail ” ) at Grant Street.Construction is currently slated for August 2016 and the new infrastructure would also connect to the Penn Avenue bike lane , thus completing two sides of a biker 's `` golden triangle '' ( see image ) . The third side of the triangle would place bike infrastructure somewhere in the vicinity of Smithfield Street , running north-south , and is slated for completion in 2017 or 2018.Envision Downtown director Sean Luther has been working to compile data of bikers Downtown . While he notes that the success of the Penn Avenue lane ( see maps showing popularity of Penn Avenue 's bike-share rides here ) , he says additional data has shown demand from other areas too . Luther notes that counts taken at the Smithfield Street Bridge and Sixth Street Bridge both tally more than 100 cyclists per hour during rush hour.And Saunders says these numbers could grow if the city creates even better bike infrastructure . She cites a survey from Portland , Ore. , that says 60 percent of those surveyed said they are interested in riding bikes in the cities but are concerned about their safety. “ If you provide safer connections to bike infrastructure , more people will bike , ” says Saunders.And that is what the city hopes to do with their new Downtown bike infrastructure projects.According to Saunders , initially the city was strongly considering bike lanes for Fort Pitt Boulevard , but after suggestions from key stakeholders , Boulevard of the Allies was thrown into the mix.At a Dec. 11 public meeting , cyclists and other attendees seemed to form a consensus that the Boulevard of the Allies route could be a better fit than the Fort Pitt route . Local organizations and businesses voiced disapproval of the Fort Pitt route due to parking challenges , and a few biking advocates who initially thought Fort Pitt was the stronger option said they were swayed toward Boulevard of the Allies by meeting 's end. “ It was interesting to hear that some people thought Fort Pitt was better , then say that they changed their mind during the meeting , ” says Saunders . “ That is rare , but that is why we [ hold public meetings ] . ” Eric Boerer , of BikePGH , says he is also leaning toward supporting the Boulevard of the Allies route . He says the route benefits from being more of a straight shot , and it travels through a business district and past Point Park University.However , he says the bicycle-advocacy group 's support depends on the final design of the bike infrastructure , which has a few options including a double-protected lane ( like Penn Avenue ) or two separate unprotected lanes.Also on the docket for 2016 , nonprofit Riverlife 's Mon Wharf Switchback project will provide bike riders a car-free path from the Great Allegheny Passage entrance at the southern end of Grant Street to the Point that travels along the Mon River . A switchback allows cyclists to ride up a moderate slope that doubles back ( see image below ) , so they can reach elevated areas ( such as the Smithfield Street Bridge depicted here ) in a relatively short length.Boerer adds that the these connections are important to the area 's bike tourism , too . The Great Allegheny Passage is part of a car-free trail that runs more than 335 miles from Pittsburgh to Washington D.C. , and is a growing tourism draw . Boerer says finishing these projects is important to making the last section of the trail better for riders , which helps draw tourists who want to ride to the Point , and also helps boosts all bike projects in the city. “ It is so important to have all of these connections , ” says Boerer . “ If we want all of this to be successful , we need to continually expand upon it . ”
PR Agency : MLC PR
Marina Tseva , has been cast in SYFY 's hit supernatural drama `` Lost Girl , '' where she will be playing a role in a flashback with the main character , 'Bo . 'Created by Michelle Lovretta and produced by Jay Firestone and Prodigy Pictures Inc. , in association with Shaw Media ; `` Lost Girl '' follows the life of a Succubus named 'Bo . ' Played by Anna Silk , 'Bo , ' goes on a journey to control her abilities , discover her origins and help those in need . The series originally premiered on the Canadian channel Showcase on September 12 , 2010 to rave reviews , and will return with all new episodes for it 's fourth season in 2014.Marina was most recently seen in the first season of Cinemax 's action thriller `` Transporter : The Series '' as 'Adelyne ' a sexy and simple girl with a fondness for fast cars . Although the show had a short-lived life on Cinemax , the show has been picked up for season two on HBO Canada and France . Based on the highly popular film franchise The Transporter , this series follows Frank Martin , 'the Transporter ' who delivers anything , anywhere , for a price.Marina Tseva was born in Ukraine and raised in Toronto , Canada . She attended St. Robert Catholic High School in Toronto where she discovered her love for drama , dance , and singing . She attended the University of Toronto and majored in film and drama . She has a passion for independent films , producing , acting and continues to hone her craft , studying film acting with Dean Armstrong & Lewis Baumander , and Improvisation at the Second City in Toronto . Her recent mainstream credits include Lost Girl ( Syfy ) , Transporter : The Series ( HBO ) and Mudpit ( Teletoon ) .Cecilia ZunigaMLC PR7080 Hollywood BlvdSuite 903Los Angeles , CA 90028323-462-8080
Vertica is a distributed , column-oriented analytics database . It started life out in 2005 being developed by , among others , Michael Stonebraker . Stonebraker has a long history of developing database software including Ingres and PostgreSQL . In 2011 , Vertica Systems was acquired by HP . Not long after a free community version of Vertica was released .
Vertica has had some famous users including Facebook , Groupon and Zynga . Maxime Beauchemin 's LinkedIn profile describes part of his time at Facebook was spent on pushing the limits of Vertica to satisfy the firm 's needs .
Vertica will be best suited on a cluster of machines but for this benchmark I 'm interested in how fast it can work off of a single machine .
The dataset being used is the same one I 've used to benchmark Amazon Athena , BigQuery , Elasticsearch , kdb+/q , MapD , PostgreSQL , Presto , Redshift and Spark . I 've compiled a single-page summary of these benchmarks .
The Hardware For this benchmark I 'll be running a fresh installation of Ubuntu 14.04.3 LTS on an Intel Core i5 4670K clocked at 3.4 GHz , 16 GB of DDR3 RAM and a SanDisk SDSSDHII960G 960 GB SSD drive .
Vertica Up & Running I 'll first install a number of prerequisites . $ sudo apt-get update $ sudo apt-get install \ dialog \ libsensors4 \ mcelog \ ntp \ pstack \ sysstat I 'll then set the time zone on my system and make sure the system clock is synchronised . $ sudo dpkg-reconfigure tzdata $ sudo service ntp stop $ sudo ntpd -gq $ sudo service ntp start For this benchmark I 've downloaded version 8.0.1 of the Community Edition of Vertica to my home folder . The following will deploy Vertica 's installation files . $ sudo dpkg -i vertica_8.0.1-0_amd64.deb Selecting previously unselected package vertica . ( Reading database ... 56852 files and directories currently installed . ) Preparing to unpack vertica_8.0.1-0_amd64.deb ... Unpacking vertica ( 8.0.1-0 ) ... Setting up vertica ( 8.0.1-0 ) ... Vertica Analytic Database V8.0.1-0 successfully installed on host ubuntu To complete your NEW installation and configure the cluster , run : /opt/vertica/sbin/install_vertica To complete your Vertica UPGRADE , run : /opt/vertica/sbin/update_vertica -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Important -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Before upgrading Vertica , you must back up your database . After you restart your database after upgrading , you can not revert to a previous Vertica software version . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- View the latest Vertica documentation at http : //my.vertica.com/docs/ Processing triggers for man-db ( 2.6.7.1-1ubuntu1 ) ... Processing triggers for libc-bin ( 2.19-0ubuntu6.6 ) ... With those files in place I 'll launch Vertica 's installer . $ sudo /opt/vertica/sbin/install_vertica \ -- hosts = 127 .0.0.1 \ -- failure-threshold = NONE The installer will create a dbadmin user that I 'll use to operate the database for this exercise . Vertica Analytic Database 8.0.1-0 Installation Tool > > Validating options ... Mapping hostnames in -- hosts ( -s ) to addresses ... > > Starting installation tasks . > > Getting system information for cluster ( this may take a while ) ... Default shell on nodes : 127.0.0.1 /bin/bash > > Validating software versions ( rpm or deb ) ... > > Beginning new cluster creation ... successfully backed up admintools.conf on 127.0.0.1 > > Creating or validating DB Admin user/group ... Password for new dbadmin user ( empty = disabled ) Successful on hosts ( 1 ) : 127.0.0.1 Provided DB Admin account details : user = dbadmin , group = verticadba , home = /home/dbadmin Creating group ... Adding group Validating group ... Okay Creating user ... Adding user , Setting credentials Validating user ... Okay > > Validating node and cluster prerequisites ... Prerequisites not fully met during local ( OS ) configuration for verify-127.0.0.1.xml : HINT ( S0151 ) : https : //my.vertica.com/docs/8.0.x/HTML/index.htm # cshid=S0151 These disks do not have known IO schedulers : '/dev/mapper/ubuntu -- vg- root ' ( `` ) = `` HINT ( S0305 ) : https : //my.vertica.com/docs/8.0.x/HTML/index.htm # cshid=S0305 TZ is unset for dbadmin . Consider updating .profile or .bashrc WARN ( S0170 ) : https : //my.vertica.com/docs/8.0.x/HTML/index.htm # cshid=S0170 lsblk ( LVM utility ) indicates LVM on the data directory . FAIL ( S0020 ) : https : //my.vertica.com/docs/8.0.x/HTML/index.htm # cshid=S0020 Readahead size of ( /dev/mapper/ubuntu -- vg-root ) is too low for typical systems : 256 < 2048 FAIL ( S0310 ) : https : //my.vertica.com/docs/8.0.x/HTML/index.htm # cshid=S0310 Transparent hugepages is set to 'always ' . Must be 'never ' or 'madvise ' . System prerequisites passed . Threshold = NONE > > Establishing DB Admin SSH connectivity ... Installing/Repairing SSH keys for dbadmin > > Setting up each node and modifying cluster ... Creating Vertica Data Directory ... Updating agent ... Creating node node0001 definition for host 127.0.0.1 ... Done > > Sending new cluster configuration to all nodes ... Starting agent ... > > Completing installation ... Running upgrade logic No spread upgrade required : /opt/vertica/config/vspread.conf not found on any node Installation complete . Please evaluate your hardware using Vertica 's validation tools : https : //my.vertica.com/docs/8.0.x/HTML/index.htm # cshid=VALSCRIPT To create a database : 1 . Logout and login as dbadmin . ( see note below ) 2 . Run /opt/vertica/bin/adminTools as dbadmin 3 . Select Create Database from the Configuration Menu Note : Installation may have made configuration changes to dbadmin that do not take effect until the next session ( logout and login ) . To add or remove hosts , select Cluster Management from the Advanced Menu . The installer complained the dbadmin user does n't have a time zone set for its newly created account so I 'll set it manually before switching into the user . $ sudo sh -c `` echo 'export TZ=Europe/Tallinn ' > > \ /home/dbadmin/.bash_profile '' $ sudo su - dbadmin I 'll launch Vertica 's Administration Tools to create a database . $ /opt/vertica/bin/adminTools This process is conducted through a series of text-based menus . I took the following steps through them . Skip past the licence file .
Accept the EULA .
Select option # 6 `` Configuration Menu '' .
Select option # 1 `` Create Database '' .
Create a database named `` trips '' .
Create a password for the new database .
Select the `` 127.0.0.1 '' host for the database .
Set the catalogue and data pathnames to /home/dbadmin .
. After the database is created , go to the main menu and select `` exit '' .
Loading 1.1 Billion Trips into Vertica I 'll create an environment variable to store the password for the database . $ read VERTICA_PASS $ export VERTICA_PASS I 'll then launch the command line client for Vertica . $ /opt/vertica/bin/vsql \ -U dbadmin \ -w $ VERTICA_PASS The interface feels a lot like PostgreSQL . Running the \ ? command will output a list of available commands just like psql does . dbadmin= > \ ? See the Vertica Programmer 's Guide for information on available commands . General \c [ onnect ] [ DBNAME|- [ USER ] ] connect to new database ( currently `` dbadmin '' ) \cd [ DIR ] change the current working directory \q quit vsql \set [ NAME [ VALUE ] ] set internal variable , or list all if no parameters \timing toggle timing of commands ( currently off ) \unset NAME unset ( delete ) internal variable \ ! [ COMMAND ] execute command in shell or start interactive shell \password [ USER ] change user 's password Query Buffer \e [ FILE ] edit the query buffer ( or file ) with external editor \g send query buffer to server \g FILE send query buffer to server and results to file \g | COMMAND send query buffer to server and pipe results to command \p show the contents of the query buffer \r reset ( clear ) the query buffer \s [ FILE ] display history or save it to file \w FILE write query buffer to file Input/Output \echo [ STRING ] write string to standard output \i FILE execute commands from file \o FILE send all query results to file \o | COMMAND pipe all query results to command \o close query-results file or pipe \qecho [ STRING ] write string to query output stream ( see \o ) Informational \d [ PATTERN ] describe tables ( list tables if no argument is supplied ) PATTERN may include system schema name , e.g . v_catalog . * \df [ PATTERN ] list functions \dj [ PATTERN ] list projections \dn [ PATTERN ] list schemas \dp [ PATTERN ] list table access privileges \ds [ PATTERN ] list sequences \dS [ PATTERN ] list system tables . PATTERN may include system schema name such as v_catalog , v_monitor , or v_internal . Example : v_catalog.a * \dt [ PATTERN ] list tables \dtv [ PATTERN ] list tables and views \dT [ PATTERN ] list data types \du [ PATTERN ] list users \dv [ PATTERN ] list views \l list all databases \z [ PATTERN ] list table access privileges ( same as \dp ) Formatting \a toggle between unaligned and aligned output mode \b toggle beep on command completion \C [ STRING ] set table title , or unset if none \f [ STRING ] show or set field separator for unaligned query output \H toggle HTML output mode ( currently off ) \pset NAME [ VALUE ] set table output option ( NAME : = { format|border|expanded|fieldsep|footer|null| recordsep|trailingrecordsep|tuples_only|title|tableattr|pager } ) \t show only rows ( currently off ) \T [ STRING ] set HTML < table > tag attributes , or unset if none \x toggle expanded output ( currently off ) I 'll create a table that will store the 1.1 billion taxi trips dataset . CREATE TABLE trips ( trip_id INTEGER , vendor_id VARCHAR ( 3 ) , pickup_datetime DATETIME , dropoff_datetime DATETIME , store_and_fwd_flag VARCHAR ( 1 ) , rate_code_id SMALLINT , pickup_longitude DECIMAL ( 18 , 14 ) , pickup_latitude DECIMAL ( 18 , 14 ) , dropoff_longitude DECIMAL ( 18 , 14 ) , dropoff_latitude DECIMAL ( 18 , 14 ) , passenger_count SMALLINT , trip_distance DECIMAL ( 6 , 3 ) , fare_amount DECIMAL ( 6 , 2 ) , extra DECIMAL ( 6 , 2 ) , mta_tax DECIMAL ( 6 , 2 ) , tip_amount DECIMAL ( 6 , 2 ) , tolls_amount DECIMAL ( 6 , 2 ) , ehail_fee DECIMAL ( 6 , 2 ) , improvement_surcharge DECIMAL ( 6 , 2 ) , total_amount DECIMAL ( 6 , 2 ) , payment_type VARCHAR ( 3 ) , trip_type SMALLINT , pickup VARCHAR ( 50 ) , dropoff VARCHAR ( 50 ) , cab_type VARCHAR ( 6 ) , precipitation SMALLINT , snow_depth SMALLINT , snowfall SMALLINT , max_temperature SMALLINT , min_temperature SMALLINT , average_wind_speed SMALLINT , pickup_nyct2010_gid SMALLINT , pickup_ctlabel VARCHAR ( 10 ) , pickup_borocode SMALLINT , pickup_boroname VARCHAR ( 13 ) , pickup_ct2010 VARCHAR ( 6 ) , pickup_boroct2010 VARCHAR ( 7 ) , pickup_cdeligibil VARCHAR ( 1 ) , pickup_ntacode VARCHAR ( 4 ) , pickup_ntaname VARCHAR ( 56 ) , pickup_puma VARCHAR ( 4 ) , dropoff_nyct2010_gid SMALLINT , dropoff_ctlabel VARCHAR ( 10 ) , dropoff_borocode SMALLINT , dropoff_boroname VARCHAR ( 13 ) , dropoff_ct2010 VARCHAR ( 6 ) , dropoff_boroct2010 VARCHAR ( 7 ) , dropoff_cdeligibil VARCHAR ( 1 ) , dropoff_ntacode VARCHAR ( 4 ) , dropoff_ntaname VARCHAR ( 56 ) , dropoff_puma VARCHAR ( 4 ) ) ORDER BY pickup_datetime , dropoff_datetime ; I 'll then exit to the command line and execute the following to load the dataset in . The /home/mark/trips/ folder on my system has had it and its contents set to be owned by dbadmin . There are 56 gzip-compressed CSV files that make up the 1.1-billion-record dataset . $ time ( echo `` COPY trips FROM '/home/mark/trips/trips_x * .csv.gz ' GZIP DELIMITER ' , ' DIRECT ; '' | \ /opt/vertica/bin/vsql \ -U dbadmin \ -w $ VERTICA_PASS ) The above took 3 hours 56 minutes and 43 seconds to complete . The dataset uses 153 GB of disk capacity when stored using Vertica 's internal storage format . $ du -hs /home/dbadmin/trips/v_trips_node0001_data/ 153G /home/dbadmin/trips/v_trips_node0001_data/
An updated rendering from September 2017 of the proposed building on the Hudson 's site in downtown Detroit that will be built by Bedrock and designed by SHoP Architects . ( Photo : SHoP Architects )
Defending tax breaks for billionaires is never an easy lift , particularly for a liberal-minded columnist .
But with businessman Dan Gilbert and civic leaders breaking ground Thursday on the Hudson 's site project , which will include Detroit 's tallest new skyscraper , it 's worth the effort to see why the tax incentives that will flow Gilbert 's way are worth it .
For even as critics decry the new MIThrive incentives as bloated giveaways to a guy who does n't need it , the breaks heading Gilbert 's way will in fact do what they 're designed to do — create a lot of new jobs and tax base at a reasonable cost .
Having said that , we also need to figure out what to do to ensure that Detroit 's recovery creates opportunity for all , not just the lucky few . And that means tax incentives for the little guy , too , not just the billionaires . More about that in a moment .
First , let 's look at the facts . Under the MIThrive legislation passed this year in Lansing , certain `` transformational brownfield projects '' are eligible for some truly remarkable tax breaks . Developers of such projects will capture future property tax and income tax revenue that otherwise would go toward state , county and local needs .
Read more :
The Michigan Strategic Fund this month got a preliminary look at the first such proposal to come before it for approval . In the deal , Gilbert , with the blessing of Detroit 's leadership , is bundling together four of his major projects downtown to qualify for the tax incentives .
The four projects include the 800-foot , $ 900-million mixed-use project on the Hudson 's site . The other three are Gilbert 's $ 830 million mixed-use Monroe Block project ; his renovation of the vacant Book Building and Book Tower on Washington Boulevard ; and his addition to the One Campus Martius ( formerly the Compuware Building ) which essentially was left unfinished when first built .
Interactive map : Click on each Bedrock structure for project details :
All told , Gilbert 's Bedrock real estate arm said it will invest $ 2.1 billion in the four projects over the next few years . The tax incentives combined will return an estimated $ 618 million to Bedrock over the next 30 years . That figure is n't final yet ; and the Strategic Fund wo n't give its final blessing until the spring , pending an independent outside analysis .
That 's a lot of tax breaks , and understandably some people choke when they hear that figure .
But the first justification for the tax incentives flowing Gilbert 's way is this : He first has to spend roughly $ 2 billion in his own and his partners ' cash to quality . If he does n't do what he 's promised , he gets nothing from the incentives .
The lower Book Building and taller Book Tower will be renovated by businessman Dan Gilbert and his partners . ( Photo : Detroit Free Press archives )
`` The projects still need to make sense financially , '' Greg Tedder , executive vice president of the Michigan Economic Development Corp. , told me . `` I think the transformational brownfield legislation is really just adding another tool to our toolbox to allow us to usher in the next level of development in Detroit and around our state . ''
And , second , the payback for Detroit promises to be significant : Thousands of construction and permanent jobs , plus 3.2 million square feet of mixed-use space and more than 2,000 parking spaces , all on what is now vacant space .
Critics like to say that Gilbert would build the projects anyway , or that downtown is booming while the city 's neighborhoods languish . But we should n't assume that .
Downtown 's recovery remains in the early stages , with a very long way to go . While Woodward Avenue and Midtown have recovered nicely , there are still plenty of vacant lots and empty buildings on the periphery of downtown . And rental rates and property values , while rising quickly , are still nowhere near the level of the nation 's premier markets .
Dan Gilbert 's planned Monroe Block development includes a 35-story office tower facing Campus Martius Park . ( Photo : Bedrock )
The MIThrive incentives are anchored in market reality — that it costs more to build huge first-class projects today than Detroit 's level of returns on investment will make worthwhile . Minus the MIThrive incentives , Gilbert may build anyway , but it would be smaller projects coming online at a later date .
`` I think it 's fair to say that this tool gives us a better project that we would otherwise have , '' Tedder said .
OK , but what of equity for the neighborhoods ? If we give incentives to billionaires for the biggest projects , what do we owe for ordinary Detroiters ?
One thing we can do is restore some of the tax incentives that Gov . Rick Snyder and legislators zeroed out several years ago , like the state 's Historic Preservation Tax Credit . This one allowed restoration work on historic properties to recover up to 20 % of the costs . It was a great incentive for smaller projects in historic districts , and multiple Detroit projects benefited .
A bill to restore that credit is making its way through Lansing now . It ought to become law . So should new tax changes that boost assistance to low-income families , or that encourage developers to include affordable income units in their new residential developments .
So I 'm all in favor of using tax incentives to build up downtown as a center of business , entertainment and civic life . I just think our tax code ought to recognize ordinary Detroiters more than it does .
Detroit is still hurting . And it needs all the help it can get to set things right .
Contact John Gallagher : 313-222-5173 or gallagher @ freepress.com . Follow him on Twitter @ jgallagherfreep .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.freep.com/2jc9H2e
Iraqi armed forces have captured parts of Al-Tanak neighborhood in northern Iraq 's Mosul city , a police official told Anadolu Agency Thursday .
Anti-terrorism forces affiliated the Iraqi army clashed for more than 13 hours until Thursday noon with Daesh militants in the neighborhood , which is regarded as one of the most important strongholds of the terror group in the western part of the city , Police Capt . Said Kamel al-Alusi said .
Seven alleys in the neighborhood were recaptured , al-Alusi said , adding that his forces killed 15 armed militants and arrested another three ; they also destroyed a booby-trapped vehicle through which a suicide bomber tried to target Iraqi troops .
A police captain was also killed and another four injured during the operation , he added .
About the U.S.-led coalition 's coordination with Iraqi forces in Mosul operations , al-Alusi said : `` Poor weather conditions in the region have reduced airstrikes of the international coalition 's warplanes on Daesh-linked sites in western Mosul . ''
Clashes are expected to continue in the area .
In a related development , the federal police command announced on Thursday that Iraqi troops penetrated the old city towards the Nuri mosque in the western part of Mosul .
`` The federal police penetrated the old city and killed 13 terrorists , and destroyed 7 booby-trapped vehicles of Daesh in the Bab al-Jadid axis towards the al-Nuri Mosque in western Mosul , '' police commander Maj. Raed Shaker Jawdat said in a brief statement .
He added : `` The federal police managed to shoot down a Daesh drone in northern Al-Tayaran district and launched artillery attacks targeting terrorist headquarters in the old city . ”
In February , Iraqi ground forces -- backed by the U.S.-led coalition 's air power -- began fresh operations aimed at ousting Daesh from western Mosul , the terrorist group 's last bastion in northern Iraq .
The offensive is part of a wider campaign launched last October to retake the entire city , which Daesh overran in mid-2014 .
♦♦♦
Unexplored Dimensions of Discrimination . Tito Boeri , Eleonora Patacchini and Giovanni Peri ( eds ) . Oxford University Press . 2015 .
What mechanisms serve to maintain the gender pay gap and other forms of discrimination in the labour market ? This book provides a comprehensive , empirically-driven interrogation of various facets of discrimination through data obtained from the USA , Spain and Italy . Ria Ivandic welcomes it for opening up a highly important academic dialogue on previously unexamined aspects of labour market discrimination .
Recoding Gender : Women 's Changing Participation in Computing . Janet Abbate . MIT Press . 2012 .
This book explores the untold history of women in computer science and programming from World War Two to the late twentieth century . Demonstrating how gender has shaped the culture of computing , it offers a valuable historical perspective on women 's under-representation in the field . Jennifer Miller recommends this to readers interested in an account of women 's participation in , and contributions to , computer science , and to those seeking answers to the challenges in setting policy for the scientific and technical workforce .
Sisters in the Statehouse : Black Women and Legislative Decision Making . Nadia E. Brown . Oxford University Press . 2014 .
In 2013 , out of 7,776 female state legislators serving across the USA , 364 were women of colour ; of these , 239 were African American women . Linking personal narratives to political behaviour , this book elicits the life histories of African American women legislators to understand how their experiences of racism and sexism have influenced their legislative decision-making and policy preferences , writes Muireann O'Dwyer .
Father and Daughter : Patriarchy , Gender and Social Science . Ann Oakley . Policy Press . 2014 .
For many aspiring young female sociologists , Ann Oakley 's writing has been inspirational and reassuring . This book explores her own life and that of her father , Richard Titmuss , a well-known policy analyst and defender of the welfare state , to offer an absorbing view of the connections between private lives and public work . Essential reading , finds Sally Brown .
The Impact of Gender Quotas . Franceschet Susan , Mona Lena Krook and Jennifer M. Piscopo ( eds ) . Oxford University Press . 2012 .
As debates about gender quotas become increasingly prominent , it is imperative that we understand how , if at all , they achieve the ends to which they are directed . This book stands as an important contribution to this discussion . Linnea Sandström Lange finds it to be full of empirical insights into the efficacy of gender quotas , arguing that the rather pessimistic immediate picture painted by the studies detailed in the book should be counter-balanced by acknowledging the unknown long-term effects of gender quotas .
Waging Gendered Wars : U.S. Military Women in Afghanistan and Iraq . Paige Whaley Eager . Ashgate . 2014 .
This book examines how US military women have impacted upon , and been affected by , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , using the analytical lens of feminist IR theory . It assesses how the global world of international politics and warfare has been localised in the life-and-death narratives of female service personnel by their experiences of combat , homelessness and PTSD . Mercy Ette feels that the book would have benefited from some tighter editing , but overall it offers fresh insight into the impact of war on women and amplifies personal stories to illustrate the gendered nature of war .
Women and ICT in Africa and the Middle East : Changing Selves , Changing Societies . Ineke Buskens and Anne Webb . Zed Books . 2014 .
Based on analyses from 21 research teams in 14 countries , this book explores what it takes to wield the emancipatory potential of Information Communications Technology ( ICT ) . The case studies never fail to arouse curiosity , though some chapters are a little short , writes Morgane Colleau .
Women and Journalism . Suzanne Franks . I.B . Tauris . 2013 .
In many countries , the majority of high-profile journalists and editors remain male . Although there have been considerable changes in the prospects for women working in the media in the past few decades , women are still noticeably in the minority in the top journalistic roles , despite making up the majority of journalism students . This book provides an overview of the ongoing imbalances faced by women in the media and looks at the key issues hindering gender equality in journalism , writes Lauren Maffeo .
Shattered , Cracked or Firmly Intact ? Women and the Executive Glass Ceiling Worldwide . Farida Jalalzai . Oxford University Press . 2013 .
In 1960 , Sirimavo Bandaranaike of Sri Lanka made history when she was appointed the world 's first woman prime minister . In the half-century following her achievement , fewer than 80 women worldwide have attained the office of prime minister or president . This book aims to explain the mechanisms that push politically active women into relatively weak posts , and why women who successfully attain executive office almost always hail from political families within unstable systems . Senia Cuevas is impressed by this thorough text .
Girls Coming to Tech ! A History of American Engineering Education for Women . Amy Sue Bix . MIT Press . March 2014 .
In an era when technology is still associated with masculinity , this book is an important and timely investigation of the gendered history of engineering education in the United States . It examines the rhetorical traps , social and political obstacles and widespread hypocrisy surrounding the debates over coeducation in the course of the last century . Although Leonie Maria Tanczer feels conflicted about the title , she encourages engineering students and educators , scholars of women 's history and students of science and technology studies to read this chronological analysis of women 's struggle to enter a male-dominated territory .
♣♣♣
Lawmakers are pleading for public attention on Ebola , after the disease disappeared from the political agenda almost immediately after Election Day .
Congress has held five hearings on Ebola since returning from the midterm recess , including four this week . Nearly all have featured top members focusing on the Obama administration 's response .
ADVERTISEMENT
Still , attendance has been scarce , and news coverage has nearly evaporated .
The half-empty hearing rooms and lack of front-page coverage is markedly different from the month before the midterm elections — a difference that lawmakers have criticized at each panel .
Sen. Claire McCaskill Claire Conner McCaskillPoll : 33 % of Kentucky voters approve of McConnell McCaskill : Lindsey Graham 'has lost his mind ' Trey Gowdy joins Fox News as a contributor MORE ( D-Mo . ) , among the few lawmakers at Wednesday 's Ebola hearing by the Senate Homeland Security Committee , tried using guilt to lift the issue back onto the national radar .
She tweeted a photo from her seat during Wednesday 's hearing , which showed a half-dozen empty desks beside her .
“ Fascinating . Empty seats and no cameras for hearing on Ebola & public health : threats , lessons learned , and preparedness , ” McCaskill tweeted .
But even the senator did not stay for the full hearing , which lasted nearly three hours . By the end , only Chairman Sen. Tom Carper Thomas ( Tom ) Richard CarperDems slam EPA plan for fighting drinking water contaminants EPA to announce PFAS chemical regulation plans by end of year Overnight Energy : Zinke joins Trump-tied lobbying firm | Senators highlight threat from invasive species | Top Republican calls for Green New Deal vote in House MORE ( D-Del . ) remained .
During the hearing , Sen . Rob Portman Robert ( Rob ) Jones PortmanAddressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win Texas senator introduces bill to produce coin honoring Bushes GOP Green New Deal stunt is a great deal for Democrats MORE ( R-Ohio ) also gave a shoutout to “ anybody on C-Span who 's actually watching . ”
Members of Congress are trying to regain attention on the issue , as they weigh a $ 6 billion funding request from the White House and continue to pass legislation to boost the national response . A Senate health committee passed a bill Wednesday to speed up potential treatments for the disease .
Rep. Fred Upton ( R-Mich. ) , chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , released a statement Wednesday stressing that his committee “ remains focused ” on the epidemic , as it continues to worsen in West Africa .
“ Although Ebola may no longer be on the front pages , the situation remains grave , ” Upton wrote in a statement Wednesday as he highlighted his committee 's two hearings this week .
Ebola was featured in 1,000 broadcasts last month and is now down to only 49 , according to an analysis by a news watchdog group Media Matters for America .
CNN and Fox News , the networks that had previously devoted the most attention to Ebola , only ran 10 segments apiece .
Attention had been slowly shifting away from Ebola before the midterms , as the half-dozen infected Americans all recovered from the disease . The last patient , Dr. Craig Spencer , was released from the hospital Nov. 11 .
Coverage ticked up slightly this week , after an infected doctor from Sierra Leone was flown to the U.S. for treatment , but the help came too late , and he died days later .
Obama noted the eclipsing attention on Ebola this week , as he continued to push for his funding request .
`` While we should feel optimistic about our capacity to solve the Ebola crisis , we can not be complacent simply because the news attention on it has waned , ” he said .
Obama 's remarks are also different from before the midterms .
In late October , he suggested the media 's heightened coverage of Ebola stoked fear in the U.S .
“ I know that , with all the headlines and all the news , that people are scared , ” he said at the time .
< ! -- [ if gte mso 9 ] > < ! [ endif ] -- > < ! -- [ if gte mso 9 ] > 0 false 18 pt 18 pt 0 0 false false false < ! [ endif ] -- > < ! -- [ if gte mso 9 ] > < ! [ endif ] -- > < ! -- [ if gte mso 10 ] > < ! [ endif ] -- > < ! -- StartFragment -- > Bobo scores the goal which should deliver Sydney FC their first silverware after seven barren years , and I 'm thinking , once again : `` Maybe this will finally make some people see sense . '' Maybe .
It 's 11 goals now from the Brazilian , the Sky Blues marquee player . He 's not flashy , but he 's starting to do the business . Graham Arnold is entitled to feel vindicated . Bobo 's CV always suggested it was a move which could work , and the club backed the coach by putting enough money into the deal to prise him away from the bench at Gremio . And that 's where the crux of this story lies .
Brazil remains the land of opportunity for Australian football . Has been for decades , ever since Agenor Muniz and four Vasco da Gama teammates arrived here in 1971 as a bulk purchase by Sydney City . Within a year , a local social club , the `` Canarinhos '' , was formed to embrace the arrivals . Muniz went on to play 20 times for the Socceroos .
Forty-five years later , the `` Canarinhos '' are still gathering each Sunday morning for their scratch game , their precious pelada , on field No.4 at Centennial Park – long since officially re-named `` Brazilian Field '' . That 's how long there 's been a football connection between the two countries . A connection championed passionately by the late Johnny Warren , who as usual saw beyond the horizon . Build meaningful football ties between the two countries , and it 's Australia which has the most to benefit . It 's a message which still largely falls on deaf ears .
( Amy Cavenaile/The Washington Post ; Associated Press ; iStock )
The Wizards had a bad night on Tuesday , a crushing disappointment that raised serious existential questions about the continued viability of their campaign . So did Marco Rubio .
And this brought me back to a recent thought , conceived while thinking about how many readers I could attract if I wrote about politics instead of D.C. sports : the Wizards are sort of the Marco Rubio of the NBA .
I know , I know . But think about the things we 've all thought about the Wizards . Everyone was convinced a few months ago that they 'd be a winning team , a real contender , a breakout attraction . Even now , they feel like they should be a winning team . Despite one disappointment after another , the calendar is set up perfectly for them still to become a winning team . The competition never looks particularly overwhelming , and there 's no easy-to-explain reason they have n't become a winning team . They have a fresh and modern slogan that fresh and modern analysts love ; tell me “ Pace and Space ” does n't have a little “ New American Century ” to it .
But they just keep losing . When it seems certain matters are about to turn around , they take a step backward . Everything is set up for a surge , and yet the surge never comes . And this very bad year might have severe future consequences : on Washington 's potential pursuit of Kevin Durant , and on Rubio 's potential pursuit of the Florida governorship .
[ Marco Rubio 's campaign is basically over ]
What went wrong ? Some blame leadership problems . Some think we always imagined an inherent talent level that simply was n't there . Some think , even now , that there 's enough time to fix it . And Wolf Blitzer is there every step of the way . See , it 's perfect ! I just need to figure out Rubio 's version of an injured Bradley Beal .
( You likely now want to fling your mobile device in disgust , but this is n't even the most tortured GOP-NBA metaphor this paper has made this year ! See here , in which Rubio and Ted Cruz both criticizing the Republican front-runner is compared to Detroit 's long-ago strategy of double-teaming Michael Jordan ! That makes Sam Smith Sean Hannity , I believe , and Scottie Pippen Chris Christie . )
( By the way , I was just informed that a top Post editor has been telling people that Maryland is the Marco Rubio of college basketball . )
( And wait ! A former Obama official says that actually RGIII is the Marco Rubio of the NFL ! )
Someone at the Washington Post should be working on a story drawing parallels between the rapid rise and falls of Rubio and RG3 ( @ TheFix ) — Dan Pfeiffer ( @ danpfeiffer ) March 8 , 2016
( And someone else says that actually Lastings Milledge was the Marco Rubio of baseball ! )
Rubio=Lastings Milledge @ powellnyt lots of promise in small doses ; exposed as mediocre in prime time — Mark Healey ( @ MHealeySports ) March 9 , 2016
( Though a totally random reader is on my side . )
@ TheFix Has so much attention ever before been lavished on an also-ran like Rubio ? This is like devoting the NBA season to Wiz stories . — Paul Curran ( @ pjcurran75 ) March 8 , 2016
( Do they do this with Seattle sports teams ? )
Anyhow , two weeks ago , when the Wizards lost to a short-handed Bulls team featuring several backups and a popcorn vendor , that seemed certain to be the moment we would remember most if Washington finishes a game out of the playoffs .
[ Losing streak puts Wizards ' playoff hopes on life support ]
But then came a Saturday night loss against standings-rival Indiana , with a possible head-to-head playoff tiebreaker on the line . The Wizards coughed up a 14-point lead . They made just 15 of 24 free throws . They scored just 35 points in the second half . And on two possessions to take the lead in the final 30 seconds , they wound up with just one point .
And then there was Tuesday night 's loss to Portland . The Wizards coughed up a 13-point lead . They made just 11 of 23 free throws . They lost a two-point lead with six seconds left , missed two potential game-winning shots in the final second , and could n't hit their final five shots in overtime .
The recent optimism seemed justified . Together , those two games could have pushed Washington over .500 . Instead , all the momentum from that four-game winning streak is gone . Since halftime of that Pacers game — when the playoffs felt , to this dolt , almost like an inevitability — the four teams ahead of Washington in the standings have gone a combined 6-1 . The Wizards have n't even won in Puerto Rico during that span !
One week ago , the Wizards had a 45 % shot at making the playoffs , according to @ FiveThirtyEight Today ? 26 percent . https : //t.co/DpspSH7ayt — Bullets Forever ( @ BulletsForever ) March 8 , 2016
There 's still a path forward , but time is running out . This week always looked rocky thanks to an inhospitable environment , with games in Portland , Utah and Denver substituting for Rubio 's miserable electoral contests in Michigan , Mississippi , Idaho and Hawaii .
But next comes a possible final stand at home . For Rubio , it 's Florida . For the Wizards , it 's three F Street dates in four games , including two against their most immediate rivals : the Pistons and Bulls . Wins would again raise the hope level . But who has confidence in that happening ?
You see the Wizards go up by 14 against the Pacers and 13 against the Blazers , or Rubio charming on the stump , and you think “ Yeah , they look like winners. ” But looking the part is n't good enough . Winners , ultimately , have to win .
( Of course , in the NBA , you only have to finish in the top eight , which is quite a bit easier than triumphing in a contested convention . )
( And yes , this is perfectly fair grounds to pledge never again to read anything I write . )
( And here is a summary of my astute political expertise . )
Photo This drawing comes from a video that explains to scientists how it could be possible to publish quickly online without alienating oneself from the traditional journal system . Credit Asapbio.org/Yourekascience.org Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It was a small act of information age defiance , and perhaps also a bit of a throwback , somewhat analogous to Stephen King 's 2000 self-publishing an e-book or Radiohead 's 2007 release of a download-only record without a label . To commemorate it , she tweeted the website 's confirmation under the hashtag # ASAPbio , a newly coined rallying cry of a cadre of biologists who say they want to speed science by making a key change in the way it is published .
Such postings are known as “ preprints '' to signify their early-stage status , and the 2,048 deposited on three-year-old bioRxiv over the last year represent a barely detectable fraction of the million or so research papers published annually in traditional biomedical journals .
But after several dozen biologists vowed to rally around preprints at an “ ASAPbio '' meeting last month , the site has had a small surge , and not just from scientists whose august stature protects them from risk . On Twitter , preprint insurgents are celebrating one another 's postings and jockeying for revolutionary credibility . ( These two are from molecular biologist at the University of California , Berkeley and a Cold Spring Harbor neuroscientist . )
For most of the history of organized scientific research , the limitations of technology made print journals the chief means of disseminating scientific results . But some # ASAPbio advocates argue that since the rise of the Internet , biologists have been abdicating their duty to the public — which pays for most academic research — by not sharing results as quickly and openly as possible . As Harold Varmus , another Nobel Prize recipient and former director of the National Institutes of Health put it in a widely tweeted talk at the conference :
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Unlike physicists , for whom preprints became a default method of communicating discoveries in the 1990s , biomedical researchers typically wait more than six months to disseminate their work while they submit it — on an exclusive basis — to the most prestigious journal they think might accept it for publication . If , as is often the case , it is rejected , they try another journal . As a result , it can sometimes take years to publish a paper , which is then typically available for a time only to colleagues at major academic institutions whose libraries pay for subscriptions . And because science is in many ways a relay , with one scientist building on the published work of another , the communication delays almost certainly slow scientific progress . .
Researchers say they participate in the process in large part because the imprimatur of highly selective journals like Science , Nature and Cell has come to be viewed as a proxy for quality science . Like a degree from certain colleges , a study in an elite journal can be a passport to jobs , funding and promotions .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
While several influential journals , including Science and Nature , have a stated policy of treating preprints on an equal footing with papers that have not been posted elsewhere , few biologists have chosen an option they fear will handicap already slim prospects of acceptance . Some journals have a policy of not considering preprints . And others , like Cell , say prospective authors who wish to post preprints must ask first .
Anne Carpenter , a computational biologist affiliated with the Broad Institute of M.I.T . and Harvard said that she thinks that many young scientists prefer sticking with high-profile journals because the alternative just seems to too risky ..
Beyond career concerns , many scientists say science as a whole benefits from the kind of peer review that has been a fixture of scientific publishing , in which journal editors ask other scientists in a field to flag obvious errors and assess the importance of a work before publication . Yet another Nobel Prize laureate , Randy Schekman , a cell biologist at the University of California , Berkeley , has argued for its importance even while supporting preprints .
But many biologists have begun to chafe at a system that one neuroscientist recently compared to a bug on its back trying to flip itself over while endlessly rotating a piece of what appears to be Styrofoam .
The delays prevent scientists from showing off their most recent work to prospective employers or benefactors . They have also , some researchers say , begun to look faintly absurd against the general expectations for speed and openness in the not-so-new digital age . With the rapid spread of the Zika virus , for instance , several journals signed a statement promising that scientists would not be penalized for immediately releasing their findings , given the potential benefit for public health , in turn prompting some scientists to ask , why draw the line at Zika
Then there is the researcher in Kazakhstan who has become a kind of science cult hero by pirating every academic paper for which journals require payment and making them available on a free site called Sci-Hub . Though few think that is a long-term solution , one website has called her the “ Robin Hood of Science . ''
And many # ASAPbio supporters retweeted John Hawks , a paleoanthropologist from the University of Wisconsin , who found himself recently at an African university where a paper on African genomes was unavailable because it could not pay the fee for the journal where it was published , and no preprint was available . He expressed his frustration with a profanity .
In such contexts , the observation of Richard Sever , who runs the bioRxiv server at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory , considered the best known place to post biology preprints , becomes harder to ignore , researchers say .
Some journal editors say that preprints would be detrimental to science . Emilie Marcus , the editor of Cell , told scientists at the # ASAPbio conference that in conversations with more than 100 scientists Cell editors had found that the main reason they wanted to use preprints was to scoop competitors , which she suggested would cause the quality of papers to decline as everyone rushed to post first : “ Is that the direction that we want to go ? '' Others have argued on Twitter that allowing research to reach the public without being reviewed before publication would be irresponsible .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Unlike some writers and artists who have used digital media to escape entirely from middlemen , most biologists tweeting with # ASAPbio want to maintain a relationship with traditional journals . Many have taken pains to reiterate their wish not to disrupt the journal system , only to enhance it . With enough scientists pushing to legitimize preprints , they hope journals will allow the systems to coexist .
“ It 's not beer or tacos , ” as James Fraser , an assistant professor at the University of California , San Francisco put it at last month 's conference , “ it 's beer AND tacos . ”
But others , including the dean of Harvard Medical School , Jeffrey S. Flier , say disrupting journals could be a good thing for science .
What are the other Names for this Condition ? ( Also known as/Synonyms )
Gold Poisoning
Heavy Metal Poisoning due to Gold
Toxicity due to Gold
What is Gold Toxicity ? ( Definition/Background Information )
Gold Toxicity is the toxic effect of gold that occurs when gold is administered to the body . It is usually given for rheumatoid arthritis ( RA ) , juvenile rheumatoid arthritis ( JRA ) , or psoriatic arthritis
Gold is generally administered to reduce joint pain and joint swelling . In many , gold treatment helps in decreasing joint deformity and joint disability . Although , in about 50 % of the individuals , the injections may not be an effective treatment tool
Individuals with the genotype HLA-DR3 have a higher risk for gold therapy-induced Gold Toxicity . In such individuals , kidney toxicity and platelet dysfunction may occur
Gold Toxicity long-term effects may include liver inflammation , blue-grey skin color , and mouth ulcers . There can also be bone marrow suppression resulting in frequent infections
Stopping or discontinuing the use of gold therapy is the first line of treatment for Gold Toxicity . The treatment for arthritis using gold may be resumed , if the side effects improve and go away
The prognosis of Gold Toxicity is generally good with appropriate early diagnosis and treatment including stoppage of the causative gold therapy
Who gets Gold Toxicity ? ( Age and Sex Distribution )
Gold Toxicity can affect individuals of any age including children and adults . It is a rare condition
There is no specific preference for any gender ( both males and females are affected )
All racial and ethnic groups are affected and no predilection is observed
What are the Risk Factors for Gold Toxicity ? ( Predisposing Factors )
The risk factors for Gold Toxicity may include :
Individuals with rheumatoid arthritis , juvenile rheumatoid arthritis , or psoriatic arthritis who are administered ( long-term ) gold therapy
Presence of the genotype HLA-DR3 is a risk factor
It is important to note that having a risk factor does not mean that one will get the condition . A risk factor increases ones chances of getting a condition compared to an individual without the risk factors . Some risk factors are more important than others .
Also , not having a risk factor does not mean that an individual will not get the condition . It is always important to discuss the effect of risk factors with your healthcare provider .
What are the Causes of Gold Toxicity ? ( Etiology )
Gold Toxicity is caused by the administration of gold-based therapy as part of treatment for rheumatoid arthritis , juvenile rheumatoid arthritis , or psoriatic arthritis , usually for several years .
Gold therapy is usually given as injections , but it may be orally administered ( in capsule form ) too . It helps reduce joint inflammation and pain caused by the arthritis
When gold is injected to the muscles , they travel to different parts of the body causing toxicity , since gold is a foreign body
Gold therapy may be given early in the course of the condition , when other treatment measures , such as steroid and OTC pain medications , do not work
What are the Signs and Symptoms of Gold Toxicity ?
The side effects of gold therapy occur in about 1 in 3 individuals . In some individuals , immediate side effects ( called nitritoid reaction ) are noted after gold therapy . The signs and symptoms of Gold Toxicity may include :
Inflammation of skin , or dermatitis
Damage to the kidneys , or nephritis
Damage to the platelet function causing thrombocytopenia Purpura
Inflammation of blood vessels , known as vasculitis
Enlarged lymph nodes , or lymphadenopathy
Pruritus or itching
Proteinuria or presence of protein in urine
The hair , nails , and lips are usually not affected
In the majority of the cases , the signs and symptoms are mild and go away on its own . In some cases , it can be severe and additionally result in the following :
Low blood pressure ( BP )
Nausea
Loss of consciousness
The signs and symptoms associated with long-term Gold Toxicity ( which are generally long-lasting ) may include :
Bluish-grey discoloration of skin on the sun-exposed areas . This is known as chrysiasis and is an irreversible condition
Increased pigmentation can also occur in the lens/cornea of the eye ; a condition called ocular chrysiasis
Mouth sores
Inflammation of liver , or hepatitis
Bone marrow suppression leading to anemia and frequent infections
Moreover , there may be signs and symptoms of the underlying rheumatoid arthritis , juvenile rheumatoid arthritis , or psoriatic arthritis .
How is Gold Toxicity Diagnosed ?
The diagnosis of the Gold Toxicity may involve :
A complete physical examination and an assessment of the individual 's medical history including history and treatment of rheumatoid arthritis or psoriatic arthritis
Computed tomography ( CT ) and magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) scans
Tissue biopsy of the affected region : A tissue biopsy is performed and sent to a laboratory for a pathological examination . The pathologist examines the biopsy under a microscope . After putting together clinical findings , special studies on tissues ( if needed ) and with microscope findings , the pathologist arrives at a definitive diagnosis
Many clinical conditions may have similar signs and symptoms . Your healthcare provider may perform additional tests to rule out other clinical conditions to arrive at a definitive diagnosis .
What are the possible Complications of Gold Toxicity ?
The complications associated with Gold Toxicity can include :
Diarrhea may result from taking oral drug ( gold ) therapy
Neurological complications such as severe neuropathies
Severe gold toxicity resulting in many vital organs being affected , including the kidney , liver , and blood
Individuals with HLA-DR3 have a greater chance of getting kidney toxicity ( nephropathy ) and platelet dysfunction causing immune thrombocytopenia
Gold Poisoning can destroy the function of the lymph nodes
Extensive necrosis of the liver
Rarely , it can cause heart attacks and strokes
How is Gold Toxicity Treated ?
Discontinuing the gold therapy ( or intramuscular injections ) responsible for the side effects may result in improvement of Gold Toxicity signs and symptoms and also help stop its progression
Other treatment measures for the condition include symptomatic treatment and consideration of alternative therapy for rheumatoid arthritis or psoriatic arthritis
In many cases , gold therapy is stopped for a period of time for the signs and symptoms of Gold Toxicity to get better , and the treatment is then resumed . If the side effects return , then the individual is not a candidate for gold therapy and it should be avoided .
How can Gold Toxicity be Prevented ?
Currently , there are no specific methods or guidelines to prevent Gold Toxicity
The gold-based therapy injections that caused the condition may be discontinued or alternative medications used
What is the Prognosis of Gold Toxicity ? ( Outcomes/Resolutions )
The prognosis of Gold Toxicity is generally good on discontinuation of the offending gold therapy , followed by adequate treatment
However , the prognosis is also associated with the severity of Gold Toxicity and underlying rheumatoid arthritis or psoriatic arthritis
Regular follow-up visits with the healthcare providers are important : Early diagnosis and treatment of the condition may prevent worsening or acute side effects due to Gold Poisoning
Additional and Relevant Useful Information for Gold Toxicity :
Americans overwhelmingly believe illegal immigrants arrested for crimes in so-called sanctuary cities ought to turned over to federal authorities , an online poll shows .
The Harvard-Harris survey provided to The Hill , posted Tuesday , found 80 percent of voters say local authorities should have to comply with the law by reporting to federal agents the illegal immigrants with whom they come in contact .
Further , the poll found 52 percent support President Donald Trump 's two executive orders allowing the building of a border wall and increasing the number of immigration officers , and for finding a way to revoke federal funds for sanctuary cities .
Americans also strongly support an overhaul of the nation 's immigration laws , the survey found ; 77 percent say they support comprehensive immigration reform , while 23 percent are opposed , the poll found .
`` While there is broad support for comprehensive immigration reform , there is overwhelming opposition to sanctuary cities , '' Harvard–Harris co-director Mark Penn told The Hill . `` The public wants honest immigrants treated fairly and those who commit crimes deported and that 's very clear from the data . ''
The poll also found :
Erik Friberg appears to be going back to Sweden and to his former club , according to reports out of his native country . The 30-year-old midfielder is apparently set to a sign a four-year deal with BK Hacken , where he spent parts of four seasons before his first stint with the Sounders . The deal is expected to be formally announced sometime in the next few days .
That Friberg is likely going back to Sweden should n't come as a huge shock . Sounders GM Garth Lagerwey did n't sound very optimistic about bringing back Friberg after the team declined to exercise the player 's option .
Even if Friberg had decided to return — likely at a significantly reduced salary — he 'd have been facing an uncertain future . Although he 'd played a significant part in the Sounders ' late-season run , including starting 5 of 6 playoff games , the acquisition of Harry Shipp likely pushed Friberg down the depth chart . As handy as having a versatile midfielder who seemed to add significantly to the locker room , the Sounders likely believed they could upgrade from a player who had just one goal and four assists in more than 3,000 minutes over parts of two seasons .
ANKARA ( Reuters ) - Turkey and the United States will soon launch “ comprehensive ” air operations to flush Islamic State fighters from a zone in northern Syria bordering Turkey , Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told Reuters on Monday .
Turkey 's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu answers a question during an interview with Reuters in Ankara , Turkey , August 24 , 2015 . REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Detailed talks between Washington and Ankara on the plans were completed on Sunday and regional allies including Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Jordan as well as Britain and France may also take part , Cavusoglu said in an interview .
“ The technical talks have been concluded , yesterday , and soon we will start this operation , comprehensive operations , against Daesh ( Islamic State ) , ” he said .
The United States and Turkey plan to provide air cover for what Washington judges to be moderate Syrian rebels as part of the operations , which aim to flush Islamic State from a rectangle of border territory roughly 80 km ( 50 miles ) long , officials familiar with the plans have said .
Diplomats say cutting Islamic State 's access to the Turkish border , across which it has been able to bring foreign fighters and supplies , could be a game-changer . U.S. jets have already begun air strikes from Turkish bases in advance of the campaign .
Cavusoglu said the operations would also send a message to President Bashar al-Assad and help put pressure on his administration to come to the negotiating table and seek a political solution for Syria 's wider war .
Ankara has long argued that lasting peace in Syria can only be achieved with Assad 's departure . U.S. officials , meanwhile , have made clear that the focus of the coalition operations will be squarely on pushing back Islamic State .
“ Our aim should be eradicating Daesh from both Syria and Iraq , otherwise you can not bring stability and security , ” said Cavusoglu , using another name for Islamic State . “ But eliminating the root causes of the situation ( in Syria ) is also essential , which is the regime of course . ”
A Pentagon spokesman said U.S. and Turkish military officials had held talks on Sunday to work out the tactical details of integrating Turkish combat aircraft into the air campaign against Islamic State .
“ We 're looking forward in the near future to welcoming Turkey into our combined air operations center , ” Navy Captain Jeff Davis said in Washington .
Cavusoglu said Syrian Kurdish PYD militia forces , which have proved a useful ally on the ground for Washington as it launched air strikes on Islamic State elsewhere in Syria , would not have a role in the “ safe zone ” that the joint operations aim to create , unless they changed their policies .
Ankara is concerned that the PYD and its allies aim to unite Kurdish cantons in northern Syria and fear those ambitions will stoke separatist sentiment among its own Kurds .
“ Yes , the PYD has been fighting Daesh ... But the PYD is not fighting for the territorial integrity or political unity of Syria . This is unacceptable , ” Cavusoglu said .
“ We prefer that the moderate opposition forces actually control the safe zone , or Daesh-free areas , in the northern part of Syria , not the PYD , unless they change their policies radically in that sense . ”
Both Ankara and Washington had given this message directly to the PYD , he said .
PKK STRIKES TO CONTINUE
Turkey 's relations with the PYD , whose forces control territory on the eastern fringe of the proposed safe zone , are complicated by what officials in Ankara say are the group 's deep ties with the Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) , which has fought an insurgency against Turkey for three decades .
Cavusoglu said Turkey 's military operations against PKK targets in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey , where Ankara has been carrying out air strikes over the past month , would continue until the group laid down its weapons .
The government says it launched the action against the PKK in response to an escalation in attacks on members of Turkish security forces . Cavusoglu said 61 soldiers and police officers had been killed by the group in recent months .
Critics say Turkey is using what it calls its “ synchronized war on terror ” , including its greater role in the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State , as a cover to attack the PKK and try to stem Kurdish political and territorial ambitions .
Ankara denies those accusations .
Diplomatic sources told Reuters last Friday that a second group of rebel fighters trained in Turkey by the U.S.-led coalition could be deployed to Syria within weeks as part of the strategy to push back the Islamic State .
The al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front said late last month it had detained some of a first group of less than 60 rebels , weeks after they were deployed , and warned others to abandon the program , highlighting their vulnerability .
“ In the second group we have around 100 ( fighters ) , ” Cavusoglu said , but made clear that the ground forces were only part of the strategy .
“ The train and equip program ( alone ) will not be enough to fight Daesh , that is why we agreed with the United States to start joint operations soon , ” he said .
Asked whether Iran 's improving relations with West in the wake of its nuclear deal could help the prospects of a diplomatic solution in Syria , Cavusoglu was cautious .
“ We are very happy to see that Iran has been normalizing its diplomatic ties with many Western countries ... Iran has better dialogue with many Western countries and that is what Turkey fully supports , ” he said , noting Britain 's reopening on Sunday of its embassy in Tehran .
“ But the situation in Syria , or in the region including Yemen and Iraq , is totally different to the nuclear deal . What we expect from Iran is a more constructive role in Syria and Iraq , and in Yemen , ” Cavusoglu said .
The first week of training camp has been an eventful one for the Ravens rookies , with first-rounder Ronnie Stanley stepping in at left tackle , second-rounder Kamalei Correa working with the first team and third-rounder Bronson Kaufusi suffering a season-ending ankle injury .
Another rookie who has stood out is undrafted free agent signing Victor Ochi , a 6-foot-1 , 242-pound product of Stony Brook .
The Ravens signed Ochi as a linebacker , but he has been working with the defensive linemen the last few days .
`` He 's explosive , '' coach John Harbaugh said . `` He 's a pass rusher , as advertised . This guy , his motor is running hot every play . He 's coming off the ball , he 's trying to get to the quarterback and he 's chasing the run . ''
Ochi has made a few plays to prove himself to the coaches . In Monday 's open practice at M & T Bank Stadium , he rushed past James Hurst on the outside to get to the quarterback in 11-on-11 action and also fared well in one-on-one drills . He found himself in the middle of post-play scuffles Monday and again Thursday .
`` We grade effort , and it 's very rare that he does n't get a plus on his effort , '' Harbaugh said . `` He 's a young guy . He has a lot to learn , but [ I 'm ] pretty fairly excited about him . He does have a ways to go . … We have to do some other things in our defense that he has to learn , but I 'd say he 's right on track . ''
Harbaugh not concerned with Urschel 's other interests : John Urschel 's commitment to studying mathematics is well-established by now , after the Ravens ' offensive lineman began taking graduate classes at Massachusetts Institute of Technology this past offseason .
But as a professional football player working toward a Ph.D. , Urschel still stands out , and his unique blend of interests did n't escape Harbaugh .
`` You do wonder . I would n't be strictly honest if I say it did n't cross my mind — 'You spend a lot of time on the math , buddy , ' '' Harbaugh said with a smile . `` But with him , you do , you just learn not to concern yourself with that , because he takes care of business , and he 's a football player first . ''
Since he began studying at MIT in the winter , he has taken the summer off to prepare for football and the fall off for the season . He has been a full participant in the team 's offseason program .
As a three-time Academic All-American at Penn State , Urschel became used to balancing school and football , and that effort is useful as he combines intelligence and athleticism on the field .
But of course , in the interest of the Ravens ' season , he hopes he does n't go back to math until February .
`` He knows that [ football is ] his profession at this time in life , '' Harbaugh said . `` He 's 100 percent committed to his football , and I 'd say he 's 100 percent committed to his math . … He commits himself to the things that are all important and does a great job of it , so I have no concerns whatsoever about him not being prepared . ''
End zone : Former Ravens fullbacks Sam Gash and Vonta Leach attended practice . Gash played for the Ravens from 2000-2002 , Leach from 2011-2013 . The two each started on one of the Ravens ' Super Bowl-winning teams . … A week after signing him , the Denver Broncos waived injured wide receiver Marlon Brown , who is dealing with a back injury .
jlourim @ baltsun.com
twitter.com/jakelourim
Back in May , I decided to make the conscious decision to ride more without a pack . It was becoming too cumbersome to carry as I 'd got into the habit of filling it with more than what I actually needed . I found myself packing bobble hats and spare socks incase I wanted to keep warm mid-ride , and I wo n't go into detail about the amount of food I was putting in .
So , I wrote a post about buying some bib shorts and ditched the pack . Since then , I 've been happily out and about on the bike without a pack at all . I 'd say I 've managed to ditch the backpack on 90 % of my rides and I 've even spent full days in the saddle without any pack at all . How ? It 's easier than you might think .
Firstly , the bib shorts are going down a treat . They 're actually much better than the padded shorts I was using before and were well worth the investment alone just for that reason . The addition of the three pockets on the back makes it easy to store some snacks ( though I 've yet to actually try to take a full meal – pasta ? – in the pockets ) as well as my car keys and some stickers for any folk I might bump into . The middle pocket is also big enough to hold a soft water bottle I picked up for less than the price of some of the Camelback bottles I 've seen . The excellent thing about this sort of bottle is that the more you drink , the easier it is for the bottle to fit as it just folds away .
In addition to the bibs , I 've bought myself a Fabric water bottle . They 're actually pretty clever as they do n't need a bottle cage , instead they just clip onto two over-sized bolts you screw in where the cage would be . I 've had no problems with it at all ( other than user error where I 've not clipped it on properly or loosened the bolts by accident ) , even though I was somewhat dubious when I first made the purchase . Fitting it to the bike was a bit of a puzzle solving mission and I ended up having to buy a Shimano battery adaptor to allow me to put the bolts further up the downtube so that the bottle would actually fit in the gap . Once that was solved though it 's been plain sailing . This is my go-to bottle for anything where I 'll be ok with around a litre . Anything where I 'll be out longer than that and the soft bottle goes in the bibs too . Touch wood , I 've been pretty good with the litre most of the time .
I grabbed a couple of backcountry research straps next . The ‘ Mutherload ' sits on the downtube and holds a tube , 2 CO2 canisters and my tyre levers quite comfortably . Amazon had a great deal on a CO2 adaptor and canister combo that I grabbed eagerly having seen Andy inflate his tyre at Coed-Y-Brenin with nothing more than a twist . The ‘ Race Strap ' sits under my saddle and holds my multi-tool . If these straps are good enough for enduro master Richie Rude , they 're plenty good enough for me . I 've been impressed with the sheer volume you can cram into them and they 've not moved at all , despite being stretched to full capacity .
Sure , I feel that the aesthetics of my bike are somewhat compromised and I 'd much sooner be riding with just me and the bike . But I 'd prefer to leave the bag in the car even more so I 'll happily put up with the extra clutter . Getting out without the pack is a great feeling and the weight on the bike rather than on your back really makes a noticeable difference . Jumps , in particular , are much more comfortable without the bag shifting around on your back and I do n't plan on moving back to the bag any time soon .
Viva la revolution !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
More
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Reddit
LinkedIn
Pocket
Telegram
Skype
Print
PAROLLES : It is not politic in the commonwealth of nature to preserve virginity . Loss of virginity is rational increase , and there was never virgin got till virginity was first lost . That you were made of is metal to make virgins . Virginity by being once lost may be ten times found ; by being ever kept is ever lost . 'T is too cold a companion . Away with't ! 'T is against the rule of nature . To speak on the part of virginity is to accuse your mothers , which is the most infallible disobedience . He that hangs himself is a virgin ; virginity murders itself , and should be buried in highways out of all sanctified limit , as a desperate offendress against nature . Virginity breeds mites , much like a cheese , consumes itself to the very paring , and so dies with feeding his own stomach . Besides , virginity is peevish , proud , idle , made of self-love , which is the most inhibited sin in the canon . Keep it not ; you can not choose but lose by't . Out with't ! Within ten year it will make itself ten , which is a goodly increase , and the principal itself not much the worse . Away with't ! 'T is a commodity will lose the gloss with lying : the longer kept , the less worth . Off with't while 't is vendible ; answer the time of request . Virginity , like an old courtier , wears her cap out of fashion , richly suited , but unsuitable , just like the brooch and the toothpick , which wear not now . Your date is better in your pie and your porridge than in your cheek ; and your virginity , your old virginity , is like one of our French withered pears : it looks ill , it eats drily . Marry , 't is a withered pear ; it was formerly better ; marry , yet 't is a withered pear ! Will you anything with it ?
The National Asset Management Agency said today it had redeemed another €500m of senior debt from the banks who sold the agency €74 billion of bad loans in the aftermath of the financial crisis .
On the back of the country 's economic recovery , NAMA is paying back the banks faster that originally envisaged .
It has now redeemed €16.6 billion of senior debt from the banks , 55 % of the total issued .
NAMA also said that it had selected Singapore-headquartered property developer Oxley Holdings as the preferred bidder for a 2.35 hectare site at North Wall Quay next to the Central Bank 's new head office in the Dublin Docklands .
The agency would not give any value of the deal , which is Oxley 's first in Ireland .
`` This transaction with Oxley will facilitate the provision of much-needed high-quality Grade A office space that will lead to further job creation , investment and economic activity in the Dublin Docklands , while maximising the value of this site for NAMA , '' commented the agency 's chief executive Brendan McDonagh .
Getty Images
Dr. James Andrews arguably is the best orthopedic surgeon in the country , if not the world . ( Or , perhaps more accurately , he has convinced everyone in the sports world that he is . ) But his expertise does n't extend from his hands to his mouth .
Andrews ' most recent gaffe comes from describing Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III as “ superhuman ” in his ability and motivation to recover from a torn ACL suffered in a playoff loss to the Seahawks .
In this specific situation , it 's critical that fan and media expectations be managed properly . Calling Griffin “ superhuman ” will serve only to make everyone believe he 'll be ready for Week One — even if he is n't . Then , Griffin will either end up risking injury or appearing less than “ superhuman ” if he fails to be ready to go .
It 's not the first time Andrews has said something he should n't when it comes to Griffin . Last month , Andrews boasted that Griffin is “ way ahead of schedule. ” And only days before Griffin 's already-injured knee imploded on the green dirt of FedEx Field , Andrews said that Griffin re-entered the December contest in which his knee was originally injured without being cleared .
So while Andrews is a great doctor , he 's not a P.R . specialist , he does n't play one on TV , and he did n't stay at a Holiday Inn Express last night . Or ever .
Bacteria that can swim propel themselves with corkscrew tails anchored in rotary motors . That may seem surprisingly mechanical for a microbe , but it is a system that has been wildly popular and conserved across billions of years of evolution .
To see what I mean , I encourage you to visit this page . All four videos are worth a look , but pay particular attention to the third .
The basic motor design is a rotating driveshaft embedded in a series of rings that act as stators , the stationary part of a mechanical rotor system . The rings are themselves embedded in the cell wall and cell membranes -- the skins of bacterial cells . Most of the rings appear to stabilize the driveshaft , but in one ring near the base ( called the MS ring below ) are a set of motor proteins that turn the base of the flagellum .
`` Flagellum base diagram en '' by LadyofHats - self-made
References : [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] ( main 3 ) , [ 4 ] , [ 5 ] ( propeller rotation ) , PMID 17142059 ( bend ) .. Licensed under Public Domain via Wikimedia Commons .
I should note that the depiction of the flagellum is not right in this image -- it should be shaped like a rigid helix or corkscrew with a fixed wavelength as you saw in the videos , not as a flexible whip . The tails of protists , plants , animals , and fungi are like that , but not bacteria .
These proteins get their power from the same chemical gradient that powers the cell itself -- the pumping of of subatomic particles called protons out of the cell by good ol ' cellular respiration and the electron transport chain that we all learned about back in high school biology ( the mitochondria in your cells , themselves descendants of bacteria , use a nearly identical process to power you . It 's what all that oxygen you 're so insistent about breathing is needed for ) .
Because the concentration of protons outside the cell is higher than that inside thanks to all this pumping , protons try to re-enter the cell by any means possible . The motor proteins in the MS ring of the bacterial flagellum provide such a pathway and harvest energy from the resultant flow of protons and use it to turn the tail . It 's much like a water wheel harvesting the flow of falling water to turn a mill that grinds grain . Calculations show ( according to my college microbiology text ) that 1,000 protons must pass through the motor protein to power a single turn of the tail . Bacteria can also slow down or step on the gas by controlling the strength of the proton motive force .
All this is not to say that every bacterial motor is identical , although this is the impression one gets as a biology student . On the contrary , it appears that there is substantial variation in the details of the motor design , although the core machine is clearly the same . This is not surprising when you consider the enormous span of time over which life has evolved on Earth ( well over 4 billion years , by current estimates ) , and the incredible variety of places that bacteria live and must navigate .
A team of scientists from Caltech and the University of Texas set out to get a better sense of that variation by surveying the motor structure of 11 bacteria from a variety of groups . They were surprised by the variation they saw .
You can see it for yourself . On the left are the business ends of the bacteria in question showing the base of the tail embedded in the cell wall and membranes . On the right are close-ups of the motors .
As you can see , they all use the same motor , just not the same model .
The 11 were chosen to represent a variety of habitats and species . Hylemonella gracilis seems to be a free-living aquatic bacterium . Borellia burgdorferi is the agent of Lyme Disease . E. coli is a ubiquitous resident of human bodies but some strains are causers of food poisoning par excellence ; so are Campylobacter jejuni and Salmonella enterica . Vibrio cholerae causes cholera . Helicobacter hepaticus is associated with hepatitis and colorectal cancer . Treponema primitia is a spiral bacterium isolated from termite guts , but is also in the same genus as Treponema pallidum , the cause of syphillis . Caulobacter crescentus is a free-living inhabitant of lakes and streams . Acetonema longum lives in termite guts , and Hyphomonas neptunium lives in the ocean , as you 'd expect from the name .
To give you a sense of where the various parts of the motor are in these images , here is one that breaks down the images into the relevant rings surrounding the driveshaft .
The `` export apparatus '' does just as its name suggests : it exports the proteins that build the tail itself . In the image at top , the export apparatus is also called the `` Type III Secretion System '' . This is a very specific protein complex found in many bacteria ; in pathogens , it 's often used to inject bacterial toxins into host cells . Here , more or less the same complex forms the core of the bacterial flagellar motor and injects tail proteins into the hollow core of the growing tail . When they reach the end , they spontaneously add themselves to the end of the tail , lengthening it .
Here are the parts of the motor highlighted by color in each of the species of bacteria examined . There 's a key to the colors at lower right .
Moselio Schaechter , microbiologist and the proprietor the American Society for Microbiology blog `` Small Things Considered '' had this to say about this study :
Now comes a surprise . One would expect that such a complex structure [ the bacterial motor ] be the product of an uncommon event in evolution , consequently , that it be alike in different bacterial species . Not so . A most exciting detailed analysis of eleven different species shows that although the basic plan is the same , these tiny machines vary considerably in detail . Their elements differ in curvature and in the positioning with regard to the axis . True , the bacteria species chosen included an assortment of their flagellar arrangement , the flagella being polar in some , all over the surface ( peritrichous ) in others , and in yet others encased in the periplasm [ the space between the inner and outer membranes ] . One can well imagine that such different arrangements might require specially adapted machinery . But this finding does reveal a great degree of plasticity in the way flagellar motors are made . Is n't this amazing ?
I ca n't help but agree .
Reference
Chen S. , Gavin E Murphy , Jared R Leadbetter , David R Hendrixson , Ariane Briegel , Zhuo Li , Jian Shi , Elitza I Tocheva , Axel Müller & Megan J Dobro & ( 2011 ) . Structural diversity of bacterial flagellar motors , The EMBO Journal , 30 ( 14 ) 2972-2981 . DOI : http : //dx.doi.org/10.1038/emboj.2011.186
__________________________
Thanks , Elio , for inspiring this blog post with yours !
Ok , it 's taken me longer than I had planned , but I 've finally finished the front side of my D & D 4th edition Party Tracking Sheet . Which is now available for download below . I 've playtested it within the group I play with over the last few weeks , just to see how well it works in play , and have made some adjustments as a result . There are some alignment issues still depending on what you use to view the file , hopefully I can work these out in time . I 'm also hoping to make a second side to display various currency/loot/notes for the party .
I 've released this sheet under the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share-Alike License , so you are free to copy and distribute these , as well as to make your own versions of the file should you wish to . Heres the exported PDF file of the Front side .
D & D 4th Party Tracker ( Front ) PDF
D & D 4th Party Tracker ( Front ) .pdf
Version : 1
D & D 4th Party Tracker ( Front ) .pdfVersion : 1 This is the PDF version of the D & D 4th Party Tracking Sheet , it is covered by the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share-Alike License . Which means you are free to share/copy and remix/edit the sheet as much as you want , you can make your own versions . As long as it is not for commercial purposes , and you continue to share your derivative works under the same Creative Commons License . Languages : English Author : Brian McGillivray Requirements : PDF Reader Category : RPG Sheets License : CC Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike Date : August 31 , 2011
2810 Downloads
Details ... 31.6 KiB2810 Downloads
And here is the original Inkscape SVG file , should you wish to edit the file .
D & D 4th Party Tracker ( Front ) SVG
D & D 4th Party Tracker ( Front ) .svg
Version : 1
D & D 4th Party Tracker ( Front ) .svgVersion : 1 This is the original Inkscape SVG File for the D & D 4th Party Tracking Sheet , it is covered by the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share-Alike License . Which means you are free to share/copy and remix/edit the sheet as much as you want , you can make your own versions . As long as it is not for commercial purposes , and you continue to share your derivative works under the same Creative Commons License . Languages : English Author : Brian McGillivray Requirements : PDF Reader Category : RPG Sheets License : CC Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike Date : August 31 , 2011
16578 Downloads
Details ... 136.4 KiB16578 Downloads
I 'd love to hear from anyone who finds my sheet useful .
Its heat may increase the rate of ice loss from one of the continent 's major ice streams
It was n't what they were looking for — but that only made the discovery all the more exciting .
In January 2010 , a team of scientists had set up two crossing lines of seismographs across Marie Byrd Land in West Antarctica . It was the first time the scientists had deployed many instruments in the interior of the continent that could operate year-round even in the coldest parts of Antarctica .
Like a giant CT machine , the seismograph array used disturbances created by distant earthquakes to make images of the ice and rock deep within West Antarctica .
There were big questions to be asked and answered . The goal , said Doug Wiens , PhD , was essentially to weigh the ice sheet to help reconstruct Antarctica 's climate history . ( Wiens is a professor of earth and planetary sciences in Arts & Sciences at Washington University in St. Louis and one of the project 's principal investigators . ) But to do this accurately , the scientists had to know how the earth 's mantle would respond to an ice burden , and that depended on whether it was hot and fluid or cool and viscous . The seismic data would allow them to map the mantle 's properties .
In the meantime , automated-event-detection software was put to work to comb the data for anything unusual .
When it found two bursts of seismic events between January 2010 and March 2011 , Wiens ' PhD student Amanda Lough looked more closely to see what was rattling the continent 's bones .
Was it rock grinding on rock , ice groaning over ice , or , perhaps , hot gases and liquid rock forcing their way through cracks in a volcanic complex ?
Uncertain at first , the more Lough and her colleagues looked , the more convinced they became that a new volcano was forming a kilometer beneath the ice .
The discovery of the new as-yet-unnamed volcano is announced in the Nov. 17 advance online issue of Nature Geoscience .
Following the trail of clues
The teams that install seismographs in Antarctica are given first crack at the data . Lough had done her bit as part of the WUSTL team , traveling to East Antarctica three times to install or remove stations .
In 2010 , many of the instruments were moved to West Antarctica , and Wiens asked Lough to look at the seismic data coming in , the first large-scale dataset from this part of the continent .
“ I started seeing events that kept occurring at the same location , which was odd , ” Lough said . “ Then I realized they were close to some mountains , but not right on top of them . ”
“ My first thought was , ‘ OK , maybe it 's just coincidence . ' But then I looked more closely and realized that the mountains were actually volcanoes and there was an age progression to the range . The volcanoes closest to the seismic events were the youngest ones . ”
The events were weak and very low frequency , which strongly suggested they were n't tectonic in origin . While low-magnitude seismic events of tectonic origin typically have frequencies of 10 to 20 cycles per second , this shaking was dominated by frequencies of 2 to 4 cycles per second .
Ruling out ice
But glacial processes can generate low-frequency events . If the events were n't tectonic , could they be glacial ?
To probe further , Lough used a global computer model of seismic velocities to “ relocate ” the hypocenters of the events to account for the known seismic velocities along different paths through the Earth . This procedure collapsed the swarm clusters to a third their original size .
It also showed that almost all of the events had occurred at depths of 25 to 40 kilometers ( 15 to 25 miles below the surface ) . This is extraordinarily deep — deep enough to be near the boundary between the earth 's crust and mantle , called the Moho , and more or less rules out a glacial origin .
It also casts doubt on a tectonic one . “ A tectonic event might have a hypocenter 10 to 15 kilometers ( 6 to 9 miles ) deep , but at 25 to 40 kilometers , these were way too deep , ” Lough said .
A colleague suggested that the event waveforms looked like Deep Long Period earthquakes , or DPLs , which occur in volcanic areas , have the same frequency characteristics and are as deep . “ Everything matches up , ” Lough said .
An ash layer encased in ice
The seismologists also talked to scientists Duncan Young , PhD , and Don Blankenship , PhD , of the University of Texas , who fly airborne radar over Antarctica to produce topographic maps of the bedrock . “ In these maps , you can see that there 's elevation in the bed topography at the same location as the seismic events , ” Lough said .
The radar images also showed a layer of ash buried under the ice . “ They see this layer all around our group of earthquakes and only in this area , ” Lough said .
“ Their best guess is that it came from Mount Waesche , an existing volcano near Mount Sidley . But that is also interesting because scientists had no idea when Mount Waesche was last active , and the ash layer sets the age of the eruption at 8,000 years ago . ”
What 's up down there ?
The case for volcanic origin has been made . But what exactly is causing the seismic activity ?
“ Most mountains in Antarctica are not volcanic , ” Wiens said , “ but most in this area are . Is it because East and West Antarctica are slowly rifting apart ? We do n't know exactly . But we think there is probably a hot spot in the mantle here producing magma far beneath the surface . ”
“ People are n't really sure what causes DPLs , ” Lough said . “ It seems to vary by volcanic complex , but most people think it 's the movement of magma and other fluids that leads to pressure-induced vibrations in cracks within volcanic and hydrothermal systems . ”
Will the new volcano erupt ?
“ Definitely , ” Lough said . “ In fact , because the radar shows a mountain beneath the ice , I think it has erupted in the past , before the rumblings we recorded . ”
Will the eruptions punch through a kilometer or more of ice above it ?
The scientists calculated that an enormous eruption , one that released 1,000 times more energy than the typical eruption , would be necessary to breach the ice above the volcano .
On the other hand , a subglacial eruption and the accompanying heat flow will melt a lot of ice . “ The volcano will create millions of gallons of water beneath the ice — many lakes full , ” Wiens said .
This water will rush beneath the ice toward the sea and feed into the hydrological catchment of the MacAyeal Ice Stream , one of several major ice streams draining ice from Marie Byrd Land into the Ross Ice Shelf .
By lubricating the bedrock , it will speed the flow of the overlying ice , perhaps increasing the rate of ice-mass loss in West Antarctica .
“ We were n't expecting to find anything like this , ” Wiens said .
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation , Division of Polar Programs .
Purchase reflects an increasing demand for mid-inclination orbits from small satellite industry
SEATTLE – May 17 , 2017 — Spaceflight , the company reinventing the model for launching small satellites into space , today announced the purchase of a Rocket Lab Electron rocket to increase the frequency of its dedicated rideshare missions . The Electron is an ideal launch vehicle for dedicated and rideshare missions , especially those serving difficult-to-come-by launch destinations such as mid-inclination orbits for remote sensing satellites . In late 2015 , Spaceflight began its dedicated rideshare launch service with the purchase of a SpaceX Falcon 9 and now expands the rocket partnership to Rocket Lab with the Electron .
Dedicated rideshare for smallsats is a new launch alternative that blends cost-effective rideshare pricing ( where several payloads share the same launch to a specific destination ) with first-class service , typically associated with buying a private rocket . Spaceflight provides multiple launch options to ensure organizations can access space when they need to , at a much lower cost than buying their own launch vehicle .
“ There are numerous rideshare launches each year to Sun Synchronous Orbit , but getting to 45 to 60 degrees is hard to find , and can cost the equivalent of buying an entire rocket , ” said Curt Blake , President of Spaceflight 's launch business . “ We are thrilled to be working with Rocket Lab to enable our customers ' remote sensing missions that require high revisit time over North America , Europe , and the Middle East . ”
Peter Beck , Rocket Lab CEO added , “ The Electron is an entirely carbon-composite vehicle that is designed to carry payloads of 225kg to an elliptical orbit and up to 150kg to a nominal 500km sun synchronous low earth orbit . We look forward to expanding this relationship and operational manifest with Spaceflight as we increase our market reach and remove the barriers to commercial space . ”
Spaceflight has launched more than 100 satellites to date from a variety of launch vehicles including PSLV , Dnepr , Antares , Cygnus , Soyuz and others . The frequency of satellite launches , combined with Spaceflight 's cross-section of customers and variety of mission-applications , is a strong indicator of the growing capabilities of small satellites and the need for more timely and cost-effective access to space .
The companies have not yet announced a date for the Electron dedicated rideshare mission . Organizations interested in learning more about this and other launch options should contact sales @ spaceflight.com .
About Spaceflight
Spaceflight is revolutionizing the business of spaceflight by delivering a new model for accessing space . A comprehensive launch services and mission management provider , the company provides a straightforward and cost-effective suite of products and services including state-of-the-art satellite infrastructure and rideshare launch offerings that enable commercial and government entities to achieve their mission goals on time and on budget . A service offering of Spaceflight Industries in Seattle Washington , Spaceflight provides its services through a global network of partners , ground stations and launch vehicle providers . For more information , visit http : //www.spaceflight.com .
About Rocket Lab
Rocket Lab 's mission is to remove the barriers to commercial space by providing frequent launch opportunities to low Earth orbit . Since its creation in 2006 by Peter Beck , Rocket Lab has delivered a range of complete rocket systems and technologies for fast and affordable payload deployment .
In addition to New Zealand 's first orbital launch site located on the Māhia Peninsula , the company has operations in both Los Angeles and Auckland . Rocket Lab is a private company , with major investors including Khosla Ventures , Bessemer Venture Partners , Data Collective , Promus Ventures , Lockheed Martin and K1W1 .
# # #
PR contact :
Christie Melby , Communiqué PR
206-282-4923 x127
Christine @ CommuniquePR.com
Jennifer Gehrt , Communiqué PR
206-282-4923 x112
Jennifer @ CommuniquePR.com
Catherine Moreau Hammond , Rocket Lab
+64 27 538 9039
catherine @ rocketlabusa.com
EDRi argued the case to the European institutions . The proposed legislation was n't a drastic change from the current text—it simply reiterated the existing principles and improved the implementation of legislation . The relevant service of the Commission—the Directorate-General for Justice—accepted the provision and included it in its draft Regulation . However , after considerable US pressure , wherein which the US lobbied against the legislation by claiming it was going to lead to terrorism , financial meltdown , and child pornography , the provision was removed before Commission made its proposal .
EDRi obtained and published all of the relevant information about the proposal and US lobbying , trying to set the record straight in light of the misleading claims made by the US regarding the proposal and the backtracking of the European Commission . But at that time—January 2012—they could n't persuade any press outlets to pick up the story .
However , after being proposed by the European Commission , the proposal moved to the European Parliament . EDRi campaigned to have `` Article 42 '' adopted as an amendment during that process . This was proposed by the parliamentarian in charge but received very little attention or support .
From January 2012 until June 2013 , there was no realistic possibility of success , but the group carried on . However , once the Snowden leaks were published , the atmosphere changed completely . In this context , the fact that the US had successfully persuaded the Commission to delete the proposal was far more shocking . News stories appeared in major publications , such as the Financial Times . As a result , an overwhelming majority of Parliamentarians saw the need to reinsert a modified version of the text into the Regulation . When the Snowden revelations were published , the deadline for the tabling of amendments in the European Parliament had passed . The Parliament was able to vote for the anti-FISA safeguard because they had ensured that the amendment had been tabled . Most recently , the German minister responsible has given his support for this provision to be included in the final European regulation .
Of course , that one change to EU legislation is not enough for EDRi , however it is an important step and they continue to fight for similar legislation .
Feb 5 , 2017 ; Madison , WI , USA ; Indiana Hoosiers forward Juwan Morgan ( 13 ) shoots the ball as Wisconsin Badgers guard Jordan Hill ( L ) and forward Nigel Hayes ( R ) defend during the first half at the Kohl Center . Mandatory Credit : Mary Langenfeld-USA TODAY Sports
Indiana basketball took on No . 10 Wisconsin in college basketball 's Sunday matinee . The Hoosiers came up short after a second half push , falling to the Badgers 65-60 .
Madison , Wisconsin has not been kind to the Indiana Hoosiers Men 's Basketball team . On Sunday , the Hoosiers were looking for their first win at the Kohl Center since 1998 . No . 10 Wisconsin , one of the best teams in the country , continued their winning streak against Indiana at home .
Indiana was looking for their second straight win after defeating Penn State in triple overtime earlier in the week . The Hoosiers played their third straight game without junior guard James Blackmon Jr. , who suffered a leg injury on January 26th against Michigan .
The Hoosiers fell to a 12-point deficit with just over eight minutes left in the first half . Coming out of the timeout , Indiana followed with a 14-to-5 run to end the first half . A key three-point shot from Thomas Bryant before the timeout sparked the run for the Hoosiers . No . 10 Wisconsin was having another lackluster shooting performance . The Badgers managed to shoot under 40-percent from the field for a third straight game .
Wisconsin 's Ethan Happ had 20 points , seven rebounds , and three blocks – enough to push past Indiana . Happ provided a key block in the last three minutes of the game , following a timeout call to save the Badgers possession . Nigel Hayes had 15 points , 10 rebounds , and 7-for-8 from the free throw line . 65 points were enough to avoid a potential upset at home .
Indiana did just about everything you could ask an injury depleted team . The Hoosiers did just about everything but outscore the Badgers . Indiana shot 42.9-percent from the field – compared to Wisconsin 's 39.6-percent . Josh Newkirk had another impressive offensive game scoring 22 points . A costly turnover by Newkirk to the Badgers late in the second half potentially provided a turning point in the game .
One of the highlights for Indiana included this monstrous throwdown by Thomas Bryant .
ICYMI : How about the power on this Thomas Bryant @ IndianaMBB slam ? https : //t.co/1z5VTDLRsK — Indiana On BTN ( @ IndianaOnBTN ) February 5 , 2017
The Hoosiers were outrebounded 33-to-29 and turned the ball over 15 times . Wisconsin was able to capitalize on some of the Hoosiers miscues . Even though the Hoosiers suffered their ninth loss of the season and fell under .500 in the Big Ten , there might be a sign of life in this team .
For the first time since November , the Hoosiers were active on defense . They forced the No . 10 team in the country to 13 turnovers and less than 40-percent shooting . Wisconsin may have escaped with the win , but Indiana should n't hang their heads . A game in which they can build on heading home to face No . 23 Purdue on Thursday .
If the NCAA Tournament started today , Indiana would probably be one of the first eight teams on the outside looking in . A resume dressed in nine losses includes some ugly losses . Indiana 's current RPI score is 73 with a strength-of-schedule ranking outside the top-50 according to CBS Sports . Indiana still has time to make a case for a tournament bid .
Indiana has two games remaining against No . 23 Purdue , a possible split could put the Hoosiers back in the conversation . They have a rematch against No . 25 Northwestern at the end of the month . This all contingent on the Hoosiers going 3-0 against Michigan , Minnesota , and Iowa . Indiana will play four of their final five games on the road .
It 's a tall task for a young Indiana team . If James Blackmon Jr. comes back and remains healthy , the idea of a winning streak is not out of the question . The Hoosiers take on No . 23 Purdue at home on Thursday at 7 p.m . ET .
Eminem , no stranger to namedropping pop culture figures in his rhymes , just mentioned Lana Del Rey in a new cypher supporting the new two-disc Shady Records greatest hits compilation Shady XV , Billboard reports . Specifically , he says that he 'll `` punch Lana Del Rey in the face twice like Ray Rice . '' Watch it happen below .
Here 's the whole section in context :
“ But I may fight for gay rights , especially if they dyke is more of a knockout than Janay Rice/ Play nice ? Bitch I 'll punch Lana Del Rey right in the face twice , like Ray Rice in broad daylight in the plain sight of the elevator surveillance/ 'Til her head is banging on the railing , then celebrate with the Ravens . ”
Azealia Banks responded :
Update : Perfume Genius and Perfect Pussy 's Meredith Graves also tweeted about Eminem 's freestyle :
Here 's the line in question :
Here 's the whole thing :
Embedded content is unavailable .
Great efforts have been taken lately in attempts to prevent digital piracy . U.S. internet service providers recently agreed to a “ six strikes ” agreement to put the policing in ISPs ' hands . Paypal agreed to work with London police to cut off a website that sells pirated content . And yesterday a UK high court ordered BT ( the Comcast of the UK ) to block access to a site that sells pirated music . As novel as these approaches are , they all contain the same flawed line of thinking . They think they can eliminate piracy by resisting it .
Digital piracy has been a headache for Hollywood , the music industry , and software companies for years now . In the early days of the internet , dial-up speeds and limited digital content made illegal distribution a relatively minor concern . But as media went digital and users ' bandwidth increased , “ piracy ” exploded .
The music industry has been so damaged that “ all-you-can-eat for $ 10 ” streaming services like Spotify are being looked to as a saving grace . Hollywood has been hit too , with current-run movies often hitting torrents the same day they 're in theaters ( if not earlier ) . The same could be said for PC , Mac , and even gaming console software .
Years of Fruitless Struggle
The tactics used by these copyright holders to protect their content have n't exactly been successful so far . Feeling helpless , several of them have tried to induce widespread fear by picking out illegal downloaders and “ making an example ” of them .
The most famous example of the “ scorched Earth ” policy was from the makers of the Oscar-winning film The Hurt Locker . They sued 5,000 BitTorrent users for having their I.P . addresses associated with downloaded copies of the movie . Many of those users were scared into settling for $ 1,500 or more . Ultimately , a judge threw out the remaining lawsuits , as nobody can possibly pursue all of those cases in court .
Studios and record labels have also tried forcing Internet Service Providers to block access to torrents , but have n't found much success . The only real cases where you can clearly say that the plaintiffs have clearly succeeded have been when there is a central company that is responsible ( like Limewire and the original Napster ) .
As torrents involve peer-to-peer connections , there is no central figure that can be punished . ISP 's do n't want to block torrents altogether . First , tons of perfectly legal content is transferred through torrents every day , you ca n't just outlaw them . Second , ISP 's like all of the money that they 're getting from their customers , and do n't want to do something rash that could send them to a competitor .
“ Six Strikes ”
Earlier this month , major U.S. ISP 's ( including AT & T , Verizon , Comcast , Cablevision , and Time Warner Cable ) voluntarily signed an agreement with studios to focus more on “ education ” about copyright infringement to violators than on six-figure lawsuits .
As the deal goes , when a studio contacts an ISP to report an IP address , the customer at that address will receive a series of “ letters , ” with the intention of pointing out the violation and referring him to more information on the subject . After several of these letters , customers may face data throttling or a “ landing page ” that wo n't go away until they contact the ISP . As always , ISP 's also have the option of terminating service altogether , but not many of them seem interested in going that route .
The approach is suspiciously soft , and therefore may have an ulterior motive . We suspect that the steps are in place to make it easier to bring up lawsuits against those who are caught . If a person has received six pieces of correspondence , it 's harder for him to claim his WiFi was hacked or to say that he knew nothing of it .
On the surface , it seems more sensible than suing a swarm of torrent users for an amount thousands of times greater than the value of the content they downloaded . But it does n't change much from the way things are already being handled ( warning letters from ISP 's have been used for quite some time ) , and it 's missing the key component that will ultimately dampen piracy 's impact : innovation .
Innovation Over Prohibition
As it stands , the movie and music studios are behaving like 20th century companies , whining that things are n't the same as they used to be . They ca n't go back to a world where digital piracy is n't possible – but they sure keep trying .
Sure , you can preach , shame , and threaten people for getting pirated content . But after years of trying to do that , piracy is as rampant as ever . You can wage a moral war against it and declare that it 's utterly despicable , but this “ damning ” approach simply has n't worked .
No matter how many downloaders get sued , people will keep finding ways to get illegal media content . Instead of fighting tooth and nail to achieve the impossible dream of returning to a world where piracy is n't possible , why not embrace the new world and find enticing new ways to get customers ' money ?
Music
Spotify is a great example of this . If I 'm “ Joe BitTorrent user , ” and I 've been downloading free music for five years , I have no interest in purchasing an album from iTunes or buying a CD from Best Buy . If , however , I 'm offered ( nearly ) any song I would ever want at my fingertips for $ 10/month – and it 's instantly available on all of my mobile devices – that 's sounding pretty good .
It works because it 's more convenient for Joe BitTorrent User than downloading pirated content is . Plus the asking price is quite reasonable . Joe Bittorrent User is now “ Joe Spotify User , ” and is contributing $ 120/yr . to the music industry . It 's not a fortune , but it 's $ 120/yr . more than what the music industry previously got from him .
TV/Movies
Netflix is another great model . While its selection of TV/movies is n't on par with Spotify 's music selection , it 's closer than anything else we have right now . If Hollywood was in as desperate a position as the music industry , we likely would see a Netflix with most movie titles available .
What if the studios could agree on a plan that would let a service offer nearly every movie in existence ( aside from those in theaters ) for about $ 20/month ? What if they added a higher-tiered option that would let subscribers see movies that are still in theaters ? If the selection was really that impressive , they would see a lot of people pouring money into Hollywood who were previously turning to Pirate Bay for their viewing material .
Whether this will happen will depend on how desperate Hollywood gets . If they keep struggling for long enough , they 'll have no choice but to adapt . If not , they certainly wo n't volunteer for it . The people making these decisions are too short-sighted to acknowledge that the world has changed and that it 's up to them to offer something better . They 're too busy resisting the future and clinging to an old model that has proven not to work .
Games
When you 're talking about software , it gets a little trickier . While it 's hypothetically possible to have an all-you-can play gaming service where gamers can play all the big PC titles for , say , $ 30/month – that seems less plausible than Spotify or Netflix .
But we have already seen the biggest weapon against pirating PC games – online gaming . It 's hard for publishers to prevent their games from being put up for download , but it 's easy to block the players of those pirated games from playing online .
Many publishers have already figured this out . It 's no coincidence that multiplayer has become such a big part of recent PC gaming . Even if it is n't an MMO like World of Warcraft , single-player games like Call of Duty are also making their online multiplayer as attractive as possible . Like Spotify and Netflix , it gives people an incentive to buy the content instead of stealing it .
Other Software
Is there a similar solution for vendors of productivity suites such as Microsoft Office or Photoshop ? While offering more competitive pricing would be a good start , there is something even better on its way .
The best solution for these types of software is n't quite here yet , but is rapidly approaching : the cloud . In a few years , having all of your documents and projects automatically synced between all of your home and mobile devices will be what we all expect . Apple is getting a jump on this with iCloud , and others will surely follow .
By simply adding piracy safeguards to any and all cloud services ( much like vendors already do with online gaming ) , you 've given “ Johnny the Microsoft Office Pirate ” a big reason to pay for the software . If you want your docs and projects to be synced in the cloud , your software is going to have to be legit .
It may not sound like enough of an incentive for pirates to pay hundreds of dollars for now , but soon the cloud could be a big enough element of our digital lives that it will be .
No Perfect Solution Yet
Of course none of these solutions are going to completely eradicate illegal downloading . But what these innovations can accomplish is getting money from people who otherwise would have taken it without giving any money . It is n't perfect , but it 's better than what they 've achieved in trying to squash piracy .
One can go on and on about how it “ should n't ” be that way , and that what pirates are doing is wrong so it must be stopped , etc . But unless we 're going to start invading every internet user 's privacy and start policing everything that happens online , then that kind of stomping-out is n't likely to work any better than it has up to this point .
Those who rose to powerful positions during a different era are usually slow to adapt to changes in the world . But if the studios and companies who are having their work stolen from them want to do anything about it , they have two choices . They can keep doing what they 've been doing – and likely succeed in nothing but racking up legal fees . Or they can ask themselves what they can do to make people want to pay for their products in an age where it 's possible for them to take it for free .
Image caption The new TV service will launch in the first half of 2011
A new free-to-air , web-connected TV service combining Freeview digital channels with on-demand content such as iPlayer will launch in the UK in 2011 .
YouView - formerly known as Project Canvas - is a partnership between BT , the BBC , ITV , Five , Channel 4 , Arqiva and TalkTalk .
Users will access it via a set-top box , which will go on sale next year .
YouView 's chief executive , Richard Halton , claimed it would `` change the way we watch TV for ever '' .
The set-top boxes will be sold either on a stand-alone basis , or as part of a package provided by internet service providers .
However , both the price and set-top box manufacturer has yet to be decided .
A spokesperson for YouView told BBC News that the door was open for firms to bid for the set-top box contract .
The principle behind YouView is that it should make it easier for viewers to catch up with programmes from the BBC iPlayer , ITV.com and 4OD on their TV set , rather than on a laptop , desktop , or smartphone .
TV Week
The service will enable viewers to watch programmes up to seven days after broadcast , along with the ability to search programmes by type , such as films , sport and documentaries .
Mr Halton said the service `` combines the best TV with on demand services and internet content '' .
`` I am delighted to be leading the team who will make it a reality . ''
However , the project has come in from criticism from several quarters .
Sky 's director of corporate affairs , Graham McWilliam , has called it `` nothing short of BBC mission creep '' while Virgin Media lodged a complaint with media regulator Ofcom in August saying it was anti-competitive and could destroy the online TV market .
An earlier scheme , Project Kangaroo , was blocked by the Competition Commission at the start of 2010 .
Man , 23 , bitten to death by his own father who thought he was possessed by a SNAKE
A 53-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of biting his own son to death to get rid of ' a snake haunting him , ' Japanese media have reported .
23-year-old Takuya Nagaya was attacked by his father , Katsumi Nagaya , on Friday in Okazaki City , Japan .
The investigation has so far revealed that the victim was repeatedly assaulted , included head-butting and biting .
A 53-year-old man has been arrested in Japan on suspicion of biting his adult son to death to get rid of a 'snake haunting him '
When the father was arrested , reports suggest he confessed to Police that he committed the murder 'to drive the snake that had possessed him . '
According to television station TV Asahi , Mr Takuya , who lived in the nearby Anjo City , was at his parents ' house late on Thursday night .
He allegedly began starting to behave in a violent and erratic manner , telling his parents he was a snake .
His worried mother called Takuya 's father to help , and it was then that Katsumi began to beat his son , to rid him of the 'snake ' that was taking over his mind .
This attack apparently continued on until the evening of Friday .
When Takuya 's body had gone limp , he was rushed to the hospital , where he died later from his injuries .
One Hundred Years of Solitude has most shaped world literature over the past 25 years , says survey
Gabriel García Márquez 's seminal novel One Hundred Years of Solitude is the piece of writing that has most shaped world literature over the past 25 years , according to a survey of international writers .
Barack Obama 's memoir , Dreams from My Father , also makes an appearance on the list of favourite works chosen by fellow writers .
Indra Sinha , Blake Morrison , Amit Chaudhuri and 22 other authors were asked to pick the title that they felt had most influenced world writing over the past quarter-century . The survey was conducted by the international literary magazine Wasafiri – meaning `` cultural traveller '' in Swahili – which celebrates its 25th anniversary today .
Márquez 's novel was the only book to be selected more than once . It was chosen by three authors : Chika Unigwe , Sujata Bhatt and the Ghanaian writer Nii Ayikwei Parkes .
Parkes said : `` [ It ] taught the west how to read a reality alternative to their own , which in turn opened the gates for other non-western writers like myself and other writers from Africa and Asia .
`` Apart from the fact that it 's an amazing book , it taught western readers tolerance for other perspectives . ''
Sinha picked Vladimir Nabokov 's Lolita `` for Nabokov 's astonishing virtuoso performance , which has never been excelled '' , and Morrison plumped for The Stories of Raymond Carver . `` No creative writing course would be complete without it , '' he said . `` Thousands of young writers have been taught to pare their work to the bone , just as Carver was by his editor Gordon Lish – though nobody can match Carver 's genius for rhythm and nuance . ''
Poetry made a strong showing on the list of 25 titles : Chaudhuri selected Elizabeth Bishop 's Collected Poems , which he first chanced upon in a Bombay library in the late 1970s . `` [ It ] has had an enormous , if subtle , impact on how we think of poetry and language today , '' he said , calling it `` a reminder that travel , exile , cosmopolitan irony , as well as a certain narrative of the self can be addressed just as well – if not better – through the means poetry has at hand ( economy , form , the image , and a kind of grace ) as they can by the novel or the essay . ''
Daljit Nagra picked Seamus Heaney 's North `` for its intensely lyrical and idiosyncratic focus on aesthetic resolutions to conflict '' , while Elaine Feinstein selected Ted Hughes 's Birthday Letters , for creating `` a new form of intimate poetry , quite different from Robert Lowell 's confessional verse '' .
Salman Rushdie made the list twice , for The Satanic Verses and Midnight 's Children , while VS Naipaul was nominated for A House for Mr Biswas , Ben Okri for The Famished Road and JM Coetzee for Disgrace .
The Obama memoir , Dreams from My Father , was picked by Marina Warner for being `` definitely the most influential book historically , but … also a work of literature too , beautifully written , and the product of deep , open-hearted reflection '' .
Wasafiri 's editor , Susheila Nasta , said that in 1984 , when the magazine was launched , even the Nobel prize for literature had no African , Chinese or Caribbean writers on its list . `` Recently we 've had Nadine Gordimer , Wole Soyinka and so on . There has been a big sea change , but there is still further to go , '' she said .
The Wasafiri list :
1 Aminatta Forna : The Famished Road by Ben Okri
2 Amit Chaudhuri : Collected Poems by Elizabeth Bishop
3 Bernardine Evaristo : Staying Power : The History of Black People in Britain by Peter Fryer
4 Beverley Naidoo : Roll of Thunder , Hear My Cry by Mildred D Taylor
5 Blake Morrison : The Stories of Raymond Carver by Raymond Carver
6 Brian Chikwava : The Savage Detectives by Roberto Bolaño
7 Chika Unigwe : One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel García Márquez
8 Daljit Nagra : North by Seamus Heaney
9 David Dabydeen : A House for Mr Biswas by VS Naipaul
10 Elaine Feinstein : Birthday Letters by Ted Hughes
11 Fred D'Aguiar : Palace of the Peacock by Wilson Harris
12 Hirsh Sawhney : River of Fire by Quarratulain Hyder
13 Indra Sinha : Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov
14 John Haynes : Philosophical Investigations by Ludwig Wittgenstein
15 Lesley Lokko : Midnight 's Children by Salman Rushdie
16 Maggie Gee : Disgrace by JM Coetzee
17 Marina Warner : Dreams from My Father by Barack Obama
18 Maya Jaggi : The English Patient by Michael Ondaatje
19 Michael Horovitz : Collected Poems by Allen Ginsberg
20 Minoli Salgado : Anil 's Ghost by Michael Ondaatje
21 Nii Parkes : One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel García Márquez
22 Roger Robinson : Sula by Toni Morrison
23 Sujata Bhatt : One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel García Márquez
24 Sukhdev Sandhu : The Private Life of Chairman Mao by Dr Li Zhisui
25 Tabish Khair : The Satanic Verses by Salman Rushdie
Radiation measurements sent back from NASA 's Mars Science Laboratory mission as it delivered the rover Curiosity to Mars last year is giving scientists the information they need to protect astronauts on future deep space missions .
NASA researchers will use the radiation measurements to design protective systems to shield humans from radiation exposure on deep-space expeditions , such as planned journeys to Mars .
Initial research into the measurements shows that the radiation exposure on a trip to Mars , using current shielding technology , would exceed NASA 's career limit for its astronauts .
A 3 % increased risk of fatal cancer is now NASA 's limit for astronauts traveling and working in low-Earth orbit .
`` As this nation strives to reach an asteroid and Mars in our lifetimes , we 're working to solve every puzzle nature poses to keep astronauts safe so they can explore the unknown and return home , '' said William Gerstenmaier , NASA 's associate administrator for human exploration and operations , in a written statement . `` Curiosity 's Radiation Assessment Detector is giving us critical data we need so that we humans , like the rover , can dare mighty things to reach the Red Planet . ''
Gerstenmaier added that NASA engineers and scientists will be using Curiosity 's radiation measurements as they continue to work on the Orion spacecraft and the Space Launch System rocket to carry and shelter astronauts in deep space .
NASA noted that the radiation detector onboard the Mars Science Laboratory was the first instrument set up to measure the radiation inside the spacecraft during a journey to the Red Planet . The environment inside the rover 's spacecraft is similar to what humans might experience in a capsule .
The measurements , NASA reported , will decrease uncertainty about the effectiveness of current radiation shielding .
There are two kinds of radiation that pose potential health risks to astronauts in deep space , NASA said . One is galactic cosmic rays , which are particles caused by supernova explosions and other high-energy events outside the solar system . The other is solar energetic particles , which are associated with solar flares and coronal mass ejections from the sun .
`` These measurements will be used to better understand how radiation travels through deep space and how it is affected and changed by the spacecraft structure itself , '' said NASA researcher Donald M. Hassler , in a statement . `` The spacecraft protects somewhat against lower energy particles , but others can propagate through the structure unchanged or break down into secondary particles . ''
The NASA rover Curiosity , being carried by the Mars Science Laboratory , launched for Mars late in November 2011 , landing on the Red Planet last August .
The rover , which is equipped with multiple scientific instruments , is working to find evidence of whether Mars does -- or has ever been able to -- sustain life , even in microbial form .
This article , NASA 's Curiosity proves Mars trip would blast humans with radiation , was originally published at Computerworld.com .
Sharon Gaudin covers the Internet and Web 2.0 , emerging technologies , and desktop and laptop chips for Computerworld . Follow Sharon on Twitter at @ sgaudin , on Google+ or subscribe to Sharon 's RSS feed . Her email address is sgaudin @ computerworld.com .
See more by Sharon Gaudin on Computerworld.com .
ROME , Dec. 28 ( UPI ) -- Two vessels collided in the Adriatic Sea off the coast of Italy , causing two passengers to drown and others to go missing , according to the Italian coast guard .
The incident is separate from another episode in the same waters , where a ferry caught fire off the Greek coast in the Adriatic Sea , prompting a joint Italian-Greek rescue operation early Sunday .
The two collided vessels were merchant ships from Turkey and Belize , respectively . They struck each other in poor visibility one mile from the Italian port of Ravenna , sinking the Turkish ship , coast guard officials said , according to Al Jazeera .
Four members out of 11 from the Turkish ship have been pulled from the water , while two drowned . Searchers have located four more and are continuing rescue efforts .
The cause of the collision remains unknown .
At least 150 passengers had been saved from the burning Italian-flagged ferry Norman Atlantic by early Sunday , while 250 passengers remained on board . At least one man died after jumping from the blazing ship .
Italian navy and coast guard spokesmen noted that both rescue operations were being complicated by rough waters .
LONDON -- The Patriots held a Friday walkthrough in a most unusual place -- a public park .
Bill Belichick led the way , as players walked out of their London hotel , across the street , and into Hyde Park . The session , with most players dressed in gray sweatsuits and some wearing winter caps , lasted for about an hour and those passing by stopped to watch .
Hyde Park , as explained here , is one of London 's finest landscapes covering 350 acres .
“ I 'm walking through and see a lot of guys in gray suits and I kind of think it has something to do with American football . So I have a look and it 's quite clear , '' said be Mike Simpson-Jones , 40 , from Buckinghamshire . `` It was just interesting to see some of the moves and how it 's almost like being on stage and they 're walking through their moves . ''
Simpson-Jones was one of about 25-50 people who stopped to watch the walkthrough . One reason Belichick might have felt comfortable with holding the session in the public park is that most of those who watched had little knowledge of what they were seeing .
`` I did n't have a clue who any of the people were , ” Simpson-Jones said .
About
THE CUP OF FUN GAME
The Cup of Fun Game , Original Version , is a drinking game for ages 21+ .
Have you ever been to a party and been bored or did n't know many people so you just wanted to go home ? Have you ever thrown a party and been nervous about whether everyone would get along and have a good time ? The Cup of Fun Game is your solution…there 's a party in every Fun Cup ! The Cup of Fun Game is a zany drinking game that will spark life into every party while creating unforgettable memories that will last a lifetime , no one will want to go home ! The game is simple : Drink from the patent pending Fun Cup and perform the Task found written on the Fun Slip . Each Task is written to facilitate and encourage Players to be spontaneous and creative when they are acting out their Task . This game generates loads of fun and laughter , one Fun Slip Task at a time . There 's not another drinking game like it on the market ! Welcome to the Cup of Fun Game…there 's a party in every Fun Cup !
In order to market and sell the Cup of Fun Game , I need product , so the money raised through this Kickstarter campaign will go towards manufacturing the initial order of 5,000 games . The game will be MADE IN THE USA and will be assembled and packaged by the ARC of Bergen/Passaic Inc .
The Cup of Fun Game will truly be the best party game you will ever play !
The Cup of Fun Game : Box Art
There are no cards , no dice , and no boards in this game . The Cup of Fun Game does not require a group of people to all sit down together at one time in order to play the game . Players chose IF and WHEN they play the Cup of Fun Game . If someone wants to play the game , they drink from the Fun Cup . If someone does not want to play , do n't drink from the Fun Cup , it 's that simple .
FUN SLIP TASK BOOKLET
The perforated Fun Slip Task Booklet contains Pre-Printed Tasks as well as Blank Fun Slips ( so you can write in your own Task ideas to be performed ) . Whenever someone takes a drink from the Fun Cup , they have to perform the Task found written of the Fun Slip within 5-minutes . The Task written on the Fun Slip varies depending on what Version of the game you are playing . The Original Version is a PG-Rated Version that has innocent Tasks to perform , such as “ Dance by yourself for 1 minute ” , “ Pretend you just won the lottery ” , or “ Hang a long strand of toilet paper from the back of your pants for 5 minutes ” . There will be additional Expansion Pack Versions such as the Dirty Cup Version , which will allow the Players to perform Tasks that are all X-Rated , such as `` Give someone a wet willy '' or `` Pretend to make out with no one '' or `` Yell out 5 places where you 've done 'it ' '' .
PATENT PENDING FUN CUP
The Fun Cup was designed to create a fun way to enjoy your shots . Drink from the Fun Cup , open the drawer and find out what task you 'll have to perform ! Fill up your Cup with your favorite beverage , experiment with different shot recipes , or use the Fun Cup to prepare the game with gelatin shots ( the Fun Cup is heat resistant ) . The Fun Cups are also multi-colored so you can keep the same cup for the duration of the party ! ( I want the purple one ! )
Watch the game being played at the Focus Group Party and take a look at some of the Tasks being performed in action :
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
See what people had to say :
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
CONSEQUENCE : THE FUN POOP BUTTON
Do n't Be A Party Pooper !
For all the Party Poopers who do NOT perform the Task found written on the Fun Slip within 5-minutes , they must wear the Fun Poop Button for the rest of the party !
Knock , Knock .
Who 's there ?
I eat mop .
`` I eat mop who ? '' the dancing turd said !
ORIGINAL VERSION GAME CONTENTS
10 - Multi-colored Fun Cups
10 - Fun Poop Buttons
1 - Fun Slip Task Booklet ( complete with Pre-Printed Tasks as well as Blank Fun Slip Tasks so you can write in your own Task ideas to be performed )
1 - Instruction Sheet
Cup of Fun Game Instructions
FOCUS GROUP PARTY
To EVERYONE who participated in the Focus Group Party , the creator wants to give you a big shout out and say `` THANK YOU ! '' This could not be possible without your participation and your feedback . The following are Testimonials from what participants wrote in the Comment section of the Focus Group Survey :
“ The spontaneous atmosphere and not knowing what task you will get is nerve racking and fun at the same time . Potential is unlimited ! ”
“ I totally love the game . I think it is a great idea for people to get together and have a great time . I look forward to seeing it at stores . ”
“ It made me smile and had fun expressing myself . ”
“ The surprise factor…made people laugh . ”
“ It 's fun and a good opportunity to interact with others and socialize . ”
“ It made you talk to people you ordinarily would n't ”
“ It 's a great way to meet new people…it gets people to interact . ”
“ Unexpected acts of silliness popping up all over the room was fun . ”
“ There was no pressure to perform the tasks . ”
“ Love the spontaneity of the game ! Lots of fun ! People joining in on the fun ! GREAT ! ”
* * * For the people who do not drink alcohol and want to play the game , just fill up the Fun Cup with your favorite non alcoholic beverage and join in on the fun !
The Cup of Fun Game is intended for ages 21+ and does not condone underage drinking .
* Disclaimer : Please drink responsibly . You accept full accountability for your actions . No underage drinking . Please do not drink and drive .
Donald Trump just became one of the only presidents in U.S. history who does n't have a pet dog in the White House . Not only that , but he does n't have any pets – not even a cat or a hamster .
Why is that ?
The last president who did n't have a dog in the White House was William Mckinley . If you are n't familiar with his name , that 's probably because he has n't occupied the White House in more than a hundred years . He served as president from 1897 to 1901 . At least Mckinley had a pet rooster and a Mexican parrot named the “ Washington Post . ”
Trump is said to have never owned a dog .
Maybe Trump just does n't like dogs ? Republican voters love dogs , and they have been urging Trump to get one . So far , he has rejected their requests .
“ If you want a friend in Washington , ” President Harry Truman is thought to have said , “ get a dog . ”
President Obama had two Portuguese water dogs named Bo and Sunny .
George W. Bush had Barney , a Scottish terrier , and Spot , a Springer Spaniel . He even had them by his side as he choked on a pretzel in the White House .
Bill Clinton had a labrador retriever named Buddy , and a cat called “ socks . ”
The list goes on and on . Presidents are known for their furry pets . America has a fascination with the First Family and the dog is no exception . Anytime a dog occupies the White House , America is aware . The First Dog even gets fan mail from kids . But , so far , this has n't been the reality in Trump 's White House .
If Trump does n't get an animal at all , he will be the only U.S. president to not have had one for at least part of his presidency .
So , that brings us to our next question , what kind of animal should President Trump get ? Some people say he should own a snake .
Some do n't think Trump should have one at all .
What do you think ? Is the First Family better off without a pet in the White House ? What does this say about Trump and his presidency ?
This post first appeared at Campaign for America 's Future .
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders on Monday went to a pillar of the religious right – Liberty University in Lynchburg , Va. – to make the case that fighting for economic justice is as moral an undertaking as such cornerstone issues for Christian conservatives as opposing abortion .
“ It would , I think , be hard for anyone in this room to make the case that the United States today is a just society or anything close to a just society , ” he said in his speech to a packed convocation at the school founded by the Rev . Jerry Falwell , known for forming the Moral Majority political organization and leading its fervent crusades against gay rights , reproductive choice and other progressive positions on social issues . “ There is no justice when the top one-tenth of 1 percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent . There is no justice when all over this country people are working longer hours for lower wages , while 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent . ”
Nor is there justice , he said , when “ low-income and working-class mothers are forced to be separated from their new babies one or two weeks after giving birth ” because “ the United States is the only major country on earth that does not provide paid family and medical leave , ” or when “ thousands of people in this country die each year because they do n't have health insurance and do n't get to a doctor when they should . ”
“ I am not a theologian or an expert on the Bible or a Catholic , ” he said at one point . “ I am just a US senator from the small state of Vermont . But I agree with Pope Francis when he says , ‘ The current financial crisis… originated in a profound human crisis : the denial of the primacy of the human person ! We have created new idols . The worship of the ancient golden calf has returned in a new and ruthless guise in the idolatry of money and the dictatorship of an impersonal economy lacking a truly human purpose . ' ”
Sanders early in his address quoted the words of Jesus Christ in the gospel of Matthew ( as rendered in the New International Version , a Bible translation popular with conservatives ) : “ So in everything , do to others what you would have them to do to you , for this sums up the Law and the Prophets. ” He closed with a challenge to students seeking to discern how to apply that scripture and other themes of the Gospel to their political engagement : “ I would hope very much that as part of that discussion and part of that learning process , some of you will conclude that , if we are honest in striving to be a moral and just society , it is imperative that we have the courage to stand with the poor , to stand with working people , and when necessary , take on very powerful and wealthy people whose greed , in my view , is doing this country enormous harm . ”
In a question-and-answer session afterward , Liberty University Vice President for Spiritual Development David Nasser sought to show common ground with Sanders on making eradicating the vestiges of racism and racial inequality from the society a top priority . But when Nasser quoted presidential candidate Mike Huckabee in saying that racism “ is a sin problem , not a skin problem , ” Sanders reminded him that it took a Supreme Court , a civil rights movement and “ public policy ” to end segregation and lay the groundwork for improved race relations .
Sanders also challenged people who fight for “ the protection of the unborn ” to join him in the fight against threats to the already-born as a result of budget decisions being made by Republicans in Congress , such as proposals that he said would cause 27 million people to lose access to health care , cut billions of dollars in foods assistance to low-income families and cut funding for college aid for low-income students by $ 90 billion – while giving $ 250 billion in tax relief over the next 10 years to the top 0.2 percent of wealth holders .
“ I do n't think that 's a moral budget , ” he said .
Despite previous rumors , blockchain-based services will not be offered by Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) .
CEO Andy Jassy made the announcement at the annual AWS re : Invent conference held in Las Vegas in late November . Jassy presented his views on Blockchain technology , claiming that there are limited use cases of Blockchain `` beyond the distributed registry '' . He also reiterated the company 's policy of not `` building technology because we think it 's cool . ''
Jassy , ​​there are a number of other solutions to the problems that Blockchain is supposed to solve . He pointed out that the majority of the major distributed books available to date have very limited capabilities .
However , Jassy did not completely shut the door to the possibility of working on a Blockchain-based product in the future . He claimed that they were interested in the ways in which Blockchain could benefit their customers :
`` We are very intrigued by what customers will ultimately do there . ''
AWS Competitors Blockchain Efforts
Unlike AWS , rivals such as Microsoft and International Business Machines ( IBM ) aggressively advance projects related to Blockchain services and ledgers distributed . In recent months , these companies have launched several Blockchain services and pilot projects in collaboration with their customers .
Brief Profile of AWS
AWS is a subsidiary of a major online retailer . Amazon.com . The company offers information technology infrastructure services in the form of web services to its customers . Among the company 's products and solutions are content storage and delivery , cloud computing , databases , analytics , application services and mobile services .
In January 2013 , hundreds of thousands of French Catholics marched down the streets of Paris to protest “ Marriage for All , ” a bill introduced by the government a few months earlier to open marriage and adoption to same-sex couples . That Catholics would object to gay marriage was not particularly surprising , but the arguments and symbols that they put forth were more puzzling . Many of the marches were led by a group of young women dressed as revolutionary Mariannes with Phrygian caps and red-white-and-blue streamers . According to the Cardinal André Vingt-Trois , the bill revealed that civil law no longer “ defended our vision of man , ” one anchored in “ the understanding of human dignity that derives from Greek wisdom , Judeo-Christian revelation , and the Enlightenment. ” One of the leaders of the protests , Tugdual Derville , called for a movement of “ human ecology ” grounded in human dignity and universalism that would resist the “ perversion of human rights ” by an “ egalitarian ideology founded on the fantasy of autonomy , ” as exemplified in the demand for a right to marriage . Others , such as the philosopher Thibaud Collin , urged a return to anthropology , natural law , and a philosophy of the person to combat the démocratisme , the excessive democratic animus , driving the pro-marriage activists .
For a historian of French history , there is undoubtedly a certain irony to see Catholic activists struggling against the proponents of marriage equality to reclaim republicanism , universalism , dignity , and human rights—notions that , after all , many were fighting a century ago . From Pope Pius VI 's condemnation of the 1789 Declaration of the Rights of Man as “ detestable , ” to Pius IX 's unflinching refusal of liberalism in the “ Syllabus of Errors ” in 1864 , it was not until the late nineteenth century that Catholics came to accept liberal values , and in the French case , to “ rally ” themselves to the Republic , following Pope Leo XIII 's call in 1892 . But how did the Church evolve from mere acceptance of human rights to the actual ownership of its discourse and main concepts such as man , dignity , and the Enlightenment ?
Samuel Moyn 's forthcoming book , Christian Human Rights , offers an answer to this question by tracing the genealogy through which Catholicism and Protestantism came to embrace human rights . To be sure , many scholars have emphasized the Christian origins of rights , whether they locate this birth in the Bible , the figure of Jesus , the Reformation , or the Enlightenment . But most of these longue durée histories tend to naturalize the relationship between human rights and Christianity . Thus , they fail to account for Catholicism 's overt hostility towards secularism and liberalism throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries . Moyn 's point is that there is nothing self-evident about the Christian celebration of human rights from a theoretical or historical perspective . Rather , this confluence is the product of a particular context : the 1940s . It was the result of specific political decisions by various Christian intellectuals and activists who decided to adopt human rights in their struggle against capitalism and communism . In their Cold War polarized world , Christianity offered an alternative social and political model , one that would avoid these extremes by providing freedom and coercion , each in the right amount . According to Moyn , these figures were ultimately responsible for engraving human rights at the heart of Western liberal democracy .
Moyn 's call to rethink the chronology of human rights is not an attempt to refute all previous histories of human rights nor a search for a purer or truer origin . In this sense , it seems to me that those critics who have accused Moyn of arguing ( especially in his previous book , The Last Utopia ) that human rights emerged ex nihilo in the postwar period are missing the point . As I see it , Moyn 's work presents a fundamental challenge to two visions of human rights that still dominate much of the public discourse . The first claims that rights emerged because of some natural or innate human feature ( pity , empathy , or compassion , for example ) that would predispose us to care for others . The second contends that human rights are inherently progressive . Whereas The Last Utopia already shook the first triumphalist thesis at its core , Christian Human Rights tackles this second common stance . Human rights were not the project of a secular left committed to liberalism , democracy , and pluralism , but rather , the implementation of a specifically Christian and a specifically conservative understanding of the individual , the social , and the relationship between the two . I would add that from a methodological standpoint , Moyn 's work makes another important contribution : it exemplifies the best kind of intellectual history , one committed to the systematic critique of concepts that have progressively erased their political origins . Alternating careful close readings of philosophical texts and contextual information , Moyn also makes an argument for the importance of theory in history and of history in law , politics , and philosophy—fields that too often treat human rights as abstract , transcendental , or a priori .
Historians have already highlighted the importance of the 1940s for the consolidation of human rights , but according to Moyn , they have focused on the wrong factors . Namely , they have cited the birth of the United Nations and the 1948 Declaration of Human Rights ; the “ post-Holocaust breakthrough ” and the coming-to-terms with plight of the Jewish people ; the “ multicultural spirit ” animating Western Europe after the war ; and the belief that human rights would provide the necessary and definitive break with the fascist horror that Europe had just experienced . By encouraging us to consider “ transwar continuities , ” Moyn makes clear that the kind of human rights that liberal democracies celebrated after the war were in fact theorized during the 1930s by Catholic thinkers . The war , the continuing threat of totalitarianism , and the desire to promote a moral reconstruction of Europe provided the context in which such a discourse could flourish .
Among these Catholic thinkers , Moyn pauses on the life and work of the French philosopher , Jacques Maritain , a figure often associated with personalism . Despite its various historical and geographic versions , personalism was , as its name indicates , a philosophy committed to the defense of the human person . In France , during the interwar years , it was theorized most famously perhaps by Emmanuel Mounier , the founder and editor of the journal Esprit . Mounier and Maritain both conceived of personalism as an alternative to liberalism and socialism . By emphasizing the importance of individual self-realization , personalism softened the homogeneity and constraint of collectivism . By promoting community and social unity , it promised to overcome the anomie , the competitiveness , and the atomism of Anglo-Saxon liberalism and capitalism . Personalism , in other words , never promoted individual rights in the abstract . Rather it anchored them in a particular community . It was these definitions of the person and of rights that eventually made their way to the Vatican ( where Maritain served as ambassador ) —especially after Pope Pius XI explicitly committed the Church to anti-totalitarianism during the 1930s with his encyclicals condemning both Nazism and communism—to finally reach international organizations such as the UNESCO and the UN .
In conclusion , I would like to bring up three broader issues or questions that Moyn 's captivating study left me with . First , I wonder about the relationship between Catholicism and Protestantism ; though eventually the two concur on the celebration of human rights , what are the actual values that they shared or did not share ? How were Protestants , for instance , able to accept the holistic vision of the social that personalism and Catholicism advocated during the 1930s and 1940s ? How did they reconcile their focus on individual faith with the primacy of the community ?
My second point has to do with the difficulty of locating the personalist vision of human rights on a left/right scale . Moyn persuasively reinscribes Mounier 's philosophy within the movement of “ non-conformism , ” of “ neither left nor right , ” to use Zeev Stenhell 's helpful formulation , which was prevalent in France during the interwar years . Yet , by the time this Christian understanding of rights eventually triumphed in the postwar period , Moyn refers to it as fundamentally conservative and on the right . While it seems clear to me that this theory was explicitly anti-liberal ( and anti-communist ) , it is less clear that Christian human rights were committed to a right-wing agenda given the importance they accorded to the social . The fact that dignity first appeared in relation to labor rights and family policy would , for instance , suggest that this movement could have leaned towards the left . Then again , perhaps the key to the success of the Christian human rights movement was the ability to mask its political allegiances by claiming to first and foremost defend neutral and pre-political notions such as humanity . Despite the fact that , as Moyn tells us , Maritain accused those Catholics who had supported the Vichy regime of favoring “ old paternalistic conceptions of history , ” I am still not sure why Maritain would not have welcomed Vichy 's corporatist reformulation of social policy and law , or why he would ultimately embrace the United States .
My final question concerns the articulation of secularism and religion in Moyn 's argument . “ Universalistic and formalistic languages always have a historically specific and ideologically particular meaning , ” Moyn writes . By mapping this Christian genealogy of human rights , Moyn appears to join various scholars of religion , shaped by postcolonial criticism , who argue that modernity and secularism were , in fact , always Christian . For Talal Asad , Saba Mahmood , or Mayanthi Fernando ( among others ) , secularism has functioned as a privileged instrument of governmentality in the modern world . Yet , Moyn claims to be weary of a “ totalizing critique that leaves no room for alternative secularisms—precisely , in [ his ] view , what is most needed today. ” Should we think of the relationship between the universalism of human rights and the particularism of Christianity as historical ( might alternative secularism possibly exist ? ) or as structural ( as the scholars above have argued ) ? At several points in his study , Moyn refers to the “ collapse of European Christianity after the 1960s. ” But if we accept this structuralist understanding of secularism , then perhaps Christianity is still alive and vibrant in Europe , no longer as faith but as law . As the example of gay marriage that I began with suggests , it is , after all , in the domain of the law that the notions of dignity , anthropology , natural law , and the person have come to circulate , not as synonyms but as antonyms of human rights , as tools to actually oppose democracy . Bringing to light these dynamics certainly complicates the self-proclaimed secularism of much of European law—and certainly the idea of a neutral public sphere in the French version of laïcité . In either case , Moyn 's new book provides us with essential material to think through these questions and to engage in this normatively difficult conversation about where secularism begins and religion ends .
Sometimes one more Bon Jovi cover is one Bon Jovi cover too many . Witness Winters Mistress , an ‘ 80s covers band stuck at some dive bar in the middle of Pennsylvania , trudging through yet another set of classics in front of a typically sparse crowd . But the guitar player decides he simply ca n't bare the thought of running through a mediocre cover of ‘ You Give Love a Bad Name ' for what could be for the hundredth time -- so rather than fake it , he takes the most rock ‘ n ' roll way out .
The YouTube clip below -- first discovered by the badass site Badass Digest -- captures it all . As the singer launches into that familiar “ Shot through the heart / and you 're to blame ” intro , the guitarist decides he 's had enough , smashes his instrument with his best ‘ London Calling ' over-the-shoulders swing , tosses it to the side of the stage and ambles off . Simply brilliant !
The quite meager crowd reacts as if it just witnessed Dylan going electric . “ Oh my God ! ” yells one woman after the instrument is tossed . Another indignant woman chimes in with “ You 're a f -- -ing a -- h -- - ! ” as a man sums it up perfectly , yelling “ Rock ‘ n ' roll ! ” The only thing missing is someone calling out `` Judas ! ''
In the ensuing moments , the singer stands stage center , confused . The drummer tosses his sticks in the direction of the departed guitarist , and the bassist walks off , resigned to the fact that the show is over . Have we just watched the final moments of Winters Mistress ?
The band 's Myspace page remains , although it has n't been logged on to since June 30 . Is the guitarist to blame ?
When Techies was first released post-TI4 , like everyone else I quickly got sick of playing against the hero . So I decided to try Techies myself , which turned out to be a mistake — the three goblins quickly won me over , and I eventually earned the terrible title of Techies Picker .
Last patch , Techies were probably the worst they 've ever been , but thankfully they have been reworked as we move on to 7.01 . While the way to play Techies has changed , their core concept has stayed the same . They are a hero designed to wreak havoc in a way that is uniquely frustrating for the enemy team . Played well , they can immobilize the enemy team simply by making them too scared to leave the safety of their defensive structures .
I 've always played Techies as a solo offlane , and this guide will be geared toward playing in that position . Though the best time to play Techies offlane was certainly when they had instant-detonation Land Mines , I think this is the most playable they have been since .
Patch 7.01 Changes
Proximity Mines
Previously , the main utility of Techies was to build big stacks of mines at choke points and get hands-free kills on any hero unlucky enough to wander through without True Sight . In 7.01 , this ability is gone . Proximity Mines ( Q ) can no longer be placed within the area-of-effect of other Proximity Mines , and they 'll also be visible to enemies who are within their blast radius — giving enemy heroes a chance to avoid or kill them before they go off .
Not being able to stack mines is n't actually a nerf , since individual mines do a lot more damage . At max level , each mine does 750 base magical damage , which is nearly equivalent to three 6.88 mines stacked on top of each other . Mines also do full damage in their entire 400 AoE radius , rather than falling off to half damage the way they did previously . The change to magical damage is noteworthy since it makes them better for clearing lane creeps , who have no magic resistance — Level 3 Proximity Mines can now one-shot a creep wave .
Mine placement is also much more important , both because they 're no longer invisible and because enemies must be near them for 1.6 seconds in order for them to detonate . Planting mines right in enemy heroes ' faces is especially discouraged , since there is a 1.75-second setup timer on each mine before the 1.6 detonation delay starts ticking down . That 's a total of 3.35 seconds from placement to the earliest possible detonation , so you 'll have to be a lot more careful about placing mines when people are around .
Everything Else
Not being able to insta-suicide means playing aggressive solo in the enemy jungle is no longer ideal . However , Suicide Squad 's replacement ability , Blast Off ( E ) , is incredibly useful in teamfights , with a 1000 cast range to initiate and an AoE silence that hits enemies for 4/5/6/7 seconds . The new ability also does n't immediately kill you , but damages you for 50 percent of your max HP , which means you can use it aggressively to start a fight or finish off someone in lane .
Stasis Trap ( W ) no longer has a detonation delay when triggered , but rather than stunning enemies it roots them . Rooting is a bit more effective than it used to be , since it now disables escape moves like Burrow Strike or Time Walk , but it 's still not as good as a full stun . Another interesting change is that Stasis Trap 's effect radius ( 600 AoE ) is now larger than its trigger radius ( 400 AoE ) , so an enemy that wanders too close could end up rooting enemies farther away .
Techies ultimate , Remote Mines ( R ) , are close to unchanged , though they have been given a detonation delay of 0.25 seconds , so you 'll have to anticipate your opponent 's movement a bit more when triggering them . The tradeoff is you can now plant them faster , with a cast time of 1 second instead of 1.5 . Unlike Prox Mines , they can still be stacked and they still require True Sight to spot , so you can be a bit more liberal about mining lanes and jungle paths with them .
Items
Techie has always been infamous for low base damage , making it difficult to farm with your auto-attack . In previous patches , an offlane Techies could last hit with bombs relatively easily , but with the new 3.35s vulnerability time of Proximity Mines , this is no longer an option .
A Mantle of Intelligence gives you an extra +3 Int to get your starting damage up , and a Quelling Blade gives you another +7 damage on creeps to a total of 40 damage towards last hits . The Quelling is also important for cutting down trees to reach good places to hide your mines .
You 'll want a Town Portal Scroll to start , so you can get out to your lane ASAP and place as many Proximity Mines as you can before your opponents show up . Techies are incredibly slow and incredibly squishy , so without a few mines to fall back to in the opening minutes of the laning phase , you 'll be food for the enemy carry and supports .
After my starting items , I build Null Talisman so that I can last hit more easily , followed by a Soul Ring and then Arcane Boots . Lots of people prefer Tranquils over Arcanes , but with the new Proximity and Stasis mines I recommend building for as much mana as possible .
In the past , rushing Aghanim 's Scepter for extra Remote Mine damage was common , so you could one-shot creep waves with Remotes and farm quicker . However , now that you can kill creep waves from full HP with Level 3 Proximity Mines , this is no longer a requirement . I recommend going for a Eul 's Scepter after you finish your Arcanes , since you will need all the mana you can get .
From there I generally also get Aether Lens and eventually the Aghanim 's Scepter . Aether Lens damage amplification is naturally good on Techies , and the cast range is a great perk as well . After getting Aghs , Remote Mines have a cast range of 700 ; with Aether Lens and Techies ' +200 range talent at Level 15 , you can boost this to a whopping 1,120 .
Late game , Staff of Vyse is a great pickup , as it helps you teamfight better , and Octarine Core will give you essential mana and cooldown reduction . The less time your spells are on cooldown , the more you can be placing mines , and the more damage you can pump out around the map .
Skill Build
By level 7 , you want to max Proximity Mines , with two points in Blast Off and one in your ult . This will give you the damage you need to farm with mines and a lot of teamfight utility and gank potential with Blast Off and Remote Mines .
There 's an argument to be made for skilling Stasis Trap at level 7 rather than maxing Proximity Mines . Level 3 Proximity Mines deal 575 magical damage , and because lane creeps have no magical resistance , this is enough to one-shot the wave . That means a fourth level is n't necessarily needed , but I find that Stasis will rarely be useful if you 're solo laning , as you should be .
After level 7 , finish maxing out Blast Off , and finish Stasis last .
Talents
Techies ' new talent tree gives them several farm-focused options like extra XP and gold gain , but if you 're using your mines to clear creep waves effectively you do n't really need these to scale . I much prefer the utility options like extra cast range and reduced respawn time , which make you more effective in engagements , particularly if you 're defending high-ground .
Level 10 : While Techies is a very slow hero and does benefit from +20 movespeed , it 's useful only in certain situations like trying to escape a gank or chasing someone down with Blast Off . You will always be suffering from lack of mana , so I usually choose +2 mana regen .
Level 15 : Both +25 percent XP gain and +200 cast range are very good , but by level 15 you 're nearly to level 3 Remote Mines anyway , and I think the XP gain comes too late to be useful . The +200 cast range is incredibly useful for teamfights , allowing you to place mines ( especially Remotes ) without being directly in danger . It also boosts your Blast Off to 1,200 range , which helps with chasing down stragglers .
Level 20 : At this point in the game , one-shotting creep waves with mines should n't be a challenge , which means another 120 gold per minute is n't a huge deal . However , if you die at this point in the game without the high-ground being mined defensively — especially since you ca n't halve your respawn time by suiciding anymore — your game is over . Take -60s respawn every time .
Level 25 : Taking +400 Blast Off damage gives you 800 magic damage in total , but by this point you 're likely doing more damage than that with Remote Mines . The 25 percent cooldown reduction means you can be setting up more mines and traps , which is almost always more useful .
Strategy
The Laning Phase
Old school Techies players will be used to leaving their lane around Level 6 or 7 to start mining around the map . Now , your top priority is to keep control of your lane . New Techies plays a bit like Broodmother , in that you set up in a lane and stay there farming and making your opponent anxious until the enemy Tier 1 tower goes down . The exception is if the enemy team is pushing your towers too hard , in which case it 's better to abandon your lane and start mining up your structures defensively .
Mining your lane is all-important , since you 'll be using mines simultaneously to clear creeps and weaken enemy heroes so that you can finish them with a rotation gank or a Blast Off . However , mining effectively is also much more difficult than in 6.88 , since you have to hide your Proximity Mines out of enemy sight .
The most important thing to remember when picking your mine placements is that all enemies can see them if they 're within the 400 AoE blast radius . If enemy creeps see a mine in the middle of their path when none of your creeps are around , they will quickly dispatch it , so you will mostly be placing mines in trees and attempting to pull creep waves into their range .
You may notice that there are no Prox Mines on the right side of the Radiant offlane . Due to the path that creeps take and the visibility range , there are no good places to place Proximity Mines on the right side of the lane ( at least without going fairly far north toward the enemy tower ) . For this reason , I believe Techies is more difficult to offlane on Radiant than on Dire .
Playing Dire , on the other hand , has some great places to put mines . This also creates a greater danger zone for enemy heroes , as neither side of the lane is safe .
Place a high priority on replacing your mines as they detonate . Your opponent may figure out some of your spots eventually , so this will require some sneaking through the jungle or Side Shop to make sure they ca n't interrupt you while you 're setting up .
Because mines ca n't be stacked , you likely wo n't be able to one-shot your laning opponent with one big blaze of glory . Your goal should instead be to get them low and then finish them off with Blast Off . If you succeed in this a few times , they will get nervous about coming near enough for you to Blast into them , which will give you command of the lane .
The Mid and Late Game
Techies may no longer be a solo-killing machine , but you still have a lot of ways to make your opponents ' lives miserable .
Max-level Proximity Mines do 562.5 damage to enemy heroes , assuming standard 25 percent magic resistance . While you 're likely not killing anyone with that , taking 560 HP off your opponent makes it harder for them to make an impact in the next big engagement . Therefore it 's a good idea to drop mines in trees everywhere you can in the enemy jungle , to catch anyone trying to farm camps or rotate through .
Since neutral creeps wo n't attack Proximity Mines even if they can see them , you can use them to one-shot creep camps . Camps only respawn every odd minute now , so this will wreak economic havoc on an enemy carry who wants to secure jungle farm .
Since Stasis Traps no longer expire , I also recommend dropping some traps while you 're near any place on the map that has a high potential for a teamfight occurring . One stasis bomb in the right spot can completely swing a teamfight , even if you 're not there , and that is truly what Techies are all about .
Remote Mines have always been the bread and butter of any good techies player , but with the changes to Proximity Mines their placement is even more important . Where before you could use Proximity Mines to make chokes dangerous , you now have to rely solely on Remotes , so paying attention to the minimap is far more crucial than ever before .
There is no one “ great ” place to plant Remote Mines , but you should always keep a few things in mind . What do you think your opponents will be doing , and where will they have to walk to accomplish it ? Setting up traps takes time , so you will need to predict enemy movements around 90 seconds before they decide to make them . What will their carry be doing ? What lane will they push next , and when ? These are the important questions to ask yourself .
As far as figuring out how many mines are needed to secure a kill , I always have a calculator app open . You may think I 'm joking , but it 's actually the best way to figure out how many bombs exactly it takes to kill their farmed Anti-Mage who has well over 25 percent magic resistance . You never want to have one bomb less than you need to wipe out an opponent .
Good luck , fellow Techies Pickers . Let 's blow something up .
Corey `` CartDota '' Hospes is a freelance writer , Dota 2 addict , lover of numbers and Techies Picker.​ You can follow him on Twitter .
Now it 's Donald Trump who is avoiding holding a press conference .
The GOP presidential nominee for months mocked Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton for failing to face the press , but Mr. Trump has now gone close to three months without a formal news conference himself .
His wife , Melania , is also overdue to hold a press conference to clear up questions about her immigration history — something Mr. Trump promised in early August .
While he still has a way to go before he matches Mrs. Clinton 's record of nine months without a press conference , Mr. Trump has opened himself up to the same kinds of attacks he used to level at her .
It 's also a major break from the primary season , when Mr. Trump was banging out news conferences on a regular basis .
David Yepsen , director of the Paul Simon Public Policy Institute at Southern Illinois University Carbondale , said the hard truth is politicians do news conference when they are convinced the reward outweighs the risk .
SEE ALSO : Evangelical Republican leaders see no other option than to stick with Donald Trump
“ Trump , like Hillary Clinton earlier , has no doubt concluded he has nothing to gain and perhaps something to lose by opening himself up to reporter Q and A , ” Mr. Yepsen , who covered nine presidential races for the Des Moines Register , said . “ He 's better off punching a message through on Fox and with friendly people there . He sets the agenda . ”
Mrs. Clinton broke her 277 day media blackout in early September , bringing an end to the “ hiding Hillary ” email blasts from the Trump camp , as well as the daily reminders from the Republican National Committee , which kept a running tally online .
“ Clearly one candidate is afraid of answering questions , ” the RNC said at the time .
The Trump campaign on Wednesday did not respond to an email seeking comment on why he has not held a formal press conference since July 27 and why he has not followed through on his pledge to hold a press conference address his the immigration status of his Slovenia-born wife , Melania .
Reports this summer raised questions about whether she was authorized to work when she first arrived in the U.S. in the mid-1990s and did a modeling photo shoot . A Trump family lawyer also sparked questions about how she earned a green card signifying permanent legal status in the early part of the last decade .
Mr. Trump ridiculed the press for reporting on those questions , and promised his wife would clear things up .
“ So she is going to have a little news conference over the next couple of weeks , ” he said at a rally in early August in North Carolina .
“ I said to her , ‘ No , no , let it simmer for a little while , let them go wild , let it simmer , and then let 's have a little news conference , ' ” Mr. Trump said .
Mrs. Trump has all but disappeared from public view in the weeks since .
Instead , a Trump family lawyer released a statement saying he 'd reviewed Mrs. Trump 's immigration file and concluded it was all in order . She had been authorized to work when she did her first modeling shoots in the U.S. , and earned her green card because of her success as a fashion model .
As for himself , Mr. Trump has several times in recent weeks left reporters with the impression a press conference was coming — only to derail it .
Most recently , hours ahead of Sunday 's debate he called the press to talk about the fallout from lewd remarks Mr. Trump made in 2005 recording . But instead of taking questions he had reporters hear from several women who accused former President Clinton of rape or sexual assault .
He also avoided questions at an event at his new hotel in Washington last month after retreating from his “ birther ” campaign against President Obama .
Instead , Mr. Trump has generally confined his questions from the press to Fox News hosts Sean Hannity and Bill O'Reilly .
Even other Fox newscasters were miffed : Megyn Kelly last week criticized Mr. Trump for only appearing on select Fox programs . Mr. Hannity fired back , accusing Ms. Kelly of supporting Mrs. Clinton in the election .
While he 's avoided taking their questions , Mr. Trump continues to use the press in his campaign , making attacks on them a staple of his rallies .
“ The media is simply an extension of Hillary Clinton 's campaign , ” Mr. Trump said at a rally in Florida Tuesday . “ It 's one of the biggest ways our system is rigged . ”
• Stephen Dinan contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
So this was inevitable : the Samsung Galaxy S8 rumor mill is in full swing , and one of the reports suggests that Samsung will be removing the headphone jack from the next generation of its flagship phone , just as Apple did with the iPhone 7 . ( The rumors also suggest the company will go with an “ all-screen ” bezel-less design that hides the home button , which sounds neat and also almost exactly like the rumors about the next iPhone design . Samsung , you know ? )
Anyway , the conventional wisdom is that since Apple already took the hit and removed the headphone jack , Samsung is free to do the same without suffering a similar public relations firestorm . Which is good , because the fires of the Note 7 are still burning . Here 's John Gruber :
Samsung wo n't face anywhere near the amount of criticism Apple did , because Apple went first and took most of the arrows . Which , yes , took courage .
And there 's now sales data out there showing that the iPhone 7 is selling just fine , and that the lack of a headphone jack is n't an issue for prospective buyers . So : issue resolved , right ? Apple had the courage to make the move , Samsung follows , and we 're into the bold new world of digital audio .
I do n't think so — and I do n't think it 's that simple .
Bluetooth problems I have had Every one of these things has happened to me repeatedly in the past six weeks : I receive a phone call and it automatically plays through a Bluetooth speaker in another room which I thought was disconnected My wife can not pair to a Bluetooth speaker until she restarts her iPhone My wife is using a Bluetooth speaker with her phone and my phone takes it over with a phone call Multiple Bluetooth devices fight to be connected at once , and I have to unpair one to get the one I want to work Hitting “ connect ” on the Bluetooth screen does n't establish a connection , so I have to forget the device and re-pair it Forgetting a Bluetooth device and re-pairing it every time I use it because I know it 's just faster
When I first wrote that removing the headphone jack was user-hostile and stupid , I listed several reasons : digital audio is more restrictive , wireless solutions are all pretty meh , dongles are irritating , changing established standards impacts accessibility , and fragmenting audio standards across platforms is ridiculous .
It 's been a few months of living with the iPhone 7 , and every one of those things is still true . And when Samsung removes the headphone jack , it 'll be even worse for its users , because the Android / Samsung accessory ecosystem is n't nearly as strong as the iPhone accessory ecosystem .
Basically : not having a headphone jack might not be enough to deter sales of a phone , but it 's still really annoying and requires users to spend additional money to reclaim very basic functionality from their devices . And most of that money flows back to the device vendor , effectively increasing the price of the phone . We 've taken something simple and universal , and turned it into something complex and proprietary , for no obvious benefits . It 's a bad trade-off . It 's ... user-hostile and stupid . There 's just no getting around it .
( On the flip side , the industry-wide move to USB-C high-speed interconnects on laptops is a huge push toward a simple , universal standard . It 's annoying now , but the benefits over time are obvious . )
Here 's my list of issues from June , slightly updated :
Digital audio means DRM audio and wireless headphones and speakers are fine , not great :
Apple has been way out front saying that DRM concerns are a “ conspiracy theory , ” but problems with DRM are n't about good or bad intentions . Instead , they 're about requiring permission for unexpected uses , which limits your freedom around content you have rights to use and makes innovation harder unless someone pays a tax .
And the contours of that tax are now clear . If you want to plug standard audio devices into a phone without a headphone jack , you need to buy an adapter . If you want to get the best experience with a set of wired headphones , you need to buy new Lightning or USB-C headphones , which then wo n't work with the vast majority of other devices . If you want a wireless experience , you have to use Bluetooth , which sucks in almost infinite ways . If you want the best Apple wireless experience , you have to buy Apple or Beats headphones with a W1 chip , which means you have exactly zero choices that are n't made by Apple .
It 's simpler in a table , so here are some tables :
Of the four ways to connect an audio device to an iPhone , Apple collects a tax on three of them . For USB-C , you 'll end up paying a more diffuse usability tax and gain very little tangible benefit in return : Samsung 's phones were already thin ( maybe too thin ) and waterproof .
And if the goal is to push everyone to wireless audio in general , well , maybe that dream is n't worth it until Bluetooth is actually better . Bluetooth 5 was just finalized yesterday , so it 's not shipping in anything , let alone phones , for months to come . Apple has delayed AirPods indefinitely , and other wireless headphones are n't quite there yet either . You can be bold about pushing people into the future , but taking away something that works reliably in favor of a bunch of broken things is n't bold at all . It 's just dumb .
We 're taking away something simple and universal and replacing it with something complex and proprietary
Dongles are stupid , especially when they require other dongles : This photo of Recode editor Dan Frommer living his best # donglelife trying to charge his iPhone 7 from his MacBook while listening to a call is so silly it ended up on Reddit and got written up at BGR .
It 's just as ridiculous with a USB-C-only Android phone . And Android phones typically get worse battery life at similar battery sizes , so the charge / listen problem in particular will be exacerbated .
Ditching a deeply established standard will disproportionately impact accessibility and Making Android and iPhone headphones incompatible is arrogant and stupid : These two also go hand in hand : what kinds of audio devices should schools buy if they support iOS and Android devices ? How many dongles of each kind should they stock ? If you make devices for the hard of hearing , do you increase your development costs to make and support both USB-C and Lightning devices ? Who do you leave behind ?
All I 'm saying is that the costs of removing the headphone jack are extremely clear . It 's clear who 's paying these costs ( us ) , and it 's clear who 's collecting the payment ( them ) . It 's not at all clear what we 're getting in return .
I laid out all these problems before Apple announced the removal of the headphone jack from the iPhone 7 , and I do n't think the company has provided good enough answers for any of them . It certainly has n't provided a crystal clear statement of the value delivered in exchange for the headphone jack going away . I suspect Samsung 's lack of answers will be just as deafening .
It 's a good time to start a dongle company , though .
In the three decades he 's been running his family 's 188-year-old brewery , Dick Yuengling has never heard such vitriolic feedback as he did after news broke last October that he was backing Donald Trump for president .
“ The calls and the emails , some of it was just vulgar , ” Yuengling said on Thursday , speaking about the incident for the first time since the election . “ Some people shook my hand , sent letters of support . But there were a lot of messages calling us names . I felt bad for the staff who had to go through all of it . ”
He could n't recall anything else he 'd said or done during his tenure that had provoked near as overwhelming of a response .
“ I did n't expect it would be such a big story , ” Yuengling said . “ The boy just wanted a tour , so I said sure . But then it got picked up by the media . They really eviscerated us in Philly . ”
The original report in the Reading Eagle detailed Eric Trump 's tour of the Pottsville , Pa. brewery , during which the billionaire beer CEO told him , “ Our guys are behind your father . We need him in there. ” It was picked up by media outlets across the country — the presidential campaign was in full swing with the election less than two weeks away — and sparked a surge of social media posts from drinkers swearing to boycott the beer brand .
As calls for a boycott spread , and were formally endorsed by Pa. Rep. Brian Sims , a Democrat from Philadelphia , the New York Times wondered “ Will a Yuengling Executive 's Endorsement of Trump Hurt Beer Sales ? ”
And yet , the controversy did not affect sales , the patriarch of America 's oldest brewery said : “ Nothing noticeable . ”
Overall , Yuengling sales growth was “ down a little , ” Yuengling confirmed during the Brewers of Pennsylvania 's annual “ Meeting of the Malts ” panel in Bethlehem . The sales slowdown follows the industry trend , per stats recently released by the Brewers Association . This is not surprising : With more than 5,000 US breweries in operation and more than 7,000 breweries permits issued , beer shelves are more crowded than ever . And though craft still only makes up around 12 percent of all beer sold in the US , foreign-owned conglomerates like Anheuser Busch In-Bev and MillerCoors are snapping up regional craft breweries , the better to ratchet up their market dominance .
But Dick Yuengling is not worried .
“ Look , ” he said , “ we survived Prohibition . We survived two world wars , when you could n't get any grain . We 'll be fine . ”
Focusing on the business is what he prefers to do , he said .
“ Ask me about packaging , I 'm a packaging guy , ” Yuengling said as he agreed to do a taping for a local beer TV show .
“ No politics , ok ? ”
This vegan pulled pork wrap with avocado makes such a delicious and comforting vegan dinner ! It 's a real crowd-pleaser and I 'm sure you 'll love it as well !
Okay , jackfruit seriously is the coolest fruit ever . I mean how crazy is it that you can use a fruit to make vegan pulled pork ? ! I know we vegans always get a bit crazy with our food , but this is just kinda insane , right ? ! Haha ! But believe me , it 's soooo extremely delicious and the texture is just out of this world . Last weekend , Flo and I made this vegan pulled pork wrap with avocado and we just gobbled it down . So easy and delicious ! !
What is jackfruit ? And how can you use it for vegan recipes ?
For those of you who have never heard of jackfruit before : it 's the largest tree-borne fruit in the world and it 's commonly found in South and South East Asia .
The funniest thing is that I was n't even a fan of pulled pork before I became vegan , but I sure LOVE this jackfruit pulled pork . I 'm not 100 percent sure , but I think I just had pulled pork once when we visited friends in Canada and spent Thanksgiving with them . I ca n't really remember its exact taste , but Flo said these vegan pulled pork wraps tasted almost exactly like the real thing . We topped them off with some corn , avocado , tomatoes , lettuce , and a little splash of soy yogurt sauce with parsley .
How To Make This Vegan Pulled Pork Wrap :
To get the sauce right , it 's important that you use unsweetened soy yogurt . If you ca n't get a hold of unsweetened plant-based yogurt , you could also sub the yogurt sauce with cashew sour cream . We tried that as well and it 's just as delicious . I used it for my vegan tacos with lentil walnut meat , so if you 're interested go check out that recipe and you 'll find the recipe for the cashew sour cream in the recipe section at the end of the post .
I do n't know who first thought of using jackfruit to make vegan pulled pork , but to the person who first had that idea : “ Thanks so much ! You 're a real genius ! ! ” I 've first tried it last summer and shared this recipe for vegan jackfruit pulled pork sandwiches with ranch sauce with you guys . I just could n't believe how easy and yummy it was back then . I had a lot of people who told me in the comment section or on Facebook that they tried my recipe and felt exactly the same way , so I decided to post another jackfruit pulled pork recipe for you .
Cooking is so relaxing…
It 's actually a bit embarrassing , but I got inspired to make this vegan pulled pork wrap by McDonald 's . Haha ! This does n't happen too often , right ? In April , we spent a couple of days in Amsterdam and there were signs for this McDonald 's pulled pork wrap eeeeeverywhere all over the city ! So as soon as I saw that , I just knew that I had to make a VEGAN pulled pork wrap . ; - )
Plus , I really needed a break from writing my master 's thesis and desperately longed for some creative kitchen time . When I first moved in with Flo almost six years ago I seriously hated cooking and it could n't understand how people felt that cooking was relaxing . But now that 's exactly what it is for me : pure relaxation ! ! And the best thing is that you got all that delicious food after you 're done cooking !
How to make vegan pulled pork or jackfruit pulled pork :
Making vegan pulled pork ( aka jackfruit pulled pork or pulled jackfruit , however you wan na call it ) could n't be easier . The important thing is that you buy YOUNG jackfruit in brine or water , not in syrup . It does n't work with any other kind . I usually get it at our local Asian supermarket and it 's really cheap , but if you do n't have an Asian grocery market where you live , you could also order it online .
So once you got a hold of young jackfruit , you 're good to go . First rinse the jackfruit and cut off the core . Then put them into a medium-sized mixing bowl and stir in the spices ( I used cumin , paprika powder , red pepper flakes , and of course salt and pepper ) . The jackfruit pieces should all be nicely covered . I also added some liquid smoke , which gives it a really great hearty and smoky taste . It 's optional , but I really recommend using it . I bought mine on amazon like a year or two ago and you really do n't need a lot of it , so it has a long shelf life . To give it its typical hearty BBQ taste , I also stirred in a pretty good amount of BBQ sauce . If you 're fully vegan , make sure the brand you use is totally plant-based .
While the vegan pulled pork is cooking ( this will take about 15-20 minutes ) , you got enough time to prepare the vegan yogurt sauce ( or cashew sour cream ) , the tomatoes , the avocado , the lettuce , the corn , and the red onions . So all in all making this vegan pulled pork wrap wo n't take much longer than half an hour .
Have a great and sunny week everyone ! ! xx
There is no difference in meaning between flammable and inflammable . Both describe things that are capable of burning or easy to ignite , but in all modern varieties of English , flammable is preferred .
Inflammable , derived from the verb inflame , is the original word . But because the first syllable is easily misinterpreted as the common negative prefix in- ( as in , for example , inescapable , invulnerable , inorganic ) , the word has always caused confusion . Because this confusion can have dangerous real-world consequences , the shift from inflammable to flammable is welcome .
Advertisement
The less confusing flammable did not enter common use until the early 20th century , but it quickly became the prevalent spelling . Inflammable is still common on product labels and appears from time to time in edited publications , but it fell out of favor around 1970 .
This ngram graphs the use of flammable and inflammable in English-language books published from 1800 to 2000 .
As if his financial issues could n't get any worse , the CEO of Global Gaming Factory suffered yet another humiliating setback yesterday . After a tax debt of more of $ 110,000 went unpaid , enforcement officers swooped last night , repossessing Hans Pandeya 's car and a motorcycle .
The proposed sale of The Pirate Bay is looking less like a business deal and increasingly like some kind of soap opera – and an unbelievable one at that .
Despite Global Gaming Factory 's investors getting cold feet and aborting their financial support for the purchase of the world 's largest tracker , on Thursday the company 's shareholders ( well , at least the four who attended the meeting ) all agreed that the purchase could go ahead .
Less optimistically , Peerialism , GGF 's technology partner , said there would be no business between the companies .
Where the money will come from in the end is anyone 's guess , but CEO Hans Pandeya says he will cover the purchase with his own shares , but right now , it appears he does n't even have cash to cover his business or personal debts .
Recently , former GGF board member Johan Sellström said that Pandeya owed him in excess of 6 million kronor ( $ 840,000 ) and said he was suing to get the money back .
Now , according to a new report , last night Pandeya suffered a serious humiliation , one that he 'll find difficult to put down to the “ smear campaign ” he said had been orchestrated against him recently .
Having failed to pay a debt of some 780,000 kronor ( $ 110,400 ) owed to the Swedish tax authorities , yesterday enforcement officers ran out of patience and swooped to seize his assets .
Last night a tow truck took away Pandeya 's car and , as you can see from the screenshot from the Aftonbladet site , what appears to be a pretty nice motorcycle .
We have n't got a comment from Hans Pandeya , but if we did he would probably say , “ Everything is fine and the purchase of Pirate Bay is going ahead as planned . ”
Lisa Nandy has accused the Government of “ short-changing ” taxpayers after a report revealed the £17,000 cost for each home taking part in the Green Deal .
The £240m scheme has not delivered value for money or cut carbon emissions , said the report from the National Audit Office , an independent watchdog . The Government originally planned for the deal to focus on homes where there was the greatest difficulty in cutting energy use – but changed this strategy following a lack of demand .
The Green Deal was designed to offer loans to households to carry out energy-efficient upgrades . These would be paid back through a charge on those homes ' energy bills . Putting the cost onto individual households contributed to the failure of the scheme as the Government failed to convince people that it was worth paying for the changes .
With only 14,000 homes using the scheme , the Green Deal Finance Company – the firm set up by Government to undertake the project – has failed to deliver sufficient revenue .
The Green Deal came to a halt after the Government ruled out any future loans to the finance company in mid-2015 . One of these loans – a £25m stakeholder loan , with £6m interest – is not expected to be recovered , the NAO said .
Labour 's Shadow Energy Secretary Lisa Nandy said the Conservatives failed the national interest with such a badly-designed scheme .
“ This damning report shows it is n't just the energy companies who are short-changing their customers , it 's the Tories too .
“ Investment in energy saving should be a national priority but these schemes are so badly designed they are ripping people off and failing to target those families who need help the most . ”
AL-MUKALLA , Yemen — The United Arab Emirates has sent a military brigade to aid fighters battling Houthi rebels in Yemen , senior Yemeni and United States military officials said Monday , in a move that threatened to escalate a regional struggle between Iran and the monarchies of the Persian Gulf .
The Emirati troops landed in the southern port city of Aden in recent days , bringing with them tanks and other armored vehicles , the officials said . They quickly had an effect , participating in a rout of Houthi fighters on Monday from one of Yemen 's largest and most strategically important air bases , according to a senior Yemeni military commander .
A coalition of Sunni Arab states , led by Saudi Arabia and including the United Arab Emirates , has been waging a bombing campaign against the Houthis since late March — largely driven by the view that the Houthis , a Shiite-led movement from northern Yemen , is fighting on behalf of Iran , Saudi Arabia 's regional rival .
The Houthis acknowledge their alliance with Iran but deny that they are acting as its proxy . The Obama administration has said that the Saudis are exaggerating the ties between Tehran and the Houthi rebels , who control Sana , the capital , and other parts of Yemen . The criticism has not deterred the Saudis from carrying out thousands of airstrikes and imposing an air and maritime blockade around Yemen as part of an aggressive offensive that aid workers say has helped fuel a humanitarian crisis .
Be a Buddha , not a Buddhist is an important concept to me because the real value , as I see it , in Buddhism is not the ism but the practice itself . I 've realized recently that I 'd like to take my understanding of Buddhism into deeper territory . One of the best ways to do this is to revisit everything I 've learned in the past , to start my practice from scratch , or with the beginner 's mind , so to speak .
I 'd like to invite you to practice along with me , to explore the teachings of the Buddha , not through long readings of the suttas , though that is certainly good to do on your own , but through some good ol ' meditation time , and rolling what we learn into daily practice , the living experience .
Each week I 'll post a Weekly Practice that focuses on a concept from Buddha 's teachings : The Three Marks of Existence ; The Four Noble Truths ; The Eightfold Path . Often concepts will overlap , and you 'll find as weeks go by that the practice is cumulative , meaning we do n't leave behind the previous weeks , but instead build on what we discover .
Each Weekly Practice will have the following format :
Introduction from me
What the Buddha taught : This may be in the form of a quote , a passage from a sutta , or paragraph from a book
Sitting Mediation and a Moving Meditation : Do one or the other , or both
Daily Practice : Suggestions for taking what you discover in meditation into your daily living experiences
We 'll benefit and learn the most if we set aside time each day for the meditation part , and make a concerted effort , Right Effort , each day to practice as opportunity arises . From my past experiences , opportunities for practice present themselves often in daily life . Overtime , you 'll find life IS practice .
At the end of every Weekly Practice there is a Comment area . As we are a virtual sangha ( community ) , please do n't hesitate to post questions , concerns , and opinions . Additionally , feel free to share insights you discover in your own practice , and share advice or suggestions you feel would be helpful to others .
So , no matter what your experience level , whether you are new to Buddhism , or have been practicing for decades , I hope you 'll join us in these Weekly Practices to Be a Buddha , Not a Buddhist .
Note : I 'm not implying you should or can not call yourself a Buddhist ; - ) Additionally , I am not an expert in Buddhism . This is simply an invitation to practice with me , and all others in our sangha who participate , in the manner I am exploring Buddha 's teachings .
Without further delay :
Category : Weekly Practice
SHARE
Authorities in Guatemala have seized an extensive weapons cache and remotely operated explosives belonging to the country 's “ mara ” street gangs , in an indication these groups are growing in sophistication — a trend also seen in El Salvador and Honduras .
According to Guatemala 's Interior Ministry , two alleged members of the Barrio 18 gang were arrested on August 27 in the municipality of Santa Catarina Pinula — just outside Guatemala City — with two home-made explosive devices . In addition to the explosives , the alleged gang members were carrying two cellphones authorities believe may have been rigged to detonate the devices , as well as a document explaining manufacturing and operational procedures for the explosives .
Authorities found two additional mobile phones on the alleged gang members containing videos and images showing the recent murder of two women , reported the Interior Ministry .
In another operation on August 26 in the nearby municipality of Villa Nueva , authorities captured five alleged members of the Mara Salvatrucha ( MS13 ) gang and seized a large arms cache including explosives and high caliber weapons , reported Guatemala 's National Police ( PNC ) . The arsenal , discovered in a home used as a hideout , included five AK-47 assault rifles , a submachine gun , six fragmentation grenades , three bulletproof vests — one of which bore the PNC logo — and clothing resembling police uniforms . A cadaver was also discovered on the premises .
A police official told Prensa Libre the gang had been amassing the arsenal in preparation for an offensive against their Barrio 18 rivals .
InSight Crime Analysis
Both the seizure of military grade weaponry and the leap to remote-controlled explosive devices are troubling indications of the growing sophistication of Guatemala 's Barrio 18 and MS13 gangs , which authorities warned last year were becoming more hierarchical and better organized .
A similar shift appears to be occurring in neighboring El Salvador and Honduras .
In El Salvador , a 2013 report warned of the MS13 's access to sophisticated weaponry and deepening ties to transnational drug trafficking organizations including Mexico 's Zetas . According to another more recent news report that cited anonymous officials , the group has also conducted military training sessions for some of its members .
SEE ALSO : MS13 Profile
Meanwhile , the Barrio 18 gang ambushed a Salvadoran police patrol in April , leading authorities there to warn that the group was expanding its territory and drug trafficking operations and had acquired military grade weapons .
In Honduras , the Barrio 18 has also reportedly begun to professionalize its operations , and now counts lawyers , architects , and engineers among its members , as well as a medical team .
The 25th Annual SummerSlam returns to Los Angeles ' STAPLES Center on Aug. 19 , and tickets for WWE 's summer classic are on sale NOW . The event will mark the fourth consecutive year that the STAPLES Center hosts SummerSlam .
Also on sale right now are tickets for WWE 's No Way Out pay-per-view , which will be held June 17 at the Izod Center at the Meadowlands , in East Rutherford , N.J. , in the shadows of MetLife Stadium – home to WrestleMania XXIX .
Tickets for both events are available for purchase at ticketmaster.com and at all Ticketmaster outlets , or charge by toll-free phone , at ( 800 ) 745-3000 .
Among WWE 's original premier events , the very first SummerSlam was held in 1988 , kicking off a long tradition of scorching-hot in-ring action . What can the WWE Universe expect this year , as it ushers in the 25th installment of this summertime tradition ? Who will be carrying the WWE Championship and World Heavyweight Championship gold come Aug. 19 ? And what will the event have in store for John Cena , following his `` Once in a Lifetime '' match against The Rock at WrestleMania XXVIII ?
WASHINGTON — House Republicans and Democrats joined together Tuesday to overwhelmingly approve legislation that aims to punish North Korea for conducting its latest nuclear test .
Just hours ahead of President Barack Obama 's final State of the Union address , lawmakers passed the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act by a vote of 418-2 . The bill proposes stronger sanctions that deny Pyongyang the money it needs for developing miniaturized nuclear warheads and the long-range missiles to deliver them , according to the legislation 's backers .
Cutting off North Korea 's access to cash also makes it difficult for Pyongyang to pay its army and police forces , said Rep. Ed Royce , R-Calif. , chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee .
“ What we are concerned about here is the miniaturization of nuclear warheads that fit onto its most reliable missiles , ” Royce said Monday on the House floor . “ This threat is unacceptable , and it has to be aggressively challenged . ”
The White House does not oppose the House sanctions bill , said a senior administration official who was not authorized to speak publicly about the legislation and requested anonymity . The administration is deeply concerned about North Korea 's recent actions , the official said , and will continue to use existing sanctions authorities to prevent financial support for North Korea 's nuclear and missile programs .
Republicans who have criticized Obama 's foreign policy as feckless used the timing of the vote to demonstrate that they are taking swift action to deal with threats to the U.S. while the president procrastinates .
“ When America does n't stand up to dictators , problems around the world only get worse , ” said House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , R-Calif. “ Foreign aggressors take American inaction as a sign of weakness , and the result is only more instability and insecurity abroad . ”
The bill would use financial and economic pressure to isolate North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and his top officials from the assets that they maintain in foreign banks and from the money that sustains their rule , Royce said . These assets are derived primarily from illicit activities , he said , such as selling their missile technology , counterfeiting U.S. currency , and drug smuggling . “ And all of that is used to advance North Korea 's nuclear program , ” Royce said .
A similar strategy was used very effectively a decade ago by the Treasury Department , Royce said .
A central part of the House legislation is to make so-called “ blocking sanctions ” mandatory rather than discretionary as currently permitted through existing regulations .
The sanctions are mandated against any country , business or individual that materially contributes to North Korea 's nuclear and ballistic missile development , imports luxury goods into North Korea , or engages with Pyongyang in money laundering , the manufacture of counterfeit goods , or narcotics trafficking , according to the legislation .
Royce 's committee unanimously approved the sanctions bill in February 2015 and it remained there until last week when North Korea announced it had conducted a fourth nuclear test — this one detonating a thermonuclear device with massive destructive power .
The announcement was met with doubt North Korea had set off a hydrogen bomb , which would mark a major technological advance for Pyongyang 's limited nuclear arsenal . But it could take weeks or even longer to confirm or refute the claim .
Members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee received a classified briefing on North Korea on Monday evening . Committee chairman Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tenn. , said the work of determining what type of bomb was detonated is ongoing . “ It 's too early to tell , ” Corker said Tuesday .
Senate bills to sanction North Korea for previous actions , including the alleged cyberattack on Sony Pictures Entertainment , have not moved as quickly . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said Tuesday that sanctions legislation sponsored by Sen. Cory Gardner , R-Colo. , would be considered by the Foreign Relations Committee “ very soon . ”
Viktor Fasth broke into the league in 2012 at the tender of age of 30 . While the sliding scale does vary a little for goalies and their careers , 30 years young is still probably considered a late bloomer in the NHL . In fact , in the history of the NHL only 3.54 % of goalies have made their rookie debut at the age of 30 or older . However , it would appear nobody let Fasth in on that little tidbit of information . Storming out of the gates in the lockout shortened season of 2012-2013 , Fasth went 8-0-0 with the Anaheim Ducks ( the best regular season start since Ray Emery in 2002 ) . Since then , Fasth has maintained a high level of play , been traded to the Edmonton Oilers , and commissioned a new mask from Dave Gunnarsson of DaveArt . It 's a freaky design with ties to his past mask , loaded with detail and impressive features .
Transformed into a machine with his first Edmonton mask ( also from Gunnarsson ) , Fasth has kept the theme and built on it . The previous mask showed the inner-workings behind the mask , with cogs and sprockets all over the place , dripping oil and only just holding on with riveted leather straps . According to Gunnarsson 's Facebook page , “ cogwheels are also a cool connection to Fasth 's previous machine mask ” . However , this new mask does stray from its predecessor in some aspects .
First of all , and most noticeably , there is something supernatural about this mask . The blue eyes visible from either side of the mask have makeup running down the edges . There is a big orange nose just above the cage that lets viewers know we 're dealing with a psycho “ clown in Oilers colors ” !
The cogs from the previous mask act as teeth in this new incarnation , one Gunnarsson calls “ The Shapeshifter – Oil Drooling Clown ” . The title gives you a better idea of just what is going on here . The lips of the clown , stained red by makeup ( and who knows what else ) run around the entire mask to give the shape-shifting illusion . Oil drool spills out the sides and as you move towards the top of the mask , you get a view of the other creature .
The top of the mask features a skull like face with sunken eyes and the same “ cog-teeth ” . We think it is safe to say there has n't been a mask like this in a while , maybe ever ! Gunnarsson states , “ I love to always try to think outside the box to create new paintings and effects. ” Well , this new mask is definitely outside the box .
As we mentioned , Fasth came out hot in his rookie season . He did n't let up either , sharing the season with Jonas Hiller , starting 25 games and going 15-6-2 , with a save percentage of .921 and a goal against average of 2.18 . While he did n't have the body of work that other candidates may have had , Craig MacTavish and the Oilers liked what they saw , making a deal with the Ducks at the trade deadline last year for a couple of draft picks ( 3rd and 5th round ) . Not too shabby . With Ben Scrivens being acquired in January , just two months prior , it would appear that Edmonton has set their starting goaltending tandem for the coming year . It should be a dogfight for the starting job , though the success of the team will likely depend on what happens outside of the crease .
Gunnarsson has painted several masks for Fasth since he arrived in North America , including last year 's Machine mask and his masks from Anaheim , Judge Dredd Duck , and Bane Duck . You can check out Gunnarsson 's website , follow him on Twitter and/or Instagram , and Like his page on Facebook for more awesome mask designs and paint jobs . The rest of Fasth 's Oil Clown mask is below !
LOS ANGELES ( CBSLA.com ) — Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti is vowing to make City Hall more accessible and user-friendly .
Garcetti has opened a help desk right outside his office on the third floor , KNX1070 's Claudia Peschuitta reports .
Mayor Garcetti Opens Help Desk Outside His Office In City Hall
“ As people come to City Hall , they can come right here and ask us whatever question it is , ” he said . “ My basic philosophy is you deserve whatever you want or a darn good explanation as to why you ca n't have it and nothing in between . ”
The mayor is working towards getting rid of visitor tags while making it easier for people to get into the building .
“ This is 11 years , almost 12 years past 9-11 . I want a secure building , but there are ways of doing that without people feeling like they are outsiders in their own City Hall . ”
RELATED STORY : Mayor Garcetti Refutes Claims City Headed For Bankruptcy
Canonical , the company behind the Ubuntu linux distribution , has been trying to make a dent in the mobile market for years . Back in 2012 , it developed a feature that allowed phones to dock into full Ubuntu PCs , similar to Samsung DeX . That eventually evolved into Ubuntu for phones and tablets , a mobile OS specifically designed to work as as phone and portable PC .
In a blog post , Canonical founder Mark Shuttleworth announced the end of Unity 8 's development , which would have been Ubuntu 's new interface across all platforms . The new version of Unity was integral to the future of Ubuntu on mobile devices , and as such , development for Ubuntu on phones and tablets is ending as well . Ubuntu on the desktop will return to using GNOME as the desktop environment .
Ubuntu Phone never gained any real traction from device manufacturers or carriers . Only six devices ever shipped with the OS , and only from Meizu and BQ . A handful of Android devices also received ports , either by Canonical or through the UBports project . By contrast , Mozilla 's Firefox OS ( which was killed off in February ) shipped on 23 phones and three tablets .
This is just more evidence that Android and iOS are the only viable mobile operating systems on the market . Without the massive library of applications that both platforms have , Ubuntu Phone never really had a chance to succeed - but I commend Canonical for trying .
Deputy Editorial Page Editor
On July 15 , 2016 , an American college professor named Henri Barkey convened an academic workshop about Iran at a hotel on an island near Istanbul . That night , elements of the Turkish military attempted a coup against President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan that quickly failed but triggered a massive campaign of repression which continues to this day . Barkey went through with his conference , spent a couple of days in Istanbul and flew home .
To Barkey 's astonishment , he soon became a target of the world 's newest political weapon : fake news , in the form of a feverish , government-sponsored campaign . Pro-Erdogan media claimed that Barkey was on the island of Buyukada not to discuss Iran 's foreign relations with fellow academics but to direct the coup operation on behalf of the CIA .
To those who know the professor , a stereotypically tweedy 63-year-old intellectual who has combined teaching at Lehigh University with stints at Washington think tanks and the State Department policy planning staff , the claims were literally laughable . But the real-world consequences have not been . The five Turkish scholars who attended the conference have been defamed and stripped of their passports ; one was detained for two weeks .
On Friday , the Turkish press reported that a prosecutor had issued a warrant for Barkey 's arrest . The indictment also charges Metin Topuz , a U.S. consular employee whose detention several weeks ago triggered a diplomatic spat in which both countries temporarily suspended the issuance of visas . Topuz did not attend the conference , and Barkey says he has never met him .
Last month , one of Turkey 's best-known philanthropists and liberal activists , Osman Kavala , was arrested and jailed . One of the two charges against him is `` contact with Henri Jak Barkey and foreigners who were among the organizers of the [ July 15 , 2016 ] coup attempt , '' according to court papers . Kavala was also not at the conference , but Barkey says they spoke briefly at a restaurant in Istanbul . `` Knowing me , '' the professor ruefully told me , `` is enough to send someone to jail for life . ''
Kavala , Topuz and Barkey are just three among some 150,000 people imprisoned , fired or sanctioned by Erdoğan 's government in the past 16 months , including 150 journalists and 6,000 university employees . But the case is a good example of how fake news has become a tool for authoritarian governments that have watched closely how Russia — and President Trump — have used it .
The first lesson is that not just facts but basic plausibility are unimportant when concocting charges . Social media can be used to make anything sound convincing to the followers of a Trump or Erdoğan . The Turkish ruler 's propagandists claimed , for example , that Barkey enlisted the notorious convicted murderer Scott Peterson as muscle . Peterson is imprisoned in California . But no matter : An American journalist also named Scott Peterson happened to be at the meeting .
Once the fake news is floated , political leaders can demand investigations while claiming they only want to learn the facts . Their main objective is not prosecutions , but advancing a political narrative . In Erdoğan 's case , the point is to suggest that the United States is responsible for the coup attempt — a lie that he is attempting to leverage into concessions from Washington . Above all , he wants the extradition of Fethullah Gulen , the Pennsylvania-based cleric accused of masterminding the coup . Erdoğan may also be trying to fend off charges that his government offered millions of dollars to former national security adviser Michael Flynn in exchange for Gulen .
Hence the warrant for Barkey and arrests of Topuz and Kavala , an internationally admired secular activist . Erdoğan has referred to him as `` Turkey 's [ George ] Soros , '' in reference to the liberal U.S. financier ; he also claimed that Kavala and Topuz are connected , without further explanation .
That 's the trick : to use fake news without accepting responsibility for it . Erdoğan 's prime minister , Binali Yildirim , offered me another demonstration of that last week when I asked him , during his visit to Washington , whether the Turkish government really believed that Barkey directed the coup . `` Whether Henri Barkey managed the coup or not , I do n't know , '' he replied , claiming that he was unaware of the allegation .
He then said that Turks were inclined to believe that the United States must have something to do with the coup because of Washington 's failure to hand over Gulen . `` Sometimes perception becomes more important than facts , '' he concluded .
That , of course , is exactly Erdoğan 's objective . And if his repression seems far removed from the tactics of Trump , it 's worth recalling that the president and the media that support him are even now promoting the manifestly false story that Hillary Clinton corruptly influenced the sale of a uranium company to Russia and are demanding a criminal investigation . No wonder Trump said as he met the Turkish strongman in September , `` We 're as close as we have ever been . ''
Read more from Jackson Diehl 's archive , follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook .
Search anus.com : The First World War Before we become depressed by the horrors of our time , let us imagine it -- from the perspective of the natural world ... Of all the birds , Rock Dove remains a mystery . His spirit is elusive , and any time a rock dove is seen , you can feel that he is winking , sharing a mystery . And here is his story . Long before the dominion of humans , birds ruled the earth because of their powers of flight . The first birds took advantage of this and were fierce , giant predators that descended at screaming speeds to carry off their crying victims , as all knew that once in the air even escape meant death by falling . Over time , some of these vicious predators started wanting the easy life , and living off fruit and nuts like the infinite tiny mammals they plundered , and these grew numerous because it is far easier to find seeds and berries than it is to hunt all day for several moments of howling pursuit in which the small creature chased is often blessed by a nearby hole in the earth . From these birds came the pigeons , and from a particularly freewilled tribe of otherwise cowlike pigeons came the spirit that became Rock Dove . Like his pigeon cousins , Rock Dove liked the easy life , but as if recalling some lost ancestor , his spirit loved the thrill of pursuit . As rock doves are smaller than hawks , however , this time the thrill was in evasion . Rock Dove was a powerful spirit , and engendered many birds , but at first they were far from inspiring : black , bold pigeons with broader wings . Rock Dove , when he dreamed , dreamt of more powerful wings and faster flight , and over time all the new rock doves in the world had these bigger wings . This started the first world war , as we know it today , because this made them bigger and more visible targets for eagles . From his roost in the darkness of the aether , Rock Dove saw the daily fight when eagles dropped from above on silent wings and carried off another bird with plaintive creel . The others huddled closer on their branches , but Rock Dove went deeply into his dream . In his dream he saw thinner bodies with the same proportion of wing , and as the new generations of rock doves were born , this came about . Now faster than most birds , rock doves could dive under the eagles in pursuit and make it to earth where eagles were loathe to dive ( you try rushing at a small target among spiny cacti or sharp dry twigs ; your own weight becomes an enemy if you so much as touch a splinter at that speed ) . In his timeless sleep , Rock Dove grinned . On flat rocks and empty limbs across earth , rock doves sent forth their humming song . Far above , the Eagles also dreamed , and the war went from a sitting combat to active . `` We 'll take them at their roosts , '' voiced the Eagle-spirit . `` They 're sitting ducks , if you pardon my pun . '' The next morning rock doves everywhere pecked at food and were taken -- from the leafy twigs of trees , from their resting places on the rocks and amidst the pebbles . Rock Dove frowned in sleep . The losses were massive -- or magnificent , if you were an eagle . Blood stained the flat rocks and vacant limbs of the prairies . In darkness Rock Dove grimaced . He had lost a generation , at least , of his best , sent to their deaths against something they could not have expected . His claws tensed on the branches of earth . While his heart was sick , his spirit was not , and Rock Dove dreamed again -- a dream of fighting . Thus was the first race for military technology born . The few remaining rock doves huddled in safe places , hatching eggs that brought forth brown and then tan and then light grey-tan offspring . These were thinner , faster and lighter than their parents , and best of all , they were hard to see . Rock Dove knew in his dream that our eyes -- any ideas -- must be designed to grasp the gist of a situation without getting enmired in detail quickly , or they are useless in a world of fast-moving prey and predator alike . When an eye looks at the mottled surface of rocks , or the speckled skin of trees , it sees the pattern and not every detail . And now , as he dreamed it , rock doves fit into that pattern . Above eagles crowed in victory . `` We have obliterated the enemy , '' said one triumphantly . But their celebration ended early when they found rock doves no longer easy to catch , and had to move on to other birds and tiny mammals . These in turned dreamed in fathomless sleep and began to change from their bright colors into the dusky spectrum of earth . It was no longer easy to be an eagle . Rock Dove remains in his sleep , watchful but aware there are some things he can only outlast but not directly fight . So it is with war . But in the first world war , he had triumphed despite defeat , because his spirit did not give in where his heart was weak . So it is with all wars : your losses will be sorrowful but if you stay on the path of your dream , your victory -- even despite defeat -- will be eternal . Suddenly it is clear not only how to dry our weary eyes , but what we must do in the future ... Site map Copyright © 1988-20158 A.N.U.S .
Introduction and Specifications
A funny thing happened during the course of this article—life got in the way . And in the few weeks that things were delayed , the PC graphics landscape changed dramatically . A couple of weeks before NVIDIA unleashed the GeForce GTX 580 onto the world , MSI and Gigabyte readied a pair of the most innovative GeForce GTX 480 cards to hit the market . Not only were the cards factory overclocked , but they featured custom coolers , re-worked PCBs , and hardcore , enthusiast-class features not found on any other GTX 480 .
MSI and Gigabyte sent us these custom GTX 480s , and just before putting the finishing touches on the piece , my wife went into labor , the GeForce GTX 580 hit , a few other launches needed coverage ( including the just released GTX 570 ) , and badabing badaboom , here we are today .
Fortunately for you , this additional lead-time helps paint a more complete picture of the high-end graphics card market . Unfortunately , for MSI and Gigabyte , the release of the GeForce GTX 500 takes some of the luster from these cards . But the MSI N480GTX Lightning and Gigabyte GeForce GTX 480 Super Overclocked ( SOC ) Edition are still very interesting products , especially if you 're on the fringe and are one of those truly hardcore enthusiasts that love to push their rigs to the limit . Let us explain ...
MSI N480GTX Lightning and Gigabyte GeForce GTX 480 SOC Specifications & Features
MSI and Gigabyte take a somewhat different approach in their custom GeForce GTX 480 designs . Gigabyte opted to push GPU clocks as high as possible , while MSI was more conservative on their GPU core overclock , but took the memory a bit higher . Interestingly enough , even with a lower-clocked core , the MSI card is able to pull ahead of Gigabyte 's offering in a couple of tests , as you 'll see little later .
This article is over 3 years old
Revisionism row intensifies as ministers push ahead with plans for state-issued texts to correct ‘ pro-North Korean ' bias
South Korea has pushed ahead with a highly controversial plan to introduce government-issued history textbooks in schools , despite angry protests by opposition parties and academics .
The policy has become a bitter ideological battleground between left and right in South Korea , with the government claiming the changes are necessary to correct a “ pro-North Korean ” bias . Critics have accused president Park Geun-Hye 's administration of seeking to manipulate and distort the narrative of how the South Korean state was created .
Following an obligatory 20-day period to canvass public opinion , prime minister Hwang Kyo-Ahn and education minister Hwang Woo-Yea confirmed that from 2017 middle and high school students would each receive a single government-issued history textbook .
“ We can not teach our children with biased history textbooks , ” Hwang said in a televised statement .
Although the textbooks cover ancient history , it is the interpretation of the country 's turbulent recent past , which is most contested – not least the autocratic rule and legacy of Park 's father , Park Chung-Hee .
It was Park Chung-Hee who introduced state-issued textbooks in 1973 , a system that survived the country 's transition from military to democratic rule .
In 2003 , the system was relaxed with the introduction of privately published textbooks , which then became the norm from 2010 , although they were still subject to state inspection .
Park 's conservative administration argued that the books had taken on an increasingly liberal , leftwing bias , which some have even labelled as “ pro-North Korean ” .
Battleground with multiple fronts
Arguments have focused on issues such as who bears most responsibility for the outbreak of the 1950-53 Korean war , and how the textbooks should reference North Korea 's official “ juche ” ideology .
Deeply sensitive issues such as collaboration during Japan 's 1910-45 colonial rule are also strongly contested , as well as the violence that accompanied the move to democracy in the 1980s and 90s .
Hwang dismissed “ the concerns that state-issued textbooks would glorify the authoritarian , military rule of the past as groundless . “ This society is too mature to allow ... such an attempt to distort history , ” he said .
A vocal coalition of liberal politicians , academics , students and civic groups disagree , however . There have also been large street demonstrations against the new policy .
The main opposition New Politics Alliance for Democracy ( NPAD ) staged a sit-in protest at the National Assembly overnight , before Tuesday 's announcement .
The NPAD chief , Moon Jae-In , said the government had turned a deaf ear to mounting public opposition . “ This is no less than outright dictatorship , ” he added . “ No free democracy in the world has state-issued history textbooks . ”
An opinion poll published last week by Gallup Korea showed that 49 % of Korean adults were against the policy , with 36 % in favour .
The state-issued history textbooks will be written by a government-appointed panel of teachers and academics .
Park Geun-Hye has stated that the most critical role of historical education is to “ instil our future generation with pride in their country ” .
Her critics accuse her of hypocrisy in light of her own condemnation of Japanese historical revisionism regarding the colonial period .
Donald Trump says there will be “ more and more ” bombings like those that occurred in New York and New Jersey over the weekend because the country 's “ stupid ” leaders have been “ weak ” on immigration .
“ It 's a mess , and it 's a shame , ” the Republican nominee said in an interview with “ Fox & Friends ” Monday . “ I think this is something that maybe we 'll get — will happen perhaps more and more all over the country because we 've been weak . Our country 's been weak . We 're letting people in by the thousands , the tens of thousands . ”
Trump pointed to President Obama 's recently announced goal to admit 110,000 refugees from around the world to the United States during the 2017 fiscal year — an increase from the 85,000 goal for the 2016 fiscal year .
“ They ca n't be properly vetted , ” Trump said . “ I spoke to law enforcement , the best people in law enforcement . They think there 's no way of vetting these people . ”
The real estate mogul took the opportunity to ratchet up his anti-Obama rhetoric : “ Our leaders are — I do n't even say ‘ weak , ' I say ‘ stupid . ' ”
. @ realDonaldTrump : There are many foreign connections ; people making US unsafe because we 're not allowed to profile pic.twitter.com/t3lkTPSJ0M — FOX & Friends ( @ foxandfriends ) September 19 , 2016
Trump questioned officials who said it appeared there was no connection between the explosions and international terrorism . Shortly after the “ Fox & Friends ” interview , federal officials announced they are seeking 28-year-old Ahmad Khan Rahami , a U.S. citizen of Afghan descent , in connection with Saturday 's bombing in New York City .
“ I think there are many foreign connections , ” he said . “ I think this is one group . You have many , many groups because we 're allowing these people to come into our country and destroy our country and make it unsafe for people . ”
The former reality television host lamented the reluctance of police to use racial profiling to combat terrorism .
“ We do n't want to do any profiling , ” Trump said . “ If somebody looks like he 's got a massive bomb on his back , we wo n't go up to that person … because , if he looks like he comes from that part of the world , we 're not allowed to profile . Give me a break . ”
Trump was criticized for telling a crowd at a rally that a “ bomb ” had gone off in New York City before officials were able to determine what caused the explosion . But on Monday , he boasted that he “ called it . ”
“ I did n't see it , but I heard I was criticized for calling it correctly , ” Trump said . “ But what I said was exactly correct . I should be a newscaster , because I called it before the news . ”
. @ realDonaldTrump slams `` dishonest '' CNN for editing out Clinton reference to NYC explosion as 'bombing ' pic.twitter.com/EG2Yy63B4y — FOX & Friends ( @ foxandfriends ) September 19 , 2016
At his rally in Colorado Springs on Saturday , Trump informed the crowd about the blast in Manhattan before city officials confirmed a bomb had caused it .
“ I must tell you that just before I got off the plane , a bomb went off in New York , ” the Republican nominee said . “ And nobody knows exactly what 's going on . But , boy , we are living in a time — we better get very tough , folks . We better get very , very tough . ”
_____
Related slideshows :
Slideshow : Ahmad Khan Rahami , suspect in New York City and New Jersey explosions , is captured
> > >
Slideshow : Explosive devices found in Elizabeth , New Jersey > > >
Slideshow : ‘ Substantial ' police presence in NYC following Chelsea explosion > > >
Slideshow : Pipe bomb explodes at Jersey Shore > > >
Slideshow : Explosion in New York City 's Chelsea neighborhood > > >
[ Haskell-cafe ] Announce : FieldTrip library ( functional 3D ) and mailing list
FieldTrip [ 1 ] is a library for functional 3D graphics . It is intended for building static , animated , and interactive 3D geometry , efficient enough for real-time synthesis and display . Since FieldTrip is functional , one describes what models are , not how to render them ( being rather than doing ) . Surfaces are described as functions from 2D space to 3D space . As such , they are intrinsically curved rather than faceted . Surface rendering tessellates adaptively , caching tessellations in an efficient , infinite data structure ( from the MemoTrie library ) for reuse . Surface normals are computed automatically and exactly , using the derivative tools in the vector-space library . For animation or interaction , FieldTrip can be used with the Reactive [ 2 ] library for functional reactive programming ( and possibly other animation frameworks ) . By design , FieldTrip is completely orthogonal to any formulation or implementation of FRP . The reactive-fieldtrip [ 3 ] library links Reactive and FieldTrip . FieldTrip now has a mailing list [ 4 ] and a feature/bug tracker [ 5 ] . [ 1 ] http : //haskell.org/haskellwiki/FieldTrip [ 2 ] http : //haskell.org/haskellwiki/reactive [ 3 ] http : //haskell.org/haskellwiki/reactive-fieldtrip [ 4 ] http : //www.haskell.org/mailman/listinfo/FieldTrip [ 5 ] http : //trac.haskell.org/FieldTrip -- -- -- -- -- -- -- next part -- -- -- -- -- -- -- An HTML attachment was scrubbed ... URL : http : //www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20081109/eadc6291/attachment.htm
Remember 1998 , when everybody had a job , we paid down our debts , and the country was in such good shape thanks to Bill Clinton 's undoing the budgetary madness of Ronald Reagan that the Republicans and their media buddies kept trying to jail him on any pretext or none ? One of the media 's favorite tropes was that indictments were supposedly just around the corner for Clinton and his crew . Except that they were n't . Yet that did n't stop the press from pushing every single piece of bogus Republican oppo as news .
You 'd think , then , that when a senior Bush official is under official scrutiny for masterminding the politically-motivated trial and conviction of a state governor , this would be Big News , on the order of what Whitewater was supposed to be but was n't . But the Karl Rove contempt story is n't getting anywhere near the media play of Britney Spears ' recent bikini sighting — and the most prominent media mention of it has been an LAT story spun in classic `` he said she said '' fashion to present an `` other side of the story '' that does n't really exist . ( Yupper , it 's another `` Shape of Earth : Views Differ '' classic . )
So what does the press consider news today ? Well , there 's this WaPo story which the Republicans have clutched to their bosoms as `` proof '' of Barack Obama 's uppity `` arrogance '' — except that the WaPo 's Jonathan Weisman carefully and selectively rearranged the quote to make it say something the total opposite of what was meant , a move so blatantly wrong that not only the Democrats but even some of Weisman 's fellow journos are ripping him for it .
Meanwhile , John McCain repeats his debunked lies about Obama and Ramstein , knowing that the lies will get far more media love than the debunkings . Ai-yi-yi .
Semi-Works Racer : 1983 Laverda TT1 RGS Corsa Reading time : about 3 minutes . Italian
Motorcycles
Rare
It 's thought that just 4 examples of the Laverda TT1 RGS Corsa semi-works racer were ever built , they were shipped to factory-approved racing teams in Italy , Belgium , Australia , and Japan where they were raced against the best in the world .
The 1980s were a difficult and tumultuous time for Laverda , but few would disagree that this motorcycle represents one of their crown jewels – or that it would make an ideal platform for entering the world of classic motorcycle racing .
A Brief History of the Laverda RGS
In the late 1970s the Italian marque Laverda had the unique distinction of building the world 's fastest production motorcycle – the 1000cc Laverda Jota . The bike was actually suggested by British importers Slater Bros. of Collington near Herefordshire , and due to the fact it was factory-fitted with a range of race components it produced 90 hp and could hit speeds of 146+ mph – heady figures for 1976 .
By the early 1980s the fast-pace of motorcycle development that characterized the '70s and '80s had left the Laverda a long way down the pecking order from its formerly illustrious perch atop the mound of the fastest bikes in the world . Something had to be done , so the engineers set to work developing a new , lower frame with a rubber mounted three-cylinder engine – now with 120 degree crank timing in place of the original 180 degrees .
As a three-cylinder bike , the 120 degree crank gave it perfect primary balance , albeit with a less savage demeanor than its 180 degree forbear . The model was offered in a few major variants , including the “ Executive ” and the more feisty 95 hp Corsa – the latter being the motorcycle that would form the basis for the factory semi-works racer you see here .
First offered for sale in 1982 the Laverda RGS was over $ 1000 USD more expensive than its competitors from Japan , it was also a little slower in a straight line due to its slightly lower engine capacity . It did n't sell particularly well , just 2,500 were sold , although exact numbers are n't entirely certain , as records were n't preserved particularly well after the change of ownership from the Laverda family in the late 1980s .
Today , the surviving examples of the Laverda RGS change hands for considerably more than their Japanese competition from the early 1980s , obviously this is largely because they 're rarer , however the styling , handling , and rich engine character all draw in prospective owners more than any promise of exclusivity .
The Laverda TT1 RGS Corsa Semi-Works Racer Shown Here
The Laverda you see here is one of 4 built for independent racing teams in the early 1980s by the Laverda factory . It was based on the racer built by Laverda a year earlier in 1982 to compete in the Italian TT1 championship , fitted with a race-spec engine including racing cams , pistons , a heavy-duty clutch , valves , and carburetors , with a racing gearbox . For weight reduction it was fitted with magnesium alloy fork sliders , Campagnolo wheels , and a fibreglass tank and bodywork .
This one-off factory racer from 1982 had shown considerable potential , so in 1983 the factory built 4 further examples , as well as 6 additional engines for customers in Europe and around the world . The RGS Corsa you see here is thought to be the one that was shipped to Japan – originally painted bright red like many of the street legal Laverda RGS road bikes were at the time .
If you 'd like to read more about this Laverda or register to bid you can click here to visit its listing on Bonhams . It 's due to be auctioned at the Autumn Stafford Sale on the 15th of October , and it 's estimated to be worth between £30,000 and £50,000 .
Images courtesy of Bonhams
Image : Wikimedia
California 's ballot measure to legalize recreational marijuana could be a beacon of hope for anyone with a criminal record for using or possessing weed .
Proposition 64 would legalize marijuana for adults 21 and older . But it would also allow judges to resentence individuals convicted of weed-related crimes , and for the destruction of records for prior marijuana convictions . That 's important because about 15,000 to 20,000 people in California are arrested every year for misdemeanor and felony marijuana crimes , according to an August report by the Drug Policy Alliance , a national advocacy non-profit .
The ballot measure would legalize using , possessing and growing marijuana , with restrictions . Adults could possess up to 28.5 grams of marijuana and up to eight grams of concentrated marijuana , such as hash . Private individuals could grow up to six marijuana plants in their homes , and greater quantities would be subject to state licensing and regulation .
If passed , the measure could provide a lighter or expunged record for people previously arrested for misdemeanors for possessing small amounts of marijuana , growing marijuana or for using weed without a medical marijuana card .
U.S. cannabis arrests by year . Image : FBI
California has already reduced the severity of the requirements of weed-related crimes , making low-level possession of about one ounce or less an infraction in 2011 , similar to a parking ticket , rather than an offense requiring an arrest , according to pro-marijuana group NORML . Minor possession was reduced from a felony to a misdemeanor in 1976 , and medical marijuana was legalized in 1996 .
`` The penalty for cultivating more than six cannabis plants will be a misdemeanor under Prop 64 , but is currently a straight felony , '' said Mike Donaldson , a California defense lawyer , in a statement on his website . `` As such , individuals with a prior felony marijuana cultivation conviction will be able to petition a court for resentencing and have their conviction reduced to a misdemeanor . ''
It could alleviate pressure on the state 's courts , which spend `` tens of millions '' on these arrests and court costs , according to a pro-amendment ballot summary written by a former deputy chief of the Los Angeles Police Department and other proponents .
`` Currently , the courts are clogged with cases of non-violent drug offenses , '' according to the state Legislative Analyst 's Office ballot summary . `` By legalizing marijuana , the Adult Use of Marijuana Act will alleviate pressure on the courts , but continue to allow prosecutors to charge the most serious marijuana-related offenses as felonies , while reducing the penalties for minor marijuana-related offenses as set forth in the act . ''
Read more : Marijuana Arrests Are At a 20-Year Low
Meanwhile , opponents of the ballot measure argue prior reforms , such as the 2011 legislation , already makes criminal punishment for marijuana-related crimes mild . `` Not one single person remains in California 's prisons solely for simple marijuana possession , '' U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein and other opponents write in the ballot summary .
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter .
Hillary Clinton faces “ mounting health issues ” — and she 's secretly worried that she 's too sick to run for president , according to a new book .
The 67-year-old Democratic front-runner has been “ frequently plagued ” by “ blinding headaches ” and a series of strokes over the course of the campaign which have left her second-guessing her chances of winning in 2016 , says the upcoming book “ Unlikeable — The Problem with Hillary . ”
Excerpts were published Tuesday by Radar Online .
“ For the first time I 've known her , she 's showing self-doubt about her strength and vitality , ” a friend of Clinton 's told author Edward Klein , who has written about the Obamas and Kennedys in the past .
The presidential candidate has also been battling bouts of insomnia that have ultimately “ worried her , because it sapped her energy just when she needed it most for the campaign , ” Klein writes .
“ She is exhausted and depressed a lot of the time , ” a friend is quoted as saying , adding that Clinton even tried taking sleeping pills to combat the problem , but to no avail .
“ She said they made her less sharp the next day , ” the friend explained .
In late 2012 , Clinton suffered from a life-threatening blood clot on her brain that left her “ constantly worried ” she would develop another one , according to Klein .
Clinton has insisted she 's in good health and released a letter from her doctor over the summer attesting to her fitness .
Dr. Lisa Bardack of Mount Kisco , NY , outlined Clinton 's medical history , which included her treatment for a brain concussion , an analysis of blood clots affecting her legs and brain on separate occasions , an underactive thyroid gland examination , and a complete family history of heart disease .
Her findings showed that Clinton 's electrocardiogram and her blood lipids were reported as normal , and her cancer screening tests — including mammography , breast ultrasound , colonoscopy and gynecological examination — were also normal .
But Klein says the former first lady is keeping her medical ailments under wraps .
“ There were incidents on the campaign trail when she felt faint and nearly swooned , ” he claimed . “ Those incidents were kept secret . ”
EAST RUTHERFORD -- The Eagles beat the Giants 34-29 Sunday afternoon at MetLife Stadium , but not before Eagles safety Malcolm Jenkins seemingly won a war of words against Giants wide receiver Sterling Shepard .
Late in the fourth quarter , Jenkins and Shepard got into a scrum near the Eagles ' sideline that wound up drawing in several players from both teams but did not draw a flag .
Shepard said afterwards that Jenkins goaded him into the extracurriculars , but that he believes his success against the Eagles is what sparked the brief dustup .
`` I guess the guy over the top of me [ Jenkins ] , he does n't like the way I did him , '' Shepard said after the game . `` So , he tried to get after me a little bit . I 've got to be better at that , too . Ca n't let that get to us and effect the game . ''
`` I guess he did n't like the way that I do him . Every time that we play . He had some words to say , and I did , too . ''
For his part , Jenkins did not deny Shepard 's charge that he instigated the skirmish .
`` That 's completely accurate , '' Jenkins said . `` I try to get under everybody 's skin . Whoever I play , I want to own you not only physically , but mentally . I do n't think I did anything outside the rules , or dirty . I 'm just an annoying player .
`` I think the scrum was more the people around us than us . We were kind of tussling . We both hit the ground . I think other people started tussling around us , and I was just trying to get up . It was n't anything personal . I do n't have any beef with him . It 's just part of the game . ''
Eagles survive , but show flaws vs. Giants | Takeaways
Shepard led all receivers Sunday with 11 catches for 139 yards and a touchdown . His latest dominant performance against the Eagles . In four games against the Eagles , Shepard has caught 28 passes for 383 yards and four touchdowns .
According got Shepard , Jenkins talking trash is nothing new .
`` He does all the vet move stuff , '' Shepard said . `` Trying to get underneath your skin , but it does n't really work on me . ''
Despite the tempers boiling over late in Sunday 's game , Jenkins says that he has plenty of respect for the second-year Giants ' receiver .
`` He 's a competitor , '' Jenkins said . `` He 's a young guy . I 've got a lot of respect for him . I think that 's part of the reason he 's so fiery and successful is because he 's got so much fight in him . He 's a younger guy , a smaller guy . That 's just me . ''
NJ Advance Media 's Ryan Dunleavy contributed to this report .
Matt Lombardo may be reached at MLombardo @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @ MattLombardoPHL .
In mathematics , the Menger sponge ( also known as the Menger cube , Menger universal curve , Sierpinski cube , or Sierpinski sponge ) [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] is a fractal curve . It is a three-dimensional generalization of the one-dimensional Cantor set and two-dimensional Sierpinski carpet . It was first described by Karl Menger in 1926 , in his studies of the concept of topological dimension . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
The second iteration gives a level-2 sponge ( Image 2 - third from left ) , the third iteration gives a level-3 sponge ( Image 2 - 4th from left ) , and so on . The Menger sponge itself is the limit of this process after an infinite number of iterations .
True view of the cross-section of a level-4 Menger sponge through its centroid and perpendicular to a space diagonal . In this interactive SVG , the cross-sections are true-view and to scale .
The nth stage of the Menger sponge , M n , is made up of 20n smaller cubes , each with a side length of ( 1/3 ) n. The total volume of M n is thus ( 20/27 ) n. The total surface area of M n is given by the expression 2 ( 20/9 ) n + 4 ( 8/9 ) n. [ 6 ] [ 7 ] Therefore the construction 's volume approaches zero while its surface area increases without bound . Yet any chosen surface in the construction will be thoroughly punctured as the construction continues , so that the limit is neither a solid nor a surface ; it has a topological dimension of 1 and is accordingly identified as a curve .
Each face of the construction becomes a Sierpinski carpet , and the intersection of the sponge with any diagonal of the cube or any midline of the faces is a Cantor set . The cross-section of the sponge through its centroid and perpendicular to a space diagonal is a regular hexagon punctured with hexagrams arranged in six-fold symmetry . [ 8 ] The number of these hexagrams , in descending size , is given by a n = 9 a n − 1 − 12 a n − 2 { \displaystyle a_ { n } =9a_ { n-1 } -12a_ { n-2 } } , with a 0 = 1 , a 1 = 6 { \displaystyle a_ { 0 } =1 , \ a_ { 1 } =6 } [ 9 ] .
The sponge 's Hausdorff dimension is log 20/log 3 ≅ 2.727 . The Lebesgue covering dimension of the Menger sponge is one , the same as any curve . Menger showed , in the 1926 construction , that the sponge is a universal curve , in that every curve [ ru ] is homeomorphic to a subset of the Menger sponge , where a curve means any compact metric space of Lebesgue covering dimension one ; this includes trees and graphs with an arbitrary countable number of edges , vertices and closed loops , connected in arbitrary ways . In a similar way , the Sierpinski carpet is a universal curve for all curves that can be drawn on the two-dimensional plane . The Menger sponge constructed in three dimensions extends this idea to graphs that are not planar , and might be embedded in any number of dimensions .
The Menger sponge is a closed set ; since it is also bounded , the Heine–Borel theorem implies that it is compact . It has Lebesgue measure 0 . Because it contains continuous paths , it is an uncountable set .
In the 2016 presidential election , Donald Trump won the white vote across all demographics except for college-educated white women . He did especially well among working class white voters : 67 percent of whites without a college degree voted for him .
Some post-election analysis marveled at how the white working class could vote against its own interests by supporting a billionaire businessman who is likely to support policies that cut taxes for the rich and weaken the country 's social safety net . Since the New Deal , the Democratic Party has been seen as the party of working people , while Republicans were considered the party of the elites . Donald Trump was able to flip this narrative to his advantage . Election 2016 balkanized issues and made it seem impossible to work on racism , sexism , poverty and economic issues all at once . A core question moving forward for social justice advocates and the Democratic Party is how they can move beyond identity politics and attract working-class voters of all races , building stronger coalitions among disparate groups .
One place to look for inspiration and instruction might be 1960s social movements that understood the power of alliances across identities and issues . During this period , a radical coalition formed that might seem impossible today : A group of migrant southerners and working-class white activists called the Young Patriots joined forces with the Black Panthers in Chicago to fight systemic class oppression .
So how did this alliance form ? And how can its lessons be applied to today 's political moment ?
An unlikely alliance
In the post-civil rights era , a militant Black Power movement emerged , with the Black Panther Party for Self Defense forming in 1966 . Inspired by Malcolm X and other international black thought leaders , the group embraced armed struggle as a potential tool against organized racial oppression – a radical break from the philosophy of nonviolent protest . A large faction of the group developed in Chicago , where one of the party leaders was a young man named Fred Hampton .
Chicago in the 1960s was a brutal place for poor people . Black , brown and white people all dealt with poverty , unemployment , police violence , substandard housing , inadequate schools and a lack of social services . Ethnic and racial groups each created their own social service and activist networks to combat every kind of oppression .
One was the Young Patriot Organization ( YPO ) , which was based in Hillbilly Harlem , an uptown neighborhood of Chicago populated by displaced white southerners . Many YPO members were racist , and they flaunted controversial symbols associated with southern pride , such as the Confederate flag . But like blacks and Latinos , the white Young Patriots and their families experienced discrimination in Chicago . In their case , it was because they were poor and from the South .
In his short time as a Black Panther leader , Fred Hampton wanted to advance the group 's goals by forming a “ Rainbow Coalition ” of working class and poor people of all races .
Former members of the Chicago Panthers and YPO tell different versions of the same story of how the groups connected : Each attended the other 's organizing meetings and decided to work together on their common issues . Over time , the Black Panthers learned to tolerate Confederate flags as intransigent signs for rebellion . Their only stipulation was that the white Young Patriots denounce racism .
Eventually , Young Patriots rejected their deeply embedded ideas of white supremacy – and even the Confederate flag – as they realized how much they had in common with the Black Panthers and Latino Young Lords .
Assumed to be natural enemies , these groups united in their calls for economic justice . In the Aug. 9 , 1969 issue of The Black Panther newspaper , the party 's chief of staff , David Hilliard , admiringly called the Young Patriots “ the only revolutionaries we respect that ever came out of the mother country. ” Recalling his work with the YPO , former Black Panther Bobby Lee explained that “ The Rainbow Coalition was just a code word for class struggle . ”
In the end , the Illinois Panthers brought together various elements of the black community , Confederate flag-waving southern white migrants ( Young Patriots ) , Puerto Ricans ( Young Lords ) , poor white ethnic groups ( Rising Up Angry , JOIN Community Union , and the Intercommunal Survival Committee ) , students and the women 's movement . The disparate groups under the coalition 's umbrella pooled resources and shared strategies for providing community services and aid that the government and private sector would not . Initiatives included health clinics , feeding homeless and hungry people , and legal advice for those dealing with unethical landlords and police brutality .
In 2016 , a stark racial divide is exposed
Almost 50 years after the original Rainbow Coalition , the U.S. electorate remains divided along racial lines . Even though Donald Trump asked black Americans , “ What do you have to lose ? ” by voting for him and abandoning the Democratic Party , it did n't work : Only 8 percent of black voters ( and 28 percent of Latino and 27 percent of Asian voters ) cast ballots for Trump . Blacks and Latinos are well-represented in the working class , and people of color will become the majority in the working class in 2032 .
Much 2016 post-election attention has focused on working-class white voters , who have been characterized as “ forgotten ” and “ angry ” for being left out of the economic recovery . Yet African-Americans have been far worse off ; since the 2007 recession , the unemployment rate of African-Americans is nearly double that of Hispanics and more than twice that of whites .
Hillary Clinton was the candidate who collected the most diverse voter base – the 2016 Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia looked like the Rainbow Coalition redux – and she was expected to win the election . However , that visual hid racism 's residual and deeply entrenched place in U.S. society . One of the lessons of the 2016 election is that the country is not as advanced in its work on ending racism and discrimination as most would like to believe . Donald Trump did not have to do much to capitalize on this .
The Rainbow Coalition members in the 1960s Chicago understood how difficult it is to build coalitions across identities . Former Black Panther Bobby Lee recalled working with the Young Patriots :
“ It was n't easy to build an alliance . I advised them on how to set up ‘ serve the people ' programs – free breakfasts , people 's health clinics , all that . I had to run with those cats , break bread with them , hang out at the pool hall . I had to lay down on their couch , in their neighborhood . Then I had to invite them into mine . That was how the Rainbow Coalition was built , real slow . ”
The coalition , bringing together seemingly polar opposite Black Panthers and Young Patriots , showed that real interactions allow people to understand that their struggles are not essentially different . Donald Trump probably was sincere when he invited African-Americans to join his movement . He simply did n't realize that a glib invitation would not produce the same results as real coalition-building over a period of time .
The lesson to learn from studying 1960s social movements is that lasting change toward economic and racial justice will probably be built brick by brick , person to person and “ real slow . ”
Overview of the Church of St Nicholas ruins
Exterior apse view
The Church of St Nicholas ( Bulgarian : църква „ Свети Никола “ , tsarkva „ Sveti Nikola “ ) is a partially preserved medieval Eastern Orthodox church in the town of Melnik in Blagoevgrad Province , southwestern Bulgaria . Dating to the late 12th century , it stands on top of an ancient Thracian sanctuary and a 5th-century basilica . In the Middle Ages , the church served as the cathedral of Melnik 's bishop . The interior of the church features frescoes of rarely depicted scenes , as well as a 13th-century inscription . Its bell tower used to house one of the oldest extant church bells in Europe , discovered by archaeologists in the 2000s .
History [ edit ]
The Church of St Nicholas lies on top of the eponymous hill of Sveti Nikola ( `` Saint Nicholas '' ) just south of the town of Melnik . [ 1 ] The church occupies a location which hosted other sacred buildings in Antiquity . A Thracian sanctuary devoted to the goddess Bendis , the Thracian variant of Artemis , stood at the place [ 2 ] [ 3 ] before a Christian basilica was built in the 5th century . However , the older church did not survive for long , as it was ruined by the end of the 6th century . [ 2 ]
The Church of St Nicholas is generally dated to the late 12th century , a time when Melnik was ruled by both Byzantium and the Second Bulgarian Empire . There is a single opinion which links the building of the church with the rule of Prince Boris I of Bulgaria ( r. 852–889 ) and the period shortly after the Christianization of Bulgaria , though the evidence for this is not accepted by most scholars . A second stage of construction followed in the first half of the 13th century , when the Church of St Nicholas was elevated to the seat of a bishop . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] In order for the church to better fulfil that purpose , a fence and additional buildings were constructed around it to form a compound . [ 2 ]
The church served as the town 's cathedral until the construction of the similarly named Church of St Nicholas the Wonderworker in the 18th century . Although the medieval Church of St Nicholas was in use as late as the 19th century as a monastery church , it is only partially preserved today , with all but the eastern part entirely in ruins . After the Balkan Wars ( 1912–1913 ) , Melnik was deserted by much of its population and the lack of maintenance resulted in the church 's rapid structural decay . [ 1 ]
Architecture , decoration and epigraphy [ edit ]
The Church of St Nicholas was constructed out of interchanging rows of stones and brickwork , and measures 15.80 by 15.50 metres ( 51.8 ft × 50.9 ft ) . Architecturally , it is a three-naved basilica church ; the naves were formed by two rows of columns which ran along the length of the cella ( or naos ) . It has three entrances , all from the west , and three apses in the easternmost part . The side apses are smaller than the one in the middle , which features an elaborate three-part window and additional decoration . The narthex and the four-stepped adobe synthronon ( stone benches for the clergy ) were added during the second period of construction in the 13th century . The synthronon fits inside the middle apse and includes a throne with railings in the middle . [ 2 ]
The church had an adjacent bell tower , which was a separate rectangular structure that lay to the southwest of the church . Its walls were 4–4.5 metres ( 13–15 ft ) long and around 1 metre ( 3.3 ft ) thick . Architects Vasilka Gerasimova–Tomova and Violeta Pesheva believe that it reached 15–16 metres ( 49–52 ft ) in height and that it was built in the 1210s under Bulgarian despot Alexius Slav ( fl . 1208–1228 ) , [ 4 ] a largely independent medieval ruler of Melnik and the Rhodope Mountains . [ 5 ]
A bronze church bell with a relief Medieval Greek text , considered by Bulgarian researchers to be among the oldest extant church bells in Europe , [ 3 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] was unearthed in Melnik in the 2000s . The inscription prompted the researchers to associate the bell with the Church of St Nicholas . It reads : `` Copper-smelted church bell , a gift by Alexius , who is the pious Slav , to Saint Nicholas of Myra '' . [ 4 ] The text is thought to reference Alexius Slav , thus it is dated to his rule and the construction of the bell tower . A very similar bell , also found in Melnik , bears an inscription which mentions Byzantine Emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos ( r. 1259–1282 ) and the year 1270 specifically . However , this second bell may not have belonged to the Church of St Nicholas , but rather to another church in Melnik . [ 4 ]
The church 's frescoes were painted in the 12th–13th century by three artists . The surviving murals include rare depictions of the ordination of Apostle James the Greater for bishop of Jerusalem by the Church Fathers and the vision of Peter of Alexandria . The life of church patron Saint Nicholas is also painted on the walls of the church . The frescoes also feature portraits of Antipas of Pergamum , Anthimus of Nicomedia , Gregory of Nyssa and Procopius of Scythopolis . [ 2 ] Some of the murals have been stripped from the walls and sent to the National Archaeological Museum in Sofia , though others remain in place . [ 1 ]
A 13th-century Greek-language inscription was discovered on the interior walls of the Church of St Nicholas . In translation , it reads : `` Prayer of God 's slave sebastos Vladimir , brother of a single womb of the sebastos of the Franks '' [ 2 ] or `` ... of sebastos Frank '' , the former considered more likely . [ 5 ] The epigraph is linked with the rule of Alexius Slav over Melnik and provides an insight into the organization and makeup of Alexius Slav 's court . [ 5 ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates :
Goaltender Riku Helenius was only playing in his second North American game since 2009-10 on Saturday night as the Syracuse Crunch squared off with the Binghamton Senators in the second game of a three game road trip this weekend . And it was n't going all that well . 5 goals allowed on 13 shots ... That 's rather ugly .
But in a chippy contest between the Crunch and the Senators , frustrations started to boil over during the second period . How much so ? How about Helenius finding himself in a fight with Senators goalie Robin Lehner at mid ice ?
Now there 's something you do n't see every day ...
UPDATE : Much higher quality video from the AHL Live feed ( via Puck Daddy ) :
That led to Helenius ' ejection . He 'll likely get a shot at redemption tomorrow versus Wilkes-Barre/Scranton ... Unless Crunch head coach Jon Cooper decides otherwise and puts Dustin Tokarski in .
As of this writing , the Crunch are trailing Binghamton by a secore of 5-2 after two periods . Cory Conacher and Mark Barberio with the goals for the Crunch .
[ Note by John Fontana , 10/20/12 10:06 PM EDT ] As was noted with the original post , it was 5-2 . The Binghamton Senators originally had a 5-0 lead , but the Conacher and Barberio goals started shifting the game the other way . Syracuse went on to score three more unanswered goals in the third period , from Brett Connolly , Ondrej Palat , and J.T . Wyman to tie the game at 5 and force overtime .
And to top it off , Richard Panik nets the game winner in overtime . An improbable comeback for the Crunch . Was the Helenius goalie fight a catalyst ? It had been a chippy game as was ... Whatever the case , the Crunch are now 3-0-0-1 with their contest against the Baby Penguins set for tomorrow .
American Views On Islam : Ignorance Is Bliss
Why are people 's views about Islam so screwed up ? Mostly because the only things they know about it tend to be the worst possible aspects of all .
Doug Mataconis · · 79 comments
Joel Achenbach has a post up today lamenting the latest manifestations of what you can only call public stupidity :
God help us . Could so many Americans really be that dumb , ill-informed , paranoid , gullible and goofy ? It must be tricky being Barack Obama , winding down the U.S. presence in volatile Iraq , trying to keep Afghanistan from degenerating , pondering war with Iran , even as , according to the latest bulletin , one in five Americans thinks he is a Muslim . Why not just believe he 's an alien from outer space ? Or a Manchurian Candidate , programmed by , say , the Chinese to bring America to ruin ? Crazy times . It 's also dismaying that so many Americans are opposed to the mosque near Ground Zero . In America you can worship wherever you want , regardless of religious belief . We protect religious minorities here . This is n't merely the law : It 's a core value . This goes back to the Pilgrims , I seem to recall . The backers of the mosques are the good guys , the ones who preach tolerance . There should be no hedging on this at all from American leaders : If we ca n't allow a mosque in lower Manhattan we might as well close shop for good and turn out the lights . ( … ) What this shows are that disinformation remains powerful and infectious , and that large elements of the country distrust the official story about anything . People assume , as the starting point on any issue , that they 're being lied to . Maybe they want to believe that because it offers an explanation , of sorts , for why the world is n't the way we think it ought to be .
I think there 's a fairly simple explanation for all of this . It 's not merely Fox News/Limbaugh/Hannity/Beck brainwashing . It 's not necessarily racism or bigotry . It 's comes down to the simple fact that people tend to think the worst about things they 're unfamiliar with .
As I noted yesterday , for example , most Americans tell pollsters that they do not know any Muslims personally . At the same time , though , the same polls show that most Americans think they are at least somewhat knowledgeable about Islam :
Where are people getting this knowledge about Islam if they do n't know any Muslims ? Well , obviously , from the same talking head news culture that creates the culture of demonization . If you were to base your opinion on Islam solely on what is portrayed on Fox News and on radio shows hosted by people like Sean Hannity , then it 's not surprising that you 'd be opposed to not just to construction of a community center and mosque in Lower Manhattan , but any mosque anywhere . It is , quite simply , ignorance fueled by demonization . I would submit that if some of these people had actual Muslim neighbors or co-workers , their opinions about the religion , and the rights of its adherents , would be much , much different .
And that , I think , is part of the problem that Muslims in America face . They are a very small part of the population — somewhere between 1.3 million and 7 million people depending on whose numbers you go by — but they are part of a religion of 1.6 billion people worldwide that is , because of it 's radical elements , suspicious to some people . It 's a PR problem , but one made more difficult by the fact that it 's very unlikely that most Americans will know much about Islam other than what they see on television from the Middle East , and most of that , quite honestly , is n't very good ( which is , incidentally , why many of the Muslims in America are here rather than there ) . When it comes to Islam , Americans suffer from a lack of knowledge about everything other than it 's most extreme and radical elements , and until that changes I 'm afraid that the public 's attitudes about Islam are going to remain as negative as they are today .
Denver- People get makeovers . Sometimes homes get makeovers . Almost never do ditches get makeovers .
One of Denver 's most popular ditches is about to get a little TLC .
The 71-mile , High Line Canal , is due for an upgrade .
The ditch and irrigation system was built in the 1880s to deliver water from the foothills to the plains .
It still serves that purpose today , but these days , the trail is very popular for jogging , waking and horseback riding .
The canal starts in Waterton Canyon in Douglas County and runs to Green Valley Ranch in Northeast Denver .
This entire stretch is 860 acres , which is slightly bigger than Central Park in New York City .
More than 350,000 people live within a mile of the canal and it passes through 11 communities .
More than half a million people use it recreationally every year .
Denver Water manages the canal . They are teaming up with the High Line Canal conservancy to figure out how to preserve the area for another hundred years .
If planned and preserved properly , this area has the potential to become a national attraction as the largest continuous urban greenway in the US .
Since so many people use the trail , they want you to have a say in what the future looks like out there .
What 's your vision for the trail ? Share your ideas at an open house :
11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. , Wednesday , July 20 , at Expo Recreation Center , 10955 E. Exposition Ave. , Aurora .
4 p.m. to 8 p.m. , Wednesday , July 20 , at Eloise May Library , 1471 S. Parker Rd. , Denver .
4 p.m. to 8 p.m. , Thursday , July 21 , at Eisenhower Recreation Center , 4300 E. Dartmouth Ave. , Denver .
Copyright 2016 KUSA
First , i would like to point out i have never played any of the witcher games . So , going in to this one , i had low expectations , especially with everyone saying the game was downgraded for the consoles . Well , it is a fantastic game to me . No other ways to describe it . GRAPHICS - The graphics are more than solid good . The animation is simply out of this world with the occasional frame rate drop , but nothing which harm this game . Hey , not as bad as Fallout 3 , New Vegas and Skyrim ( I owned all 3 of them and they were buggy , but fun ) . Those graphics are crisp and sharp . Every area is distinct from one another which means you know when you get to another area of the game . I really like the background where you can almost see like other levels far away . This is top notch to me . The water area could use some upgrades , but it still gets the job done . It is pure pleasure just to go through this world and look at all the details ( and i am just in the prologue still ... lol ) . SOUND - The music in this game is just phenomenal . Man , talk about putting you in the mood . The voice acting is superb and whoever wrote their texts are really good . Overall , the sound effect is plain fun . Nothing else to say about it . GAMEPLAY – The game so far is very responsive . You can easily navigate and the character does exactly what you want . I do n't find it too hard to get used to Gerald and his moves . I was playing a lot of Bloodborne before this game , so i am used by now to rolling and dodging . I have gotten stuck once or twice on rocks , but it happens rarely . You have to watch where you go or you could die easily falling of a cliff . STORY – This is a very innovative story to me . As mentioned , i have not followed the witcher story at all . I did not find i was at a total loss . I really want to find out what has happened and why . This game is apparently supposed to last approx .. 25h to 30h just with the main story . Should last close to 200h with all the side quests . The whole witcher world is captivating to me . All those monsters to hunt and the hundreds of NPC 's to listen to . There is a lot to do here . FUN - There seems to be a lot of collectibles to find in this game , from weapons to weapons upgrades to various items and secrets . You can also find journals here and there . I did not think you could have more than skyrim , but this game may just prove me wrong . That is just awesome . The menus are a bit hard to navigate and it is a bit confusing . However , once you get it , it may take a bit of work to get there , but it works . Who knows , maybe a patch in the future will address that . Overall , there is just a ton of fun to get with this game . CONCLUSION - This game is phenomenal period . I love the developper for getting us free DLC 's ( there are 16 coming soon ) . Yeah , they may ask money for 2 expensions later on , but at least , the DLC 's are free and that 's the way it should be . I suggest supporting those guys who made us a great game instead of supporting the practice of a game company releasing a horribly unfinished product and expecting the customers to pay full price . Yeah EA and Ubisoft , I am looking at you . I recommend the witcher 3 all the way . I mean , 60 $ for 200 hours of game ...
Read more
Climate scientists long ago settled among themselves the question of whether human emissions of greenhouse gases are a problem , concluding that we are running some grave risks . But the field still features vigorous debate about how bad global warming will get , how quickly , and how to combat it .
One of the biggest fights involves how much effort to put into stopping leaks of methane gas into the atmosphere . It may sound like an obscure topic , but the leaks could have a great effect on the climate that people living today experience .
This issue has grown in importance with the release of President Obama 's new climate plan . It calls for greater use of natural gas , which consists mostly of methane . Among a few academics and on the far left of the environmental movement , cries are going up that the president is about to lock America into a supposed solution to climate change that will be worse than burning coal .
Is that claim plausible ?
The basic scientific facts are pretty clear . By far the most important greenhouse gas that humans are spewing into the atmosphere is carbon dioxide , which comes from burning fossil fuels . The second most important is methane , which comes from many sources . It is released when coal is mined ; it escapes when wells are drilled for oil or natural gas ; and it leaks from pipes that distribute natural gas . Certain agricultural practices also throw up a huge amount .
A senior member of the Hungarian government has accused George Soros-backed lobbyists of agitating “ political hysteria ” and putting pressure on the European Union , the U.S. , and Germany over the Central European government 's legislation devised to ensure fair conditions for foreign universities operating in the country .
János Lázár , the Minister heading the Prime Minister 's Office , sought to dispel accusations that the new higher education amendment specifically and unfairly targets the Central European University ( CEU ) , a U.S. university founded by open borders financier George Soros , calling it “ hysterical , political hype ” at a press conference Friday .
Mr. Lázár said the government is “ ready to answer ” questions regarding the legislation from Brussels , Washington , D.C. , and Berlin , but said that Hungarian-born “ György [ George ] Soros and his network ” have been putting pressure on the three governments .
The Minister said “ there is ongoing lobbying against Hungary ” and in the coming days , the “ Soros network will most probably continue to apply pressure ” to interfere in Hungary 's “ right of sovereignty [ to ] regulate the foundation and operation of universities ” .
The Hungarian government has also said the CEU has “ deceived the media in an attempt to retain its privileges in Hungary ” .
In March , Mr. Lázár told a press conference that a review undertaken of 28 foreign run universities in Hungary uncovered problems with operational licences , course accreditation , and state cooperation . Based on the review 's findings , the human resources ministry submitted an amendment to the higher education law with the aim of increasing transparency .
CEU president Michael Ignatieff said the bill was “ discriminative and specifically an attack against the CEU ” .
Lázár refuted Mr. Ignatieff 's accusation , noting that of the 28 foreign universities reviewed , only one , the American McDaniel College , was cleared .
“ If the Hungarian government had any problem with any institution on political grounds , it would not allow a totemic liberal university to carry on , ” Lázár said of McDaniel College .
Based on the amendment to the Act on Higher Education , foreign institutions of higher education that provide degrees will only be able to operate in Hungary if there is an intergovernmental agreement to support their operations . Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán has confirmed that his government is seeking negotiations with that of the U.S .
The government stated the new regulations will not lead to the automatic closure of foreign universities . Lázár pointed out that fulfilling the new requirements should not pose a “ real problem ” for the CEU , adding on Friday : “ The CEU is able to meet these conditions , the legislation is not disproportionate , nor discriminatory , and creates a transparent system . ”
“ The proposed amendment to the act on higher education does not make it impossible for institutions to operate in Hungary , is not discriminative and is not aimed against the Central European University ( CEU ) , which operates in Budapest , ” László Palkovics , minister of state for education , also said .
Prime Minister Orbán said on Kossuth Radio 's 180 Minutes : “ Nobody stands above the law in Hungary – not even if they are a billionaire , and this institution must also abide by the law . ”
When asked whether the government would be holding negotiations with the CEU , Mr. Orbán reiterated that the Soros-backed institution only needs to abide by the law , adding : “ We do n't have to negotiate with it , because at the moment it is not the Government of the United States – although it might want to be ” .
Advertising
Members of the LGBT community will raise their issues with AAP representatives at a special programme in Delhi on Sunday . Initiated by Mumbai-based filmmaker Onir , “ Face to Face ” has been organised by Engendered , an arts and gender rights organisation . It is first initiative where a national-level party has proactively displayed interest in this community 's problems .
“ After the Supreme Court verdict upheld Section 377 , the AAP was one party that spoke in our favour . We also realised the LGBT movement has been apolitical too long . It is time we change that because unless we lobby , and lobby right , the community will not be allowed ( its ) rights , ” said Onir .
The event is being termed a “ conversation ” between the heads of several Delhi-based LGBT organisations as well as feminists and AAP representatives Dilip Pandey and Atishi Marlena .
Myna Mukherjee of Engendered says the idea is to have an exchange in gender , equality and human rights since the problems rarely get discussed at a lobbying level “ although this is at an informal level ” . It 's an open event that Mukherjee says will be attended by several LGBT artistes and feminists .
Atishi Marlena said the party had raised issues concerning the transgender community even during the Delhi assembly elections . “ We were the only party to have taken up issues relating to their identity , access to healthcare , education and livelihood options . In the Lok Sabha elections , we plan to include these issues in our manifesto . Our efforts will include constitution of transgender welfare boards across states . ”
Advertising
After the meeting at Gallery Engendered SPACE , Shahpurjat , Onir plans to take this event to Mumbai and Kolkata too . “ I have faith in the manifesto and vision of AAP . Also , most of their candidates include professionals such as artistes , teachers , engineers and doctors , which gives me hope that they will be more open to discussing the problems of the queer community . ”
It 's apparently also capable of learning the layout of your house over time , Roomba-style , to avoid obstacles and take the most direct route between locations . Inside there 's a quad-core CPU , there 's built-in LTE and WiFi , a number of sensors , motors and gyroscopes , speaker and four microphones . The battery is rated to last two hours , and takes three hours to charge fully so extended play sessions could be tricky .
Pre-orders for the new robot begin tonight via Sony 's online store in Japan for 179,000 yen ( about $ 1,739 US ) , with shipments scheduled to begin on January 11th . Good luck getting one for use anywhere else -- Sony says that right now , it 's only scheduled for launch in Japan .
Of course , because this is 2017 , not only is the new Aibo powered by AI ( that learns and develops a unique personality over time ) but it 's also connected to the cloud . An Aibo Basic Plan subscription not only backs up your robot 's unique identity but also turns on the connection for owners to access their remote via WiFi or a mobile connection . It costs about $ 27 per month , while a 3-year subscription can be purchased upfront for 90,000 yen ( $ 790 ) .
You 'll need the subscription for your pet 's AI tendencies to develop and to use its My Aibo app ( on iOS , Android and the web ) that can manage settings , access photos and play with a virtual version of the dog . Eventually , you 'll be able to buy new tricks from the Aibo Store , but it can also learn them from other Aibo and gain new experiences as the seasons change or special events happen .
The new Aibo is as much a service as it is an entertainment device , and it wo n't be the last one from Sony . The company announced separately that it 's `` steadily advancing multiple other initiatives in the AI and Robotics field . ''
One exercise included a slide board with a stretchy band that attached to one ankle . Kevin Alston tried to describe the move , bending awkwardly in a squatting position .
“ I do n't know what it 's called , ” he said , continuing his re-enactment while staring at the ground and balancing on one foot . “ You kind of have to do a squat and lunge and pull back up , but you 're balancing at the same time . It 's tough and it puts a lot of strain on your hamstring , but it 's good . ”
Alston spent weeks doing a variety of exercises he described as “ crazy , ” “ hard ” and “ really good for you ” while he recovered from a hamstring injury suffered during Orlando City 's preseason .
He was back on the Lions ' game-day roster for the first time two weeks ago as a substitute against the New York Red Bulls .
“ They can test left to right and what angles and what percentages your muscles are putting out , ” Alston said . “ So once they did that , they knew what exercises they needed to do to kind of fix that specific area . It was a process and it took some time , but , ya know , I think they got it right .
“ Getting back on the field , I feel better than ever . ”
Lions sports performance specialist Silas Waszczuk worked intensely with Alston , as he now is with Kaká and other injured players , building up Alston 's strength and correcting his imbalances .
Alston called Waszczuk — who was a former athletic trainer for A.C. Milan and followed Kaká to Orlando — a guru in the gym , extremely involved and corrective of even slight errors in technique or positioning .
“ He has all these exercises that he pulls out of nowhere , and he 's like a slow counter too , so when he says five seconds , it 's a slow five seconds , ” Alston said laughing .
After his body healed , Alston needed to get back to match fitness , so he played with Orlando City B , getting three starts and 244 minutes with the United Soccer League team .
OCB is in its second year and Alston said it was a valuable tool in his recovery .
He returned to a first team slightly different than the one he left , however . He and Rafael Ramos were the team 's main right backs before the 2017 season began , but when Ramos went down with a hamstring injury as well ( he 's still not back ) , the club went out an signed someone else .
Enter Scott Sutter — the Swiss-English defender who 's started the past two matches at right back for the Lions .
Alston does n't seem to mind , though .
“ First of all , he 's a great guy , great teammates , really nice , lovely accent and he 's doing really well , ” Alston said . “ I think he 's the type of guy who fits the way they want to play . ”
Sutter confirmed that after training Tuesday when he said coach Jason Kreis ' 4-4-2 formation with a diamond midfield provides him the freedom to get forward and participate in the attack , which he enjoys .
“ Jason gives me that anyway , he wants a fullback that attacks , ” Sutter said . “ The diamond allows me to do that well . I 've got more confidence than when I first came here . I was a bit nervous , I 'm not going to lie , but it 's been going well and the guys have been great , so it makes it easy . ”
That may have something to do with the team 's new mentality and identity all the players and coaches have been talking about . The Lions ' philosophy has been described countless ways since the season began .
Alston added to the conversation , saying : “ Our big thing is unity and togetherness and brotherhood . Everybody has a role to play and you play your role to the best of your ability and you just hope your results come . ”
With a 4-1-0 record so far , they have .
ardelgallo @ orlandosentinel.com
The Croatian community group suing Bob Dylan for incitement to racial hatred said it will drop the case if the legendary singer publicly apologises for allegedly comparing Croatians to the Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan .
Dylan faces one year in jail and a fine of €45,000 ( £37,000 ) for incitement to racial hatred and six months in jail and a fine of € 22,000 for racial insult if convicted .
But the lawyer for the CRICCF , the Croatian community organisation in France suing him , said it did not want the the 72-year-old rocker to go to jail and would be happy with an apology .
“ If he apologize we will withdraw the suit , ” Ivan Jurasinovic told the Telegraph . “ The aim is not to hurt anyone but to hopefully have him say that he did n't mean what he said and that he regrets it . ”
“ He is hugely popular in Croatia and it hurts more to be insulted by someone you appreciate , ” he said , adding that his clients had not sought an apology from Dylan before launching their lawsuit .
It was revealed on Monday that Dylan had in November been charged over the alleged insults after a legal complaint from the CRICCF over comments he made to Rolling Stone magazine in 2012 .
The CRICCF was able to take the case in France because the comments were later carried in the French version of the magazine .
Dylan made the remark to Rolling Stone magazine as he talked about how he believed that racism was holding back the United States .
“ If you got a slave master or Klan in your blood , blacks can sense that . That stuff lingers to this day . Just like Jews can sense Nazi blood and the Serbs can sense Croatian blood , ” he said .
Dylan was informed of the charges against him last month when he was in France for a series of concerts and to receive the country 's prestigious Legion d'Honneur , which can be awarded to foreigners considered to have served France 's interests or upheld its values .
Croatia 's Ustashe fascist movement killed hundreds of thousands of Serbs , Jews , and Roma in their concentration camps during World War II . Croatia and Serbia fought after the breakup of Yugoslavia in a 1991-1995 war that left around 20,000 people dead .
Show full PR text
Transit Wireless and Sprint Sign Definitive Deal to Bring Wireless Service to All 277 Underground Subway Stations in New York
Transit Wireless and Sprint ( NYSE : S ) today announced that the companies have finalized their contract to bring Sprint 's wireless voice and data service to the state-of-the-art wireless network in the New York City subway system . Sprint has signed on to the full scope of the project – all 277 underground subway stations . Wireless customers of Sprint , Boost Mobile and Virgin Mobile can expect to begin receiving coverage underground in the 36 stations already online in mid-town Manhattan and Chelsea by early 2014 .
`` Soon , a new large set of people will get access to the benefits of having wireless service in the New York City subway system , '' said William A. Bayne Jr. , CEO of Transit Wireless . `` Bringing on a carrier like Sprint not only serves a wide range of consumers , but also thousands of government agency personnel and first responders who have depended on their reliable service for years . ''
`` As we build out our new network , adding the vast underground New York City subway system brings a whole new level of connectivity to our customers , whether they 're consumers , public safety representatives , first responders or city workers , '' said Greg O'Connor , vice president of engineering at Sprint . `` We look forward to providing an enjoyable connected experience for the 1.65 billion visitors and straphangers who ride the NYC subway annually . ''
Sprint will soon begin to install their equipment in Transit Wireless ' secure Base Station Hotel facilities to bring 3G and 4G LTE service to the 30 stations recently wired in April 2013 , including Times Square , Rockefeller Center , Lincoln Center and Columbus Circle as well as the initial six in Chelsea , which went online in September 2011 . The company will next participate in Phase 2 of the project , which comprises 40 new stations , including Grand Central Station , 34th St. Herald Square and Bryant Park in mid-town Manhattan and stations throughout the Borough of Queens . Phase 2 is expected to be completed in early 2014 .
`` Bringing wireless service into the New York City subway has been a big step forward for our customers , and we 're pleased that even more of them will be able to take advantage of it , '' said MTA Chairman and CEO Thomas F. Prendergast . `` The ability to make and receive phone calls underground is an important improvement for safety and security as well as convenience , and our customers will certainly appreciate it . ''
by Clarence Thomas , past secretary-treasurer for Local 10
For the second consecutive year , the ILWU Local 10 will be withholding its labor for eight hours to commemorate May Day . This May Day , Local 10 is calling for a “ National Day of Mourning ” for Black and Brown unarmed victims of police killings across the country . In 2015 , the May Day theme was to “ Stop Police Terror . ”
Democratic presidential candidate and U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders has been invited to speak May Day . While there is no confirmation as yet , the invitation is being strongly considered by his campaign organizers . Local 10 and the ILWU 's International Executive Board have endorsed his candidacy .
Danny Glover has been campaigning with Bernie Sanders in various states throughout the country and most recently in New York . Glover , actor and activist , raised in San Francisco , will appear at one of the rallies . As a student leader at San Francisco State University , he led the longest student strike in America history , which established the School of Ethnic Studies , and he was a prominent figure in the anti-apartheid struggle .
Also invited speaking is Mike Farrell , cast member of popular TV series M * A * S * H * , a life-long opponent of the death penalty . Farrell has debated and spoken about this issue on many occasions across the country . Additional speakers will include family members of victims of police violence and community , social justice and labor activists .
This year 's May Day festivities include a pre-rally at the Local 10 union hall located at 400 North Point St. in San Francisco Fisherman 's Wharf to be followed by a march and rally at Harry Bridges Plaza near the Ferry Building . The ILWU was born out of the struggle against protesting police violence against maritime workers in all major West Coast ports in the Big Strike of 1934 . The San Francisco Labor Council is supporting ILWU Local 10 's march along the Embarcadero , site of the longshoremen 's battle with police in the Big Strike of 1934 .
May Day , International Workers Day , is a holiday “ born in the USA ” to celebrate labor 's struggle to gain the eight-hour work day . In 1884 , the Federation of Organized Trades and Labor Unions passed a resolution in Chicago declaring that eight hours would constitute a legal day 's work on May 1 , 1886 .
Labor 's struggle to achieve the eight-hour work day faced bloody repression as business-controlled government tried to crush the workers ' movement . The workers were determined to end long hours of brutal exploitation and were victorious .
Local 10 has been in the vanguard of labor in its acts of resistance protesting racial policing . This year 's May Day mobilization is advancing five demands supported by Rev . Clementa Pinkney , South Carolina state senator , church pastor and one of the slain Emanuel 9 of Charleston . Demands include : 1 . End to racist policing ; 2 . Economic justice , a $ 15 living wage now ; 3 . Health care for all , Medicaid expansion ; 4 . Quality education as a basic human right ; and 5 . Voting rights expansion .
Longshore unions can take the lead in building workers ' solidarity to end racist policing and also achieve economic and social justice for the working class as it did in 1886 to achieve the eight-hour work day . If the working class is to be heard , then labor must shut it down . All out for May Day 2016 .
Clarence Thomas , past secretary-treasurer for Local 10 , organizer for previous May Day actions , third generation longshoreman and member of Local 10 for 30 years , can be reached at thomas-clarence @ sbcglobal.net .
Rookie Carson Smith seems like a logical candidate to get a chance with Rodney throwing too many ulcer-inducing games .
When Don Stanhouse was the Orioles ' closer in the late 1970s , he flirted with disaster so often in his save opportunities that manager Earl Weaver dubbed him “ Fullpack . ”
The reference was to the amount of cigarettes Weaver would smoke in the corner of the dugout while watching Stanhouse wriggle out of danger . Or not .
“ He does n't suffer from stress , '' Weaver once said of Stanhouse . “ He 's a carrier . ”
Fernando Rodney would be Lloyd McClendon 's Fullpack , if the Mariners ' manager smoked . He 's most definitely a stress-carrier in the ninth inning of just about any game he enters .
But here 's today 's scoop : Get used to it .
I see no signs McClendon is thinking of making a closer change , though he has a logical candidate in rookie Carson Smith . Before Wednesday 's game – in which Felix Hernandez displayed the only foolproof method of taking the anxiety out of bullpen usage – McClendon reiterated why he 's sticking with his guy .
“ You start playing games with your bullpen and not showing confidence in your players , that 's not very good , '' he told reporters in St. Petersburg , as relayed to me by Ryan Divish . “ That relationship wo n't last very long . ”
I 've been a proponent of patience with Rodney , pointing to his track record as well as stuff that remains , at times , of shutdown quality . Rodney had a nine-game stretch from April 18 to May 8 , for instance , in which he was 6 for 6 in saves with 12 strikeouts in nine innings , a 1.00 earned-run average and .188 opponents ' batting average .
My breaking point has been reached , however . Rodney 's last nine games have been a nearly nonstop ulcer inducer . Opponents have a 1.067 OPS ( on-base plus slugging ) off him in that span , meaning that for the past three weeks , he 's turned his foes into Nelson Cruz or Adrian Gonzalez .
McClendon will not doubt point to the fact , as he has before , that Rodney has the knack of making you sweat , but still converting the save . It 's his trademark , right ? ( Along with the tilted hat and the arrow ; dude has a lot of trademarks . )
Even in Tuesday 's near disaster against Tampa Bay , in which he coughed up a 6-3 lead , Rodney would have miraculously closed down the win had Robinson Cano converted a makeable double play . For all the anxiety he 's caused , Rodney is 61 for 66 in save opportunities since he got to Seattle .
But now he 's living too dangerously . The consistency Rodney eventually found last year has been maddeningly elusive in 2015 . When you give up that many base runners , eventually it 's going to bite you .
What would it hurt to let Smith try to see if his overpowering stuff plays in the ninth inning ? Well , McClendon clearly believes there is indeed a downside . He has said before that if you replace the closer and the replacement fails , you 've got big trouble . But he 's adjusted on the fly at other struggling positions . Why not shake up the closer spot ?
Smith certainly looks like he has closer 's stuff . In 21 innings , he has a 0.86 ERA , allowing just nine hits , with a 24 to 5 strikeouts-to-walks ratio . Those are crazy numbers , and they 've come in a lot of high-leverage situations , too . Smith has two essential closer 's attributes : Swing-and-miss stuff , and the ability to induce ground balls .
Smith looks to me like he has the makeup for the job , too , though of course you never know for sure , particularly with a rookie . McClendon made that point on Wednesday , too , when speaking about Rodney 's resilience .
“ One thing about closers , when people say anyone can close , '' he said . “ Maybe . But can anyone blow a game and come back the next day and have that mentality to close again ? That 's the key , and that 's the tough part .
“ You find out who can close after they blow one and come back the next day . ”
Rodney is heading into unprecedented territory . Only two pitchers in history have recorded more than 30 saves with an ERA higher than Rodney 's current 6.98 : Philadelphia 's Brad Lidge ( 31 saves , 7.21 ERA in 2009 ) , and Colorado 's Shawn Chacon ( 35 saves , 7.11 ERA in 2004 ) . Just five others have 30 or more saves with an ERA over 5 .
Most closers with this kind of numbers get replaced . McClendon believes in faith over fiddling , though he said when he managed in Pittsburgh , there were games he pulled his closer because he did n't like what he was seeing .
“ He 's still my closer , but tonight he did n't have his best stuff . That 's happened , '' he said , hastening to add he thought Rodney 's stuff looked good enough on Tuesday to leave him in .
With Seattle reaching .500 and desperately trying to get back in the race , it seems like a good time to do a little experimenting with Smith . If it does n't work , you can always go back to Rodney . If he 's as strong mentally as McClendon believes , he can deal with it . It 's happened to him before in his career , after all .
But if Smith 's stellar body of work translates to closing situations , well , the Mariners will have shored up one more area of growing concern . And maybe even turn the ninth inning back into a reduced-stress zone .
McClendon , however , appears willing to ride on with his modern-day Fullpack .
The 19-year-old IU sophomore accused of attacking a Muslim woman in Bloomington over the weekend is no longer a student at IU as a result of the incident , according to a university spokesperson .
IU spokesman Mark Land told the Associated Press the university 's dean of students `` dismissed '' Triceten Bickford from the school Monday evening as a `` direct result of what happened over the weekend . ''
Land says that for privacy reasons he can not go into the details of the university 's action against Bickford , but says Bickford 's dismissal from IU `` was n't his choice . '' Bickford is a Fort Wayne resident who had been a sophomore majoring in psychology .
Land says the university wo n't have anything more to say about Bickford , and will `` let the legal process run its course . ''
Bickford is accused of attacking a Muslim woman Saturday night outside a café , yelling racial slurs and strangling her . The FBI Indianapolis office Monday initiated a civil rights investigation into what could be a federal hate crime .
“ He started to yell ‘ White power , ' couple times he yelled 'White power , White power , ' very loud , ” the victim told Eyewitness News . She asked not to be identified .
The verbal assault at a table outside the Sofra Cafe in the 300 block of south Walnut Street in Bloomington , then turned physical .
“ I found him at my neck , like pushing me down , squeezing my neck , and putting my head to the table , ” she said .
A 47-year-old Turkish immigrant in the U.S. 18 years , she said she has never experienced any type of discrimination or racism , let alone an all-out attack .
“ That never happened in my life . He pulled my scarf off , and , if I did n't grab his hands , he could have killed me , '' she said .
She reported pain to her neck , but did not require medical attention . Her 9-year-old daughter was with her at the time of the attack , but was not physically harmed .
`` That 's not who I am . I 'm not a hateful person , '' explained the suspect , Triceten Bickford . “ I love people . I do n't know where that came from , ” he said , referring to the attack .
Bickford was arrested Saturday , then released on $ 500 bond .
`` They 're making me out to be a monster . I 'm just a normal person , '' Bickford said .
Monday afternoon , he was on his way to classes at IU where he was a sophomore majoring in psychology . He said he has no memory of what happened outside the cafe and ca n't imagine why he did what he 's accused of doing . He explained that he did n't take his daily dose of anti-anxiety medicine and had been drinking heavily . A police report indicated his blood alcohol level was .19 , more than twice the legal limit of .08 .
“ I 'm so sorry to that woman . I have no idea who she is , but words ca n't explain how much that -- I 've never hurt someone like that before , ” said Bickford .
The woman said Bickford will have to ask forgiveness - not from her , but from God .
He may also have to ask for forgiveness from a judge . He 'll be in court on Friday facing six charges , including felonies for strangulation and battery on a police officer since he 's accused of biting an officer after being arrested . He also allegedly tried to kick out the windows of the police car .
If the FBI determines it was a hate crime , he could face additional charges .
Indiana is one of five states without a hate crime statute . There is a federal hate crime statute .
An IU spokesperson released a statement Monday regarding the incident . It read :
Europe should refrain from giving lessons to Turkey on migration issue : Juncker
PARIS – Anadolu Agency
AA photo
President of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker on Nov. 25 said Europe should refrain from giving lesson to Turkey on the issue migration , a day after Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan defiantly criticized a major suggestion came from the European side to suspend the country 's accession talks .
Speaking to “ Global Conversation ” program of the Euronews channel , Juncker recalled that Turkey opened its doors for more than three million refugees and has done , along with Jordan and Lebanon , more than what the EU did , thus called on the members of the community to be reasonable with their criticisms .
“ Turkey is a crucial ally , and this is not only because of the refugee crisis . Of course there is an obvious fact that Turkey has hosted more than three million refugees which Europe could not do . Therefore I demand Europe to refrain from giving lessons to Turkey on this matter . Turkey has done more than Europe , along with border countries of Jordan and Lebanon . Thus when talking about this issue , one should be modest , ” said Juncker .
Upon a question on Turkey 's accession talks with the EU , Juncker said “ the real question that should be posed is : does Turkey want to abide by all criteria needed to become an EU member ? I do not think Turkey asks this question to itself . As this question is not asked , there is no answer to it either , ” said Juncker .
On Nov. 25 Erdoğan harshly criticized the voting at the European parliament that suggested the community to halt talks with Turkey concerning its accession , a decades-long aspiration of the country . The European Parliament argued that Turkey 's state of emergency , introduced after the July 15 coup attempt in the country , brought “ disproportionate repressive measures . ”
“ Some 30-40 votes for ‘ no ' and 400-500 votes for ‘ yes . ' What would happen if all of you voted ‘ yes ? ' You never treated humanity honestly and you did not look after people fairly . You did not pick up babies when they washed ashore on the Mediterranean . We are the ones who are feeding around 3.5 million refugees in this country , ” Erdoğan said .
“ You did not keep your promises . When 50,000 refugees turned up at the Kapıkule [ border gate ] you cried out and began to say ‘ What will we do when Turkey opens the border gates ? ' Look , if you go further , those border gates will be opened . You should know that , ” he added .
New Delhi : Senior Congress leader Digvijay Singh Thursday hit back at the BJP-led NDA Government over its assertion that the grand old party had an agenda in coining the term 'saffron terror ' , saying that it would be injustice and inappropriate to link the terrorists using the path of violence to get their demands fulfilled with any religion .
Singh said this is absolutely wrong , adding terrorism has no colour .
`` Terrorism has no colour neither it is green nor saffron , nor do the terrorists have any religion neither they are Hindus nor Muslims . A terrorist is a person possessing a mindset who uses the path of violence to get his demands fulfilled . Whether they ( terrorists ) are Hindus , Muslims , Sikhs or Christians , it would be injustice to link them with any religion , '' he added .
Digvijay Singh 's comments came a day after Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju criticised the Congress led UPA government over the investigation into various terror related cases , alleging that there was an `` agenda '' behind using the terminology `` Saffron Terror '' .
`` The terminology was given by that party as it was `` working with an agenda '' , the minister said while talking to reporters .
He also claimed during the tenure of the UPA government , officers were pressurised to go out of the way in certain cases .
Kiren Rijju also said the the government has not put any pressure on the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) , probing Hindu right-wing terror cases including Samjhauta Express and Malegaon blast cases , to give clean chit to any of the accused .
`` There is no pressure from the government on NIA . All required procedures will be followed in sensitive cases , '' Kiren Rijiju told reporters .
This government will strictly go by the rules , Rijiju said . `` We do n't work with any bad intentions . We do n't pressurise the probe agencies , '' he said .
Earlier , NIA Chief Sharad Kumar said there was no evidence linking arrested Army officer , Lt Col Prasad Purohit , who was chargesheeted in Malegaon 2008 terror case , with the Samjhauta blast case .
The government has been facing criticism on social networking sites for allegedly putting pressure on NIA to take a U-turn in all such cases .
Questions have been raised in certain quarters over certain steps being taken by NIA in allegedly diluting the cases relating to right-wing terror cases .
NIA has filed a charge sheet against eight people in connection with Samjhauta blast case which includes Naba Kumar Sarkar alias Swami Asimanand , late Sunil Joshi alias Sunilji , Ramchandra Kalsangra , Sandeep Dange ( both absconding ) , Lokesh
Sharma , Kamal Chauhan , Amit and Rajender Choudhary .
The case pertains to the criminal conspiracy which resulted in bomb blasts in the Attari Express ( Samjhauta ) train near Panipat , Haryana on February 18 , 2007 .
This blast and the consequent fire in the train coaches resulted in the loss of 68 lives and injuries to 12 train passengers , including women and children .
The other case , in which Purohit is an accused , pertains to bombing in Malegaon area of Maharashtra on September 29 , 2008 .
A blast rocked the area in which four persons were killed while several others injured . The probe was initially conducted by the Maharashtra ATS and later handed over to NIA .
Besides Purohit , Pragya Singh Thakur , Shivnarayan Kalsangra , Shyam Sahu , Ramesh Upadhya , Sameer Kulkarni , Ajay , Rakesh Dhawade , Jagdish Mhatre , Sudhakar Dwivedi , Sudhakar Chaturvedi and Pravin Takalki have been arrested .
Ramaji Kalsangra and Sandeep Dange , who are absconding accused in the Samjauta blast case , have also been chargesheeted in this case .
This review is more about giving kudos to Best Buy 's Steelbook Edition , than praise for the movie itself or the effort that Summit put into it . As for this retailer exclusive , Best Buy did a great job all around : genuine `` Steelbook '' case , not the cheaper made Metalpaks that some releases get ; an all inclusive release that is n't missing anything from the standard release and even includes the 3D BD ; all without charging a premium for the case , which is always a dealbreaker for us , unless the film is a particular favorite . BB still needs to work on their packaging , but ours arrived without any dents or broken latches this time . As for the movie , think Clash/Wrath of the Titans , but based on Egyptian Myth , rather than Greek . Very loosely based , I 'm sure . It 's a fantasy world , from a time before time , and all that , that 's not likely to have too much in common with accredited lore . But , unlike Greek Myth , for people who think there 's more to ancient writings than utter fiction and superstitious nonsense , who think that a people who could build the pyramids could hardly be as naïve and unenlightened as some have to believe to explain away their own narrow notions of life , yet then preach that it must have been aliens from another world ... For people who do n't think science is the answer to everything , Egyptian lore has some curious parallels to written history . While this film presents those in typical Hollywood Blockbuster fashion , with little depth or dignity , it has it 's intellectually intriguing moments , and can be just as fun and visually arresting as what we 've seen of films from Greek lore in recent years . But , again , the 5 stars are for BB 's exclusive edition , not the film .
Read more
He pointed to the drama “ Prime Suspect , ” a conspicuous flop for NBC last fall . “ At Showtime , ‘ Prime Suspect ' would have been picked up in the third episode and declared a hit , ” Mr. Greenblatt said .
Photo
Mr. Reilly said much the same thing about the disastrous debut of the Fox drama “ Lone Star ” last year . “ If I was still at cable , I would have gotten genius points ” for that show , he said .
Both “ Prime Suspect ” and “ Lone Star ” drew audiences of about three million , tiny by network standards , but substantial for cable , making it possible to declare a network failure a hit for cable .
The programmers ' commitment to reshaping network strategy is most apparent in their move toward introducing series in more aggressive ways . For example , ABC 's plan for its new horror drama , “ The River , ” calls for its pilot episode to be shown on numerous Internet outlets , including YouTube and Hulu , as well as in movie theaters in several cities and on college campuses .
“ We feel strongly that presampling is a great thing to do , ” Mr. Lee said . He and other network executives cited the example this season of the Fox comedy “ New Girl. ” That show was aggressively sampled on Web sites and proved to be such a success on iTunes — where it totaled about two million downloads — that some Fox marketing executives feared those might have undercut the ratings for its premiere on the network .
Instead , the show was a breakout ratings hit .
“ What we have found again and again , ” Mr. Lee said of ABC 's experiments in sampling , “ was that the amount of buzz you create from somebody who loves the show and will talk about it on Facebook is going to give you far more audience than it takes away . ”
That is certainly what NBC is hoping for with its most promoted show of the year , the musical drama , “ Smash. ” Mr. Greenblatt tried to ease some of the pressure on “ Smash ” by saying , “ You need four or five shows to start to turn things around . ‘ Smash ' could be one of those . I hope it is one of those . If it is n't , you know , it 's not like we 're going to go into receivership . ”
Photo
But he conceded that NBC , in clear need of a game-changing show , plans a “ full court press ” of promotion , including a heavy presence during the network 's coverage of the Super Bowl — one day before the “ Smash ” premiere on Feb 6 .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The all-out effort began with screenings of the pilot episode in 10 cities on Jan. 9 . NBC also will make the pilot available on other downloading and streaming platforms starting Monday , including XFinity , iTunes , Amazon , Xbox , PlayStation , Voodoo and Samsung Media Hub . Then , a week before the premiere , NBC will start making it available for streaming on NBC.com and Hulu .
“ We 're doing everything we can think of to generate buzz for this show , ” Mr. Greenblatt said .
“ Smash ” also will benefit from being able to run straight through on Monday nights for 15 episodes — with no disruptive breaks filled with repeats . Several other midseason shows will do the same thing , like the sci-fi family drama “ Touch ” on Fox , with 13 episodes . “ The River ” will try to grab viewers with an eight-episode miniseason .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Mr. Reilly said this scheduling — which is essentially how cable networks schedule their programs — had a chance to gain traction at the networks .
“ I 'd like to try it , ” Mr. Reilly said . “ I do think we 're at a place where the 13-episode pattern is appealing . There are a lot of shows that would be better off creatively doing fewer than 22 episodes and the viewers would probably enjoy them more . When you sit down to 13 from the get-go , the end is in sight , so it feels doable . ”
One network , CBS , does not have a program chief who graduated from cable and has no plans for short-run , cable-style series or free giveaways of pilots . Why ? CBS is sailing along , knee-deep in hits , holding to the same network course it has always followed .
“ The philosophy we live by is : if it ai n't broke do n't fix it , ” said Nina Tassler , the president for entertainment at CBS . “ We 're doing something right , and not just good enough to get by . We 're doing really well . ”
Formula Renault 2.0 racer Luke Chudleigh has switched from Tech 1 to Fortec Motorsports for the 2015 season , launching an assault on the Eurocup and NEC series .
The Canadian has spent his first two years in single-seaters in the Alps championship with Tech 1 Racing , finishing 24th in the standings in 2013 and then improving to 12th last season , claiming the best finish of fourth at Spa-Francorchamps .
“ I 'm absolutely ecstatic about racing with Fortec this season , ” said the 19-year-old .
“ We pushed hard in the off season to ensure everything was lined up for 2015 . This season is sure to be something special .
“ A new atmosphere and heavy race calendar gives us a great platform to do work together , the atmosphere at Fortec is exactly what I needed and in the end it is a perfect match . I feel more confident than ever-2015 is going to be a killer . ”
Chudleigh is Fortec 's third confirmed driver for the coming NEC season , joining Force India 's karting ace Jehan Daruvala and FR1.6 NEC graduate Ferdinand Habsburg . He joins Ben Barnicoat in the team 's Eurocup line-up .
2015 Formula Renault 2.0 NEC line-up so far
The Broderers Of St Paul 's Cathedral
Anita Ferrero
Like princesses from a fairy tale , the Broderers of St Paul 's sit high up in a tower at the great cathedral stitching magnificent creations in their secret garret and , recently , Contributing Photographer Sarah Ainslie & I climbed up one hundred and forty-one steps to pay a visit upon these nimble-fingered needleworkers .
‘ There are fourteen of us , we chat , we tell stories and we eat chocolate , ' explained Anita Ferrero by way of modest introduction , as I stood dazzled by the glittering robes and fine embroidery . ‘ It 's very intense work because the threads are very bright , ' she added tentatively , lest I should think the chocolate comment revealed undue levity .
I was simply astonished by the windowless chamber filled with gleaming things . ‘ There are thirteen tons of bells suspended above us , ' Anita continued with a smile , causing me to cast my eyes to the ceiling in wonder , ‘ but it 's a lovely sound that does n't trouble us at all . '
Observing my gaze upon the magnificent textiles , Anita drew out a richly-embellished cope from Queen Victoria 's Jubilee . ‘ This is cloth of gold ' she indicated , changing her voice to whisper , ‘ it ceased production years ago . '
‘ There are still wonderful haberdashers in Kuala Lumpur and Aleppo , ' she informed me as if it were a closely-guarded secret , ‘ I found this place there that still sold gold thread . If someone 's going to Marrakesh , we give them a shopping list in case they stumble upon a traditional haberdashery . ' Next , Anita produced a sombre cope from Winston Churchill 's funeral , fashioned from an inky black brocade embroidered with silver trim , permitting my eye to accommodate to the subtler tones that can be outshone by tinsel .
In this lofty chamber high above the chaos of the city , an atmosphere of repose prevails in which these needlewomen pursue their exemplary work in a manner unchanged over millennia . I was in awe at their skill and their devotion to their art but Anita said , ‘ As embroiderers , we are thankful to have a purpose for our embroidery because there 's only so many cushions you can do . '
I walked over to a quiet corner where Rachel Rice was stitching an intricate border in gold thread . ‘ I learnt my skills from my mother and grandmother , and I always enjoyed sewing and dressmaking but that 's not fine embroidery like this , ' she admitted , revealing the satisfaction of one who has spent a life devoted to needlework . Yet she qualified her pride in her craft by admitting her humanity with a weary shrug , ‘ Some of the work is extremely tedious and it 's never seen . '
‘ We are all very expert but our eyesight is fading and a few of us are quite elderly , ' confided Anita , thinking out loud for the two of them as she picked up the story and exchanged a philosophical grin with Rachel . Nowhere in London have I visited a sanctum quite like the Broderers chamber or encountered such self-effacing creative talents .
‘ We not so isolated up here , ' emphasised Anita , lifting the mood with renewed enthusiasm , ‘ Most people who work in the Cathedral know we 're here . We often do favours for members of staff , taking up trouser hems etc – consequently , if we have a problem , we can call maintenance and do n't have to wait long . '
I was curious to learn of the Broderers ' current project , the restoration of a banner of St Barnabas . ‘ He 's the one saint I 'd like to meet because he 's called ‘ The Son of Encouragement ' – he looks like a nice guy , ' confessed Anita fondly , laying an affectionate hand upon the satin , ‘ We 're restoring the beard of St Barnabas at present and we 're getting Simon the good-looking Virger up here to photograph his beard . '
Rachel Rice - ‘ I learnt my skills from my mother and grandmother '
Sophia Sladden
Margaret Gibberd
‘ As embroiderers , we are thankful to have a purpose for our embroidery because there 's only so many cushions you can do . '
Judy Hardy
‘ We chat , we tell stories and we eat chocolate .. '
Virger Simon Brears is the model for the beard of St Barnabas
View from the Triforium
Photographs copyright © Sarah Ainslie
You may catch a glimpse of the Broderers for yourself by taking a Triforium Tour at St Paul 's Cathedral . Additionally , there are occasionally opportunities to join the Broderers , so if you have embroidery , dressmaking or mending skills , please email khart @ stpaulscathedral.org.uk
ADVERTISEMENT :
Check out our Pro Tour preview over here , and join us for round to round coverage in live blog style below all day .
Round 8 : Brad Nelson , on G/R Goggles , is the only other undefeated player at 8-0 . Pyromancer 's Goggles could easily climb if this deck makes Top 8 , having demonstrated usefulness in multiple shells . Could end up over $ 15 , supply is low .
Round 8 : LSV ( BG Aristocrats ) vs. Valentin Mackl ( Bant Company )
In game 1 , LSV only hits a Catacomb Sifter on his first Collected Company , but does manage to get a Nantuko Husk in play the turn after . Zullaport Cutthroat joins the team while Mackl fields a bevy of his value creatures to try and create the pressure necessary to keep Luis off of his combo . A mid-game Westvale Abbey activation gets the dangerous demon With many portions of this deck under $ 1 , Cryptolith Rite and Liliana , Heretical Healer may absorb the spike potential .
ADVERTISEMENT :
Game 2 finds a similar board state , with LSV 's deck outpacing the board presence of the Bant Company deck . With Mackl 's relative lack of removal , LSV is free to pursue his flood and sacrifice plans , and Mackl falls to the only 8-0 record of the day .
Michael Majors ( U/W Humans ) vs. Christian Calcano ( Bant Company )
The players split the first two games . In Game 3 Majors has three copies of Always Watching on the table , making his army of white creatures fairly menacing to Calcano on 4 life , despite the presence of both Nissa and Jace in planeswalker mode and set of reasonable blockers . Calcano manages to stabalize , and as time is called he finds a Tragic Arrogance off the top to clear out the board , including two of the Always Watching copies . Calcano keeps a Lumbering Falls , a Sylvan Advocate and his Nissa , Sage Animist vs. a Thraben Inspector and a single Always Watching . Swinging in Calcano thinks he has it , but Avacyn off the top for Majors leads to a definitive block and Majors is able to take the game on the crack back ! Major goes to 7-1 .
Deck Tech # 4 : Adam Jensen ( Mardu Control )
This deck is running four copies of Goblin Dark Dwellers to leverage the many removal spells , Read the Bones and Transgress the Mind .
Round 7 : LSV ( BG Aristocrats ) vs. Jeremy Dezani ( Abzan Company )
LSV 's deck uses Cryptolith Rite to good effect , being able to tap his creatures for mana , and then sacrifice them to double up . Sexy . Both sides are also on Collected Company , which may well be the card of the tournament . LSV goes over the top on Turn 5 ( ! ) with Ormendahl off of Westvale Abbey and Dezani packs it in for Game 1 . In Game 2 LSV swarms the board again and is able to sac his board to Natuko Husk with two copies of Zulaport Cutthroat in play to take the match .
Justin Cohen ( BG Aristocrats ) vs. Katsuhiro Mori ( Bant Company ) is our second feature match this round .
Brad Nelson ( RG Goggle Ramp ) vs. Christian Calcano ( Bant Company )
Nelson takes Game 1 off camera . In Game 2 Nelson gets a Dragonlord Atarka on the table , cleans up the board and starts attacking . During the next combat , Nelson casts Fall of the Titans twice ( ! ) off the Pyromancer 's Goggles , surged for a ton and takes the match , moving to 7-0 .
Samuel Tharmaratnam ( Mardu Control ) vs. Kentaro Yamamoto ( Bant Company )
Here we have our first appearance on camera of Nahiri , the Harbinger on camera , alongside Livala , the Preserver out of Samuel 's deck . As we come into the match , the players are tied 1-1 . Linvala goes toe to toe with a mid-game Avacyn , the board goes clear , and Samuel follows through with a Chandra , Flamecaller and a Goblin Dark Dwellers to reverse the pressure . An awakened Ruinous Path kills Yamamoto 's remaining creature and Tharmaratnam goes to 6-1 .
After Round 6 , only Dezani , Sochurek , Nelson , Mackl , LSV and Calcano are at 6-0 .
Deck Tech # 2 : Eduardo Sajgalik : Demonic Tentacles
Brand-new deck archetype on display using Crush of Tentacles , Demonic Pact and Dark Petition and a bunch of kill spells to control the board and grind out the opponent 's life . Also runs 4 copies of Oath of Jace . Dark Petition has already popped , but keep an eye on Demonic Pact .
Round 6 : Valentin Mackl ( Bant Company ) vs. Shota Yasooka ( Esper Dragons )
Coming into the weekend Bant Company was definitely the deck to beat , with a list that applies pressure and grinds with the best of them . Yasooka is on Esper Dragons in an attempt to control the aggro decks , and dictate the pace of the mid to late game . Sylvan Advocate and Avacyn doing the expected level of work . Shota notables include Jace , Vryn 's Prodigy , Ob Nixilis Reignited , Dragonlord Ojutai and Languish .
In Game 1 a timely Dromoka 's Command puts Shota on the back foot , and he falls to the onslaught of violence from Den Protector and Sylvan Advocate .
In Game 2 Yasooka uses Dragonlord Silumgar to steal a buff Tireless Tracker and beats face in a tempo swing that sees Mackl fold his hand a couple of turns later . Game 3 shows off the power of both builds , with Mackl leveraging Reflector Mage , Avacyn , Nissa and Sylvan Advocate to keep Yasooka on the defensive . Nissa buffs the team , and makes Languish ineffectual from Yasooka . The game grinds on , but an incorrect flip trigger on Avacyn ends up leading to an overwhelming game state in favor of Mackl , who moves to 6-0 .
ADVERTISEMENT :
Round 6 : LSV ( BG Aristocrats ) vs. Jon Finkel ( BG Ramp )
LSV jumps out to an early start and takes Game 1 from one of the greats of the game . In Game 2 , Finkel has trouble finding action and LSV goes to 6-0 to start the tournament .
Deck Tech : Craig Wescoe on Mono White Humans
Wescoe breaks down the desire for multiple buff options in the deck , explaining the shift to three copies of Anafenza , King-Tree Spirit to complement the full four copies of Always Watching . Also running four copies of Declaration of Stone .
Dark Petition is also being bought out , having spiked over $ 8 from $ 1.50 . Will be interesting to see if it can hold that level by generating top table results this weekend . As a potential Modern , Legacy and Vintage card , foils are still available under $ 10 .
Round 5 : Seth Mansfield ( Esper Control ) vs. Jon Finkel ( GB Ramp )
Johnny Magic takes game 1 on the back of Nissa 's Renewal , referring to the card as the current Sphinx 's Revelation , a card that similarly drew cards and gained life a few years back . Mansfield 's deck includes Narset Transcendent and Sphinx of the Final Word . Various cards from the Finkel deck are already spiking on Magic Online , including Tireless Tracker , Dark Petition , The Gitrog Monster , Traverse the Ulvenwald and World Breaker . Look for similar moves in paper if the deck proves its value deeper in the tournament .
Team Eureka is on a GR ramp brew with Pyromancer 's Goggles .
Seasons Past is being bought out as Finkel takes Game 2 and the match .
Off camera Brad Nelson on GR Ramp closes out a game by doing over twenty damage with Fall of the Titans in the presence of a Pyromancer 's Goggles .
Shota Yasooka ( Esper Dragons ) takes down his opponent on GB Aristocrats .
James Chillcott is the CEO of ShelfLife.net , The Future of Collecting , Senior Partner at Advoca , a designer , adventurer , toy fanatic and an avid Magic player and collector since 1994 .
ADVERTISEMENT :
About
Even if this page is written in English , Cy-Co the board game and the rules are written in English as well as in German .
Auch wenn diese Kampagnenseite englischsprachig ist , so sind die Regeln des Brettspiels sowohl in Englisch als auch Deutsch verfasst . Eine detailliertere deutsche Beschreibung des Spiels findet sich auf www.cy-co.com
Cy-Co - The Western Cyberpunk Board Game
Humankind has come to an end . Only the Robo Sapiens remain . Robots.There was only one choice left : they build their own society . But in the absence of men a power vacuum emerged . Law and order were lost . And despite its technological advance , the west became wild again . So the Robo Sapiens created their own law men : the Cyber-Cops , Cy-Cos for short .
Cy-Co is a round-based board game in which the players play alternately actions with their hand cards and thus control their characters and direct them across the playing field . In a classic western showdown the law keeper Cy-Co confronts his nemesis Crime Evil , who is trying to take revenge on the civilians of New Cytex .
With their actions the characters move across the game board , load their weapons , shoot each other and jump through walls of the three-dimensional buildings of New Cytex .
The arrangement of buildings on the board can be altered from game to game , changing the city 's appearance and thus changing the playing conditions each game .
A game takes about 30-45 min . The rules can be explained within 5 min , but offer many tactical possibilities for both casual gamers and real board game geeks .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Below you will find :
Pledge Levels
Add-ons
Stretch Goals
Social Goals
Gameplay & Rules
Avatars
Shipping Information
About Villain Games
For Glory
We will create a special thank-you page for all our backers on our Cy-Co website . Your name will be added to the list of official backers .
Law Keeper
You will receive one copy of Cy-Co - The Western Cyberpunk Board Game with all stretch goals for Law Keeper and higher and all unlocked Exclusive Cards . Also includes the reward of the For Glory pledge .
The buildings consist of four walls each . The walls can be put together to assemble the houses . Once you have build up the buildings you can store them in the game box , so they are ready for the next game .
Please note : The artwork of five buildings and of the life and enery tokens will be done after the campaign ends .
Exclusive Cards
There will be other `` Boost '' and `` Qickdraw '' action cards in coming expansions with different stats . The offered Kickstarter exclusive cards have higher stats than the expansion cards and will never be printed again . So this is your one-shot chance to get this unmatched cards . Make your characters even more heroic !
shopkeeper
This pledge is for retailers only . Receive 4 copies of Cy-Co - The Western Cyberpunk Board Game for a special price . You have to submit a copy of your business license . Also includes the reward of the For Glory pledge .
Street Thug
Your name , nickname or short message will be added as graffiti on a wall of a building in the final version of the game . Limited to 25 characters . No offensive , political or illegal content . The shorter your text the more detailed it 's going to be designed . Also receive a copy of Cy-Co - The Western Cyberpunk Board Game . Includes the reward of the For Glory pledge .
Wanted
Be illustrated as a wanted villain on a poster . Our illustrator will create a black and white portrait of you based on a submitted photo . The wanted poster will be printed on a wall of a building in the final version of the game and will have a height of approximately 2-3 cm . Also receive a copy of Cy-Co - The Western Cyberpunk Board Game . Includes the reward of the For Glory pledge .
Additionally you can fund for the Art Print Add-on to get your illustration on a Din A4 poster ( 297 x 210 mm ) . Details below in the Add-on section .
Extra
Be fully illustrated as an extra in the game . You will be a citizen of New Cytex standing in front of a building . Your illustration will be printed on a building in the final version of the game and will have a height of approximately 3,5 - 4 cm . Also receive a copy of Cy-Co - The Western Cyberpunk Board Game . Includes the reward of the For Glory pledge .
It just was only last week that we got word that actress Yvonne Craig had signed a licensing agreement with DC Comics parent Warner Bros. to allow the production and sale of new merchandise and other products -- the first in literally decades -- based on her likeness as Batgirl , one of the most beloved figures from the great Batman television series of the 1960s . It would seem that preparations were well underway before the announcement , because today DC has confirmed the first appearance of Craig 's Batgirl in the pages of its startlingly good comics series Batman '66 . On sale this week , the story will be written by the book 's ongoing writer Jeff Parker and feature artwork by ComicsAlliance favorite Colleen Coover , who joins cover artist Michael Allred and storytellers Jonathan Case , Joe Quinones and Ty Templeton in making Batman '66 one of the very best looking Bat-books DC has published in years .
Although that was all the way back in 1967 , Craig 's charismatic performance as the independent , plucky and clever daughter of Batman confidant Commissioner Gordon -- who like the Dynamic Duo themselves was unaware of Batgirl 's true identity -- has remained the prevailing , iconic vision of Batgirl despite numerous re-imagnings over the years . Her appearance in this week 's new issue of Batman '66 marks the first official Yvonne Craig-related Batgirl material in decades ( a consequence of protracted but recently resolved legal difficulties with the TV show 's producers 20th Century Fox ) which is really quite shocking given the character 's enduring popularity and influence .
Coover and Parker 's story is a solo adventure for Batgirl , who squares off against the Eartha Kitt incarnation of Catwoman . Coover won an Eisner earlier this year for her work on her Monkeybrain Comics series Bandette ( with Paul Tobin ) , and she and Parker previously collaborated on X-Men : First Class . The Batgirl issue of Batman '66 features a variant cover by another CA favorite , illustrator Dave Johnson .
Dave Johnson
Batman '66 is part of DC 's generally very good digital-first initiative , distinguished by the `` DC Digital '' or `` DC Entertainment '' brands and overseen by senior editor Jim Chadwick and SVP - Vertigo and Integrated Publishing Hank Kanalz . Titles include the anthologies Batman : Legends of the Dark Knight and Adventures of Superman , which invite an impressive assortment of new and established writers , artists and cartoonists to tell short stories in their own idiosyncratic styles ; Batman Beyond 2.0 , a continuation of the mythology of the fan favorite Batman Beyond animated series from the 1990s ; Batman : Li ' l Gotham , a light-hearted but routinely gorgeous imagining of Batman 's vast cast of heroes and villains from Dustin Nguyen ; Smallville Season 11 , a continuation of the popular live-action series that actually features Superman in-costume ; Ame-Comi Girls , a series written by Jimmy Palmiotti & Justin Gray and drawn by a large roster of artists that spotlights DC heroines like Supergirl , Batgirl , Wonder Woman and Power Girl as depicted in the manga-influenced PVC figure line from DC Collectibles ; and Injustice : Gods Among Us , an ongoing series written by Tom Taylor based on the video game that DC touts as one of its better sales successes .
In every case , the digital-first line offers fans of these characters and creators a variety of stories and styles with which to enjoy them , and without the strict narrative and aesthetic confines of the publisher 's mainline `` New 52 '' superhero universe , which is important .
Michael Allred and Laura Allred
Batman '66 is arguably the best of the lot , and certainly the best drawn . Coover , Templeton , Allred , Case and Quinones are among the most solid cartoonists working right now , and I was also impressed with issue # 9 's artist Sandy Jarrell , whose work I previously had n't seen . The book is of course an exercise in nostalgia , but it 's also a kind of thrilling redemption for a distinctly weird but brilliant concept of Batman that by most accounts DC editorial hated for many , many years ( and could n't even get into anyway , due to legal questions about the show 's relationship to 20th Century Fox ) . That Batman '66 of all things is one of the best looking Bat books we 've seen in ages also speaks to the built-in coolness of this `` universe , '' and how its unique designs and other characterizations can allow for some genuinely fun superhero cartooning .
The Batgirl issue of Batman '66 goes on sale Wednesday from DC Entertainment and also in the ComiXology , IBooks , Nook and Kindle stores .
Colleen Coover
Colleen Coover
[ Images via TV Guide ]
FOR decades Malaysia 's Islamist opposition party , PAS , has been agitating for the adoption of bloodthirsty Islamic punishments , such as amputations and stonings . It had seemed a forlorn quest . Malaysia is a multi-religious , multi-ethnic country , with Muslims ( most of them ethnic Malays ) accounting for only 60 % or so of the population . The Indian and Chinese minorities and indigenous people from the Malaysian part of Borneo are largely Buddhist , Christian and Hindu . The governing coalition includes parties representing each group . Successive governments , with the backing of Malaysia 's moderate Muslims , have shrugged off PAS 's demands .
Malaysia 's current government , alas , is unlike its predecessors . It lost the popular vote at the most recent election , remaining in power thanks only to assiduous gerrymandering . Since then news has emerged of the looting of hundreds of millions of dollars from a state development agency . Officials in America have indirectly accused Najib Razak ( pictured ) , the prime minister , of pocketing some of the missing money , along with his stepson and others . Mr Najib acknowledges that $ 681m showed up in his personal bank accounts , but says the money was a legal donation , most of which was returned .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Malaysians are disgusted . The scandal has accelerated the decline of UMNO , Mr Najib 's party , among urban voters , so Mr Najib is courting less sophisticated rural Malays . Malaysia already has Islamic courts , to handle disputes among Muslims in matters of family law , such as divorce and inheritance . The government has said it is willing to put to a vote a bill introduced by PAS to expand the Islamic punishments these outfits can prescribe . PAS wants adulterers , for example , to receive as many as 100 lashes with a rattan cane .
The ratchet of imposed piety
UMNO 's sudden turn has created an uproar . Moderate Malaysians , Muslim and non-Muslim alike , are appalled . The idea that their relatively rich and cosmopolitan country might resort to flaying the promiscuous is bad enough ; worse , perhaps , is any concession to a party that suggests such floggings are a step on the path to amputations . Mr Najib has pooh-poohed such talk as alarmist , but Malaysians know all too well that the ratchet of imposed piety turns only in one direction .
No attempt used to be made to enforce rules barring Muslims from consuming alcohol , for example , or having sex outside marriage . Now the religious authorities raid bars and hotels to check the patrons ' religion . The law in effect bars Muslims from converting to other religions , and the Islamic authorities can jail those who stray from the official interpretation of the faith , including Shias . Brides have been dragged out of weddings because a long-absent parent turns out to have registered them as Muslims . Transgender Muslims have been arrested in droves , their very existence seen as an affront to Islam . A pop star was recently detained over a video that appeared—horrors ! —to show dancing in a mosque ( see article ) .
In theory , non-Muslims are exempt from all this . But in practice they can be dragged into the Islamic courts , too . For instance , a Hindu man who was worried that he would lose custody of his children in an impending divorce converted to Islam . The Islamic courts , as is their wont , handed the kids to the Muslim parent , stoking outrage among minorities .
Mr Najib 's implicit embrace of the idea that the government must enforce a dour version of Islam has two baleful consequences , beyond the distress of those persecuted by the religious authorities . First , it emboldens the country 's most reactionary Muslims . In a recent survey , an alarming 11 % of Malaysians said they had a “ favourable view ” of Islamic State . Police recently arrested three Malays planning to mark Malaysia 's national day with attacks on nightclubs and a Hindu temple . Second , the increasing emphasis on Islam threatens the social compact that underpins Malaysian society . Indians and Chinese must already put up with an elaborate system of official handouts and preferences for Malays . By championing Islam , the government is heightening the sense that minorities are second-class citizens . The country was riven by race riots in the 1960s , before Mr Najib 's father , Abdul Razak Hussein , put together the multi-ethnic coalition that has kept the peace ever since . It would be ironic , and tragic , if Mr Najib undid his father 's legacy to preserve his own career .
In a previous One Trek Mind column , # 18 , I discussed how a certain ion storm in the Halkan system changed me from being a Trek-curious youth into a full-fledged fanatic . “ Mirror , Mirror ” remains my favorite TOS episode ( perhaps for sentimental reasons , who knows ? ) and the Mirror Universe is one of my favorite things about the Star Trek franchise .
This week marks the 18th anniversary of the Star Trek : Deep Space Nine episode “ Through The Looking Glass. ” ( Yes , it 's old enough to fight the Dominion , but too young to have a glass of kanar . ) It was the second DS9 episode to traverse into the Mirror Universe , proving that the episode “ Crossover ” was n't just a one-time nod to “ Mirror , Mirror. ” All told , there would be five DS9 Mirror Universe episodes , plus two on Enterprise , as well as a string of novels and comics . And thank the Prophets for that , because that led to this artist 's rendering of Mirror Universe Saavik !
With this wealth of parallel riches , we figured this was a good time to try and nail down the 10 most awesome things about the Mirror Universe .
10 – The Tantalus Field
Part of what makes the Mirror Universe such fertile imaginative soil is that it is a limited concept . It 's everything you know , just reversed . Except for a few things – like technology .
One gizmo they have on “ the other side ” is a powerful weapon called the Tantalus Field Device . Basically , it 's like a closed circuit television that takes anyone you want to make disappear and zaps them into oblivion . ( Okay , the science behind this one was always a little vague . ) The Tantalus Field is a plot device taken straight from eight-year-olds playing in the back yard , but its influence on the alternate history of the Mirror Universe was lasting .
9 – Empress Hoshi Sato
Much like Reg Barclay , Hoshi Sato is a character upon which to project our fears . A natural at languages and dialects , but not so much for spacefaring adventure . It stands to reason her opposite counterpart would be an absolute killer .
In the Mirror Universe , where being cutthroat is the only key to success , Hoshi eventually manipulates her way into the early Terran Empire 's version of the Iron Throne . At first , she seemed merely to be the “ Captain 's Woman , ” but after a few crosses and double-crosses ( and poisoning Mirror Jonathan Archer ) she comes out on top and in command . And wearing a half-shirt .
8 – Brunt
The ins and outs of the Mirror Universe factions can be a little complicated , especially when the characters in them are n't 100 % good or bad . Case in point , Liquidator Brunt of the FCA ( in our world ) is a mercenary over there – and one who driven by his love for Ezri Tigan ( more on her in a bit . ) He 's working for the Klingon-Cardassian Alliance , even though he sympathizes with the Terran Rebellion created by ( Mirror ) Sisko .
Brunt 's death at the hands of Intendent Kira Nerys ( again , more on her in a bit ) was proof that the Mirror Universe meant business – and that viewers could never feel too sure about how things were going to end up .
7 – Smiley
Even in the Mirror Universe , Chief O'Brien is basically a good guy . His kidnapping of ( our ) Captain Sisko in “ Through the Looking Glass ” may not be the optimal method , but his goal of freeing the enslaved Terrans at the hands of the Klingon-Cardassian Alliance is a noble one .
A little grouchier on that side ( hence the nickname Smiley ) , we only wish that he could have worn the eye patch from “ Our Man Bashir ” while he was engaging in acts of piracy . Oh well .
6 – That Insignia !
The Terran Empire is nothing without its incredibly badass ( albeit frightening and anti-humanist ) insignia . A dagger through the Earth ? Um , wait , how does this ingratiate you to your people again ? I mean , yes , some actual flags of today include a sword , but not piercing the planet upon which we all live .
Nevertheless , the Mirror Universe does n't just have some terrific graphic design , it also makes sure that its female crew-members , even bridge officers , show an unlikely amount of skin . We 've got mixed feelings about the politics behind this , but from an aesthetic point of view , it is hard to find much fault .
5 – Mirror Odo 's Death
Nothing about a dying Odo in any Universe makes me happy . However , if you got ta go , you wan na go big . To that end , let 's salute the episode “ Crossover , ” which , as mentioned earlier , proved that the Mirror Universe was no joke , ready to kill characters that were contractually obligated to live in our world . With the rules loosened a bit , however , we now know what happens to a Founder when he ends up on the wrong side of a phaser blast . It ai n't pretty .
4 – The Agony Booth/Handheld Agonizers
“ Fear will keep the local systems in line ” is the key phrase of the Grand Moff Tarkin 's leadership doctrine , if I may quote from another Star franchise . The Terran Empire is well aware of this method of motivation . Each crewman of the ISS Enterprise wears a little red doohickey called an “ agonizer , ” and if they screw up their superior officers are compelled to take it and use it deliver punishment .
When they REALLY get too big for their britches ( as Mirror Chekov does ) , no mere handheld device is going to do the trick . A session in the awesomely named “ agony booth ” is reserved for serious offenders .
3 – Intendant Kira Nerys ( and her silver pants ) .
Major Kira Nerys is a warm , wonderful woman filled with life and joy and good cheer to her friends . She has a dark past , that of a freedom fighter/terrorist , but she struggles through that with hard work , her Bajoran faith and her personal relationships . As such , it is only natural that her Mirror Universe counterpart should be ruthless , manipulative and cold . But . . . seductively so .
In one of the more striking recurring characters in all Trek , Intendant Kira Nerys oversaw the operation of Terok Nor for the Klingon-Cardassian Alliance , and was a violent and sexually voracious woman . In addition to having an eye for ( Mirror ) Sisko and Ezri Tegan , she found a true object of her lust in herself , naturally , when our Kira crossed over .
Considering that she wore the pants on the station , it is only ( form ) fitting that she get a very telegenic pair to wear .
2 – Mirror Spock ( and his beard . )
Before “ Mirror , Mirror ” ever has a chance to explain itself , its visuals let us know the score . Spock has a beard , and we know he is evil . While the facially hirsute version of a character signifying evil has now become a cliché ( to the point that Spock 's Beard is the name of a prog supergroup ) , we should n't lose the character for the goatee – Mirror Spock , with or without the beard , is fascinating .
And . . .optimistic . Since he is a creature of logic , he eventually realizes that an Empire can not rule by fear and violence indefinitely . He realizes that peace , harmony , exploration , IDIC and all the other Roddenberry ideals are , eventually , the only way to go . The fact that logic and goodness is a universal constant in any timestream is something that should inspire us .
Of course , Spock 's eventual use of the Tantalus Device in rising through the Terran Empire 's ranks leads to some unforeseen problems , but that 's why they make television shows .
1 – The Fact That It Is Real
I 'll need a theoretical physicist to check my work on this one , but here goes . The fifth dimension , which folks like Stephen Hawking believe to be real , posits what “ Mirror , Mirror ” and , eventually , episodes like TNG 's “ Parallels ” show – that there exists an infinite amount of universes out there in which all permutations of all possible outcomes are true .
This means ( now bear with me ) that somewhere out there ( down the timeline a bit , but we know space and time to be one and the same ) there exists a world where all the things Gene Roddenberry and his writers ( and the writers that followed ) predicted actually happened . Or will happen . It 's true ! ( I think . ) Therefore , it makes perfect sense to me that there is a REAL Intendant Kira out there in shiny silver pants having illicit sex on a space station somewhere .
( Also , see recent IDW Star Trek Ongong Comics # 18 and # 19 to see Scotty and Bones have a ridiculous conversation along these very lines . The Scotty and Bones from the recent J.J. Abrams movie , of course , because , like I said , there are an infinite amount of timelines out there . )
Okay , bearded ones , did I do justice to the might and ferocity of the Terran Empire ? Or would you rather I disappear myself in a Tantalus Field Device . Let me know your picks for best of the Mirror Universe below .
_______________________________
Microsoft 's Xbox One console will come with a new and more advanced version of its Kinect sensor , which is required to be plugged into the console for the Xbox One to work . However , many people have voiced concerns that the Xbox One 's hardware might be set up so that the Kinect device could be used to spy on users , even if the console itself was not being used .
Now Microsoft is trying to calm the fears of those folks . Kotaku reports that , according to a Microsoft spokesperson , the new Kinect hardware that will come with the Xbox One will have `` simple , easy methods to customize privacy settings . '' Microsoft also says it will provide full information on how data that is collected by the Kinect will be stored , used and shared by the company .
The spokesperson added :
We know our customers want and expect strong privacy protections to be built into our products , devices and services , and for companies to be responsible stewards of their data . Microsoft has more than ten years of experience making privacy a top priority . Kinect for Xbox 360 was designed and built with strong privacy protections in place and the new Kinect will continue this commitment . We 'll share more details later .
For those owners who want full privacy protection from the Xbox One , Microsoft also confirms it will have what should be a pretty obvious feature . The console and the Kinect hardware can be turned completely off , using no power .
Source : Kotaku | Image via Microsoft
We suspect there 's going to be a lot of interest in Nvidia 's GeForce GTX 1070 when it hits retail later this week ( June 10 ) , and rightfully so—it 's faster than a Titan X and costs half as much . Equally intriguing are the rumors that Nvidia might use the same Pascal GPU variants for its mobile offerings . That notion gained some steam when a picture emerged showing a Colorful brand motherboard with an integrated GP104-200 GPU .
The photo was taken by LG Nilsson at Computex , who sent the shot to Videocardz.com . The aforementioned GPU , which is the same from the desktop GeForce GTX 1070 , is shown sitting in a B150 chipset motherboard surrounded by mounting holes for the cooler and flanked by memory chips .
It does n't appear to be a standard ATX motherboard . Assuming the photo is real , the board is likely destined for some type of custom PC , perhaps a small form factor gaming system . Due to the placement of the GPU , it does n't have any PCI Express 3.0 x16 expansion slots , though there are what appear to be a couple of mini-PCI ports for SSDs and/or a Wi-Fi module .
For the CPU , there 's an LGA 1151 socket for Skylake and forthcoming Kaby Lake processors . To the right are a pair of SO-DIMM memory slots .
Getting back to the graphics , the downside to having the GPU integrated onto the motherboard is that if it goes bad , you have to replace the entire mobo . The same holds true when the time comes for a GPU upgrade . The good news in this case is that the GeForce GTX 1070 is a potent part that should be able to sustain a few years of high-end gaming before it starts to feel a bit long in the tooth .
Image Credit : LG Nilsson via Videocardz.com
Pierre-Auguste Renoir was born to working class parents , and his artwork shows a love of beauty and an intimate look at the fashionable society of Canterl ... France . He was a leading figure in the Impressionist movement and his work can be found on the walls of college dorm rooms the world over .
Admittedly , Impressionism is not easily meshed with the artwork of MLP , and I may have ultimately failed to capture the style , but I have done my best .
Thank you everypony for following this series . Your support means a lot . I hope I 've been able to express my abiding love for this show that we have all let into our lives .
EDIT : i reduced the overall stippling / blur i had , warmed up the colors , and put a border to make the brush pop more . fixed the brush .
Painted in Photoshop .
This map shows areas of North America where a sounding rocket launch should be visible on Oct. 7 , 2015 .
Update : The NASA sounding rocket blasted off at 7:07 p.m. EDT ( 2307 ) GMT on Wednesday .
A NASA rocket launch on Wednesday ( Oct. 7 ) should give skywatchers in the Eastern United States a real treat , weather permitting .
NASA plans to launch a sounding rocket at 7 p.m. EDT ( 2300 GMT ) on Wednesday from the agency 's Wallops Island Flight Facility in Virginia . If all goes according to plan , the liftoff will produce several multicolored patches of light in the darkening sky that will be visible to many people in the Middle Atlantic and Northeast United States . You can watch the launch live on Space.com , courtesy of NASA TV .
These conspicuous glows will be man-made features — clouds of barium vapor released by the two-stage modified Black Brant IX sounding rocket . [ NASA 's Amazing Small Rocket Launches of 2015 ( Photos ) ]
The rocket will be launched on an east-southeast trajectory , reaching a maximum altitude ( apogee ) of 161 miles ( 259 kilometers ) about 4.5 minutes after it leaves the launch pad at Wallops . About 6 to 6.5 minutes after the launch , on the rocket 's downward leg , as many as four barium clouds will be released over the Atlantic Ocean , at altitudes of between 118 and 130 miles ( 190 to 209 km ) , over a point roughly 125 miles ( 200 km ) downrange from Wallops .
The rocket was originally scheduled to launch this evening ( Oct. 6 ) , but bad weather forced a delay . The launch window runs through Oct. 12 .
The evening of the launch depends on weather conditions at the launch site as well as the presence of clear skies for at least one of two NASA optical tracking stations . Mission updates will be noted on the Wallops launch status line at 757-824-2050 .
Tracer is used to study the ionosphere
Scientists have launched vapor tracers into the upper atmosphere since the 1950s . Such research has greatly aided understanding of the planet 's near-space environment , NASA officials said .
These materials — including barium — make visible the naturally occurring flows of ionized and neutral particles , either by luminescing at distinct wavelengths in the visible and infrared part of the spectrum or by scattering sunlight .
For example , a fraction of a barium cloud ionizes quickly when exposed to sunlight . As a result , the cloud can be used to track the motion of charged particles in the ionosphere , as well as the motion of neutral particles in the upper atmosphere .
A small quantity of strontium will be added to the barium mixture for Wednesday 's experiment , making it easier to track the cloud , NASA officials said . [ Images : Mysterious Night-Shining Clouds ]
Exotic colors
Vapor clouds seemingly explode into view when first released , sometimes blooming so rapidly they resemble fuzzy fireworks .
Depending on the state of the atmosphere , these clouds may appear to expand to several times the apparent size of the moon ; on other occasions , they appear to elongate in a north-south fashion or stretch out into long plumes . Initially , they may appear to glow with prismatic colors , although the primary colors are expected to trend toward bluish-green and purple-red . Since observers must be in darkness while the barium cloud is in sunlight , the technique is limited to observations near sunset , local time .
As a result , the Black Brant IX rocket has a 10-minute launch window beginning at 7 p.m. EDT , about 30 minutes past local sunset , when the sun 's rays will still be coming in from the west to light the clouds at high altitudes .
Depending on atmospheric conditions , the barium clouds could persist for as little as 2 minutes . But they could linger for as long as 20 minutes before fading completely away .
UFO scares
Of course , the sudden and unexpected appearance of several multicolored clouds in the early evening sky might alarm unsuspecting people and lead to a rash of UFO reports . This has happened before .
In March 1967 , for example , NASA launched sounding rockets from Wallops Island , producing an array of colored clouds in the evening sky . On March 31 , 1967 , The New York Times reported that the display `` puzzled thousands of persons '' in the New York area , and also resulted in people along the East Coast calling newspapers and police stations for an explanation of the strange sightings .
The Times also reported that one man `` described the rocket residue as 'twin beams of a giant searchlight playing colors on the sky . ' ''
On Jan. 16 , 1975 , Newsday , a newspaper that serves Long Island , New York , reported a `` ghostly blue-green glow that floated slowly westward '' and produced a flood of phone calls to police , airports and the news media . The newspaper received almost 500 phone calls , 200 of which were logged within 15 minutes after the mysterious cloud first appeared .
`` Some thought it was a flying saucer , '' reported Newsday , adding , `` Others thought it might be a weather balloon or a Russian missile attack .
Where to look for the colored clouds
Remember that the clouds will begin to appear 6 minutes after the rocket leaves the launch pad at Wallops Island . If you live in the eastern United States , direct your attention toward the waters just offshore from Wallops .
For New Jersey , eastern New York and New England , face south or south-southwest .
For central New York , central Pennsylvania , Delaware and much of Maryland , face southeast .
For the eastern third of Virginia , face east . For the eastern third of North Carolina , face northeast .
For places farther to the west and south , the twilight sky will probably be too bright to see the clouds , as it will be too close to sunset .
As to where in the sky to look , the closer you are to Wallops Island , the higher the clouds will appear . Keep in mind that your clenched fist held at arm 's length is roughly equal to 10 degrees .
At a distance of 250 miles ( 400 km ) from Wallops , the highest of the clouds will appear 30 degrees up from the horizon .
At 500 miles ( 805 km ) , the altitude drops to 15 degrees , and at 800 miles ( 1,290 km ) , it 's just 10 degrees ( `` one fist '' ) up in the sky .
The launch of the Black Brant IX rocket itself might be glimpsed for up to several hundred miles from the Wallops Island launch site .
NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility has a handy launch viewing guide for skywatchers here :
http : //www.nasa.gov/centers/wallops/events/viewing_launches.html .
Editor 's note : If you capture an amazing image NASA 's rocket launch that you would like to share with Space.com and its news partners for a story or photo gallery , send photos and comments in to managing editor Tariq Malik at : spacephotos @ space.com .
Joe Rao serves as an instructor and guest lecturer at New York 's Hayden Planetarium . He writes about astronomy for Natural History magazine , the Farmer 's Almanac and other publications , and he is also an on-camera meteorologist for News 12 Westchester , N.Y . Follow us @ Spacedotcom , Facebook or Google+ . Originally published on Space.com .
There 's long been a general skepticism around the league about whether the Nuggets , so exciting and so dominant of late , can translate their regular-season success into true title contention . Three questions drive that skepticism :
1 . Can they score in the clutch ?
2 . Can they score in the half court ?
3 . Can they defend well enough to beat elite offenses four times in seven games ?
Denver has now won 14 straight after an improbable comeback against Philly on Thursday night that had George Karl telling Grantland this morning , “ I woke up a lucky , lucky guy. ” And though the schedule during that stretch has featured plenty of rest , close calls , and bad teams , it 's also brought a handful of showdowns with the Western Conference 's elite — including two wins over the Thunder .
Denver has played top-five-level ball on both sides of the floor during this stretch — sort of necessity for any 14-game winning streak . But dig a bit further , and watch the tape , and there are even more encouraging signs a real contender might be developing in the Rockies : The Nuggets are scoring well in the half court and destroying teams in crunch time .
According to Synergy Sports , Denver has averaged 0.898 points per possession in the half court this season . That 's 13th-best overall — decent , but probably not quite good enough to do serious damage in the playoffs , when the league 's collective pace slows and teams take better care of the ball . But over Denver 's last 20 games , that half-court efficiency number is up to .924 points per possession — the equivalent of the Clippers ' no . 6 overall mark . ( Denver has been even better if you isolate its winning streak . )
There are a lot of things going on here , but Denver 's uptick in half-court scoring really boils down to Ty Lawson 's improved play , Wilson Chandler 's integration into the offense , and the coaching staff 's ability to gradually add a bit of spice and misdirection to Denver 's game . Those last two things are connected ; Chandler 's not a star , but he 's a very creative player who can do lots of stuff in the half court . He 's comfortable as a spot-up guy , but he 's a decent mover off the ball , he sets screens from unpredictable angles , and he 's dynamite at slipping screens on hard cuts into the paint that suck in opposing defenses .
There 's just more flavor now in Denver 's half-court game . They 're using more wing/point guard screens at the start of possessions in order to catch defenses off guard and create mismatches — a tactic the Lakers used against Denver in the playoffs last season :
Karl has Denver using much more screen-the-screener action , where the big man setting a high screen for Lawson ( or for Prof. Andre Miller , PhD ) will take a pick from another Denver player on his way to setting that high screen . Another tweak on that action : plays on which a big man will set a down-screen for a shooter along the wing and then sprint up to set a high screen for a Denver point guard . Watch Kosta Koufos do this on the left side of the floor , and note how far his man ( Kendrick Perkins ) falls behind the play in helping on that first screen :
There are also plays in which one Denver player will sprint up as if he 's going to set a screen , only to dart back down into the paint as Denver 's other big man comes up to set the “ real ” pick for Lawson or Miller :
“ There 's no question we 're trying to get more clever in our five-on-five game , ” says Karl . “ It 's very difficult to play the way we do and execute in [ the half court ] . We have some pick-and-roll stuff that we execute fine , but we 've needed to add some motion stuff and some movement to kind of be more clever . ”
These little pieces of misdirection — screen-the-screener , fake screens , etc . — are designed to keep defenders confused and off-balance , and in turn make it easier for Lawson and Miller to get clean looks out of the pick-and-roll . And that 's really what 's changed for Denver in this stretch : They 're killing it on pick-and-rolls in which the ball handler finishes the play , per Synergy . They 've averaged .959 points per possession on such plays over their last 20 games , a mark that would lead the league by a mile , and way above Denver 's ho-hum season-long average of .816 ( no . 9 overall ) .
Lawson has been on fire from all over the place , but especially from midrange , where he 's shooting 53 percent over his last 15 games after hitting at a sub–40 percent mark over the season 's first 45 or so games , per NBA.com . Miller is a ridiculous 14-of-20 from midrange during Denver 's winning streak . The Nuggets do n't want to take midrange jumpers — they might set the all-time record for points in the paint this season — but such shots are a necessity on some possessions , and Karl is using motion-based trickery to at least make this midrange looks a bit cleaner , he says . “ We do n't like to shoot a lot of jump shots , but we 're getting better looks at them , ” he says . Denver is also using more pin-down sets , where two players will set a monster double-screen for Lawson and then curl down toward the paint to set the same kind of monster double-screen for a wing player ( often Andre Iguodala or Corey Brewer ) for a Rip Hamilton–style catch-and-shoot chance .
And when that catch-and-shoot is n't open , that player will simply continue into the lane , compromise the defense , and try to find an open cutter someplace along the baseline . Nearly 12 percent of Denver 's possessions end with a cutter finishing the play , the highest mark in the league and a nice way of illustrating how Denver has created a robust interior half-court offense without any reliable post-up game .
Oh , and it 's also working in crunch time , Denver 's alleged bugaboo among the “ you need a franchise cornerstone to win a title ” crowd . Denver has been among the league 's two or three best crunch-time offenses all season , regardless of how you define “ crunch time. ” It 's fifth in points per possession in the last five minutes of games in which the scoring margin is at five points or fewer , per NBA.com . Cut that to three minutes/three points , and it 's no . 2 . Two and two ? No . 3 . One minute and one point , the clutchiest of all clutch situations ? Denver is no . 1 in a landslide ( and also in a tiny sample size ) .
And if you watch the tape , you 'll see the Nuggets are getting some very good looks in these situations , along with the usual low-percentage step-backs out of isolations . They 've leaned a lot on the Lawson–Danilo Gallinari pick-and-pop , which has gotten some good shots for both players , created some switches , and drawn enough attention for Prof. Miller to creep unnoticed along the baseline for quick-hitting layups . The Lawson-Chandler pick-and-pop has joined Lawson-Gallinari of late as another crunch-time weapon , and Chandler 's more likely than Gallo to do something unpredictable out of this action — either fake the screen entirely ( see no . 8 here for video ) and pop out for an open 3 , or slip hard toward the rim before really setting the pick .
Chandler has been extremely valuable for Denver , as Brett Koremenos recently pointed out . He 's shooting a career-best ( and probably unsustainable ) 41 percent from deep , and his ability to play power forward has given Karl even more flexibility in running out small lineups — units that have generally been very , very good with Gallinari in the role of small-ball power forward . Karl can even pair Chandler and Gallinari in such lineups , creating units that play both “ big ” and “ small ” at once ; Denver has outscored opponents by a whopping 15.9 points per 100 possessions in the 279 minutes the pair has played together , per NBA.com .
Karl says Chandler is the team 's best help defender , and he had enough faith in Chandler 's defense Tuesday against Oklahoma City to run out an ultra-small lineup that had n't seen the floor for even five minutes before that game : Chandler , Gallinari , Brewer , Lawson , and Prof. Miller . That unit blitzed a small-ball Oklahoma City unit over about 5:30 of playing time , and though Karl said he used it more as a snap response to Oklahoma City playing a small-ball lineup with Durant at power forward and Nick Collison at center , he may have discovered a nice weapon if the two teams meet again . “ I sort of fell into that , ” Karl says . “ I did n't really think about it as much as I was reacting to Scotty [ Brooks ] using Durant and Collison. ” He thought Chandler would be his best defensive option against Collison , since Collison is n't really an interior threat , and Chandler can pressure Collison hard at the elbows and on the perimeter — places where Collison does damage as both a screener and passer .
The lineups provided tremendous spacing for a Denver team that sometimes struggles to generate it ; look at how much room there is on this possession , and how many confusing actions Denver runs before getting to what it really intends to do :
It 's unclear if Denver could really go this small for meaningful stretches against other top Western Conference teams , or even if Karl would risk it against small Thunder lineups featuring Kendrick Perkins or Serge Ibaka at center . But it worked on Tuesday , and everything has been working for Denver of late .
That includes the team 's defense , which has crept to 11th overall in points per possession for the season and has generally improved throughout . Kenneth Faried has slowly improved his positioning and pick-and-roll defense , even if he 's still prone to lapses , and he has unleashed a new level of aggression over the last 20 games , Karl says . The Nuggets are trapping more on pick-and-rolls and in general , often sending Faried from the hoop to double a terrified ball handler beyond the 3-point line . They 're switching even more when they have the right personnel on the floor , and they 've adopted San Antonio 's tactic of sending an extra defender from the baseline to double post-up players , Karl says . “ But who really posts up that much anymore ? ” Karl asks with a laugh . “ You really do n't see it too much . ”
The extra pressure has led to an uptick in forced turnovers and an extra steal or two per game over the last third of the season , per NBA.com . Denver averages 9.3 steals per game overall , second in the league , but they 've swiped an incredible 11.4 per game over the last 15 games , per NBA.com — a number that would blow away the Clippers ' league-leading mark of 9.8 per contest . Of those precious live-ball turnovers , Karl says , “ That 's when we explode . ”
But will that continue when the playoffs start and turnover rates tend to drop league-wide ? It 's a fair question , especially since the thirst for theft fuels some unhealthy gambles — one of Denver 's bad defensive habits that gives it trouble against 3-point shooters . The Nuggets have tightened that up a bit over this winning streak , but it 's unclear if that 's a product of real improvement , random luck , or a schedule that 's brought in a lot of bricktastic long-range teams . “ We do n't even really want to win the 3-point line , ” Karl says . “ We just want it to be a push . ”
The skepticism remains , and until Denver wins a first-round series with this style of play , the questions will be fair game . But the league ca n't ask those questions with the same sarcastic smirk anymore , because the Nuggets have started to answer them in the affirmative .
CLEVELAND ( Reuters ) - An Ohio lawmaker on Tuesday will propose restrictions on exotic animal ownership , four months after the release of dozens of dangerous beasts including tigers and grizzly bears set off a brief panic in rural Ohio .
A sign posted on Interstate 70 warns drivers of animals loose in the area around Zanesville , Ohio October 19 , 2011 . REUTERS/Matt Sullivan
But animal rights activists said the proposed limits on ownership were too little too late .
On October 18 , a man caused a panic by releasing 56 exotic animals , including predators such as lions , tigers , grizzly bears and wolves , and then shot himself . Police hunted down and killed 49 of the animals , six were recovered and sent to the Columbus Zoo and one was apparently eaten by the other animals . One of those sent to the zoo died last week .
Ohio is one of seven U.S. states that lack restrictions on exotic animal ownership . The proposal would eventually ban the private sale and purchase of specific animals considered potentially dangerous .
The difficulty lies in deciding which animals should be restricted and determining how many potentially dangerous exotic animals are in Ohio . For example , the proposal would not ban ownership of venomous snakes or primates .
The proposal will be introduced by Senator Troy Balderson , a Republican who represents the district that includes the Zanesville farm where the animals were released , his spokesman Joshua Eck said on Monday . Ohio still has not said publicly how many exotic animals are held in the state .
The Humane Society said it would prefer an outright ban on all animals , including primates and deadly reptiles , said Debbie Leahy , captive wildlife regulation specialist for the group .
“ It is way past time for Ohio to deal with this issue , ” Leahy said .
Current owners would have to register their animals within 60 days of the law 's passage and they would have until 2014 to comply with the law under the proposal .
The ban would not apply to accredited zoos , research facilities , circuses , private shelters and sanctuaries . Private shelters and sanctuaries would have to be certified and maintain a nonprofit and no-exhibit status , Eck said .
The farm from which the dangerous animals were released would not qualify under the proposal , Eck said .
The other states with no restrictions are Alabama , Nevada , North Carolina , South Carolina , Wisconsin and West Virginia , the Humane Society said .
Thirteen other states ban some species of dangerous captive wildlife but allow others , and 18 states and the District of Columbia do not have outright bans on ownership but require permits for certain species .
Two men were sent to hospital , one in critical condition and one stable , after a violent home invasion in The Maples area of Winnipeg .
Emergency crews rushed to the scene in the 1100 block of Beauty Avenue just after 9 p.m. ( Cliff Simpson/CBC ) Emergency crews rushed to the scene in the 1100 block of Beauty Avenue just after 9 p.m. on Tuesday and found two men stabbed in the upper body .
A CBC videographer on scene said paramedics were seen pumping the chest of one man on a stretcher .
Police taped off an area in front and behind the house and were in the area for several hours , into Wednesday morning .
Officers were seen going in and out of a couple of residences on the street .
No arrests have been made .
Anyone with information is asked to contact investigators at ( 204 ) 986-6219 or Crime Stoppers at ( 204 ) 786-TIPS ( 8477 ) .
Watford have confirmed their squad numbers for the forthcoming Premier League campaign .
A total of 37 players have been listed on the Hornets ' website with a shirt number , with 12 and 17 remaining vacant .
Of the ten summer signings , six have a shirt between one and 11 – Allan Nyom ( 2 ) , Miguel Britos ( 3 ) , Sebastian Prodl ( 5 ) , Jose Manuel Jurado ( 7 ) , Valon Behrami ( 8 ) and Matej Vydra ( 10 ) .
Steven Berghuis is next on the list with number 20 , followed by Jose Holebas ( 25 ) , Etienne Capoue ( 29 ) and goalkeeper Giedrius Arlauskis ( 34 ) .
The full list is :
1 . Heurelho Gomes ( GK )
2 . Allan Nyom
3 . Miguel Britos
4 . Gabriele Angella
5 . Sebastian Prödl
6 . Joel Ekstrand
7 . Jose Manuel Jurado
8 . Valon Behrami
9 . Troy Deeney
10 . Matej Vydra
11 . Fernando Forestieri
12 .
13 . Rene Gilmartin ( GK )
14 . Juan Carlos Paredes
15 . Craig Cathcart
16 . Sean Murray
17 .
18 . Daniel Pudil
19 . Miguel Layun
20 . Steven Berghuis
21 . Ikechi Anya
22 . Almen Abdi
23 . Ben Watson
24 . Odion Ighalo
25 . Jose Holebas
26 . Bernard Mensah
27 . Essaid Belkalem
28 . Connor Smith
29 . Etienne Capoue
30 . Jorell Johnson
31 . Tommie Hoban
32 . George Byers
33 . Lloyd Dyer
34 . Giedrius Arlauskis ( GK )
35 . Josh Doherty
36 . Alex Jakubiak
37 . Alfie Young
38 . Mahlondo Martin
39 . Dennon Lewis
Iowa coach Kirk Ferentz told the Coast-to-Coast radio show on Tuesday night that junior quarterback Jake Rudock remains the Hawkeyes ' starter , but , yes , sophomore C.J . Beathard will play .
Ferentz told the Sirius XM College Sports Nation channels that the two-QB process will be “ something we 'll just have to work through . ”
“ The bottom line is Jake did a great job last year , he won the job outright and was our starter all season long , ” Ferentz said . “ He led us to eight wins and played really great down the home stretch where we won three straight . People always kind of love the second guy , so it 's one of those deals .
“ Jake has done a good job this year . He is still our starter , but , obviously , when C.J . has had the opportunity , he 's gone in and played very well . He played very well at Pittsburgh and played did a good job last week for us on the road . It 's the first time I 've really been involved in a situation like this where we 've got two guys who we think are really good players . They both deserve to play . We 'll just have to figure that out as we go along . ”
Ferentz made reference to 2001 , when returning starter Kyle McCann and Brad Banks , then a first-year player from a Mississippi junior college , shared the job .
“ That 's the only time we 've been really close to this type of situation , ” Ferentz said .
Braden Gall , one of the show 's hosts , asked Ferentz about the differing personalities .
“ It might be safe to say that C.J . shoots from the hip a little bit more , ” Ferentz said . “ But I do n't want to insinuate that he does n't prepare , because he prepares very well . He just has n't played as much . He 's very much invested . He 's a mentally tough guy , a physically tough guy . The ball comes out really quickly .
“ Jake is extremely well-prepared and he has been since he began camp starting a year ago . He 's a very cerebral guy . He 's a good thrower , also . ”
Ferentz talked about the deep ball that Rudock had picked off at Pitt , the one that WR Damond Powell accidentally flipped into the arms of a Pitt defender for an interception . That was a mega-contrast with the one-handed reception that Powell made in the second half that went down as a 62-yard gain in Beathard 's stats .
“ It 's interesting how after that ballgame the perception was that one guy throws the ball deep and the other guy does n't . Perception is a really interesting thing too look at sometimes. ” * * * *
Chris Childers , the other host , asked about the mental aspect , pointing out that Rudock probably began the season without having to look over his shoulder .
Is this even a discussion if Rudock does n't suffer the hip injury in the first half against Pitt ? Probably not . Beathard got one series before Pitt and that came in the first half against Ball State in week 2 . After Iowa State , Ferentz was asked twice about Beathard playing in games . He covered it both times in nine words , with the second being on his radio show and a flat simple “ no . ”
So , this probably is n't a conversation without the injury .
“ We went into the season saying we would play C.J . in every game and we have n't done that , but we have played him , ” Ferentz said . “ The bottom line again is [ they 've played him ] because he 's a good player .
“ Jake , to me , has done nothing to lose his starting job . He 's done everything possible to keep it . He 's played very well . Unfortunately , he got hurt in Pittsburgh and could n't play in the second half . That 's why C.J . went into the game . C.J . did a great job . Jake could 've played last week , but he would not have been full speed . It would not have been fair to put him out there , in my mind . If we had to bring him in to clean up , we could 've done that . You do n't want to put a player out there if they do n't have a chance to perform the way they 're capable of .
“ Our hopes are that he 'll be full speed . Fortunately , we have a bye week right now . He 'll be full speed . I expect him to be our starter a week from now . How we break it down from there is to be determined . He has n't done anything to dimish his value in our eyes . We all love the guy . We have total respect for him . The good news is we have total confidence in both players . I 'm not sure I could 've said that about C.J . eight months ago , but right now , I think everybody feels great about both guys . ”
* * * * — I asked Ferentz about the perception that he does n't like to play young players ( it was n't about QB , I do n't count CJB as young . He 's a third-year sophomore ) . This was a follow-up to a question about freshman running back Jonathan Parker , who had two fumbles against Ball State and then rebounded Saturday with four touches for 94 yards . But I did say in the question that there is the perception about younger players like Parker and like CJB , so it was kind of about QB and , so now , I understand the answer a little better .
“ I 'm not worried about peoples ' perceptions , I 'm worried about our football team getting better . ”
Fair enough .
l Comments : ( 319 ) 398-8256 ; marc.morehouse @ sourcemedia.net
Election 2016 : Labor 'tested ' after revelations candidate Peta Murphy fought against anti-terror laws
Updated
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has not repeated a senior colleague 's call for Labor to dump its candidate for the Melbourne seat of Dunkley after it was revealed she campaigned against tougher national security laws .
However , Mr Turnbull said the revelation would be a test for Opposition Leader Bill Shorten .
In 2009 Peta Murphy was among a group of lawyers who made a submission to parliament urging the Government to deny police and the domestic spy agency ASIO stronger powers to detain terror suspects without charge .
Attorney General George Brandis said he was `` very alarmed '' at Ms Murphy 's stance and demanded Mr Shorten immediately dump her as Labor 's candidate .
`` That submission was made a matter of weeks after it was disclosed that the Al-Shabaab terrorist group had been engaged in a plan to attack the Holsworthy Barracks in Sydney , '' he told reporters .
`` It is shocking that the Labor candidate … should be a person who , within weeks of people being charged for an attempted terrorist strike against an Australian military base , should be calling into question both whether or not Al-Shabaab should be listed as a terrorist organisation , which she did , and whether we should have specific anti-terrorism laws , which she also did . ''
Mr Shorten rejected Senator Brandis 's call and reminded him the former human rights commissioner-turned Liberal candidate for Goldstein , Tim Wilson criticised elements of the Government 's counter-terrorism laws last year .
Mr Turnbull has previously urged caution on counter-terrorism laws , telling the Sydney Institute last year it was important that measures were right and effective , rather than simply being tough .
During that speech , he also warned against overestimating the threat posed by Islamic State threat and amplifying its significance .
When asked about Senator Brandis ' comments , Mr Turnbull said it was a matter for Mr Shorten .
`` The attorney general has called on him [ Mr Shorten ] to dis- endorsed the candidate , '' he said .
`` It is a matter for him to make his decision on that matter . ''
Mr Turnbull said the Coalition had no tolerance for terrorism and , in a pointed message to Labor , said any party seeking to form Government should take exactly the same approach .
The Coalition is fighting to hold onto the Victorian seat of Dunkley following the retirement of popular Liberal MP Bruce Billson .
Topics : federal-elections , federal-government , federal-parliament , terrorism , turnbull-malcolm , bill-shorten , melbourne-3000 , australia
First posted
The James Bond film franchise reached $ 1 billion in the international box office with the latest film “ Skyfall ” at the end of 2012 . Much like the previous films , Mr . Bond outwits foes in an array of eye-catching shooting locations , and one particular Japanese island stands out for its shabby condition : Hashima Island ( 端島 ; meaning “ Border Island ” ) . The gem of urban exploration also goes by other names , including Gunkanjima ( Battleship Island in Japanese ) and Ghost Island .
According to Wikipedia , coal mining was the basis of its industrialization that began in the late 1800s . But Japan 's energy demand switched to petroleum , resulting in the eventual abandonment of the concrete-packed island in 1974 .
Explore more of the ruins from this location at these Flickr destinations : Battleship Island gallery | Battleship Island : 軍艦島 group | Hashima Island on Places : Nagasaki Prefecture .
Photos from Stefan the Cameraman ( aka “ Skyfall ” visual effects photographer ) , picturenarrative , Chris Luckhardt , klOrklOr , and OrigamiKid .
By Dave Hitt on Feb 15 , 2009 in Featured , Religion , Things Atheists Did n't Do
Here 's a handy check list for Muslims seeking to improve civilized people 's opinion of their religion .
Do :
Become a successful and well known businessman in your community
Start a TV station devoted to helping non-Muslims overcome the negative images they have of Muslims and Islam . Generate a lot of press about it .
Generate a lot of press about it . Receive an award from the Council on American Islamic Relations ( while hoping people do n't realize that CAIR supports terrorists ) .
Become a prime example of a Moderate Muslim .
Do n't :
Cut off your wife 's head with a sword .
Once again the Religion of Peace shows it 's true colors . And once again the mass media has ignored it . If an unknown redneck beheaded his wife in a trailer park it would have been front page news , yet this story has been ignored by the mass media . Why ?
The Internet makes a lot of things possible . But for making a real world impact , especially in countries like ours , it 's seen as a useless tool . And that is why a recent e-mail struck us as worth writing about .
Amala Dasarathi , a 12th standard student just got the Bangalore Metro Transport Corporation ( BMTC ) to act on her petition on Change.org to make city buses safer for women . The petition gathered over 50,000 signatures and a bit of press .
Citing a rise in sexual harassment of women in buses , Dasarathi asked the BMTC to display a womens helpline number on buses so that such cases can be reported .
She wrote
We request you to ensure that women 's helpline numbers are clearly displayed on all the buses and take other steps to improve the safety of women . Displaying the numbers will be the first step in making buses safer for women . A simple step like this will build confidence in women and let them know that they have help at hand in case of trouble .
The petition caught the attention of an English daily which called up officials at BMTC . Soon enough , BMTC director Kumar Pushkar wrote back to the petitioners saying that the BMTC has taken actions to prevent such cases .
He wrote that besides reserving separate seats for women , the BMTC has put in place a helpline number . He also said that the bus operator has also given sensitization training to its employees and that it has installed 500 CCTV cameras in buses .
This is clearly a great example of how online petitions have started working in the country !
“ People who live in glass houses should not throw stones. ” Proverb
Western governments that have servilely abrogated to a foreign power , i.e . Israel , their responsibilities to uphold international law can no longer claim national sovereignty nor a moral high-ground .
These states have become bystanders to Israeli war crimes and genocide and are corrupt mouthpieces parroting Zionist platitudes that undermine Palestinian rights , particularly the right to resist and to defend Palestine 's freedom and land from its brutal occupier/ land-thief .
Two recent typical examples of glass house hypocrisy are Belgium and Norway .
Belgium
Belgium had been a generous benefactor of school funding in Palestine , having to date built 23 schools in the Israeli occupied West Bank with plans to build a further 10 schools .
Palestinian parents , living in forced impoverishment are aware of their children 's dismal present and future , and so value education for their children even more .
It is , then , of great concern that at the behest of Palestinian Media Watch * on the 7th October the freezing of Belgian school funding was announced because the Beit Awaa Elementary Girls School , Hebron region , built with funds from Belgium in 2012-2013 , was renamed the Dalal Mughrabi Elementary School .
Dalal Mughrabi , was a 19 year old PLO freedom fighter who led an attack in 1978 against the Israeli occupier which left 35 people dead and more than 70 injured . Her sister , Rashida Mughrabi , proudly states ,
“ I have no regrets about what my sister did . The Israelis are the ones who forced her to carry out the attack because they expelled us and stole our lands . They caused us a great injustice by turning us into a nation of refugees , and , if it were n't for the occupation , Dalal would never have carried out the attack . Maybe she would have raised a family and pursued a career . ”
Consider the double standards by the Belgium Ministry of Foreign Affairs when Belgium has many statues of King Leopold II , ( who was not a freedom fighter ) a vicious colonial exploiter responsible for atrocities that led to the deaths of more than 6 million Congolese . “ [ T ] he most potent symbol of colonial brutality ” was the severing of hands plus taking women and family members hostage to force workers to collect rubber . There is even a city in Limburg named after him , Bourg-Leopold .
Furthermore , in this instance , Belgium is shamefully indulging in the manipulative Zionist discrimination against Palestinian resistance to the Zionist scourge which is in effect – state terrorism .
Does Belgium regard Churchill , resisting the Nazi scourge , as a terrorist for ordering Operation Thunderclap- the bombing of Dresden which blew up and incinerated approximately 35,000 German civilians including children ? Churchill also made a request to President Truman that Britain be represented in the atomic attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki that slaughtered an estimated 226,000 Japanese civilians including children .
There are numerous schools named after Churchill in the UK .
And then there is Truman , as Commander in Chief ordering the bombing of the Minerva car factory in Antwerp that mistakenly killed 936 Belgian civilians including 209 schoolchildren .
There are many schools in the USA named after Harry S Truman .
Belgium by freezing school funding is adding to Israel 's educational abuse of Palestinian children especially at this time when ,
“ At least 55 schools in the occupied West Bank are currently threatened with demolition and “ stop work ” orders . What 's more , many pupils turned out full of hope for the new year , only to find that hundreds of their classmates are languishing in Israeli jails . In occupied Jerusalem , others were struck by the news that their teachers had been dismissed , purportedly for “ incitement ” . As for the children in the Gaza Strip , their challenge is of an entirely different order . Israel 's ten-year blockade continues to test their resolve to the limit . Electricity is in short supply ; thousands study by candlelight , when candles are available ; and to make matters even worse , the Ramallah authority has forced scores of teachers to take early retirement and stopped paying the salaries of hundreds more. ” Education is a right being denied to Palestinian children , and Israel is the culprit
Norway
( Ironically the home of the Nobel Peace award )
In September 2017 , Norway obediently responded to the lobbying of the Palestinian Media Watch by demanding a refund of $ 10,000 donated to a women 's centre in Burqa named after Dalal Mughrabi .
The money was willingly refunded because the name “ was chosen by the villagers to commemorate a Palestinian hero who sacrificed herself for her country and therefore they have no intention to change its name regardless of the price . ”
The head of Burqa village council , stated ,
“ Instead of fighting a community center that does not exceed 50 square meters in area and works on serving young women in the community , they should be objecting to regular attacks by ( Israeli ) settlers against the village and its people and to allow farmers to reach their land that was taken away from them in spite of an Israeli Supreme Court ruling to return this land to its rightful owners , ”
Norway 's hypocrisy can be summed up four words – ‘ SF Hydro ' and ‘ Knut Hamsun ' .
In February 1944 , Norwegian commandoes blew up a Norwegian ferry , SF Hydro , transporting containers of heavy water , a key component in nuclear weapons , killing 18 people including 14 Norwegian civilians .
In 2009 , after years of popular revulsion , Queen Sonia of Norway opened the yearlong festivities , called ‘ Hamsun 2009 ' commemorating 150 years since the birth of Knut Hamsun . The Norges Bank , the central bank of Norway , also issued a commemorative coin . Famous as a Nobel Laureate for Literature , Hamsun was a rabid racist ,
“ The Negros are and will remain Negros , a nascent human form from the tropics , rudimentary organs on the body of white society . Instead of founding an intellectual elite , America has established a mulatto studfarm . ”
and a rabid Nazi sympathiser , “ the Germans are fighting for us , and now is crushing England 's tyranny over us and all neutrals. ” He wrote an obituary for Hitler in an influential Norwegian newspaper and sent Goebbels , Hitler 's minister for propaganda , a gift of his Nobel prize medal . The Knut Hamsun Centre museum and educational centre in Hamaroy , is dedicated to his life and work .
Glass Houses of Hypocrisy
The ultimate shattering of Belgium and Norway 's glass houses of hypocrisy is that neither have frozen trade and arms deals with Israel given there are schools and army camps named after Israeli terrorists ( note the systemic promotion of Zionist killers ) :
Yitzak Rabin High School in Kfar Saba and Camp Rabin , the headquarters of the IDF general staff ; ‘ Yitzhak Rabin signed an expulsion order for the children of Lydda to be ethnically cleansed “ quickly , without attention to age. ” Rabin was a warmonger who as Israel 's chief of staff planned the 1967 attack on Egypt . '
Camp Yaakov Dori ; from 1939-46 he was Chief of Staff of the Haganah , a paramilitary group that perpetrated terror bombings killing innocent civilians and became First Chief of Staff of the IDF .
Camp Yigael Yadin , – was operations officer in the Haganah , and became the second Chief of staff of the IDF .
Camp Ariel Sharon , Israel 's largest military base located in the Negev . Ariel Sharon was in charge of the Qibya massacre and the Sabra and Shatila refugee camp massacres . Sharon was the 11th prime minister of Israel .
Menachem Begin was a commander of Irgun which bombed markets , hotels , police stations , British convoys and was declared a terrorist organisation by the UN , UK , and US governments . Begin was a wanted criminal by the British mandate police . He became the 6th prime minister of Israel . Darca Menachem Begin High School – Gedera , Menachem Begin Road is a major thoroughfare in Tel Aviv , Menachem Begin St , Yehud , Menachem Begin Museum and Menachem Begin Heritage Center , Al Quds : Menachem Begin was a commander of Irgun which bombed markets , hotels , police stations , British convoys and was declared a terrorist organisation by the UN , UK , and US governments . Begin was a wanted criminal by the British mandate police . He became the 6th prime minister of Israel .
Yitzhak Shamir School , Holon : ‘ Yitzhak Shamir had Britain 's Lord Moyne and Sweden 's Count Folke Bernadotte assassinated , and was also involved in the Deir Yassin massacre and other acts of terrorism . He was a leader of a Jewish terrorist group called the Lehi . ' He was Israel 's 7th prime minister .
The aforementioned Israeli ‘ heroes ' are in fact real terrorists who made their merciless contribution to the preemptive destruction of 670 Palestinian villages , to the forced expulsion of 750,000 Indigenous Palestinians , to the establishment of the colonial apartheid regime of Israel , to the decades of mass incarceration of Palestinians including children as young as 10 years old , and to the mass murder and extrajudicial killings of thousands of Palestinian civilians and freedom fighters .
On the other hand , Dalal Mughrabi is a true hero , revered because she represents the courage of Palestinian resistance ; a decidedly handicapped resistance of guerrilla fighters with guns , homemade bombs against the nuclear military might of the Israeli colonial army , navy , air force . Mughrabi is not a terrorist , her actions are legitimate under United Nations General Assembly Resolution A/RES/33/24 of 29 November 1978 :
“ 2 . Reaffirms the legitimacy of the struggle of peoples for independence , territorial integrity , national unity and liberation from colonial and foreign domination and foreign occupation by all available means , particularly armed struggle ; ”
It is heinous that western countries , like Belgium and Norway facilitate rather than prevent Israeli state terrorism that continues to commit daily war crimes against the infants , children , women and men of Palestine . On any given day , e.g . 13 October 2015 ,
Are Belgian and Norwegian farmers denied access to their farms or have their life-supporting farmlands and crops seized ? Is Belgian and Norwegian civilian movement blocked by checkpoints making access to schools , hospitals , and extended family impossible ? Are Belgian and Norwegian parents terrified their children will be ripped from their beds in dawn military raids to be beaten and tortured under interrogation ? Are their shops closed down ? Do they have restricted access to their places of worship ? Are their lawmakers incarcerated for no reason ? Are rubber-coated steel bullets , gas bombs and concussion grenades fired when Belgians and Norwegians protest in the streets ? Are Norwegians and Belgians denied entry to or exit from their country ?
The answers of course are ‘ No ' .. except when Belgians and Norwegians were under Nazi occupation for a mere 5 years ( not 50 ) which promoted clandestine civilian resistance . You get the drift ?
Dr. Vacy Vlazna is Coordinator of Justice for Palestine Matters and editor of a volume of Palestinian poetry , I remember my name . She was Human Rights Advisor to the GAM team in the second round of the Acheh peace talks , Helsinki , February 2005 then withdrew on principle . Vacy was convenor of Australia East Timor Association and coordinator of the East Timor Justice Lobby as well as serving in East Timor with UNAMET and UNTAET from 1999-2001 .
Note
* ” Palestinian Media Watch ( PMW ) , one of several resource-rich right-wing think tanks that track the Palestinian media as well as remarks made by individual Palestinians , monitoring words of incitement . PMW 's findings are quoted by Israeli officials and are sent to members of Congress . The organization is lead by Itamar Marcus , who lives in the West Bank settlement of Efrat , and who represented Israel in the Wye summit in 1998 on the issue of incitement . Marcus is also a member of the Prime Minister 's Office 's Palestinian Incitement Index Monitoring Committee , whose findings were presented at the most recent Cabinet meeting . Marcus himself writes position papers on incitement for the Prime Minister 's Office and the Foreign Ministry . He also briefs the prime minister , cabinet ministers , advisors , and defense personnel on the subject. ” Source
Folks driving to Nick Thomas ' house on Conan Doyle Road in Naperville this Halloween season expecting to be treated to the famously decorated house will go away feeling tricked .
After neighbors complained to the Ashbury Homeowners Association board about the traffic and noise created by the celebrated house decorations , the group installed rules that thwarted Thomas ' plans .
`` I am disappointed , '' said Thomas , who has lived in the 1100 block of Conan Doyle Road in south Naperville for 21 years and has decorated his house for the past 18 years . `` For a lot of people , the house has become a tradition and it is something people look forward to . ''
Thomas ' display has grown over the years , and now includes over 2,000 pieces with lights and synchronized music . Visitors to the cul-de-sac have also grown — he estimates about 8,000 people visited last year alone — which is why neighbors raised concerns about traffic and safety with the Ashbury Homeowners Association board .
The board notified neighbors via its October newsletter that a `` Holiday Decorations Rule '' was voted on and passed at its Sept. 21 board meeting . The rule limits a person 's decorations to 50 percent of the yard , excluding lights , and restricts the display to 30 days before and after the holiday .
For Thomas , that means his four storage units filled with decorations will remain unopened this year . The 600 bags of candy he buys each year will not be purchased . The donations he collected last year for Gigi 's Playhouse — in the amount of $ 6,500 — wo n't be collected .
`` I do this for the kids ; this is not about me , '' Thomas said . `` I do this so that people can come and forget about their problems and have a good time . A lot of people will be disappointed . ''
A home in Naperville has been attracting national attention with its Halloween display and light show . This year , Nick Thomas is also collecting donations for Gigi 's Playhouse , an organization that benefits families of children with Down Syndrome . A home in Naperville has been attracting national attention with its Halloween display and light show . This year , Nick Thomas is also collecting donations for Gigi 's Playhouse , an organization that benefits families of children with Down Syndrome . SEE MORE VIDEOS
Dennis Meisinger , a sixth-generation Naperville area resident and longtime visitor to the Halloween house on Conan Doyle , is one of them .
`` I think it 's a tragedy , '' said Meisinger , 71 , who lives about a mile south of Ashbury subdivision on Book Road . `` Not only is it a wonderful attraction that brings people from miles away , it 's a thing we can say our town provides . ''
Meisinger said Thomas does n't only provide joy to visitors who stop by during the season , he uses it as an opportunity to raise money for a nonprofit organization .
`` That kind of altruism – to just throw that in someone 's face – is criminal , '' Meisinger said . `` We have enjoyed seeing his house for years . It 's really a tragedy . ''
The Sun was not able to reach an Ashbury Homeowners Association representative for comment .
Jane Donahue is a freelance reporter for the Naperville Sun .
After collapsing on the ice just prior to a game in November , Craig Cunningham is on the road to recovery .
The captain of the Tuscon Roadrunners ( AHL affiliate of the Arizona Coyotes ) suffered a “ medical emergency ” before the team 's game against the Manitoba Moose on Nov. 19 . He appeared to convulse after hitting the ice and medics cut away his jersey before performing chest compressions . Eventually , he was transported from the rink to a nearby hospital by ambulance .
Cunningham , 26 , has spent time at the NHL level with both the Coyotes and Boston Bruins .
Article continues below ...
While the circumstances of the medical emergency still are largely unknown to the public , teammates say Cunningham has made a lot of progress . This week , a few of them FaceTimed with Cunningham , who is still in the hospital .
“ He 's awake , he 's alert , had a good little chat with him and tried to boost his spirits a little bit , ” said Roadrunners forward Christian Fisher , via KVOA . “ It was nice to see him smile . He was cracking jokes just as if he were here the next day . It was pretty funny . He said he wanted us to come pick him up and take him to the rink . He was joking around . Stuff like that . ”
Fisher 's chat with Cunningham seems to build off the update given by Edmonton Oilers forward Milan Lucic in late November . A week after the incident , Lucic went to the hospital to visit Cunningham , who he played alongside in Boston . He also sounded optimistic .
“ The good news is he 's progressed a lot from the state he was in last weekend , ” Lucic said , via NHL.com . “ He 's heading in the right direction , but obviously there 's a lot more progression and healing to be done . I ca n't go into [ details ] too much more than that . ”
As Cunningham continues to make progress , support for him certainly does n't seem to be waning .
“ Love you , and we will see ya soon , ” said Fisher and fellow teammate Brandon Burlon in a message relayed by KVOA . “ We know you are a battler and we have full faith you will make a full recovery . ”
About This Game
A Total War™ Saga : Thrones of Britannia
Playable factions , cultures and kings :
Stores Inc prepared its entry into India 's supermarket sector in 2010 with a $ 100 million investment into a consultancy with no employees , no profits and a scant $ 14,000 in revenue .
The company , called Cedar Support Services , might have been a more obvious selection four months earlier : it began its corporate life as Ltd , according to documents filed with the Registrar of
The Cedar investment is now the focus of an investigation by the country 's financial crimes watchdog into whether broke foreign direct investment rules by putting money into a retailer before the government threw open the sector to global players .
TROUBLED WATERS Stores Inc prepared its entry into India 's supermarket sector in 2010 with a $ 100 million investment into a consultancy with no employees , no profits and a scant $ 14,000 in revenue
The Cedar investment is now the focus of a government investigation into whether Walmart broke foreign direct investment rules by putting money into a retailer before the government threw open the sector to global players
If Walmart did break the law , it could face a penalty of up to three times its initial $ 100 million investment
Walmart said it was in compliance with India 's foreign direct investment ( FDI ) guidelines , and had followed all procedures . It said the central government had sought `` information and clarification '' , which Walmart has provided .
However , several lawyers said the transaction appeared to violate at least the spirit of India 's long-standing ban on foreign investment in supermarkets , which it only lifted in September . When Walmart made the investment in 2010 , it was legal for foreigners to own consultants but not retailers , so the shift in Cedar 's business description raised eyebrows .
`` This is a complete camouflage , '' said Hitesh Jain , a senior partner at in Mumbai who advises retailers but is not involved with Wal-Mart . `` It can be looked at as a violation of FDI rules because Cedar also operates supermarkets , which was a restricted sector back then . ''
The law , however , is murky .
Others stressed that the way Walmart structured the transaction might make it legal . According to the documents filed with India 's registrar , the investment was in the form of debt that was convertible into equity . That clouds the issue of whether Walmart took a stake in Cedar or provided financing .
Bharti and Walmart both declined to provide additional details on how the transaction was structured .
Senior government officials said that the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) had asked the Enforcement Directorate , which investigates financial crimes , to look into whether Walmart violated the law by investing in a supermarket retailer before foreign investment rules were relaxed .
If Walmart did break the law , it could face a penalty of up to three times its initial $ 100 million investment , they said .
That would not only be a setback for Walmart , it would also weaken consensus-building efforts by the minority government , led by the Congress . The party is desperate for more support from across the political spectrum after its decision to let foreign players into India 's came under fire from the opposition and even some of its own allies .
Walmart and other retailers lobbied for years to gain access to India 's market , lured by the promise of a middle class that will one day rival China 's .
But local opposition has been fierce because of concern that Walmart and its peers will knock millions of mom-and-pop stores out of business .
Reuters pieced together details of Walmart 's investment in Cedar by examining records from the Registrar of and through interviews with government officials involved with the matter , as well as several lawyers who work with retailers .
The documents reveal a web of set up under the Bharti umbrella , which runs India 's largest telecom operator , Bharti Airtel . The group , which also has retail interests , signed a joint venture with Walmart to run wholesale stores in 2007 , shortly after India allowed full foreign ownership of wholesale retail operations .
That same year , the Bharti group formed Ltd , which in turn owned a subsidiary called Bharti Retail Ltd which operated supermarkets and hypermarkets .
In December 2009 , changed its business description to consulting services from retail , the documents filed with India 's Registrar show . A month later , the company changed its name to Cedar .
The timing of the change in name and business is significant because when Walmart invested in Cedar in March 2010 , foreign companies could legally own 100 percent of an Indian consulting firm but not a supermarket retailer . Cedar issued `` compulsorily convertible debentures '' to Ltd , which would be exchanged for 49 per cent equity 18 months after the issue date .
The conversion date has since been pushed back twice , to September 2013 , which would be after India 's relaxation of rules on retail investment .
Cedar 's cash flow statement for 2010 shows that the funds raised from the debentures were used to finance activities and an attached schedule to the balance sheet shows a transfer of Rs 1.75 billion to its retail unit , raising questions over whether Walmart 's money went into the retail business . Member of Parliament M P Achuthan has accused Walmart of breaking the foreign direct investment law and said he wanted the company to be penalised . Achuthan also wants India to scrap its foreign retail investment policy .
`` I am surprised and shocked that the government did n't see this . This kind of investment could not have happened without the government 's knowledge , '' Achuthan said . `` It is impossible . '' Walmart 's Indian partner , Bharti Enterprises , said it had followed the rules but did not address specific questions emailed by Reuters .
`` We are in complete compliance of all regulations . All details have been shared with the relevant authorities , '' a Bharti Enterprises spokesman said .
Two senior government officials said there had been an initial round of communication between the Reserve Bank of India and the Enforcement Directorate . RBI asked the law enforcement agency to conduct the investigation . `` RBI believes there is a need to investigate , '' said a senior government official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter . He said both Walmart and Bharti were being investigated because `` Wal-Mart allegedly made the investment and Bharti allegedly received it '' .
Separately , Walmart said last month it was looking into bribery allegations in several countries including India , Brazil and China . It conducted an earlier probe in Mexico . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is under intense pressure to roll back the decision to permit foreign retailers . Parliament ground to a halt on November 22 over opposition to the reforms until the government agreed to a vote .
A year ago , political pressure forced the government to make a U-turn after it first approved foreign investment into supermarkets , an abrupt shift that brought into question India 's ability to build consensus behind long-awaited reforms . When Walmart made the investment in Cedar in 2010 , Indian law permitted foreigners to own `` cash-and-carry '' wholesale stores , but they were barred from owning what India calls multi-brand retailers , or stores like Wal-Mart 's namesake supermarkets that sell a wide array of products and brands .
Whether the investment in Cedar violated India 's law depends on two issues , according to the lawyers : if Cedar was in fact a retailer rather than a consultancy , and how the investment was structured .
Cedar 's articles of association filed with the Registrar show it called itself a consultancy , but a few pages later it describes a `` competing business '' as one involved in retail and operates supermarkets , hypermarkets and discount stores .
Even if investigators determine Cedar was a retailer , lawyers said Walmart 's investment may still be legal if the transaction is deemed to be debt . Wal-Mart could then argue that it did not acquire a stake but instead extended a loan .
But according to RBI guidelines set in 2007 , compulsorily convertible debentures are considered equity . That would mean Wal-Mart jumped the gun , said Alok Dhir , managing partner , Dhir & Dhir Associates .
Dhir said there may be one way around that problem . If Wal-Mart and Bharti included a `` put '' option on the debentures , it could be considered debt because Walmart would no longer be required to convert the debt to equity . It is not clear whether this transaction included such a clause , and Walmart and Bharti declined to comment .
Under Indian law , Walmart can be found in violation even if each step it took was within bounds . If the combination of those actions led to a result that circumvented the law , a court can consider the bigger picture , four lawyers said , citing a 1985 Supreme Court of India decision .
However , there are numerous grey areas . For example , RBI does not require Indian companies to declare what they do with money they receive from foreign investment .
`` Even if the investigation is able to prove that funds were invested into the retail business , the companies can say they are not legally bound to declare it and present an argument , '' said Ravi Singhania , managing partner at law firm Singhania & Partners .
The fact that Walmart 's investment was capped at 49 per cent and would not give it majority control of Cedar after the debt is converted could also help the companies build a case that the investment was legal .
The rules allow Indian-owned and controlled companies to use foreign capital to fund businesses which their subsidiaries operate . However , lawyers said there is no clarity on whether it is a breach if the unit of the Indian entity operates in a restricted sector , which supermarkets were until September .
Chicago ( AFP ) - Police quickly apprehended a 46-year-old white male in the shooting death of two police officers who were `` ambushed '' in separate attacks in the US state of Iowa early Wednesday , authorities said .
Scott Michael Greene from Urbandale -- a suburb of state capital Des Moines -- was captured less than two hours after police released his name and said they were searching for him . They had cautioned that Greene should be considered armed and dangerous .
`` We think he 's got some information that 's pretty critical to us closing this case out . We ca n't go into great detail right now . But , he 's definitely somebody that we want to talk to , '' Des Moines Police Sergeant Paul Parizek said in an early morning news conference .
Police said two officers were `` ambushed '' in the early morning hours Wednesday , with footage of one of their police cars showing bullet holes on the front passenger side door .
`` It does n't look like there was any interaction between these officers , and whoever the coward is ... shot them as they sat in their cars , '' Parizek said .
For more news videos visit Yahoo View , available now on iOS .
Authorities said a member of the Urbandale police force was found dead just after 1:00 am ( 0600 GMT ) .
Twenty minutes later , a second Des Moines police officer was discovered gunned down at an intersection around two miles away . US media said the officer died after being taken to the hospital .
Parizek told reporters police would be doubling up to patrol in pairs in the wake of the shootings .
`` There is a clear and present danger to police officers right now and we 've doubled up our police officers '' so that no one is working alone , he said .
A series of tips and leads drew investigators to Greene , the officers said , although they declined to comment on a motive for the killings .
`` I think you know that oftentimes in these investigations we do n't figure out what the motive is until we get done and then there are times we ca n't make sense of what their motive is , or they do n't even share that with us , '' Parizek said .
The incident marks the first time a Des Moines officer has been shot in the line of duty since two police were gunned down in 1977 , The Des Moines Register said .
The United States was on edge for weeks in July following the shooting in Dallas of five officers and a similar assault in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , where three officers were shot dead by a former military veteran .
Those killings were carried out in apparent retribution for a string of high-profile police shootings of black citizens which inflamed racial tensions in the United States .
Email Share +1 899 Shares
In the aftermath of a religious freedom executive order signed by President Trump that had no explicit reference to LGBT issues , the head of a top anti-LGBT group close to the White House said more action is coming next week on the issue — code for social conservatives to mean anti-LGBT discrimination .
Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , made the remarks last night on “ Washington Watch ” the weekly radio broadcast produced by the organization .
“ By the way , stand by next week , you 're going to see some follow-up to the president 's executive order on religious liberty , ” Perkins said . “ The next phase of that is going to be coming about and I think it is going to be very instructive . We are going to see government agencies basically put on notice that they have to respect religious freedom . And that is not just the ability to believe , it is the free exercise of religion . ”
It 's unclear exactly what Perkins was referencing . Earlier this year , a draft executive order on “ religious freedom ” that would have enabled sweeping anti-LGBT discrimination circulated among federal agencies and advocacy groups , although Trump never signed the order .
Instead , Trump in May signed a religious freedom executive order that was largely a symbolic statement in favor of the U.S. Supreme Court 's Hobby Lobby decision and against the Johnson Amendment , a 1954 law barring churches and religious non-profits from making political endorsements .
The directive made no explicit reference to LGBT issues , although it charged U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions with implementing federal guidance in favor of religious freedom . That language alarmed some LGBT groups like the Human Rights Campaign , who said it opened the door for discrimination .
At a conference earlier this month , for the anti-LGBT Alliance Defending Freedom , Sessions said guidance for “ religious freedom ” is on the way .
Although he did n't offer details , the attorney general said it would “ help agencies follow the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. ” That law , which prohibits the government from substantially burdening a person 's exercise of religion , was passed in 1993 on a bipartisan basis , but has been cited as legal basis for allowing anti-LGBT discrimination .
“ Congress enacted RFRA so that , if the federal government imposes a burden on somebody 's religious practice , it had better have a compelling reason , ” Sessions said . “ That is a demanding standard , and it 's the law of the land . We will follow it just as faithfully as we follow every other federal law . If we 're going to ensure that religious liberty is adequately protected and our country remains free , then we must ensure that RFRA is followed . ”
Sarah Kate Ellis , CEO of GLAAD , distributed the audio of Perkins predicting action on “ religious freedom ” and warned Trump against following through with discrimination .
“ If President Trump issues another executive order based on advice from anti-LGBTQ extremist groups like the Family Research Council , he will be harming countless hardworking Americans and their families , ” Ellis said in a statement . “ The ‘ religious exemptions ' laws that groups like the Family Research Council are successfully pushing fly in the face of real American values and open LGBTQ people and our children up to discrimination . ”
The Ministry for Primary Industries ( MPI ) has admitted two senior officials made incorrect public statements when explaining why they did n't prosecute over illegal fish dumping .
The matter was only clarified after Newshub laid a complaint with the Ombudsman .
MPI insisted that they could n't go after illegal fishermen caught on camera in 2013 , because their legal advice said they could n't .
`` We did not have the evidence that we could actually lodge a prosecution because we had legal advice that we could not use some of the camera footage , '' Scott Gallacher , Former Deputy Director General Regulation and Assurance said in May 2016 .
`` We ended up with a legal opinion that we could not prosecute the fishermen for discarding the fish , '' Dave Turner , MPI Director of Fisheries Management also said in May 2016 .
But no such legal advice ever existed .
MPI now accepts that `` the legal advice did not contain a recommendation against prosecution . ''
Legasea council member Richard Baker says they 've misled the public :
`` Very unfortunate , but they are now acknowledging that those statements were totally , 180 degrees , incorrect . ''
MPI says both men were relying in good faith on information that had been provided to them , but that information was wrong , and that `` neither had seen the legal advice at the time . ''
Mr Baker asks `` How can that happen ? We need answers on that . ''
The MPI 's admission about its legal advice follows an investigation by the Ombudsman that took months .
Auckland University Business School researcher Dr Glenn Simmons has also found it difficult to get information from the Ministry .
`` We 've faced significant delays and frustrations in getting information and that is something that in our view needs to change significantly . ''
Despite numerous requests , MPI still wo n't say who passed on the incorrect information , or how exactly it happened .
It will say only that `` human error '' was to blame .
Read MPI 's full statement following the Ombudsman 's investigation :
Greek police in Athens fired tear gas to break up protesters at anti-austerity demonstrations on Wednesday . Some protesters in the crowd of some 12,000 people threw rocks and firecrackers at police .
The street protests were part of a 24-hour general strike by Greek workers over a new round of austerity measures insisted upon by the heavily indebted country 's creditors . Travel was disrupted and hospitals were working with emergency staff only as the labor unions decried cuts to salaries and pensions .
More than 150 flights were grounded in the middle of the day as air-traffic controllers joined in the strike for four hours .
The austerity measures are part of an agreement made between the left-wing government of Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras and the country 's creditors , mainly the European Central Bank ( ECB ) and the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , to receive badly needed cash in order to avoid bankruptcy .
Some protesters signs read , `` No to the new looting of salaries and pensions ''
`` We want to send a decisive message to the government , the European Union and the International Monetary Fund that we will not let them cut up our lives , '' Alekos Perrakis , a senior member of Communist union PAME , told reporters .
The regulations are set to be voted on in parliament on Thursday .
Merkel , Tspiras talk debt relief
While many Greeks have swallowed the bitter pills of previous austerity measures , what incensed the striking workers on Wednesday was news that many of the cost-cutting rules will be extended beyond the terms of the country 's most recent rescue package . In their eyes , this was tantamount to a fourth bailout without receiving any new funds to help the struggling economy .
`` No to the new looting of salaries and pensions , '' the civil servants ' union ADEDY said in a statement .
On top of the general strike , mariners were in the midst of a four-day walkout , shutting down ferry services between Greece 's many islands and the mainland .
Also on Wednesday , Tsipras spoke via telephone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the Athens ' financial situation . According to Tspiras ' cabinet , the two leaders agreed that an upcoming meeting of the Eurogroup , the countries that use the common euro currency , on May 22 would be dedicated to resolving Greece 's debt crisis .
es/sms ( AP , AFP , dpa , Reuters )
ST. PAUL , Minn. – Adam Wilson still loves making music and playing it but it has been more than five years since he played his last gig .
In his small St. Paul shop off Grand Avenue , reminiscent of the garage venues he started off playing in as a kid , Wilsons vision of a perfect sounding guitar comes alive .
Inventures : Handmade guitars in St. Paul ( Photo : KARE 11 )
`` You know every single guitar you make . You go , 'Please , please , please , ' you know , hoping you do n't have a catastrophic failure when you first put the strings on . But that 's what makes it exciting , '' Wilson says .
His company called Owasso Guitars gets its namesake from the lake Wilson grew up close to near Shoreview .
He 's been cranking out guitars in his shop for more than three years . He took up guitar making after a career in medical sales .
Inventures : Handmade guitars in St. Paul ( Photo : KARE 11 )
On the company 's site , Adam 's dog -- a mix breed border collie named Kevin -- gets the title of co-founder and shop dog . Wilson says the first year at the shop it was just him and Kevin so he 's earned the title .
`` There is something cool about knowing your guitars are playing music tonight somewhere , '' Wilson says . To check out Owasso Guitars you can visit Owassoguitarco.com .
Writing about themselves , few actors can circumvent lapsing into narcissism , emotional self-justifications and half-truths . Two such autobiographies that immediately come to mind are Songs My Mother Taught Me , Marlon Brando with Robert Lindsey ( 1995 ) and the less-cryptically titled Romancing With Life : An Autobiography ( 2007 ) , Dev Anand . Forgive movie stars for not being able to approach the condition of literature—or satire—while writing about themselves . With Nails : The Film Diaries of Richard E. Grant ( 1996 ) could possibly be the lone satirical memoirs ever by an actor . How does a man or woman so worshipped , sift from the accolades and the tabloid impeachments , a kernel that he is himself supposed to have preserved ? How does he look beyond how the world looked at him ? How does he fall , and yet be interesting ?
With Dev Anand .
Mumbai of the 1940s and 1950s , the years that followed Yusuf Khan somewhat guiltily becoming Dilip Kumar , are monumental in Hindi cinema history . This book is not the one to look for a portrait of that time because Dilip Kumar was most probably never that outward-looking . For a biography of that time , of a film industry nascent and vibrant , but already used to shortcuts and star-worship , read Balraj Sahni 's short memoir , Meri Filmi Atmakatha , which I recently discovered . Sahni , also a man from undivided Punjab ( Rawalpindi ) like Dilip Kumar , Dev Anand and Raj Kapoor , writes almost like a chronicler—as much about studio-owners , production managers , theatre directors , supporting actors and the Indian People 's Theatre Association movement ( he explains in detail how IPTA changed his views on acting and performing ) , as about his contemporaries and the stars of the time . Dilip Kumar looks inward—his book is about a fussy and passionate man , trying to make cinema and the world his own .
The actor talks peripherally about directors he worked with except for Mehboob Khan and Bimal Roy , who chiseled him into the mindful and sensitive dramatizer he became—consciously choosing roles that were fuelled by a fragile male ego , an intricate self-pity and a sense of being wronged . As recounted in magazine articles and many books , the actor was painfully ‘ method ' . To make a role perfect , he involved himself in everything that went into it . In some of these pages , most of his directors come across as magnanimous father figures allowing Dilip Kumar free reign . The chapter on the making of Gunga Jamuna is a refreshing exception . It details the location hunts that Dilip Kumar undertook himself . He lucidly recalls doing things like running continuously for half an hour before appearing on the set for a scene . His long-term memory is obviously elephantine .
With Saira Banu before they got married .
He is among the most political of stars in Hindi cinema—although that 's still not much of a political animal . He recounts inadvertently going to jail while he was running a canteen in Pune—describing it as a sort of ritualistic Gandhian act . Nehru picked Dilip Kumar to directly help him and his party , and the actor jumped right in , first campaigning for VK Krishna Menon who was contesting from North Bombay in 1962 general elections . His oratory skills , of which the actor writes in a jarringly self-congratulatory tone , were practised first in this campaign . Later on , he gave speeches at cardiology conferences as well as erudite Urdu mehfils in India and Pakistan . He remained a lifelong friend of the Congress Party , and went on to become Mumbai 's sheriff and a member of the Rajya Sabha . In the book , he equates political entitlement with philanthropy rather than standing up for an ideology or a world view , or like most evolved politicians , for what he opposed : “ I have always strongly endorsed the necessity for actors to possess a reasonable degree of social responsibility . In the next page , he reiterates , “ I do not know if it is in my genes or if it is something I assimilated from the environment I was brought up in . It gives me great contentment and joy to espouse a good cause . '' Mumbai 's ruling Saffronite in the 1980s , Shiv Sena leader Bal Thackeray , accused him of being anti-national when Dilip Kumar accepted Pakistan 's highest civilian honour , the Nishaan-e-Imtiaz . He writes a paragraph or two about this incident and dismisses it as a small stumbling block in an otherwise cordial , lifelong relationship with the Thackerays .
Dilip Kumar : The Substance and the Shadow : Hay House , 465 pages , Rs 699 .
Dilip Kumar 's love for his mother is staunch—it is the only relationship that emerges in the book as one with enough emotional truth . The book begins with a reminiscing voice that is truthful , gentle , observant and candid . Peshawar , where he grew up , was the most important city of the North West Frontier Province . It had a punishingly cold winter . It also had bright red and orange apricots trees in bloom and a busy market called the Kissa Khwani Bazaar with meandering streets . He had many visiting chachas of various professions and temperaments , but Yusuf was the darling of his family 's women—the matriarch , his grandmother , his mother who he remembers as a silent worker ( a woman of “ ungrudging slogging '' , he writes grudgingly ) and his sisters , of various abilities . He recalls holding on to his mother 's dupatta and going mostly anywhere she went . He loved to visit his maternal grandparents : “ My nani and nana ( maternal grandmother and grandfather ) were anything but severe and , for the first time , I was seeing Amma being attended to and given the rightful position at the table during meal times . It gave me great happiness to see Amma laughing and being very much a part of the merriment that was going on continuously till it was time to hit the beds covered with silk quilts . '' The first few chapters of the book have the architecture and visual breadth of a novel .
Until the family 's changing fortunes in Mumbai , where Yusuf was determined to excel as a football player and his introduction to Devika Rani and Ashok Kumar at Bombay Talkies—a phase elaborately chronicled in all the other books written on him—Dilip Kumar writes about himself with self-deprecating honesty . As a young man , he was shy , evidently made more so by his friend Raj Kapoor , who he remembers as witty and dashing , the kind women fancied . Take this deadpan ode to his own hirsutism : “ My hairiness was also the despair of mosquitoes , which got entangled in the thick clusters of my hands and legs . I would see the helpless creatures trying to escape from what could be like an African jungle to them and I always felt sorry for the poor insects and helped them fly out . So in all fairness to the unsuspecting mosquitoes and the aesthetic senses of whoever might set eyes on my ape-like appearance in a swimming pool , I had sensibly decided not to ever descend into one . ''
Given the tone of the book until it reaches this interesting and awkward phase of youth , middle age and late life read like parodies . A voice so different , it seems someone else took over the project entirely . The last section of the book is a series of tributes to the man by close friends from and outside the film world—a strange section to have in an autobiography .
Political Animals is a fortnightly blog on the intersection of politics and culture .
New America president Anne-Marie Slaughter quickly informed Lynn that his team would no longer be welcome at the think tank , presenting about as tidy and flagrant a case of conflict of interest and monied suppression of criticism as one can imagine . But on Twitter , Slaughter disputed the Times report , claiming that it was simply “ false ” :
“ We are in the process of trying to expand our relationship with Google on some absolutely key points , ” Ms . Slaughter wrote in an email to Mr. Lynn , urging him to “ just THINK about how you are imperiling funding for others . ”
Ms . Slaughter told Mr. Lynn that “ the time has come for Open Markets and New America to part ways , ” according to an email from Ms . Slaughter to Mr. Lynn . The email suggested that the entire Open Markets team — nearly 10 full-time employees and unpaid fellows — would be exiled from New America .
Those worries seemed to be substantiated a couple of days later , when Ms . Slaughter summoned the scholar who wrote the critical statement , Barry Lynn , to her office . He ran a New America initiative called Open Markets that has led a growing chorus of liberal criticism of the market dominance of telecom and tech giants , including Google , which is now part of a larger corporate entity known as Alphabet , for which Mr. Schmidt serves as executive chairman .
After EU regulators fined Google $ 2.7 billion earlier this summer , Barry Lynn , who ran the Open Markets division , cheered the decision , adding that “ U.S . enforcers should apply the traditional American approach to network monopoly , which is to cleanly separate ownership of the network from ownership of the products and services sold on that network , as they did in the original Microsoft case of the late 1990s. ” It did n't take long for Lynn and his colleagues to suffer the consequences , the Times reports :
The New America Foundation 's Open Markets group was a rare , loud voice of protest against Google 's ever-growing consolidation of economic and technological power around the world . But New America , like many of its fellow think tanks , received millions in funding from one of the targets of its anti-monopoly work , and according to a New York Times report today , pulled the plug after the company 's chief executive had enough dissent .
The Intercept reviewed the full termination email sent from Slaughter to Lynn that was cited and quoted in the Times report and found that they were reported and characterized with complete accuracy . The full text does , however , show that Slaughter threatened to make Lynn 's firing more difficult for him and his team should it generate any negative publicity for New America .
Neither Slaughter nor New America responded to requests to specify what was false or even misleading about the story . Over email , a Google spokesperson told The Intercept that “ Eric [ Schmidt ] never threatened to cut off funding to New America and that we had no role in eliminating the Open Markets Initiative. ” The spokesperson added that she would not deny Schmidt 's “ displeasure ” with the Open Markets team , “ but displeasure and pressure are two totally different things — he did not imply pressure on NAF re : Open Markets . To characterize it that way would be totally inaccurate . ”
But the displeasure of one of the most powerful men in the world is , of course , itself a form of pressure . It 's safe to assume that the likeliest explanation is the most obvious one : Eric Schmidt , formerly an executive at Sun Microsystems , which itself later came under intense global antitrust scrutiny , did n't want his money paying to promote similar scrutiny for his monopolistic practices . So , he leveraged his power as head of a company with a market cap of over $ 600 billion to get what he wanted ( it would n't be Google 's first time ) .
New America and Slaughter , however , are most certainly worthy of blame , apparently caving to pressure — whether it was spoken or did n't need to be — from the chief executive of the world 's most powerful technology firm , a complete dereliction of whatever purpose for being a think tank is supposed to have . Perhaps New America — along with all the rest of Think Tank Land and academia — should reconsider cashing checks from the likes of Google , even if it does buy an “ Eric Schmidt Ideas Lab ” in the office . Even when the Devil 's motto is Do n't Be Evil , a deal might not ultimately be in your best interests .
But for Matt Stoller , up until very recently the most vocal member of the Open Markets team , there 's a significant upshot to getting the boot . “ I think the thing that 's great about this , whenever you 're in politics and policy , it 's hard to prove you 're effective , ” he told The Intercept . “ This is just Google saying you guys are too effective. ” Even Lynn shares the feeling : “ We 've been martyr-ized , ” he added . “ We 'll be growing . ”
For now , the new group will call itself Citizens Against Monopoly . Led by Lynn , it will be chaired by Zephyr Teachout .
Update : Aug. 30 , 2017
This article was updated with comments from a Google spokesperson .
Update : Aug. 31st , 2017
“ In the interest of transparency , ” the New America Foundation has released the text of three emails sent from Slaughter to Lynn . Lynn 's emails to Slaughter were not included .
The 16th installment of the original version of Project Runway had its finale this week , as the season ended with four fashion shows .
This season of PR was in many very different from other seasons . It started out with a twist , namely that this time around ; designers would not have a “ muse model ” anymore , but rather work with a rotating group of models , who , for the first time in the show 's history , were of all sizes . Models were also one of the focuses of the show . Even though they no longer had a stake in the contest – in other seasons , the model paired with the winning designer would also win a prize – they were often featured as they gave their feedback on the clothes . This approach is definitely worth discussing . On one hand , it works , because it adds a dimension to the show where we also hear feedback from the “ customer ” . On the other hand , it does not work all that well , since , more often than not , the clothes are an expression of the designer 's vision and models are supposed to wear them , regardless of their thoughts . Very likely , the purpose of giving the models a voice was to draw attention to plus-size models , as the show quite quickly turned into the Liris show , as someone pointed out ; with Jazzmine as a supporting character . This approach also reinforces the idea of commercial fashion , where a designer 's inability to design for various sizes is a cause of elimination .
And , speaking of commerciality , many people online have discussed throughout the season that the show has gone a lot from an approach of high fashion to an approach of accessible , day-to-day fashion . This was also seen in the JCPenney “ accessories wall ” and the Avon beauty studio , both brands that appeal to a large customer segment . There is nothing wrong with that , of course , but it is important to note the fact that the approach of the show has changed . Moreover , most of the challenges were one-day challenges and implied a lot , thus not giving the designers enough time to come up with really extraordinary pieces .
Which brings us to the cast . This season , the group of contestants consisted of sixteen designers who competed for the win . The cast was chosen in such a way to look diverse and eclectic , but not to the point of true confrontation or pulling apart . This , of course , makes sense , since the show is targeting a certain demographic and needs to reinforce their world view .
The first episodes at least , were kind of lackluster in terms of what the designers created . Later on , when the competition narrowed down , the clothes did become more appealing , but there were not many “ wow ” moments on the runway this year . However , there was a lot more enthusiasm . Two seasons ago , Tim Gunn said that the group of designers is not really invested in the show and seemed that they did n't really want to be there . This time around , even more than last time , the designers definitely fought harder and were more involved in the outcomes of their creations . We really appreciated many of the designers : Michael , Kenya , Amy , Batani ( even though she flopped a lot ) , were some of our favorites .
This season also brought in a couple of designers whose presence on the show soon became quite controversial . We 're talking , of course , about the twins . Shawn and Claire were two of the designers featured on the show , who , despite being sisters , competed against each other . They , however , felt more like an addition for the drama , since everything about them was over the top and dramatic . From the fact that they were always helping each other , which created a lot of turmoil in the workroom , to Claire getting angry that Shawn was always asking her for ideas to Shawn 's dramatic elimination , where she decided to leave the competition because her sister deserved more to be there , as they were both up for elimination . Of course , it all culminated with Claire 's elimination , as it was revealed that she was secretly breaking the rules of the competition .
Four of the sixteen designers made it in the last episode , where they showcased their collections at New York Fashion Week . These were Kentaro , Ayana , Brandon and Margarita . They each had a different approach . In a way , each one represented another movement in fashion . Brandon 's clothes were sporty and baggy , Kentaro 's clothes were easy to wear and elegant , Ayana 's designs were catering to a demo who is strict about not showing certain parts of the body and Margarita 's collection was for the vibrant and colorful . In the end , it was Kentaro 's win . If you ask us , Margarita should have taken the prize . Her collection had everything : it had a variety in terms of types of garments ( not just sportswear or just gowns ) , it was based on a 100 % original print , which was used very creatively and which was enhanced by hand one bead at a time . Her silhouettes were also dynamic and cool and gave us one stunning runway moment after another . Speaking of runway moments , Margarita was the only one who had people standing up during the show . If that 's not a winner , who is ?
In the end , as Tim pointed out , it comes down to taste and sensibility when you have a series of collections that were obviously all well-crafted . While this season of Project Runway was not as spectacular as one might have hoped , it is still a great reflection of the fashion world . On a more personal note , it 's always great to hear from Nina Garcia – her evaluations are always great .
According to recent news , the show has been contracted for at least two more seasons , so we 're excited to see where it 's going to go next . Last year , we were saying that we wish they would take it further and they have . This season , they showed that things can change and we 're excited to see how more and in what other directions Project Runway can change .
Fraquoh and Franchomme
Further reading :
Thoughts on Project Runway season 15
Thoughts on Project Runway season 14
P.S . We want to hear from you ! Who was your favorite this season ? Why ? Who should have won ? Share your feedback , questions or thoughts in the comments below ! For more articles on style , fashion tips and cultural insights , you can subscribe to Attire Club via e-mail or follow us on Facebook , Twitter or Instagram !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pocket
Pinterest
Tumblr
Skype
LinkedIn
Telegram
WhatsApp
Email
More
Speaking at the Tuesday afternoon press conference , the official said about 30 tons of rock per hour are being placed representing about 40 truckloads an hour . Also , two helicopters continue to drop rocks every couple of minutes .
A total of three counties , Butte , Sutter and Yuba , had communities under the evacuation order . Oroville , located in Butte County , is about 70 miles north of Sacramento .
Even with the evacuation lifted , a major storm system is forecast to reach the region within 48 hours and could produce significant precipitation for Northern California and the Oroville area . The storm had been expected to reach Oroville late Wednesday but now forecasters say it will likely be Thursday and stick around through next week .
Residents faced traffic problems after the evacuation order went out and authorities said they are preparing to handle thousands of people returning . There were hints the evacuation would be lifted when people spotted road blocks being removed just after noon Tuesday .
Some of the evacuees have been staying at about a dozen shelters established in the region , including the fairgrounds in Chico , while others fled to hotels in locations such as Sacramento .
There have been concerns about Oroville Dam safety since the erosion of the primary spillway was discovered a week ago . Officials have insisted the dam itself is not at risk .
Last week , claims surfaced that state and federal officials failed to heed safety warnings about Oroville more than a decade ago . The Oroville Dam — the nation 's largest earthen dam — was completed in the late 1960s when Ronald Reagan was governor of California .
On Monday , the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ordered the the state water agency `` to initiate immediate design of emergency repair to minimize further degradation of both the emergency spillway and the service spillway . ''
Croyle , the acting director of DWR , defended the dam 's emergency spillway design saying it was `` built to the standards at the time [ in the 1960s ] . We are reviewing that information now . ''
Speaking late Monday , Gov . Jerry Brown too defended the state 's handling of the dam spillway crisis and welcomed more scrutiny .
Meantime , Brown late Monday requested federal assistance from President Donald Trump for the Oroville Dam incident . That request is still pending approval from the president .
Even so , during a press briefing Tuesday , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the president was `` keeping a close eye '' on the dam situation in California .
While Spicer did n't say whether Trump would grant an emergency declaration , the presidential spokesman said `` we will be working alongside with FEMA and appropriate government entities to make sure that we are doing everything we can to attend to this matter . ''
Each dog took part in one trial in which they were presented with a single sound stimulus from either one of eight conditions in which speech samples were resynthesized to vary the relative salience of segmental ( phonemic ) versus suprasegmental ( speaker cues and intonation ) information or from one of two control conditions ( Figure 1 ) . Using the head-orienting paradigm , the sound was played simultaneously from both sides of the subject , and the direction of the subject 's initial orienting response ( left or right ) was recorded . We obtained head-orienting responses from 25 dogs in each condition . Given that auditory information entering each ear is processed mainly in the contralateral hemisphere of the brain via the dominant contralateral auditory pathways [ ] , it is assumed that if the dog turns with its left ear leading in response to the sound , the acoustic input is processed primarily by the right hemisphere ( RH ) , whereas a right turn would indicate primary left hemisphere ( LH ) processing [ ] .
A binary logistic regression analysis identified a significant overall effect of auditory condition on head-turn direction [ Wald ( 8 ) = 37.61 , p < 0.001 ] , indicating that the content of the acoustic signals affected the direction of hemispheric lateralization during perception ( Figure 2 ) . There were no significant effects of subject sex ( p = 0.76 ) , age ( p = 0.15 ) , breed type ( p = 0.37 ) , current residence ( animal shelter or private home ; p = 0.16 ) , stimulus exemplar ( p = 0.23 ) , stimulus voice gender ( where applicable ; p = 0.70 ) , or test location ( p = 0.18 ) on responses .
To verify that the LH response bias was specific to the phonemic content , in test 2 , we further degraded the same command by replacing the first three formants with sine waves ( meaningful sine-wave speech ) , strongly reducing suprasegmental cues ( emotional and speaker related ) but retaining meaningful segmental phonemic information . Here , too , dogs showed a significant right-head-turn bias ( binomial test : 76 % right head turn , p = 0.015 ) , reinforcing the interpretation that in dogs the LH is sensitive to segmental phonemic information independently of the nature and naturalness of the acoustic elements composing the signal .
In test 1 , dogs were presented with a familiar learned command in which the original positive intonational cues were artificially degraded ( “ come on then ” with a flat intonation ; meaningful speech with neutralized intonation ) . They showed a significant right-head-turn response bias ( binomial test : 80 % right head turn , p = 0.004 ) , suggesting that when suprasegmental intonation is neutralized and segmental phonemic cues become more salient , dogs display a LH advantage .
We also tested dogs ' responses to emotional prosodic cues by presenting them with a version of the original command in which the phonemic components had been removed by extracting the formants and plosives , creating unintelligible speech-like vocal stimuli with reduced speaker cues but positive emotional prosody ( test 4 : meaningless voice with positive intonation ) . Here , too , dogs showed a significant left-head-turn bias ( binomial test : 28 % right head turn , p = 0.04 ) , showing that when segmental phonemic cues are neutralized and suprasegmental emotional prosodic cues become more salient , dogs also display a RH advantage . This result furthers recent neuroimaging evidence that auditory regions in the dog 's RH are sensitive to emotional valence in both conspecific calls and human nonverbal vocalizations , with increased activation in response to calls with greater positive valence [ ] . Similarly , humans show stronger RH activation not only in response to emotional speech prosody and vocalizations , but also when exposed to animal vocalizations with strong affective content independently from their familiarity with the species [ ] , suggesting that the perception of emotional content in vocalizations , and its lateralization to the RH , maybe be conservative across mammals .
Both speaker-related ( indexical ) and emotional ( dynamic ) cues are encoded in the suprasegmental content of speech signals . We first tested dogs ' responses to speaker-related indexical cues by exposing them to a comparable phrase with neutralized intonation , but spoken in an unfamiliar language ( test 3 : meaningless [ foreign ] speech with neutralized intonation ) . Here the phonemic cues were unfamiliar and the intonational prosodic cues were removed , whereas indexical speaker-related cues remained intact . Dogs in this condition showed a significant left-head-turn bias ( binomial test : 24 % right head turn , p = 0.015 ) , demonstrating a RH advantage when processing salient speaker-related suprasegmental content in speech . Dogs are known to perceive speaker-related vocal cues such as identity [ ] and gender [ ] , and the observed RH advantage is consistent with human RH lateralization when processing these features [ ] .
When , in test 5 , dogs were exposed to intact meaningful speech containing both segmental phonemic and suprasegmental prosodic cues ( “ come on then ” with happy intonation ; meaningful speech with positive intonation ) , no significant head-turn bias was found ( binomial test : 48 % right head turn , p = 1.00 ) . While directing dogs ' attention to either of these components using manipulated speech was found to produce opposite hemispheric biases in the previous tests , the simultaneous presence of salient segmental and suprasegmental cues that characterizes natural speech results in the absence of a bias at the population level [ ] .
Do Hemispheric Biases Relate to the Communicative Content of the Signal ?
22 Zatorre R.J .
Belin P. Spectral and temporal processing in human auditory cortex . 23 Poeppel D. The analysis of speech in different temporal integration windows : cerebral lateralization as ‘ asymmetric sampling in time ' . 24 van Lancker D. Cerebral lateralization of pitch cues in the linguistic signal . Two competing interpretations of hemispheric asymmetries [ ] can be applied to our observation that in dogs the LH is primarily sensitive to segmental phonemic content , whereas the RH is primarily sensitive to suprasegmental cues . Acoustic ( cue-dependent ) theories propose that in humans , auditory processing areas in the RH operate at a lower temporal resolution than those of the LH , resulting in a greater preference for processing slow acoustic modulation including suprasegmental cues in speech , whereas the LH is more specialized in analyzing rapidly changing auditory information such as phonemic cues . To test whether the RH bias in response to suprasegmental cues could be explained by a general preference for slow acoustic modulation , we presented dogs with a sine-wave tone matching the intonation contour of the original command ( test 6 : sine-wave intonation ) . No orientation bias was found in response to this condition ( binomial test : 56 % right head turn , p = 0.69 ) , signifying that the observed RH bias for suprasegmental cues in speech does not generalize to slow frequency modulation across any acoustic signals . Furthermore , in our study , dogs expressed opposite response biases to speech signals with equivalent spectrotemporal complexity ( meaningful and meaningless [ foreign ] speech with neutralized intonation ) , suggesting that the LH bias in dogs ' responses to meaningful phonemic cues was not purely dependent on the increased salience of the rapidly modulated components in the signal , but also on the functional relevance of these cues .
25 Vallortigara G .
Snyder A .
Kaplan G .
Bateson P .
Clayton N.S .
Rogers L.J . Are animals autistic savants . Our results therefore appear to be more consistent with the functional interpretation of lateralization , which proposes that hemispheric specialization is dependent on the communicative function of the acoustic content . Indeed , the observation that the LH is preferentially recruited when dogs process the phonemic cues of the highly familiar and learned command “ come on then ” is consistent with reports that the LH tends to respond to familiar or learned patterns across mammals [ ] . To clarify whether the LH bias observed in response to meaningful speech with neutralized intonation was related to the subjects ' familiarity with the command ( which could be related to familiarity with the speakers ' accents and/or familiarity with the phonemes independently of their meaning ) or whether this bias was dependent on the learned functional relevance of the command itself , we carried out additional tests changing either the familiarity of the speaker 's accent or the familiarity of the phonemic content in the signal .
Based on the significant LH response bias obtained in the meaningful sine-wave speech condition , in which the speaker-related cues were degraded , we predicted that reducing the familiarity of the speaker 's accent would not influence responses . Dogs presented with the original command with degraded prosodic cues , but spoken by a nonnative British speaker ( test 7 : meaningful speech in an unfamiliar accent with neutralized intonation ) , also showed a significant right-head-turn bias ( binomial test : 72 % right head turn , p = 0.04 ) , confirming that the LH response bias obtained in test 1 was not dependent on the familiarity of the speaker 's accent .
“ I never thought of Richard as a violent person before , ” said Mario Galluci , a lawyer who has known Mr. Luthmann for 15 years . “ Was he flamboyant ? Was he a little eccentric ? Absolutely . Did I always agree with his politics ? Absolutely not . But what I 've been reading does n't fit the profile . It almost sounds like he lost touch with reality . ”
The broad allegations against Mr. Luthmann were contained in court papers charging him with running an outlandish criminal scheme from his office on Victory Boulevard , a few blocks from the Staten Island Expressway . In an indictment issued on Friday , in Federal District Court in Brooklyn , prosecutors said that Mr. Luthmann joined forces with a blind man and two reputed mobsters to pack shipping containers with “ cheap filler material ” and fraudulently sell them to a group of local businesses as scrap metal . In the midst of the plot , prosecutors claim , Mr. Luthmann turned on one of his partners and had him held at gunpoint to collect a $ 7,000 debt .
But according to the government , the scrap-metal operation was only the tip of Mr. Luthmann 's iceberg of misconduct . In a detailed memorandum that describes conduct not charged in the indictment , prosecutors said that for the past several years , Mr. Luthmann has wielded lawsuits , social media attacks and threats of physical violence to wage a series of “ bullying campaigns ” that furthered his “ vendettas against his perceived enemies . ”
Staten Island is notorious for its operatic local politics , and much of Mr. Luthmann 's anger , those who know him said , stemmed from his own failed political career . In 2013 , he mounted a campaign for borough president , but was kicked off the ballot after courts determined that he lacked sufficient signatures to qualify . One month after his bid for office ended , he crashed his car into a guardrail in the middle of the night and was arrested and charged with drunken driving . While the charges made an embarrassing splash in the Staten Island media , they were eventually dismissed .
Being scorned by Staten Island 's political establishment so enraged Mr. Luthmann , prosecutors said , that he undertook an aggressive social media campaign against John Gulino , the chairman of the borough 's Democratic Party committee . According to court papers , Mr. Luthmann posted images of Mr. Gulino on the internet with hostile hash tags like “ # targetpractice ” and “ # hunting season. ” Not long after , prosecutors said , he asked one of his partners in the scrap-metal plot — a man alleged by the government to have Mafia connections — to “ beat up ” Mr. Gulino . The prosecutors also said that Mr. Luthmann asked the man to murder Kevin Elkins , the party committee 's former executive director .
Scammers are phoning unsuspecting victims and telling them their friend or relative is in jail but can be freed in exchange for prepaid gift cards , Calgary police say .
Dozens of Calgarians have fallen for the scam and the average reported loss is more than $ 2,500 .
Police say 60 per cent of the loses were in the form of iTunes prepaid gift cards . Cards for steam — an online gaming platform — made up 31 per cent of the loses .
The Calgary Police Service says it never contacts family members to free someone from custody , unless they are a minor . Adults who are arrested are given phone access to arrange for bail if required for their release .
As well , bail can only be paid in person at provincial courthouses or correctional centres , police say . And gift cards are not an acceptable form of payment .
So far this year , Calgarians report losing $ 168,000 through this scam .
In the latest version of this fraud scheme , scammers are often using an online app to spoof the phone number so it appears to be coming from either the police or the person who is supposedly in jail .
Police said the scammers tell their victims to stay on the phone as they go and purchase the gift cards . They then ask for the gift-card activation codes .
Tory MP Lucy Allan , who is already under pressure after making up a death threat , is now accused of bullying several staff members in tonight 's sensational Standard splash . They have a tape of Allan screaming and swearing at a staff member , mocking her and threatening her :
“ Listen — if you think you 're going to be clever Arianne you are going to come off worse . Please believe me . If you think you are going to be clever you are going to come off worse .
“ I 'm advising you to work as normal or resign . We all know you 're not ill. We 've seen a pattern of it . You 've taken three days off once a month for four months . ”
“ You do n't turn up for nausea . What planet are you on . I 'm sorry , “ gum disappointments ” or whatever you say — you just do n't turn up for that . ”
“ By the way , if you think you can go to some sort of tribunal — you 've got to think about your benefits here Arianne . ”
“ I actually have a life too , okay ? And you have pissed , pissed around on my life . You 've made it incredibly difficult . ”
Do Youz Knowz What I Meme ?
What 's in a meme ? Pardon meme ?
Let me explain . Or rather I 'll let the expert explain :
Ben Huh , CEO of the Cheezburger Network , works in the business of memes . He says a meme is an `` alternate media universe , where things echo off of each other , and people get very creative and strange and [ it 's ] a bit of a meritocratic process of finding out what 's good . ''
Huh 's company -- which runs 55 funny websites like failbook.com , which makes fun of Facebook ; verydemotivational.com , which posts photos of posters that demotivate ; and engrishfunny.com , which collects horrible mistranslations around the world -- gets about 20,000 pieces of content daily .
Huh also popularized of the mother of all memes : LolCats -- photos of cats that have different captions and are passed on from person to person .
via LolCats
The term meme was originally coined in the 1970s by Richard Dawkins , a British scientist and author of The Selfish Gene . Dawkins says a meme is something that spreads from person to person within a culture -- like a toy craze or a pop song .
But on the Internet , a meme can be changed by each person who comes across it -- and who passes it on . The perfect example , says Huh , is LolCats .
`` The idea of captioning cat photos is a perfect definition of a meme because it requires the participation and it requires the spread of that content from person to person , '' Huh tells All Things Considered host Melissa Block . `` Every person along the chain can actually create their own and put their own signature and stamp on it . And the rules of the game stay the same , which is cat photo plus caption . ''
YouTube
Still confused ? If you have n't seen the video that went viral on YouTube where a guy in Yosemite freaks out over seeing two rainbows , watch it .
YouTube
As you can see here , the video was mixed into a song by the Gregory Brothers of Auto-Tune the News .
If you were to make your own spin on it , like many others have , you would be part of a meme .
And you 'd contribute to Huh 's other definition of a meme : `` A huge distraction from everyday life that people can participate and remix and pass on . ''
Hurricane Irma devastated large portions of the Florida Keys—the 100-mile ribbon of low lying narrow islands connected by bridges to south Florida . The Keys , dense with tourist resorts and beachfront properties , took the full punch of the storm when it first landed as a category 4 hurricane . It is estimated that 25 percent of the 50,000 homes in the Keys were destroyed , and 65 percent sustained major damage .
In the coming weeks , property owners will be scrambling to assess the full scope of the damage . Those lucky enough to have insurance will likely begin rebuilding . The unlucky uninsured might sell their land and leave , and wealthier entrants are sure to jump on the opportunity to buy beachfront property on this coveted strip .
There is just one problem in this zeal to redevelop the islands : The Next Storm . The Keys—like much of south Florida 's waterfront—are sitting ducks . They have been ravaged in the past by major storms , and will be flattened again with greater frequency in the future . They are not meant to be an axle of human habitation . In short , the Keys should not be rebuilt .
A micro-illustration of the folly of developing the barrier islands comes from the tale of tiny Dauphin Island off the coast of Alabama . The island is home to 1300 residents and many tourist rental houses . It has been rattled by nearly a dozen hurricanes since 1979 . Each time , the government pays the bulk of the reconstruction , a serial money burning enterprise that already cost over $ 150 million .
I realize that there is something entirely un-American in abandoning frontier land after a natural disaster . It is therefore all too certain that politicians will make grandiose declarations about the government 's duty to stimulate—and to lavishly fund—massive redevelopment of the battered periphery . This is exactly what happened after Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy , and it will happen again : massive public funding for rebuilding .
It is highly likely , however , that if left to their own devices many of the Keys ' current property owners would move elsewhere . They would take the insurance money and buy homes away from severe weather . But this relocation is not going to happen in Florida because the government pays people to stay . How ? By subsidizing their insurance premiums . Both federal and state programs use taxpayers ' money to make it artificially cheap to continue to live in the Keys .
The state of Florida—through a state owned insurance company—helps all its homeowners afford insurance against wind damage . Of course , those living inland ( usually the less affluent ) do n't need and do n't get the subsidy because the risk they face of high winds is small and insurance is already cheap . The coastal residents are the big beneficiaries of the subsidies , and nowhere more than in the Keys ' Monroe County . Likewise , the federal government helps all homeowners in low plains buy insurance against flood damage , but again those living inland do n't need and do n't get the subsidy because storm surges rarely reach them .
The result of these federal and state insurance subsidies is to dramatically reduce insurance premiums in coastal areas , making them a small fraction of what they otherwise would be if set to equal the true cost of the risk . The subsidy is so enormous that a few years ago , soon after Superstorm Sandy , Congress grumbled about its cost and passed a law to scale it back . Sure enough , the cost insurance in waterfront areas immediately skyrocketed , and people complained . One household said its flood premium rose more than ten-fold , from $ 458 to $ 5,500 . Another reported its annual premium rising from $ 5000 to $ 66,000 per year . Many owners trying to sell properties found that buyers were chilled by the insurance cost . Protests from all around the country led Congress to quickly reverse course and pass another law , reinstalling the old subsidies .
All the evidence suggests that if insurance were to reflect the true risk of living in the path of storms , most people would not live there . Wealthy proprietors might be willing to pay to own homes ( mostly second homes ) on the water . But ordinary people can not afford such insurance price tags . In a world of private unsubsidized insurance , people would move away because—we know this from FEMA surveys—people are willing to pay no more than 2 % of the property value for insurance coverage . Without the subsidy , they would often have to pay 10 % or more .
Major disasters like Hurricane Irma expedite a dilemma that we should confront sooner rather than later : how to deal with rising sea levels , increased coastal erosion , and recurring floods . We can desperately cling to these strips : construct water barriers , raise the elevation of homes , or keep rebuilding . Or , we can begin a gradual hundred-year process of migration inland . People may contest scientists ' predictions that low lands will ultimately be flooded . But if they had to pay true cost of insuring against this risk , reason will triumph over ideology .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
July 5 , 2017 , 5:28 PM GMT / Updated July 5 , 2017 , 5:28 PM GMT By Ariana Brockington
A Hawaii teacher says she was forced to hold her toddler son in her lap for a three-and-a-half hour flight because of a mix-up in United Airlines ' system .
“ It was unsafe , uncomfortable and unfair , '' Shirley Yamauchi told NBC News . `` I could n't believe it was happening to me . ''
Yamauchi said the seat she purchased for her 27-month old son was given to a standby passenger . Yamauchi said she purchased two tickets — almost $ 1,000 each — for a trip from Hawaii to Boston with a layover in Houston .
After waiting more than five hours last Thursday in Houston to board , Yamauchi said she and her son were exhausted . Once they were seated , a United flight attendant came to see if Yamauchi 's son , Taizo , who was in his seat , was on the plane .
The Kapolei Middle School teacher said a man who was a standby passenger approached her and said her son was in his seat . She said she notified a flight attendant about the confusion but , “ She shrugged and said the flight is full . ”
Yamauchi , 42 , said she hastily had to place her son , who is 25 pounds and half her 5 ' 2 ” frame , on her lap . She said the standby passenger was one of the last people to board the plane . The flight quickly departed after he sat down and no other flight attendants questioned her about her son , she said .
The teacher claims for the entire duration of the flight , no one addressed her having her son in her lap despite her struggling to put the seat belt over both of them . Taizo had to stand or crouch on the floor because Yamauchi said he became too heavy to hold . “ He 's a tall child for a toddler . He comes up to my belly button . It was a three and a half hours flight , ” she said .
The ticketing guidelines on United 's website state , “ Once infants turn two years old , they are required to have a purchased ticket and occupy a seat . ”
Yamauchi said she did not try to alert another flight attendant due to recent problems on United aircraft , such as the April incident where a doctor was forcibly removed from his seat .
“ If I were traveling by myself without my child , I would have spoken up a little louder or more forcefully , ” Yamauchi said .
Shirley Yamauchi said United Airlines made her fly with her 27-month-old son in her lap on a flight from Houston to Boston , despite having purchased a seat for him . Shirley Yamauchi
“ Those are things that happen to other people . They do n't happen to you , ” she said . “ I had hoped United had changed their policy after the Dr. Dao incident . ”
“ I had an email from Oscar Munoz saying they were going to do better , '' Yamauchi said referencing the customer email the airline 's CEO sent following the public 's response to Dr. Dao 's injuries . Munoz also addressed the controversy during an exclusive interview with NBC News ' Lester Holt .
When the flight landed , Yamauchi informed multiple United staff members about what happened . “ I was told four different things from four agents , ” she said . One told her that she should have said something when she was on board .
United contacted Yamauchi Tuesday and told her that her son 's ticket will be refunded and she will be sent a travel voucher .
United Airlines spokesman Jonathan Guerin said in a statement , “ On a recent flight from Houston to Boston , we inaccurately scanned the boarding pass of Ms. Yamauchi 's son . As a result , her son 's seat appeared to be not checked in , and staff released his seat to another customer and Ms. Yamauchi held her son for the flight . We deeply apologize to Ms. Yamauchi and her son for this experience . ”
Yamauchi is unsatisfied with the explanation . “ I saw them zap both tickets . There was no issue , no problem . They let us through . It just does n't add up . It 's very weird , ” she said . She also does n't agree with the compensation . “ It does n't seem right or enough for pain and discomfort . ”
Drake was interviewed by Elliott Wilson on Sunday night as part of his CRWN interview series . Early on , highlights included Drake pouring champagne for a mother who is in the front row and the Toronto native confirming that he has collaborated with the Wu-Tang Clan , whom he honored with his song `` Wu-Tang Forever '' on his upcoming album , Nothing Was The Same .
`` GFK called me up during rehearsal & told me I know I got this fake Twitter account talking talk , but you 're one of my favorite MC 's '' — Chris Uño ( @ CRS_One ) September 23 , 2013
Drake confirmed he 's got a track w/ the Wu . It 's coming soon . # JustWaitOnIt — Chris Uño ( @ CRS_One ) September 23 , 2013
UPDATE : Drake and Wilson talked about Kendrick Lamar 's `` Control '' verse . Apparently , the two met each other at the MTV Video Music Awards and the encounter was peaceful .
The reaction after @ drake asked @ elliottwilson if he remembers how Kendrick 's `` Control '' verse started . `` Nope . '' https : //t.co/3KCn4h806P — Aylin Zafar ( @ azafar ) September 23 , 2013
`` I Saw him 5 days later @ the VMA 's & it was all love '' — Chris Uño ( @ CRS_One ) September 23 , 2013
Drake said that `` Pound Cake '' was intended for Jay-Z 's last album , Magna Carta Holy Grail . The song came about when he was working with Beyonce in the studio .
When asked about Miley Cyrus ' controversial performance at the VMAs , Drake said that he had not watched it .
'Pound Cake ' was originally meant for Magna Carta , however Drake asked for it back and the song turned into what it is . # crwn — Word On Road ( @ WordOnRd ) September 23 , 2013
“ @ OVOMadison : “ @ WordOnRd : Drake confirmed that he was not watching Miley Cyrus 's performance during the VMAs . # crwn ” ” — 2 days . ( @ Jadagraham_ ) September 23 , 2013
Drake confirmed that the music video for `` Hold On , We 're Going Home '' will be coming out this week .
Hold On Video dropping this week . # CRWN — Chris Uño ( @ CRS_One ) September 23 , 2013
Speaking on his appearance for Justin Timberlake 's upcoming The 20/20 Experience ( 2 of 2 ) , Drake said that he will be channeling the spirit of the incarcerated Lil Boosie on the song , `` Cabaret . ''
`` On Cabaret : I gave him 24 bars , I went in ! I may have even sung a Lil boosie song ! '' — Chris Uño ( @ CRS_One ) September 23 , 2013
Drake just said he sings a Lil Boosie song in the middle of his verse on Justin Timberlake 's next album . This is a real thing . # CRWN — ItsTheReal ( @ itsthereal ) September 23 , 2013
Drake was asked about `` Too Much , '' his collaboration with Sampha that he premiered on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon . He said that the disclaimer he gave prior to the performance was for his mother . When he played the song for her prior to his television appearance , she got upset that he had not had a conversation with her prior to putting it down in music . Drake explained that in his mind , they had already had numerous conversations , and so he felt that he needed to get it off his chest in the booth .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Drake asked his mother to listen to 'Too Much ' days before Fallon . The song upset her . He gave that disclaimer for her . — JasFly ( @ JasFly ) September 23 , 2013
Elliott Wilson 's CRWN interview with Drake will be available in three different segments , with the first part premiering on Myspace this Wednesday , September 25 .
RELATED : Nothing Was The Same : Complex Staff 's First Impressions of Drake 's New Album
RELATED : 25 Lyrics From Drake 's `` Nothing Was The Same '' That Will Make You Want To Text Your Ex
RELATED : 50 Things Drake Has Been Compared To in WorldStarHipHop Comments
Getty Images
The schedule for the 2017 season is set to be announced this week , which means that we will find out which team will be visiting Gillette Stadium to play the Patriots in the first game of the season .
The Falcons are on New England 's home schedule this year , but it does n't look like the NFL will opt for a second straight Super Bowl rematch on the first Thursday of the season . Ben Volin of the Boston Globe reports that the opener will “ almost certainly ” involve the Chiefs coming to town .
The Chiefs went 12-4 last season and lost to the Steelers in the divisional round of the playoffs after winning the second seed in the conference as the AFC West champs . The Dolphins and Texans join the Falcons and Chiefs as the other 2016 playoff teams on the Patriots ' home slate , but it appears those games will also come later in the season .
The Falcons , per Volin , will likely be opening their new stadium on Sunday Night Football in Week One . The other three NFC South teams , Packers , Vikings , Bills , Dolphins and Cowboys are possible opponents .
Despite Bitcoin 's biggest ever trading day culminating in a $ 14,000 high , England 's Coutts bank is steering clear of the cryptocurrency .
Joining the chorus of Bitcoin naysayers like Jamie Dimon and Dennis Gartman , Coutts Bank , whose list of esteemed clients include the British royal family , are skeptical at best about the meteoric rise of the value of Bitcoin .
Speaking to The Telegraph , analyst Lilian Chovin declared the virtual currency a speculative asset that holds no tangible value .
“ Its sharp rise brought back memories of the dotcom bubble back at the turn of the century . ”
“ Our view at Coutts is that , as an investment asset , electronic currencies like Bitcoin have nothing but sentiment backing them up . ”
Chovin went on to note that the prevailing atmosphere around Bitcoin was highly skeptical , mainly because of the capital gains made by early investors .
Another concern is the inability to predict what the future holds for virtual currencies in terms of government legislation and regulations :
“ They are vulnerable to government sanctions and lack the kind of data we look for to gauge value . We , therefore , have no current plans to include them in our investment strategy . ”
Ironically , the analyst noted the potential applications of Blockchain technology as something the bank is paying close attention .
Staying clear of a Blockchain-based cryptocurrency , Coutts could potentially invest in other industries that find innovative ways to apply Blockchain technology , according to Chovin :
“ In our view , the development of Blockchain technology , which sits behind so-called ‘ cryptocurrencies ' like Bitcoin , is a far more interesting area to watch . ”
“ This new technology has the potential to disrupt any field where there 's the need for secure , transferable records . ”
Eye on futures launch
While most banks have kept their distance from cryptocurrencies , there is no doubt that they will be watching the launch of Bitcoin futures by CBOE and CME in the next two weeks .
The trade exchanges will blaze the trail ahead of less-ambitious institutional investors - and their success and failure will be scrutinized by the rest of the financial world .
Katy Farber was mentoring another teacher at her school in Vermont when that teacher quit after only two years . She was stunned . Her mentee was enthusiastic , creative , and the kids loved her . Farber decided to study the issue of teacher attrition , why we lose so many so early , and in the process began hearing consistent messages from teachers across the country . This was also at a point in her own professional career that potentially represented a cross-roads for her :
A perfect storm of difficult parents , a new principal , and a new teaching partner brought many of these issues to the forefront for me ( p. xiii )
This book is something you can choose to sit down and read through , but the design makes it clear that there are other approaches you can take . After the various introductory materials , there are eight chapters , followed by a brief set of Final Thoughts by the author , a list of references , and an index . Each of the eight chapters focuses on a specific area that is a source of tension and possible disillusionment for teachers . In order , these are
1 . Standardized Testing
2 . Working Conditions in Today 's Schools
3 . Ever-Higher Expectations
4 . Bureaucracy
5 . Respect and Compensation
6 . Parents
7 . Administrators
8 . School Boards
Each chapter presents a real-life scenario , drawn from Farber 's contacts with teachers through conversations , posts on blogs , emails , and other forms of communication . The scenarios are followed by discussions containing thoughts from additional teachers , as well as a list of suggestions Farber describes as `` practicable , applicable recommendations for administrators and teacher leaders '' ( p. xvi ) .
It is fair to say that while there is no one single reason causing teachers to leave the profession , a large number of the reasons that influence them , and which Farber explores in this book , could be generally classified as experiencing a lack of respect . That lack of respect applies to skill , knowledge , work conditions , salary , treatment by administrators , and treatment by parents .
Let 's focus on working conditions for a moment . Teachers have far less flexibility for things like bodily functions and meals than do most menial workers . There are also issues with unhealthy buildings , use of toxic substances to clean . There are real issues of safety . Imagine you have a college degree . Now imagine you may have to go three hours without being able to take a bathroom break , or that you may have a lunch period as short as 15-20 minutes to yourself . That is the real world of conditions for many teachers .
Or consider this . A significant proportion of teachers , particularly at the elementary level , are female . If they are starting families , and wish to breastfeed an infant , is there any provision for a teacher to express milk during the school day ? Or is our solution going to be that we are going to exclude nursing mothers from being in the classroom , even though we might thereby diminish the pool of highly qualified and effective teachers ?
Farber offers thoughtful comments from teachers on all the topics she covers . Because the impact of testing is perhaps the most covered of these , I will not explore the valuable material she offers on that topic . But we should not avoid exploring the related topic of ever-higher expectations . Even without the imposition of such higher expectations , responsible teachers already feel crushed by the demands on the time they have . Increasingly , the demands `` are not directly related to teaching students '' which as Farber notes , is often the main motivation for teachers to be in the classroom . She also writes :
This state of affairs is exhausting and dispiriting . Many teachers shared that they simply do n't have enough time to do everything that they feel they should be doing . And it is eroding their personal and professional lives . ( p. 44 )
The advice offered by veteran teachers is to set limits , as one experience suggests to no more than 9 hours of school-related work daily . Yet this can create conflicts for those really dedicated to their students . If , for example , I were to limit my workday to 9 hours , of which 7.5 were in school , how could I conceivably read and correct papers from the vast majority of my 192 students in order for those corrections to be part of a meaningful learning experience ? Do I limit the amount of work I assign in order to keep up with it ? Do I shortchange the feedback to which my students are entitled ? Do I allow the responsibilities of effective teaching to consume time that should be available for things outside of my school responsibilities ? None of the three choices is truly acceptable , yet in reality for many teachers such are the options from which they can choose . Choices like this are just one example of the pressures that many good teachers experience , and that can help drive them from the profession .
Hopefully by now you have a sense that that book will connect you with the real experience of real teachers . The structure provides not merely their reactions , but a context from which those reactions flow , as well as material that can help ameliorate some of the problems that are contributing to our losing some of the teachers we really want to keep .
Just that justifies purchasing the book as a valuable reference tool . But that is not all one gets from this book . The final four pages of text , 153-156 , are under the title of `` Afterward : Final Thoughts '' and these pages bring together final conclusions from the wealth of material Farber has provided . There are three sections , titled respectively , Why Teachers Teach , : To Educational Leaders , policymakers and Politicians ; and To Teachers . In the first , Farber tells that most teachers look beyond the challenges discussed in the book .
They tend to be idealists . They strive constantly to improve their teaching , public education , and the lives of their students . It is our responsibility as citizens , educational leaders , parents , and politicians to support them in doing so . ( p. 153 )
In the 2nd , directed to those who are not teachers but have a great influence on education , Farber offers 4 points , the last of which is this :
Elevate the dialogue about public education by infusing your comments , thoughts , and ideas about education with respect for the hard work that teachers are doing in America . As you may have noticed from this book and several others like it , teaching is no easy task . Before making broad and sweeping pronouncements about education , think how your comments will forward the goals of educating children and supporting teachers . ( p. 155 )
Speaking as a teacher , were the public dialogue about education more respectful about teachers , we would likely be less resentful of others who do not understand the task of teaching and seek to impose `` solutions '' without regard to the real welfare of the students who are our primary concern .
Farber concludes with words directed towards teachers . You have already read , at the very beginning of this review , her final words . In this final portion of the book she refers to words by Jonathan Kozol about making the classroom `` a better and more joyful place than when [ the students ] entered it '' ( from his Letters to a Young Teacher ) . Kozol also reminds us that we can not let our concern for professional decorum overwhelm and suppress our very human need to reach out to and comfort our students . Farber concludes her quoting of Kozol with words from p. 208 of that book directed to teachers : `` A battle is beginning for the soul of education , and they must be its ultimate defenders . ''
Farber wants teachers to remember why we got into education , to reconnect with our beliefs , use those to fuel our energy . Or as she puts in the final sentence of her penultimate paragraph on p. 156 : `` Remember your core beliefs about life , learning , and teaching , and then let them guide and refresh you . ''
For public education to properly serve our students and our society , we must focus on quality teachers . They are the most important in-school factor . We certainly do not want to discourage the best of them , to continue to see them leave the profession out of frustration .
This is a book by a teacher , with words of teachers , about teachers , and about the challenges they face . It can remind those of us who do teach why we do so , not only to reconnect us with our core beliefs , but also to motivate us to speak up beyond our individual classrooms on behalf of the well-being of our students and the ultimate success of public schools .
The book is also something that others concerned with education should read with care , if for no other reason that no meaningful improvement in public education can occur without a solid and continuing cadre of dedicated and committed and highly skilled teachers . Insofar as politicians , policymakers and others ignore that , they will undermine the possibilities of any meaningful reform .
We can no longer continue the ongoing loss of skilled teachers . It costs too much financially . It costs even more in lost learning and benefits to our society .
I highly recommend that anyone concerned about the future of public education read and absorb this book . That would be a good start towards turning our discussions about educational policy in directions less destructive of the core of skilled teachers we have but we are losing .
DELTONA , Fla. - Eight teens -- ranging from 13 to 16 years old -- were arrested Wednesday in Volusia County on allegations of ambushing a deliveryman and stealing pizza , chicken wings and soda from him .
The robbery happened around 4:30 p.m. at a house in the 1000 block of Abagail Drive in Deltona .
According to the Volusia County Sheriff 's Office , the driver he was delivering a pizza to the home when some teens snuck up and threw a blanket or sheet over his head . The culprits took off with pizza , chicken wings and soda , said deputies , who added that no weapons were used and no money was taken from the driver .
The teens were last seen running with the pizza boxes toward Discovery Elementary School , possibly down a trail into a wooded area , the Sheriff 's Office said . Two deputies headed down the trail with a K-9 to search for them and found three pizza boxes , empty Pepsi and Mountain Dew bottles and several footprints .
Another deputy found four teens walking out of the woods and asked one of them if they had any Pepsi lately , the Sheriff 's Office said . The teen replied that the `` the pizza man '' had given him a couple of bottles earlier , according to officials .
Deputies found two more teens in the area and two others were identified through the course of interviews , officials said .
All eight boys -- three 13-year-olds , a 14-year-old , two 15-year-olds and two 16-year-olds -- were arrested on charges of robbery by sudden snatching , conspiracy to commit robbery and burglary to an unoccupied dwelling .
Officials said the house to which the pizza was delivered is vacant .
Copyright 2014 by ClickOrlando.com . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
About a minute in and WHHAAAATTTTTTTT ! ! ! ! ! ! ? Chances camo pants is in a coma right now ? 2 to 1 ?
I have no idea why two men would feel the need to host an all out brawl in a convenience store like a 7-Eleven or an In-And-Out . You can find all the candy , slurpees , beer , lottery tickets and 8-hour old pizza you need in one of those joints , and I just do n't understand why you would be unhappy enough to fight someone – and wreck the entire fucking store in the process – over something probably trivial .
Now , I know the more hobo-esque of the guys in the video above was purporting that money was stolen from him before he got walloped with that glass bottle not once but twice , and that 's not cool . But still , take it outside fellas . Pretty sure it does n't matter who instigated what , but taking a glass bottle to someone else 's dome in this situation 1,000,000 % constitutes assault . Especially because it was caught on film .
I almost have to applaud the guy who risked his own life standing around and recording this , too . Holding it down right in the eye of the storm , knowing the violence could come his way at any second . Also , it was amazing that he did n't say a word after the bottle smashing when these two incoherent fools were still arguing back and forth .
If it was me , I would n't have been able to resist yelling “ WORLDSTARRRRR ! ” like a billion times .
[ h/t Barstool Philly ]
She 's making the headlines ! Brooke Shields is set to star in a recurring role on the upcoming 19th season of of Law & Order : Special Victims Unit , NBC revealed on Friday , August 11 .
While there are few known details about her character , the Suddenly Susan actress , 52 , hinted that her role will cause trouble for New York 's finest and shake up Lieutenant Olivia Benson 's ( Mariska Hargitay ) world .
“ I play a very different character from any I have ever played , ” Shields hinted in a statement shared with Us Weekly . “ I 'm excited to stir the SVU pot a bit . ”
Fans of the long-running NBC drama tweeted their excitement and guessed what role the Blue Lagoon star will be playing .
brooke shields is gon na be a regular on SVU this season . i think this is god trying to make up for 2017 — danika ? ️‍ ? ( @ nasty_danika ) August 11 , 2017
One viewer surmised that Shields would portray Benson 's former boyfriend 's love interest !
What if Brooke shields plays Elliot 's old lover and Brooke rubs it in Olivia 's face every chance she gets — lala ( @ marchriska ) August 11 , 2017
Another wondered if the Pretty Baby actress would be Benson 's sister .
So excited to welcome @ BrookeShields to # SVU but if she comes on and steals my dream role as @ Mariska sister I 'll be VERY disappointed . pic.twitter.com/ThAflbpaHl — Anne ( @ AnneBerger_54 ) August 11 , 2017
Philip Winchester will also join the cast to reprise the role of his Chicago Justice character , Peter Stone , son of Law & Order 's Benjamin Stone ( Michael Moriarty ) . Winchester will make his SVU debut halfway through the season as an ADA in New York , according to The Hollywood Reporter .
The cast has already begun filming season 19 . Hargitay , 53 , celebrated the first day of filming this week with an Instagram photo of herself in character .
Season 18 of the hit series ended with a deathly cliffhanger after Rafael Barba ( Raul Esparza ) and Benson struggled to bring a complicated case with untrustworthy witnesses to trial . Although justice was finally served in the end , Benson and Barba discover that five lives were taken in the aftermath .
Law & Order : SVU season 19 premieres on NBC on Wednesday , September 12 , at 9 p.m . ET .
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news , hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox !
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone ? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now !
Even if you 're not signed up to Strava you 'll be well aware of what it is and what an impact the San Francisco-based start-up has had on cycling culture in the short period it 's been around.The phrases “ Segment hunter ” and “ If it is n't on Strava it never happened ” are now regally heard on bunch rides , in coffee shops and bantered around social media sites . Strava has , for many people , changed the face of cycling . It 's become part and parcel of training and riding.CyclingTips ' roving reporter Dave Everett headed to Strava 's San Francisco offices recently to learn more about the company 's growth since last time we spoke to them , and where the company is headed from here .
For a company that has only been in existence since 2009 Strava 's had a profound impact on the sport . For some it 's added to and aided their training routine , helping to easily track cycling performance and allow riders to compare themselves to one another . It 's carved out and created a new scene within cycling — for many , going out and claiming KOMs and QOMs is what a ride is all about .
You only need to look at the leaderboards on any of the challenges that Strava sets up — whether that 's the FebFifteen or a climbing challenge — to see that people now use it as a motivational tool . I 'm sure in many cases the cyclists who sit atop these leaderboards would n't have completed the crazy distances or elevation gain were it not for the online competition .
I 've been using the site for four years and in that time I 've seen the the site change from a platform that originally felt like it was predominately for reviewing personal performances and tracking training , to what it is now — a thriving social community that spills from the online world into our everyday cycling world ( and back again ) .
Strava 's offices are just as you 'd expect from a rapidly growing start up . Minimalist and open , a multitude of Apple computers sit on desks with staff busily analysing the data that fills the screens . Painted from floor to ceiling at the far end of the office space is the company logo in its bright orange and white lettering .
The one major surprise for me was the sheer number of staff that are currently working in the San Francisco office . Here alone it totals 75 , with a small group of three in a London office . Over in East New Hampshire there are an extra three working on the new Strava Metro data , but more on that later .
From the number of bikes hanging up in the huge bike parking area and the racks of trainers sitting close to the showers it 's clear that a large majority of the 75 staff at Strava are keen athletes .
In the communal meeting area a wall is covered in race numbers and the large kitchen shows little signs of junk food , though coffee seems to be a high priority . Clearly this is yet another area where the coffee culture of the cycling world and the IT world come together .
Around the main office space sit smaller meeting rooms , each named after a country . Fittingly , the Australian meeting room was where I was to catch up with Michael Oldenburg , Strava 's senior communications manager .
The growth of Strava has been staggering . Even though Michael would n't offer up exact subscriber numbers ( according to our calculations it could be as high as 7 million ) , he did say that three million activities are uploaded on a weekly basis . This is growing , and a third of users access the site on a daily basis .
Interestingly , while the high-pitched beep of a Garmin computer turning on is as synonymous with a start of a ride now as the sound of the clicking of cleats into pedals , according to Strava most users actually track their activity via the smartphone apps rather than on their cycling computer .
Strava 's growth in recent years has helped the company secure vital funding from various sources with the latest $ 18.5 million injection taking the company 's funding total to $ 34.6 million in its short life . I asked Strava spokesperson Michael Oldenburg how this new funding would be used .
“ The additional capital allows Strava to continue to develop its leadership in the world of digital sports ” , he said . “ The financing will be used to continue to expand Strava 's business , focusing on two areas – growing our global community of athletes and supporting new sports ” .
Even up to this point Strava has n't turned a profit . The company 's revenue comes from several sources : the sale of their Metro data ( read more below ) , subscription sales of the Strava premium service and the sale of items in the Strava store , including Garmin products and a new clothing line .
But obviously investment is needed to keep the ball rolling at this stage . For any start-up , going out and securing this funding can be a tough gig , even for a company like Strava . So how do they go about securing this funding ?
“ Our management team met with various venture capital firms and ultimately selected to partner with Sequoia , one of the most respected firms in Silicon Valley ” , Michael Oldenburg said . “ The Sequoia portfolio represents the ‘ who 's who ' of Silicon Valley technology companies and we believe the opportunity to learn from other companies in their portfolio that have faced similar situations and challenges is an advantage for Strava ” .
While many people see Strava as a training and activity-logging tool , its rapid growth and the amount of data that is generated from users uploading rides , means the company has been able to move in other directions . The company 's hope is that they will be able to benefit not just the people using the site , but communities around the globe .
You may have seen pictures of Strava 's Heat Maps ( see below ) ; maps of all the rides logged and layered together to show where it 's popular to ride and where it 's not quite so popular . It apparently took the data from 78 million rides to generate the images we can see on the Global Heat Map now .
Strava Metro is a project that uses the same rider and runner data as Heat Maps , but strips out all personal data , starting points and finishing points . This can then be used by departments of transportation , advocacy groups and city planners . The information allows these bodies to get real-world detail on where people actually ride and run , what roads they avoid and a whole host of other detail that would be of great help when planning future bike and pedestrian paths .
With nearly half the rides logged on Strava being commutes to work it 's a highly accurate and informative database that has , until now , never been available or possible to create .
Strava is already working with the US state of Oregon and the cities of Orlando , Glasgow , London and Melbourne , among others , to help the relevant authorities understand and crunch the data they need to help make cycling safer in these areas .
The growth of the site has been rapid and the Strava lifestyle has been taken up by athletes in pretty much every country worldwide . Indeed , 75 % of Strava activities are now logged outside of the company 's native USA * .
Expanding and developing the user experience for a worldwide market is a job that 's taken several years . In 2012 the site existed only in English . Come 2013 , eleven further languages were added to the site . In 2014 the app was localised into eleven languages and expanded to cover 23 sports .
Of course it has n't all been smooth sailing for Strava . You may remember back in 2010 when a Strava user , William “ Kim ” Flint , died while trying to reclaim a KOM on a descent . His family attempted to sue Strava for encouraging dangerous behaviour and failing to take adequate measures to ensure user safety . The case was later dismissed by a San Francisco judge .
That particular incident created significant backlash against Strava at the time , so how does the company ensure situations like this do n't occur again ?
For a start they rely on the users themselves to self-police the site and look out for one other . With the ability to flag dangerous or illegal segments people can now be part of a community that , hopefully , will stop future accidents . Strava 's user agreement is pretty extensive too . But will this be enough ? Only time will tell .
So what 's next for Strava ? With new gizmos such as Google Glass , the Apple Watch and mobile phones becoming more powerful , the technology is there for new and exciting developments . But focusing on localising and making the service more personal is one area where Strava is currently investing much of its time .
One interesting yet slightly niche development is a coffee shop feature for the app . The folks at Strava are using data to work out where people meet during rides by looking at the location and the length of time the app is stationary for .
With sports bodies like the UCI looking at the potential of on-bike footage and live data analysis this is also an area that , Michael Oldenburg tells me , Strava is already looking at . Will we one day be able to compare our efforts live on a home trainer to the efforts of a pro in a stage of a Grand Tour ? In some sense we already can , thanks to pros like Lars Boom recording their rides on Strava ( including Boom 's epic stage 5 win at this year 's Tour de France ) . But you get the feeling this is only the beginning .
Whether you 're a Strava user , or someone that feels Strava has corrupted cycling , it 's hard to ignore the way the company is changing the way people are coming together within cycling and how cycling stories are being shared . We look forward to seeing how things progress from here .
* The original version of this article incorrectly stated that 95 % of Strava activities were logged outside of the USA .
It appeared Trump 's ex-national security adviser did n't receive permission for or properly report foreign funds and that White House refused to provide files
Donald Trump 's former national security adviser , Michael Flynn , likely violated the law when he failed to disclose payments he had received from Russia and Turkey , the leading Republican and Democrat on the House oversight committee said on Tuesday .
Committee chairman Jason Chaffetz , a Republican from Utah , and ranking member Elijah Cummings , a Democrat from Maryland , said it appeared Flynn had not received permission for or properly reported the funds he received from a 2015 speech in Russia and lobbying work his firm did for Turkey .
What did the White House counsel tell Trump about Flynn – and why does it matter ? Read more
The two lawmakers also said the White House had refused to provide them with documents requested by the committee related to Flynn 's security clearance and payments from an organization with ties to foreign governments . The House oversight committee requested the documents last month .
The congressmen spoke to reporters after a classified meeting at which members reviewed documents provided by the Pentagon related to Flynn 's application for security clearance , which Cummings described as “ extremely troubling ” .
Chaffetz said he saw “ no data ” in the documents he reviewed that confirmed Flynn had complied with the law .
“ As a former military officer , you simply can not take money from Russia , Turkey or anybody else , ” Chaffetz said . “ And it appears as if he did take that money , it was inappropriate and there are repercussions for a violation of law . ”
In 2015 , Flynn received about $ 45,000 for attending Russian state TV network RT 's gala dinner in Moscow , where he sat next to Russian president Vladimir Putin . He also received $ 530,000 for consulting work that likely benefited the Turkish government while working as a top adviser to Trump 's presidential campaign .
“ He was supposed to get permission , he was supposed to report it , and he did n't , ” Cummings said .
Cummings said he would like to call Flynn before the committee to explain “ why he concealed these payments ” . But the chairman said that the committee is unlikely to ask Flynn to testify as he believes it is the purview of the House intelligence committee .
Cummings called it “ simply unacceptable ” that the White House had refused to comply with the committee 's information request but stopped short of saying that the administration was blocking its investigation .
“ I would n't call it obstruction , ” Cummings said .
White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended the White House 's denial of the request . He insisted that “ the committee has the documents ” but said that they were not in the White House 's possession but had been turned over by the Department of Defense . He also said that the request for all of Flynn 's foreign contacts was “ very unwieldy ” .
Spicer also placed all blame on Flynn rather than the White House 's vetting process for his lack of disclosure , noting that applicants “ fill out the forms ” . He dodged the question if Flynn violated the law , saying : “ That would be a question for him and a law enforcement agency. ” Spicer did concede that if a current White House employee took money from Russia Today , it would be considered a payment by a foreign government .
Flynn was forced to resign in February when it emerged that he had lied to the vice-president , Mike Pence . Flynn said he had not discussed lifting US sanctions on Russia with Sergei Kislyak , Moscow 's US ambassador , but later admitted this was untrue .
In a statement , Flynn 's consul , Robert Kelner said : “ As has previously been reported , General Flynn briefed the Defense Intelligence Agency [ DIA ] , a component agency of [ Department of Defense ] , extensively regarding the RT speaking event trip both before and after the trip , and he answered any questions that were posed by DIA concerning the trip during those briefings . ”
Last month , Flynn , through his lawyer , indicated he was willing to testify before the FBI and congressional committees about potential links between the Trump campaign and Russia in exchange for immunity .
Determined to win the title of Canada 's next Prime Minister , Jagmeet Singh gave Saskatoon a glimpse at his politically-fueled priorities on Thursday .
The newly-elected leader of the federal New Democrats visited Saskatoon at the Federation of Sovereign Indigenous Nations Legislative Assembly in TCU Place as part of his cross-Canada tour .
Before reporters had a chance to ask questions , Singh addressed the issue of violence against Indigenous women .
`` When there are missing and murdered Indigenous women , especially Indigenous women , it communicates that there is something less sacred about those lives , '' he said , adding that federal funding for the MMIW inquiry is vital for its success .
Singh being introduced at the FSIN Legislative Assembly by FSIN Chief Bobby Cameron . ( CBC )
Although some politicians have been known for not keeping promises or following through on policy , Singh insists the NDP 's plans can bring Canada closer to reconciliation .
`` I 've spoken about how important it is for us to have policies that acknowledge that the people who are most discriminated against are often racialized , Indigenous people , '' Singh said , adding that his proposed criminal justice system will help lower numbers of Indigenous people behind bars .
Language
The NDP leader stressed that Indigenous languages are `` national treasures , '' which provide insight , wisdom and teachings .
`` We need to fund their promotion , their support , teaching , allowing other people to learn the language , and teach the language , '' he said .
Singh 's strong affinity for language preservation comes from his own experience . He explained he only began speaking his `` mother tongue '' within the last five years .
Jagmeet Singh speaks with reporters at TCU place . ( CBC News )
Strong convictions
When it comes to issues around health , education and housing for Indigenous people , Singh determined what he believes is the main source of those issues : colonialism .
`` Let 's be clear : This is the tragic legacy of Canada 's colonial past . We have to confront that , we have to realize that . We have to come face to face with that reality , and that 's why , for the NDP , 'reconciliation ' is not a word — it is a call to action . ''
Close to home
Since the Saskatchewan Transit Company was scrapped in the March 22 provincial budget , Singh took a stance against the province 's decision to shut it down .
`` If the government here in Saskatchewan does n't want to give the finances for the transit , we want the federal government to lend its financial support to continue this essential service in Saskatchewan , '' he said .
In his leadership campaign he proposed a national transit strategy .
Singh also touched on job creation and diversifying economy investments with propositions for a national and federal energy grid , where surplus `` green and clean '' energy is stored .
2000 candles in memory of the Chernobyl disaster in 1986 , at a commemoration 25 years after the nuclear accident , as well as for the Fukushima nuclear disaster of 2011 .
The GE Three are three nuclear engineers who `` blew the whistle '' on safety problems at nuclear power plants in the United States in 1976 . The three nuclear engineers gained the attention of journalists and the anti-nuclear movement . The GE Three returned to prominence in 2011 during the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster .
The `` GE Three '' [ edit ]
On February 2 , 1976 , Gregory C. Minor , Richard B. Hubbard , and Dale G. Bridenbaugh `` blew the whistle '' on safety problems at nuclear power plants . The three engineers gained the attention of journalists , and their disclosures about the threats of nuclear power had a significant impact . They timed their statements to coincide with their resignations from responsible positions in General Electric 's nuclear energy division , and later established themselves as consultants on the nuclear power industry for state governments , federal agencies , and overseas governments . The consulting firm they formed , MHB Technical Associates , was technical advisor for the movie `` The China Syndrome . '' The three engineers participated in Congressional hearings which their disclosures precipitated . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Japan [ edit ]
Following the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami that devastated northern Japan , a series of explosions and a containment failure at the Fukushima I Nuclear Power Plant resulted in media coverage of the GE Three . Bridenbaugh described design flaws of General Electric 's Mark 1 reactors , which account for five of the six reactors at the Fukushima 1 power plant . Bridenbaugh claimed that the design `` did not take into account the dynamic loads that could be experienced with a loss of coolant '' and that , despite efforts to retrofit the reactors , `` the Mark 1 is still a little more susceptible to an accident that would result in a loss of containment . `` [ 3 ]
See also [ edit ]
LaVar Ball does have a soft side , it seems .
On Monday , Ball lured his longtime handyman to a local car dealer in California , where he surprised him and his family with a 2017 Toyota Tundra .
Ball said he 's known the man for nearly 15 years . The man had trouble going back and forth to his job due to transmission problems with his vehicle . But that is his former job now .
Ball said he also gave the man a new job as a property manager for Big Baller Brand .
`` It 's just something I did for him , '' Ball told ESPN.com . `` He 's been working a long time trying to make ends meet . That car ai n't gon na get him from place to place . Now he has a car that can get him from Point A to Point B . ''
In the video , the man begins to tear up when he and his family see the truck .
`` They all hopped into the front seat , '' Ball said . `` I was like , 'There 's a back seat too ! ' ''
Michael Henry , the salesman at the CarMax dealership where Ball purchased the vehicle , attached the video to a post about the moment .
`` Lavar Ball gets a lot of negative press for the brash and sometimes downright crazy things he says and does , '' Henry wrote . `` I had the pleasure of selling him a truck that he bought for his long time handyman Felipe [ whose ] truck went out of commission days before . He and his family were asked to come to Carmax to come see his wife Tina . To their surprise , a 2017 Toyota Tundra was waiting for them and the moment was priceless . You will definitely see Lavar Ball in a different light after watching this video . ”
The Big Baller Brand creator and father of hoops stars Lonzo Ball , a rookie with the Los Angeles Lakers , LiAngelo Ball , a freshman at UCLA , and LaMelo Ball , a high school phenom , has endured a controversial year that has included accusations of sexism following comments he made toward Fox Sports 1 's Kristine Leahy and his successful petition to have an `` out of shape '' female official removed from one of his games during a July grassroots tournament .
Ball said he did n't buy the truck for attention or to convince his haters he has a generous side . He said he was just helping out `` family . ''
`` It 's just who I am , '' said Ball , who launched a family reality show , `` Ball in the Family , '' on Facebook Watch last month . `` He did n't know I was going to do it for him . ''
As you may have heard , former Republican Attorneys General John Swallow and Mark Shurtleff were arrested on numerous felony charges Tuesday morning . One of the charges in particular should be egregious to the average Utahn—that Shurtleff took campaign contributions rather than protecting homeowners from illegal home foreclosure practices .
It is alleged that Shurtleff improperly interceded on behalf of Tim and Jennifer Bell in a dispute with Bank of America and two subsidiaries : Countrywide Bank and Recon Trust Company . Timothy Bell is mentioned previously in the charges for having introduced Dr. Edward Donner to the Jenson brothers and their ill-fated Mount Holly Project .
According to the charges filed against Mr. Shurtleff and Mr . Swallow , here 's what happened :
March , 2011 : The Bells filed a federal lawsuit against Bank of America and the related subsidiaries for illegally foreclosing on their home in Holladay . In the suit , the Bells claim Bank of America improperly gave them approval for a mortgage refinance loan , knowing that the Bells income was too low to be able to pay it back .
March , 2012 : Judge Bruce Jenkins denies Bank of America 's motion to dismiss the case—giving hope to thousands of other Utahns who were also facing similar foreclosures . Assistant Attorney General Jerry Jensen states that this is the strongest case the state has against illegal foreclosures , and that the AG 's office intends to support the Bell 's case against Bank of America .
June , 2012 : Mr. Bell contacts John Swallow 's campaign for Attorney General , and offers to host a fundraiser for Swallow on August 12th . On August 7th , Shurtleff and then-Chief Deputy Attorney General Swallow met with lobbyists from Bank of America to discuss the Bell case . This discussion was held without notifying Mr. Jensen , who was then spearheading the case on behalf of the state .
After this meeting , Bank of America representatives emailed Swallow , asking for more time to respond to the state 's motions . This request , despite being contrary to the state 's interests , was honored by Swallow .
Swallow says that he had no idea that the Bells who proposed the Swallow fundraiser were the same Bells who were involved in the state 's suit . Additionally , the Swallow staff had asked the Bells to list the fundraiser as only a $ 15,000 in-kind donation , instead of the $ 28,000 it actually cost . When Mr. Bell later tried to give additional money to Swallow 's race , the campaign staff declined the funds but asked him to direct other donations through a secondary source ( such as a dark money super pac ) .
During the Swallow investigation , an internal campaign email was discovered stating that “ Tim is giving $ 5k through some other means , ” showing a rather blatant attempt to get around Utah 's already infamously lax campaign finance laws , and avoid the appearance that the office could be bought .
Later that week , Mr. Bell attended another fundraiser with Swallow 's staff , internally communicating that since his ticket was paid for by a friend they would not have to list Bell as a contributor to that event .
Soon after , Bell and Swallow met to discuss his case .
This appears to be a clear indication of paying for access , as a campaign aide for Swallow wrote in response to the meeting request that “ John is considering the best approach to everything . He wants to make sure that whatever he does is n't going to look bad . ”
In late August of 2012 , Swallow again met with Bank of America lobbyists without informing other AG office staff who were actually handling the case . Following this meeting , Swallow told Assistant Attorney General Brian Farr , who had taken over the state 's interests in the case from Jensen , to grant Bank of America 's request to delay deadlines .
Soon after this meeting , the Swallow campaign again received donations from people and companies connected to the Bells . Following these fresh donations , Swallow took it upon himself to meet with a Bank of America representative—again without informing those who were being paid by the state to actually handle the case , and who would be most familiar with its details and possible ramifications .
Upon hearing of these meetings between Swallow and Bank of America , Judge Jenkins ordered both sides to reveal the content of these meetings . Not to be deterred by a judge showing displeasure in interference , Swallow decided to speak with Tim Bell directly .
The six minute conversation that occurred on October 1st was not recorded , but its content can be presumed based on the events that happened next . Mr. Bell asked Swallow , via text message , to “ reach out to your BofA contacts ” and , two days later , Bank of America suddenly reversed itself after two years and granted a loan to the individual who had funneled thousands of dollars to the Swallow campaign . This loan modification effectively cut $ 1.13 million dollars from the Bell mortgage .
The Bells were n't the only ones who walked away happy , it appears the biggest winner was Bank of America . Following his election in November , 2012 , Swallow wasted no time expressing to his new staff that his priorities were not to pursue Bank of America , despite the desperate need by Utah homeowners facing similar foreclosures for the case to move forward .
According to Farr , “ Mr . Swallow was reportedly ‘ troubled ' that if the office went forward , it would ‘ impugn [ Swallow 's ] integrity ' given his apparent commitment that the claims asserted by the State would be dismissed if the Bells were allowed to settle their claims . ”
Perhaps in an effort to protect his newly elected protégé , or possibly seeing a way to score easy points with a large future client , in mid-December the outgoing AG Mark Shurtleff hamstrung his colleagues by reaching a settlement with Bank of America wherein no other illegal foreclosures would be contested by the State of Utah . Once again , the office failed to inform the actual lawyers who had done the work on the Bank of America case .
Shurtleff later clarified his reasoning in an internal email , stating that the Bank of America case “ was becoming a very complicated issue for John [ Swallow ] given Bell hosted a fundraiser for him in the subject 's home , and Bell is also a person of interest in a fraud matter we are investigating , ” ( referring to the Mount Holly fiasco , which the Bells were later found to not be complaisant in ) . Shurtleff continued , “ I felt that , given those facts and the settlement with Bell , as well as the fact that Jenkins 's lengthy ruling on the Motion to Dismiss is before the Tenth Circuit , that it was best for Utah and the Office of the AG to not go forward . Really sorry to disappoint . ”
It appears that Shurtleff , like Swallow , was willing to sacrifice the average Utahns who were relying on a win against Bank of America to help their own cases of illegal foreclosures on their homes , in order to protect those who were willing to pay for the privilege of access the office . The sudden and unilateral reversal of the state 's position by Shurtleff was brought to light by a Salt Lake Tribune article published just days before Shurtleff officially left office and Swallow was sworn in .
This Tribune article also notes that after leaving office , Shurtleff started a new job at a major D.C. law firm , one of whose biggest clients was Bank of America .
Following his swearing in , Swallow allegedly attempted to bury any evidence of the entire set of events by first asking the Bells to amend their reported campaign contribution from $ 15,000 ( actually $ 28,000 ) to $ 1,000 . In May of 2013 , Swallow would also ask his campaign staff to refund the Bells any money spent on his campaign for AG . No refund was ever provided , but if it had this effectively would have turned the Bells initial investment of several thousand dollars into an interest free loan that netted them a return of more than 2100 % in their sweet deal from Bank of America—while hundreds of other Utah families who were caught up in the shady mortgage foreclosure practices were left out in the cold .
