I 'd like to talk to you today about pitcher evaluation .
I do n't mean evaluation in the sense of determining a pitcher 's talent level , or evaluation in the sense of determining a pitcher 's future value — or even evaluation in the sense of determining a pitcher 's market value . I mean a pitcher 's past value . Or , perhaps , because value is so often misunderstood and misinterpreted , we 'd be better off speaking in terms of contribution . That 's how do we determine the extent to which a player contributed to his team 's success ( or failure ) ?
Of course , this goal — evaluate a pitcher 's past contribution — is n't new , and it has n't gone unaddressed . In fact , the entire purpose of WAR is to quantify a player 's value to his team . Whether with FIP or RA/9 or something in between , various WAR versions attempt to determine the extent of a pitcher 's contribution to the team .
But WAR does n't consider context . That is , it looks at a pitcher 's season as a whole — whether through the lens of FIP or something else , without taking into account the order and the relative importance of the variables that it takes as input .
One simple example illustrates this point . Consider the following two hypothetical starting pitchers — Pitcher A and Pitcher B — and two of their hypothetical starts :
Start 1 Start 2 Total Pitcher A 3 IP , 8 R 9 IPs , 0 R 12 IPs , 6.00 RA/9 , 6.00 FIP Pitcher B 6 IPs , 4 R 6 IPs , 4 R 12 IPs , 6.00 RA/9 , 6.00 FIP
( I did n't include the FIP inputs , but assume the FIP is proportional to the RA/9 for each start )
Pitcher A and Pitcher B were exactly the same with regards to their FIP-based peripherals and their run prevention . But they arrived at the the total in very different ways . Pitcher A contributed negative value to his team in his first start — giving the team very little chance to win . In the second start , he almost guaranteed his team would win . On the other hand , Pitcher B pitched poorly in both starts . He gave his team some chance to win , but it was n't much .
We do n't have to guess which pitcher helped his team more . To evaluate each pitcher 's importance to his team — and keeping each game in context — we have to shift perspectives . Instead of looking at each inning , as with RA/9 , or at each plate appearances , as with FIP , we can look at each start and determine the probability of a team 's win , given the quality of the start .
FanGraphs already has one metric that evaluates players in a similar way : Win Probability Added , or WPA . WPA , though , looks at the entire game context . It includes the runs the pitcher 's team scores , in order to determine the extent to which the pitcher increased his team 's odds of winning . Obviously , the pitcher has ( almost ) no control over how much run support he gets ; instead , we want to determine the probability that a team will win , given only the quality of the pitcher 's start .
Although the quality of a start can be determined in a number of ways , only three variables affect the team 's chances of winning : innings pitched , runs allowed and the base-out state if the pitcher leaves in the middle of an inning . The third factor can be addressed by looking at the run expectancy for the inning when the pitcher leaves , but for simplicity 's sake , let 's just consider the first two .
Results
Here , we 'll look at how often the starting pitcher 's team won , given the innings pitched and runs allowed . I pulled the data from 1993 — when the decline in relief innings per appearance began to stabilize — to get as large a sample as possible while still representing modern reliever usage . Below is a graph representing the results :
Note that for readability and simplicity , the graph only shows starts with a whole number of innings pitched , and it 's limited to three or more innings pitched and seven or fewer runs allowed . Obviously , there are many more possibilities than just the ones above . The graph is simply intended to be a helpful visual reference for understanding a start 's value based on run prevention .
The results are n't surprising . A nine-inning shutout almost guarantees a win for the pitcher 's team . A seven-run , three-inning start does not . Interestingly , the minimum required for a quality start — six innings and three runs — gives a team almost exactly a 50-50 shot at winning . Interestingly , a nine-inning , four-run start is significantly better than said minimum , though it 's not considered a quality start .
With this data , including all starts , we can evaluate starting pitching using a different approach . To do so , all we 'll do is take each start , look at the pitcher 's innings pitched and runs allowed and then pull the corresponding winning percentage for all equivalent starts based on the data above . We can either take that number as it is to mimic pitcher winning percentage , compare it to an average pitcher by subtracting 0.5 , or we can compare it to a replacement level pitcher by subtracting .38 .
Testing the theory : Jered Weaver and Matt Cain
A theory like the one presented above has little use or significance until we know how it actually affects player evaluation . In researching who I could compare to test the theory , I came across a fantastic case from the 2012 season : Matt Cain and Jered Weaver .
In 2012 , Cain gave up 73 runs in 219.1 innings , which was good for a 3.00 RA/9 . Cain never gave up more than five runs in a start , and he never pitched fewer than five innings in a start . However , he only had four starts where he did n't allow a run to score , and seven others where he held the opponents to just one run .
Weaver was almost exactly the same as Cain as far as run prevention is concerned . He allowed 63 runs in 188.2 innings , which translated to a 3.01 RA/9 . But unlike Cain , Weaver was inconsistent . He had one start in which he gave up eight runs in 3.1 innings , one in which he gave up nine runs in three innings and two other starts in which he failed to pitch past the first inning . On the other hand , he had nine starts in which he allowed no runs , and five more in which he only allowed a single run . In terms of starts with zero or one run allowed , Weaver led Cain 14 to 11 .
If we 're evaluating the two pitchers based solely on run prevention ( ignoring park factors ) , they were nearly identical on a per-inning basis . But the distribution of the start 's quality was very different . Let 's see what our above approach says about these two pitchers .
Wins Above Average Above Replacement Matt Cain 20.12 4.12 6.68 Jered Weaver 19.36 4.36 6.76
And the same numbers on a per-start basis ( important since Cain had 32 starts to Weaver 's 30 ) :
Wins Above Average Above Replacement Matt Cain 0.629 0.129 0.209 Jered Weaver 0.645 0.145 0.225
Well , that 's interesting . One would think that consistency — of which Cain was an excellent example — would be a desirable trait for a pitcher . However , using this WPA-based , support-neutral , per-start approach , Weaver — who was almost identical on a run-prevention basis — is given more credit than Cain . In fact , this approach gives him more wins above replacement than Cain , despite pitching two fewer starts .
This difference , while interesting , is n't big . Over a season , this approach to evaluating pitching only made a difference of about a quarter of a win . The conclusion–that consistency actually hurt the Giants chances of winning , all else equal–is somewhat surprising , though .
If we look at all pitchers in 2012 with this approach , and compare their rankings with this method to their ranking with RA/9 , the largest differences confirm the above case study . Pitchers like CC Sabathia and Cliff Lee — both of whom are very consistent pitchers — were most hurt with this method ; pitchers like A.J . Burnett and Johan Santana , who were n't consistent , were helped .
Obviously , the best pitcher would be one who is perfectly consistent and amazing in every start , but this metric suggests that teams would win slightly more often if their pitchers skewed towards the extremes , rather than being reliably okay .
Future Considerations
I 'll be the first to admit there are some issues with the methodology above . I did n't adjust for the run environment or the park , and the sample size for a few IP/RA combinations was likely not large enough to be confident of win percentage 's accuracy . That being said , my goal here was n't to create a perfect metric , but to introduce a different , hypothetically better , method of evaluating a starting pitcher 's past value .
There are a number of paths on which I , or others , can take this approach in the future . The most obvious is to adjust the win probabilities for park and league , so as to more accurately represent each start 's true value .
Secondly , we can employ this approach using more sophisticated methods of pitcher evaluation . Using straight run prevention is the natural first step , but one could also use FIP , RE24 or even something like Game Score in a similar way . Once one determines the probability that an average team wins given the “ score ” of the start , the rest is essentially just addition .
The title of this piece refers to starting pitcher consistency , and that is certainly the practical implication of the approach that I offered above . However , the other purpose of this approach is philosophical . With regards to evaluating past performance , the most important — the fundamental — unit of measurement for the starting pitcher is the start . The goal is to win , and the way to win is to pitch as well as possible in each start . It is only natural , therefore , to evaluate pitchers not in terms of their effectiveness in each plate appearance , or their effectiveness in each inning , but their effectiveness in each start . There are many ways to do so , and the above approach is almost certainly not the best . But approaching the issue of pitcher evaluation from this standpoint adds a new , and I believe better , perspective , one that I , or others , will hopefully expand on and improve in the future .
Much of the above data is courtesy of Retrosheet . It should also be noted that a similar idea to the one above was presented at Baseball Prospectus nine years ago , but none of my ideas or writing were taken from that piece .
The political nonprofit aligned with House Speaker Paul Ryan is planning an advertising blitz to counteract a potentially bad score for the Republican healthcare bill from the Congressional Budget Office .
American Action Network on Tuesday announced a $ 2 million ad campaign in 21 House districts and national television , timed to coincide with Wednesday 's expected release of the CBO analysis of the American Health Care Act , which passed the House on May 4 .
`` The ad features Elizabeth Jacinto , a mother of four who shared her health care story in one of AAN 's issue advocacy campaigns earlier this year . Under the Affordable Care Act , Elizabeth lost both her doctor and health insurance – despite promises to the contrary . Now , with the passage of the AHCA , Elizabeth is looking forward to what the new plan means for her family , including more choices , lower costs , and better coverage , '' AAN said in a press release .
The original version of the bill received an initial score that predicted fewer people would be covered by partially repealing Obamacare , contributing to the problems GOP leaders and President Trump had in moving it to the Senate . The first CBO score also delivered projections of cost savings that Republicans found unacceptable .
Republicans are confident that the changes they made to the AHCA will fix the cost problem , at least . The new CBO score could heavily influence the debate in the Senate to craft an Obamacare replacement bill , and exactly how much of the House package is retained .
Districts targeted in the ad include several the Democrats are targeting in 2018 , including Rep. Martha McSally of Arizona ; California Reps. Jeff Denham , David Valadao , Kevin McCarthy , Steve Knight , Ed Royce and Darrell Issa ; Florida Reps. Brian Mast and Carlos Curbelo ; Rep. Rod Blum of Iowa ; Illinois Reps. Peter Roskam and Rodney Davis ; Rep. Kevin Yoder of Kansas ; Rep. Bruce Poliquin of Maine ; Minnesota Reps. Jason Lewis and Eric Paulsen ; Rep. Don Bacon of Nebraska ; Ohio Reps. Jim Jordan and Pat Tiberi ; and Rep. Greg Walden of Oregon .
The ad also is running in Ryan 's Wisconsin district .
It is an image that is sure to shock many people .
An adult polar bear is seen dragging the body of a cub that it has just killed across the Arctic sea ice .
Polar bears normally hunt seals but if these are not available , the big predators will seek out other sources of food - even their own kind .
The picture was taken by environmental photojournalist Jenny Ross in Olgastretet , a stretch of water in the Svalbard archipelago .
`` This type of intraspecific predation has always occurred to some extent , '' she told BBC News .
`` However , there are increasing numbers of observations of it occurring , particularly on land where polar bears are trapped ashore , completely food-deprived for extended periods of time due to the loss of sea ice as a result of climate change . ''
The journalist was relating the story behind her pictures here at the 2011 American Geophysical Union ( AGU ) Fall Meeting , the largest annual gathering of Earth scientists .
A paper describing the kill event in July 2010 has just been published in the journal Arctic . It is co-authored with Dr Ian Stirling , a polar bear biologist from Environment Canada .
Ross had approached the adult in a boat . She could see through her telephoto lens that the animal had a meal , but it was only when she got up close that she realised it was a juvenile bear .
The kill method used by the adult was exactly the same as polar bears use on seals - sharp bites to the head .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jenny Ross : The sea ice is a vital hunting platform for the bears
`` As soon as the adult male became aware that a boat was approaching him , he basically stood to attention - he straddled the young bear 's body , asserting control over it and conveying 'this is my food ' , '' the journalist recalled .
`` He then picked up the bear in his jaws and , just using the power of his jaws and his neck , transported it from one floe to another . And eventually , when he was a considerable distance away , he stopped and fed on the carcass . ''
Ross said there was another bear in the area and she speculated that it might have been the mother of the dead juvenile .
Olgastretet is a passage of water that divides the two main islands of Svalbard . Traditionally , it has been an area that has stayed ice-covered throughout much of the year .
But the recent dramatic retreat of Arctic sea ice in summer months has seen open water appear in the area for increasingly extended periods .
And without their customary platform on which to hunt seals , bears have gone looking for alternative sources of food , says Ross .
`` On land , they 're looking for human garbage and human foods ; they 're starting to prey on seabirds and their eggs .
`` None of those alternative foods can support them , but they are seeking them out .
`` Predating another bear is a way to get food ; it 's probably a relatively easy way for a big adult male . And it seems that because of the circumstances of the loss of sea ice - that kind of behaviour may be becoming more common . ''
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET @ bbc.co.uk
ZCash , a decentralized and open-source cryptocurrency , spiked to new highs on Tuesday , passing the $ 600 mark for the first time in its brief history .
ZCash first passed the $ 600 threshold at around 3 a.m. EST Tuesday after hovering just below the mark for the better part of Monday . It quickly spiked to as high as $ 635.55 before falling back to as low as $ 560.40 . As of 2p.m . EST , the cryptocurrency has once again broken the $ 600 barrier .
ZCash was first introduced in October 2016 as an alternative to Bitcoin . The cryptocurrency was designed to provide more privacy to its users by shielding details of transactions , including the amount of currency spent , from others .
The cryptocurrency utilizes the Zerocoin protocol , first developed by professors and students at Johns Hopkins University to achieve anonymity for users . The protocol allows users to opt for additional privacy features that can conceal the sender , recipient and amount being sent on each transaction .
ZCash is just the latest cryptocurrency to see a major spike in value as the rising price of Bitcoin has acted as the tide that lifts all boats . Just three months ago , ZCash was hovering around the $ 200 mark and slowly climbing . The cryptocurrency has spiked since Dec. 10 , when it sat at $ 290 , and has more than doubled in just over one week .
It is n't the only coin to enjoy a massive bump in value in recent weeks . Ethereum has climbed as high as $ 884.68 as of Tuesday . It was valued at $ 446.69 on Dec. 9 . Litecoin , a fork of Bitcoin Core that is thought to be quicker and more efficient to use than Bitcoin , jumped from $ 151.32 on Dec. 9 to as high as $ 363.78 .
Driving the skyrocketing values of cryptocurrency has been the mad dash to invest in Bitcoin . By far the most popular of the cryptocurrencies , Bitcoin has experienced massive price spikes over the course of 2017 . It jumped as high as $ 19,586.57 this week . At the start of the year , the cryptocurrency was valued at less than $ 1,000 .
How to make money from
storage building auctions Issue # 83 • September/October , 2003
Buying and selling is a time honored way of making a living . However , like any profession , success in merchandising requires following some fundamental rules . The most basic of these is to obtain items of good quality that people will actually want to purchase , and to acquire them at a low enough cost to ensure adequate profit . Once this challenge is met , the entrepreneur 's success is largely assured .
Fortunately , across the United States a huge supply of desirable products exists for low prices . Furniture , electronics , appliances , clothing , books , art , toys , tools , and a plethora of other goodies can be had for a fraction of their true value . The purchaser can use these items themselves , or resell them for a generous markup . Startup costs are minimal : a van or pickup truck ( a trailer towed by a car will do ) and a few hundred dollars are all that is required to begin your own business .
Finding merchandise
I am not talking about raiding dumpsters , joining wholesale clubs , or fencing stolen merchandise . I am discussing public storage buildings , which you can find in virtually any community coast to coast . Millions of individuals and businesses use these facilities to store all sorts of goods . Many of them eventually fall behind on their monthly rental bills . After an extended period of non-payment the storage building owner can legally claim the items . He or she will often hold periodic public auctions to sell off the goods in order to recoup a portion of their lost rent .
It is important to remember that the USA has become a nation of pack rats . Consumers acquire all sorts of things that they will never need or even use . Impulse purchases , seasonal items , unwanted gifts—all these and more end up under lock and key for extended periods . Seniors selling a large home and moving to a smaller one realize they have tons of unwanted possessions . Singles or couples buy a new sofa , DVD player , or television and store the old one . Children grow up and leave home , and the parents hold on to their clothing , old musical instruments , books , and clothing for sentimental reasons . Businesses upgrade their computer systems frequently , and the original PCs are seen as obsolete ; they are put “ on ice. ” Ours is truly a throw away society .
Flea markets , newspaper ads , local radio stations , your own yard , and the internet are all great places to sell .
The result of all this financial fickleness is that large quantities of perfectly good things end up in rented storage buildings . Then death , financial hardship , or just plain apathy or forgetfulness kick in , and the items are forgotten . This is where the real opportunities for you come in . The units range in size from twenty five square feet up to several hundred . Some are even climate controlled , and may contain freezers full of fresh meat or other perishable goods . Chances are , there is such a place near you right now , packed with all sorts of treasures waiting for you to claim them .
The first step in taking advantage of this opportunity is learning when the auctions in your area take place . Get a copy of the local Yellow Pages directory and look under “ storage facilities. ” Contact the offices . Make sure you do not call storage building dealers , the people who actually sell the little sheds you see in back yards nationwide . You want the businesses that rent their own units on their own property .
Ask for the owner or manager , and tell them you want to know when the next auction is going to be . Some places hold them on a regular basis , and can give you the exact date and time . Others hold them “ as need arises , ” but do not currently have one planned . Put these on a call back list , and check with them once a month or so . Still others put a notice in the newspaper when the time for the auction approaches . Learn what paper they use and watch its classifieds .
On the day of the auction , show up a few minutes before it begins , ready to do some heavy lifting . A pickup or other large truck is ideal . A van is great , but there might be some headroom problems . A bigger car can work if you use a utility trailer as well . You will also need work gloves , tarps , or blankets to cover the items in case of rain , and , if possible , hand trucks and/or a partner . Of course you will also need a place to store your purchases for a while until you sell them .
Bidding at auctions
Bidding at auctions is an art form unto itself . You may wish to just watch others at the first two or three you attend , just to get a feel for how many items go for . Keep in mind that your primary goal is resale . Do n't bid $ 300 on a building full of goods that you can only make 50 bucks on . A good idea is to check local flea markets , yard sales , classifieds , salvage stores , E-bay , etc. , to see what different items go for .
The auctioneer will open the buildings one at a time to let the bidders see what they contain . If most or all of the goods are in boxes , then he or she will break these open and display their contents to the crowd . Bring a pad and pen and try to estimate the approximate resale value of the merchandise . Then place your highest bid at no more than 50 percent of that amount . If in doubt about the profitability of the contents , then do n't bid ; there is always another day , and you do n't want to get stuck with tons of unwanted junk filling up your storage area .
As discussed before , the variety of things you can find at these auctions is astounding . Appliances , furniture , electronics , books , clothes , toys , pet supplies , CDs , records and cassettes , VHS/DVD movies , and boxes filled with knickknacks are common finds . Cash , jewelry , gold and silver coins , even automobiles have been found . You want to look the stuff over as thoroughly as possible to make sure that rain has not leaked in and destroyed things . If you smell mildew or see evidence of water damage , then pass that building up . Mice and other rodents sometimes get in , but they rarely do much damage , except to clothing and stored food . ( Speaking of clothing , check the pockets and linings of any you get . Old people hide money in them . Wads of cash have been found stuffed in shoes and mattresses ) . Storage buildings with shingle roofs and heavy , tight-fitting doors do the best job of preserving stored items .
Sorting , repairing
Okay , the auction is over , and you were the high bidder on one or more lots . You can usually claim your merchandise on the spot . Start going through your acquisitions immediately . You want to separate the good stuff from the absolute junk , which you will haul to the dump . One strategy is to break open the boxes and hold up nice finds while other bidders are still milling about . Quite often they will make purchases from you right there .
Sometimes you will obtain things that need a little work . This is where a working knowledge of electronics , appliance repair , and/or woodworking comes in handy . You may locate a color television that only needs an inexpensive part to get it working again . Lawn mowers , garden tillers , and the like are often cast aside as “ broke , ” when all they need is a spark plug or other minor repair . A clothes dryer may only require a new lint filter to run like new . Scuffed or dirty furniture can be cleaned and polished . Learn to see past the dust and dents to discern an item 's true value . Many people have furnished their own homes this way , and saved hundreds if not thousands of dollars doing so .
Store your stuff carefully . Stack it neatly , cover it with tarps or blankets , make sure the weather will not get in , and lay out some poison in case vermin get in . Write down your inventory , noting general condition and what you think you can get for each item .
Re-selling
Now you can look at selling your goods . The venues for doing this are numerous . Newspaper ads are a good bet for larger or pricier items . People scan the classifieds every day looking for bargains . In addition , many local radio stations have weekly “ swap shops , ” usually on weekend mornings where you can call in , tell what you have for sale , and leave your phone number for interested parties . Call nearby broadcasters to find out about these . Sometimes television stations offer the same service .
Flea markets , also called “ swap meets , ” are great places to sell things . Check your local area for them . The Official Guide To U.S. Flea Markets by Kitty Werner is a nationwide listing of markets . The office will rent you one or more tables to display your merchandise on ; fees range from three or four dollars a day per table up to fifteen or twenty for one inside a building with climate control . Check with the manager for prices and procedures for dealers . At some markets you can just show up the day of the sale and claim your own space ; others require you to pay a few days in advance . Visit the market on a sale day before you bring your goods out ; make sure there is good customer flow .
A typical storage unit , this one yielded camping equipment , a wooden rocking chair , BBQ grill , and other treasures .
Be sure and bring plenty of change , bags for the purchases ( available at any grocery store ; just offer them a few bucks for 40 or 50 of their sacks ) , a comfortable chair to sit in , and a cooler with drinks and some food . A beach umbrella can keep you cool in warm months . Bring a book or portable radio to help the time pass . Covering your tables with tarps , blankets , or heavy paper makes your display more appealing to the eye . Wide varieties of rather colorful folks both sell and buy at the markets , and you should meet some interesting people . For more information , check out How To Make Cash Money Selling At Swap Meets , Flea Markets , Etc . by Jordan Cooper , available from Loompanics Unlimited ( www.loompanics.com ) .
Yard or garage sales are another way to rake in the dough . If you have a home with a good sized yard or a carport or garage , this option can work for you . Make sure you have plenty of change for your customers , as well as bags for their purchases . Advertise the upcoming sale in your local paper , put up signs in the neighborhood stating the day and address of the sale , and be outside early , ready to do business—yard sale fans are early risers . The old pros at this business set their merchandise out the night before , and cover it with tarps , so they do not have to set up the morning of the sale .
In many rural areas and small towns , retail auctions are a favorite form of entertainment . Dealers bring truck loads of products they have bought wholesale elsewhere and put them up for bid one at a time . Forget any images you may have of rich people wearing fancy clothing and buying rare antiques or Kennedy memorabilia . These sales are frequented by working class and country folk , the same types you will see at the flea market .
You can make a hefty profit by selling at these auctions , but you need to know what you are doing . Find out when and where they are held by checking your Yellow Pages , local papers , or just asking around . Go several times before you decide to sell . Watch the bidders and the auctioneer . Talk to the manager and find out what the terms are ; usually the house will get a portion of whatever money you make . Retail auctions can be great fun as well as lucrative .
In many parts of the country it is legal to set up an impromptu store front along the roadside , in front of abandoned stores or in the hinterlands of large parking lots . Cops will not hassle you as long as no one complains . In the south it is common to see people selling produce , clothing , decorator rugs , stuffed animals , or other goods right off the back of their trucks or out of a van . The northeastern states seem much less tolerant of this form of free enterprise , however . The rule of thumb is this : if you see others doing it without being persecuted , then you can do it too . Gas stations and convenience stores that have gone out of business are great locales . Bring your stuff and set it out for customers to see . Leave plenty of parking room , and expect many people to drive past your setup while checking out the goods .
Other venues include pawn shops , web pages , and collectors . It is amazing what people will collect . Campaign buttons , old books , walking sticks , teddy bears , shaving razors , beer mugs , and even prepaid calling cards have their enthusiasts . Read a few books on antiques and collectibles to become conversant on the subject . Internet sites like E-bay are great as well .
No matter how great a sales person you are , you will eventually end up with some goods that just will not move . You can often sell these in bulk to other dealers at a low price . Charities like the Salvation Army and Goodwill will give you a receipt for donated items that you can use to reduce your taxes .
America is a fantastic place to live , with wealth literally overflowing its containers . It is quite possible to live off the fat of the land , even in these days . Storage building auctions offer fantastic opportunities for the entrepreneur . I should know ; I have been benefiting from them for years . Now you can too .
Canada 's elite athletes are smoking , eating and investing in marijuana . Is a toke before stepping to the start line far off ?
The Canadian government intends to legalize recreational cannabis by July 1 , 2018 . It 's already legal for personal , recreational use in a handful of U.S. states .
Cannabis , hashish , marijuana , and tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) are on the World Anti-Doping Agency 's prohibited list , but only during competition .
When labs receive urine samples taken out of competition , they do n't test for those substances , according to the Canadian Centre For Ethics in Sport .
WADA also relaxed the in-competition threshold in 2013 to allow for 150 nanograms per millilitre of urine instead of 15 .
That tenfold change is significant given Canadian snowboarder Ross Rebagliati was nearly stripped of his Olympic gold medal in 1998 at 17.8 ng/ml .
He said he inhaled second-hand smoke from a joint . Rebagliati 's medal was reinstated largely because marijuana was n't yet a banned substance by the International Olympic Committee .
Divided opinion
An informal survey of Canadian athletes planning to compete at the PyeongChang Olympics in February produced a variety of opinions , ranging from keeping marijuana on the prohibited list to removing it when it becomes legal at home .
`` I think it 's pretty proven that it 's not unsafe for you and it 's definitely not performance-enhancing , at least in what I do , '' alpine skier Dustin Cook said .
`` So yeah , I think it should be taken off the banned list when it becomes legal . ''
Snowboarder Spencer O'Brien agreed .
`` I personally do not smoke weed , but I feel like it 's not a performance enhancing drug , '' she said . `` I do n't see any aspect of that that would give somebody a competitive edge .
`` Cigarettes are n't a banned substance . They 're not great for you , but they 're not a banned substance . Once marijuana is legalized , I think it should be something that is n't a banned substance . ''
A good night 's sleep
Bobsled pilot Kaillie Humphries says she 's never tried weed or hash `` and I think I 'm the only athlete in the entire world , '' but knows of teammates who smoke it and eat it in food as a sleep aid while training .
`` You lift at 6 p.m. and you 're wired because you had a big lifting session . You 're not sleeping until two , three four in the morning , '' said the Olympic gold medallist .
`` A lot of athletes use it for recovery . It 's not something performance-enhancing . ''
But both she and luger Sam Edney agree sliding down a track at more than one hundred kilometres per hour under the influence of a substance that alters perception and behaviour is dangerous .
`` For me , I feel it 's a safety thing , '' Edney said . `` In a racing sport , under the influence is still under the influence . ''
Alcohol and archery not a good combination
The only Olympic sport in which athletes are tested for alcohol is archery , with the in-competition blood alcohol concentration limit set at .10 grams/litre by WADA .
The international sport shooting federation , however , says an athlete showing signs of intoxication would be immediately booted from the shooting range .
Skeleton racer Dave Greszczyszyn says he 's seen the odd athlete have a beer while training and racing .
The 38-year-old substitute teacher saw the coming legalization of marijuana as a means to pay for his sport , which had its Own The Podium funding slashed this quadrennial .
`` I actually invested in a bit trying to make some money , '' Greszczyszyn said . `` Half of our team has invested in the stocks trying to make some money to help fund ourselves in our program . ''
Substances on WADA 's prohibited list meet at least two of the three following criteria : its use has potential to , or can enhance performance ; its use presents an actual or potential health risk ; its use violates the spirit of sport .
Daleman not wavering
Figure skater Gabrielle Daleman comes down firmly on the side of criteria No . 3 . She 's adamant marijuana should not be removed from WADA 's prohibited list .
`` I think it should stay on . I believe in clean sport , '' she said . `` I 'm actually surprised that 's going to be legal because all drugs are bad . I do not recommend them at all .
`` We should still continue to push for clean sport , fair , and doing everything the way it 's supposed to be . ''
Athletes tend to be fanatical about what goes into their bodies , so smoking a joint seems ridiculous to some .
`` You do not want to put anything down that throat that is going to make your throat burn , '' ski cross racer Georgia Simmerling said .
Resistance to change
The social and political winds around marijuana and cannabis are changing as they are now used to treat pain and certain medical conditions .
The CCES 's position is marijuana is n't performance-enhancing , said president and CEO Paul Melia , but not every country that is a signatory to the World Anti-Doping Agency code feels that way .
There is still resistance from some countries to completely removing marijuana from the prohibited list , he said .
`` Political pressures are probably more relevant to the question of when and if marijuana would come off the prohibited list , '' Melia said .
`` When the use of marijuana becomes legal in Canada , I do n't think that will have any impact on the status of marijuana or THC on the WADA prohibited list . ''
Bravely Second Reveals Tiz 's Return , And The Guardian Job
By Sato . February 5 , 2015 . 8:23am
Square Enix recently confirmed that Edea will be a playable character in Bravely Second , along with some details on the “ Barter Sub-Scenario ” system . In this week 's issue of Jump magazine we get to see the return of Tiz Arrior and information on a new job . [ Thanks , @ Kazu4281 ]
The magazine scan describes Tiz as an ally who traveled with Agnes . After the extinction of the Great Chasm , he passed out as if he 'd lost his soul , and barely managed to stay alive .
As for the new Guardian job , there are n't too many details available yet , but you can see a picture of Magnolia wearing a set of full armor , so it looks like it will be some sort of tank job . More details surround Tiz and the new Guardian job are expected to be revealed soon .
Bravely Second will release in Japan on April 23 , 2015 for Nintendo 3DS .
Iconic comedian Andrew Dice Clay has always been bigger than life , but now he explained that like the Machavallian character he is , he laid the groundwork for the upcoming Guns n ' Roses reunion at Coachella .
Dice called comedian and columnist Jeffrey Gurian this week , and told his friend that over a series of months he connected with Gn ' R members Axl Rose , Slash and Duff McKagen , as well as road manager Tom Mayhew and helped to grease the wheels to get the reunion underway .
Back in February 2015 , Slash surprised the music world by tweeting @ AxlRose wishing him a Happy Birthday . According to Dice , he helped make that tweet happen when he told GnR road manager Tom Mayhew , who he 's been friends with for nearly three decades that they need to get Slash to tweet something good about Axl . Soon after , the infamous birthday tweet .
Dice says he 'd run into Slash when he was performing in Australia and told Slash that Guns had millions of fans who would love to seem them get back together . He also opened for Axl at the Hard Rock in Vegas , and told Axl that it was time for the band to get back together . A few months later , Duff McKagen came to see Dice 's son 's band , previously known as L.A . Rocks , now Still Rebel . Dice says Duff told him Still Rebel was ready to break out . Dice , in return , mentioned to Duff that he thought Guns should get back together .
And now the band is set to reunite at Coachella and Slash and Axl will be on stage together for the first time since 1996 . So maybe it is just a coincidence , or maybe Dice really is the force that brought together the most sought after reunion of the year . So thank Dice , Guns N Roses fans . Because he may have made this happen .
Gn ' R and Still Rebel are n't the only ones having a big year . Andrew Dice Clay has a huge year ahead of him too , with a giant role in Scorsese 's Vinyl debuting February 14th on HBO , and a new Showtime series debuting on April 17th called Dice . Read more about Dice , his new series , and how he got the role in Vinyl and the more on the GnR story in Jeffrey Gurian 's Weekly Column out today .
Read more comedy news .
A panzerotto ( Italian : [ pantseˈrɔtto ] ) ( ( help·info ) ) , also known as panzarotto [ 1 ] ( Italian : [ pantsaˈrɔtto ] ) plural panzerotti , is a savory turnover which resembles a small calzone , both in shape and in the dough used for its preparation . The term usually applies to a fried turnover rather than an oven-baked pastry ( i.e . a calzone ) , [ 2 ] though calzoni and panzerotti are often mistaken for each other . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
Panzerotto originates in Central and Southern Italian cuisine but is now popular in the United States and Canada as well , where it is often called panzerotti ( ( help·info ) ) or panzarotti as a singular noun ( plural panzerotties/panzarotties or panzarottis/panzarottis ) . [ 6 ]
Etymology [ edit ]
The noun panzerotto comes from a diminutive of panza , a regional variation of Italian pancia ( `` belly , tummy '' ) , referring to the distinctive swelling of the pastry which reminds of belly bloating in a figurative sense . [ 7 ]
Pansoti
Albeit etymologically related , the word pansoti ( Italian : [ panˈsɔti ] ) refers to totally different food from panzerotti , denoting a kind of ravioli which is typical of Genoa .
Italy [ edit ]
Panzerotti originated in Central and Southern Italy , especially in the Apulian cuisine . They are basically small versions of calzoni but are usually fried rather than oven-baked , that is why they are also known as calzoni fritti ( `` fried calzones '' ) or pizze fritte ( `` fried pizzas '' ) in Italy , most typically in Campania . In parts of Apulia , such as Molfetta and Mola di Bari ( both in the Metropolitan City of Bari ) , [ 8 ] panzerotti also go by the name of frittelle or frittelli ( `` fritters '' ) , [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ] while in Brindisi they are known as fritte ( a local variation of frittelle ) . [ 12 ]
The most common fillings for this turnover are tomato and mozzarella , but spinach , mushrooms , baby corn and ham are often used . Another filling is onions stir fried in olive oil and seasoned with salted anchovies and capers , a seasoning which , mixed with bread , is also used for stuffed bell peppers in Apulia .
A different recipe for panzerotti is panzerotti di patate ( `` potato panzerottis '' ) , a specialty from Salento which consists of mashed potato croquettes rather than panzerotti as the term is most typically intended . [ 13 ]
North America [ edit ]
Panzerotti are also consumed in North America , where they were imported by Southern Italian immigrants at the time of the Italian diaspora .
As for their shape and texture , they can come in various sizes , from 4 to 12 inches ( 10 to 30 cm ) , [ original research ? ] and are most commonly semicircular . They consist of a pocket of dough filled with varying amounts of melted mozzarella cheese , tomato sauce and any reasonable number of fillings , which is then wrapped , salted and deep-fried . Panzerotto rises during this process , creating a pocket containing a considerable amount of steam which should be partially released prior to eating .
Canada [ edit ]
Since the mid-1960s , panzerotti have been a popular fast food item in Canada . Commercialized frozen versions are called Pizza Pockets or Pizza Pops .
See also [ edit ]
ST. CHARLES – A St. Charles East High School teacher has been charged with possession of child pornography , according to a news release from the DuPage County State 's Attorney 's Office .
Gregory Burgener , 63 , of the 400 block of West Fremont Avenue , Elmhurst , was charged with two counts of possession of child pornography , a Class 1 felony , according to the release .
Following an investigation led by the Elmhurst Police Department , Burgener was taken into custody the morning of May 16 , the release stated . DuPage County State 's Attorney Robert Berlin announced that bond was set at $ 150,000 . The investigation is still in progress .
“ As I have said many times in the past , every image of child pornography represents yet another innocent victim of child pornography , and my office will not hesitate to bring charges against anyone involved in this filth , '' Berlin stated in the release . `` I would like to thank the Elmhurst Police Department and Assistant State 's Attorney Claudia Fantauzzo for their work on this case , as well as for their ongoing efforts to protect our children from child pornographers . ”
Burgener 's next court date is June 12 in front of Judge Brian Telander , and additional conditions for Burgener – if he is able to post bond – include no contact with children younger than 18 years of age , according to the release .
An English teacher , Burgener has been employed by St. Charles School District 303 since 1995 , said Jim Blaney , director of school and community relations for the district .
`` Mr. Burgener has been placed on paid leave pending further information to come out of additional investigation , '' Blaney said .
• Recent late winner against Norwich caused earthquake with magnitude of 0.3 • Geology students say Leonardo Ulloa 's goal caused spike in seismic activity
Leicester City 's success on the pitch has been sending shockwaves through the city with the celebrations of fans being picked up by equipment used to detect earthquakes .
Jamie Vardy dismisses talk of pressure as Leicester City enjoy last laugh at Watford Read more
Supporters jumping up and down at the King Power Stadium when Leicester grabbed an 89th-minute winner against Norwich City caused a quake with a magnitude of 0.3 , researchers have said .
The team have been the surprise package in the Premier League and are clear at the top by five points with nine games left to play .
A group of geology students at the University of Leicester placed earthquake detecting equipment at a primary school near to the ground and said Leonardo Ulloa 's last-gasp winner led to a spike in seismic activity .
Richard Hoyle , a first-year student from Leeds studying geological science at the University of Leicester , said : “ A few days after we installed the equipment at the school and were analysing data collected , we noticed large peaks on the seismogram during football matches being held in the stadium nearby .
“ A closer look showed us there was a strong correlation between the exact time Leicester scored at home and the occurrence of the large seismic signals . We concluded our equipment was measuring small earthquakes produced by the sudden energy release by the cheering Leicester fans celebrating at the moment a goal was scored . ”
The equipment works alongside a similar system in the basement of the university 's Department of Geology building and another recently installed set in the New Walk Museum in the city .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Leicester City fans celebrate Danny Drinkwater 's goal against West Bromwich Albion . A 0.1 quake was registered when Drinkwater scored to level the game at 1-1 . Photograph : Jim Powell for the Guardian
By measuring small earthquakes using this equipment – such as a 2.3 magnitude tremor in Thame on Sunday – the students are then able to calibrate the calculation for the quakes when Leicester score .
During last Tuesday 's match against West Bromwich Albion , a 0.1 quake was registered when Danny Drinkwater scored to level the game at 1-1 , and smaller signals were detected when West Brom found the net .
This September , Tim Maly of Quiet Babylon is curating a month-long 50th birthday party for the word “ cyborg . ”
IMAGE : A cyborg mouse , depicted in Clynes and Kline 's paper , “ Cyborgs and Space , ” published in Astronautics magazine , September 1960 : “ One of the first Cyborgs , this 220-gm rat has under its skin the Rose osmotic pump , designed to permit continuous injections of chemicals at a slow , controlled rate into an organism without any attention on the part of the organism . ”
In his highly readable introduction to the project , Maly explains that the term was coined by two scientists in September 1960 , in response to the pressing contemporary question of how man could survive in space :
One solution is architectural . Using the latest construction techniques , you can build a little bubble of earth , and plunk it down on any old alien world . We can send people off to these environments and so long as the walls do n't burst and the air does n't run out , they 've got all the comforts of home . A pair of scientists , Manfred Clynes and Nathan Kline , had a different idea . “ What if we could just live in space ? ” they asked , “ What if instead of adapting the environment to ourselves , we adapted ourselves to the environment ? ” To do that , they reasoned , you need a cybernetic feedback system to maintain homeostasis unconsciously . These systems need to become a part of the organism . A cybernetic organism . A Cyborg .
In other words , through the incorporation of a synthetic , “ non-human ” technological bridge , Clynes and Kline proposed that atmosphere-dependent humans could be transformed into happy , healthy , galaxy-wandering cyborgs .
IMAGE : David Kessler , as seen in the video trailer for The End of Overeating
With that definition of a cyborg floating around in the back of my mind , a few weeks ago , I started following @ DavidAKesslerMD on Twitter . Kessler served as head of the U.S Food and Drug Administration for seven years in the 1990s , and is the author of a new book , The End Of Overeating : Taking Control Of The Insatiable American Appetite . His oracular tweets are addressed to a nation hijacked by junk food , its populace enslaved by chemical concoctions our neurons ca n't resist and immersed in an environment designed to hyperstimulate .
IMAGE : Tweets by @ DavidAKesslerMD
Kessler blames the food industry for consciously designing foods and foodscapes that are hostile to human health . For thousands of people , as he explained to Gourmet , America 's obesogenic environment actually short circuits normal homeostatic regulation :
For most of us , the reward centers of our brain have so overpowered the homeostatic mechanisms that we do n't even feel satiation . At least for the tens of millions of people who have conditioned hypereating . Child ages two to five used to be able to compensate for calories : If you fed them more calories [ than they typically ate in one meal ] , they would eat less late on . But now , by the age of five , that compensation is gone ; they 're just eating for reward all the time . There are children who are age five and younger who have never been hungry in their lives .
IMAGE : Still from the video trailer for Kessler 's book , The End of Overeating .
IMAGE : Still from the video trailer for Kessler 's book , The End of Overeating .
Kessler 's solutions are more familiar in tone : he advocates public education campaigns and policy tweaks designed to empower America 's 70 million conditioned hypereaters to seize control , consciously avoid food cues , and re-programme their hijacked neurons .
IMAGE : Still from the video trailer for Kessler 's book , The End of Overeating .
But what if , instead , we likened the hostile American foodscape to outer space , and approached the problem cyborgically ?
Could we , like Manfred Clynes and Nathan Kline , imagine a synthetic technology that could be incorporated into humans in order to create physiological changes that enable us to remain healthy while surrounded by the lethal landscape of processed food ?
IMAGE : Lap band technology .
Perhaps we already have — after all , is n't everyone with a lap-band actually a cyborg , reliant on a stomach-reshaping silicone tube to experience satiety and maintain a healthy weight in a world that contains deep-fried butter ?
IMAGE : Deep-fried butter at the Texas State Fair . Photo by cmiked , via Flickr .
Nonetheless , today , as Tim Maly notes , most people equate the term cyborg with “ chromed man-machine monsters – your Terminators , Robocops , and Ghosts in the Shell. ” Along these lines , we might consider the MetaCookie .
IMAGE : Still from a New Scientist video introducing the Meta-Cookie .
Invented by Japanese scientist Tajuki Narumi at the University of Tokyo , MetaCookie is a head-mounted “ augmented gustation ” technology that allows its cyborg host to enhance a plain cookie with the flavour of their choice . According to New Scientist :
To create the effect , the team branded a plain cookie with a distinct logo that the headset tracks via a built-in camera . An air pump sprays out the smell of the chosen cookie , increasing its concentration as the system “ sees ” the cookie approaching the wearer 's nose . Meanwhile , a visual display in the headset shows an image of the chosen cookie , suggesting the correct texture for that flavour . The combination of smell and visual texture combine to fool the user 's sense of taste into thinking they are eating a flavoured cookie instead of the plain one .
IMAGE : Still from a New Scientist video introducing the Meta-Cookie .
From these Willy Wonka beginnings , it 's just a short step to imagine millions of trim , healthy , American cyborgs inhaling apple slices as if they were French Fries , their visual and olfactory receptors subtly reconfigured by the MetaCookie technology to permit unconscious biological adaptation to a dangerously obesogenic environment .
IMAGE : Still from a New Scientist video introducing the Meta-Cookie .
[ NOTE : For more fiftieth-anniversary-inspired cyborg riffs , including cyborg orchards , cyborg theology , and cyborg cooking , visit 50 Posts About Cyborgs . ]
2014-15 was the first year of CSR spending as per the new Companies Act 2013 . As per data shared by the MCA , 266 companies did not spend the prescribed amount of CSR in 2014-15 amounting to Rs 2444 crore in unspent amount .
Factly had earlier reported on how the Indian Industry spent the CSR money in 2014-15 , the first year of CSR spending as per the Companies act of 2013 . As a follow up , Factly had filed an application under the RTI act with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA ) for detailed information on CSR spending of various companies . In response to the RTI application , the MCA provided data for 460 different companies out of which 266 spent less than the prescribed CSR amount . Prominent among them are MNCs like Apple , Nestle , Oracle , Monsanto etc .
ONGC is the largest defaulter in terms of absolute amount
Among the 266 companies that did not spend the prescribed CSR amount ; the public sector ONGC did not spend Rs 165.38 crore , the largest among various companies . Bharti Airtel did not spend Rs 98.9 crore . The total unspent amount by these 266 companies stood at Rs 2444.6 crore . The top 10 companies accounted for Rs 865 crore in unspent amount .
Out of the 266 companies that did not spend the prescribed amount , one company did not spend more than 100 crore , 13 did not spend between 50-100 crore . 215 companies did not spend between 0-10 crore .
Well known MNCs among defaulters
Of the 266 companies that defaulted , 34 of them did not spend a single rupee on CSR . Prominent among them are Idea Cellular , PC Jewellers , Chettinad Cement , Finolex Cables , Parsvnath Developers , Monsanto etc . These 34 companies accounted for Rs 162 crore in unspent amount .
Indian arms of well known MNCs also figure in the defaulters list . Companies in the agriculture business like Monsanto , Syngenta figure in this list . Nestle India spent only Rs 8.51 crore against a prescribed amount of Rs 30.7 crore . Oracle Financial Services spent only Rs 11.93 crore against a prescribed amount of Rs 32.95 crore . Apple India spent only Rs 1.12 crore against a prescribed amount of Rs 5.45 crore . BMW India spent only Rs 0.02 crore against a prescribed amount of Rs 0.47 crore .
Companies say they did not find a suitable project
Among the reasons mentioned for not being able to spend the prescribed CSR amount , 85 companies said that they did not find a suitable project or the projects are multi-year projects . 75 companies mentioned that the delay was on account of FY 2014-15 being the first year of CSR . 35 companies did not mention any reason . For instance , Apple India mentioned that the delay is because of the first year of CSR .
Data of the 460 companies as provided by MCA
To the Programmers on Programmers ' Day ,
To the childhood spent with cassette players and VIC-20s , and Saturdays loitering in the local Radio Shack for a turn on the TRS-80 .
To those who maybe were n't always the coolest kids in high school , but were often the smartest .
To the Rubyists and Lispers and Pythonistas , the architects , and the web and mobile developers who are able to show their children what mom/dad made . And to the embedded engineers who write code most people do n't even know is there .
To the thousands of Googlers , Yahoos , and Microsofties who make our email work and build tools to find anything imaginable . And to the many millions more who build things to run our homes and our lives .
To the hackers , the makers , the tinkerers , the startup junkies , the hobbyists , the open source contributors , the newbies and the grayhairs , who live in IDE 's and editors by day and often by night .
To those of you who have some of the best jobs in the world , with the highest hiring demand , yet are sometimes prone to saying that spending several minutes deleting potential job offers from your inbox can be a chore . And to those that are hustling for their next gig .
To those who solve the most complex technical problems in creative and elegant ways , yet are forced to distill their career for most people down to “ I work with computers ” .
Today , we salute you . Thanks for all you do .
With the deepest respect ,
Job Tips For Geeks
As government troops advanced on a village in northwestern Syria , activists say the terrified residents fled into a valley for fear of being arrested or worse . What happened next , one of the activists said , was `` an organized massacre . ''
The troops surrounded the valley and unleashed a barrage of rockets , tank shells , bombs and gunfire in an hours-long assault , according to two human rights groups and a witness , killing more than 100 people and leaving no survivors in one of the bloodiest days of a crackdown by President Bashar Assad against a nine-month popular uprising .
The White House said it was `` deeply disturbed '' by Tuesday 's attack , France called it a `` murderous spiral , '' and the Arab League reminded the Assad regime of its responsibilities to protect its civilians .
The United Nations says more than 5,000 people have died since March as Syria has sought to put down the uprising — part of the Arab Spring of protests that has toppled long-serving unpopular leaders in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya .
Anti-government protesters attend the funeral of protesters killed in earlier clashes in the Damascus suburb of Zabadani on Wednesday . ( Reuters )
Members of Syria 's opposition said the bloodshed outside the village of Kfar Owaid , about 50 kilometres from the northern border with Turkey in Idlib province , was evidence of the authoritarian leader 's intent to intensify its crackdown on the uprising before Arab League observers arrive in the country Thursday . The death toll from two days of violence this week topped 200 , including up to 70 army defectors killed near the city of Idlib , the activists said .
`` It was an organized massacre , '' said Rami Abdul-Rahman , head of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a British-based activist group . `` The troops surrounded people , then killed them . ''
Residents fled
Kfar Owaid is part of the rugged mountainous region of Jabal al-Zawiyah , the scene of clashes between troops and army defectors , as well as weeks of intense anti-government protests .
One Kfar Owaid villager who is an anti-government activist told The Associated Press by telephone that scores of residents and activists had fled to the nearby Budnaya Valley ahead of the advancing troops . He said the security forces had lists of names of those who organized massive anti-regime protests recently in the village .
Those who fled to the valley were completely surrounded by troops , said the activist , who identified himself only as Abu Rabih for fear of government reprisal . The troops then opened fire with tanks , rockets and heavy machine-guns , he said , adding that they also used bombs filled with nails to increase the number of casualties .
He said 110 people were killed in the attack , with 56 of them buried in Kfar Owaid on Wednesday . Others were buried in nearby villages .
Abdul-Rahman corroborated the Kfar Owaid witness account . The group , which uses a network of local activists to collect information on the crackdown , said 111 people from the village were killed Tuesday .
All of those in the valley were unarmed civilians and activists , with no armed military defectors among them , the rights groups said .
The Jabal al-Zawiyah region has been under intense attack by government forces since Saturday , Abu Rabih said .
Syrian officials have not commented on the allegations .
Arab League plan
Assad agreed Monday to allow foreign monitors into Syria under an Arab League plan aimed at stopping the bloodshed . The huge toll Monday and Tuesday from the crackdown has reinforced opposition suspicions that Assad is trying to stall before a new round of international condemnation and sanctions . His regime already has been left isolated and under pressure from the Arab world as well as the West .
Syrian soldiers chant slogans during a rally at Umayyad Square in Damascus on Wednesday . ( Muzaffar Salman/Associated Press )
In Cairo , Arab League chief Nabil Elaraby expressed deep concern about reports of an escalation in violence and appealed to Damascus to shoulder its responsibilities to protect civilians in compliance with its pledges to abide by the league 's plan .
The Arab League plan calls for Syria to halt its crackdown , open talks with the opposition , withdraw military forces from city streets and allow in human rights workers and journalists . The 22-member Arab League has also suspended Syria 's membership and levelled economic and diplomatic sanctions .
Despite the new violence , the Arab League appeared to be going ahead with its plans to send in its first delegation of monitors on Thursday . An Arab League official said the second team of observers — 30 experts in military affairs and human rights — will head for Syria on Sunday , led by Lt. Gen. Mohammed Ahmed Mustafa of Sudan .
Another team of 100 observers will leave for Syria within two weeks , he said .
The Obama administration , meanwhile , ramped up its criticism of the Syrian government Wednesday , accusing it of continuing to `` mow down '' its citizens despite promises to halt a brutal crackdown on reformers . The White House said Assad can not be trusted , does not deserve to rule and must leave power .
The new barrage of criticism came as the U.S. State Department issued a new travel warning for Syria repeating earlier calls for Americans to leave the country immediately and advising that it will further reduce its staff at the U.S. Embassy in Damascus .
`` The words of the Assad regime have no credibility when they continue to be followed by outrageous and deplorable actions , '' White House spokesman Jay Carney said in a statement . `` They have already flagrantly violated their commitment to end violence and withdraw security forces from residential areas , '' he said .
`` The United States continues to believe that the only way to bring about the change that the Syrian people deserve is for Bashar al-Assad to leave power , '' Carney said .
Comey Also Alleged to Have Obstructed Justice !
< NOSPAM >
( Washington , D.C. , June 6 , 2017 ) . Larry Klayman , the founder of Judicial Watch and Freedom Watch , and a former prosecutor of the U.S. Department of Justice has announced that he and his client have filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against former FBI Director James Comey , the FBI itself , the CIA , NSA and other intelligence agencies , as well as their former and current heads , for illegal and unconstitutional surveillance of Klayman and his whistleblower client Dennis Montgomery , a former NSA , CIA and DIA contractor who came forward to Comey , under grant of immunity , with 47 hard drives and 600 plus million pages of information , as well as testified under oath , showing that SCOTUS justices , judges , prominent businessmen such as Donald Trump and others have been spied upon.In the case of Comey , he is alleged to have obstructed justice by covering up the FBI 's investigation of the information and testimony , much of which was classified , which Montgomery provided to him and his Special Agents , Walter Giardina and William Barnett , as well as over 3 hours of his video-taped sworn testimony . The case is styled Montgomery and Klayman v. Comey et . al , ( 17-cv-01074 ) and was assigned as related to a prior case , Klayman et . al v. Obama et al . ( 13-cv-00851 ) in which Klayman successfully preliminary enjoined the NSA and others from constitutional spying . The judge on that case was the Honorable Richard J. Leon , who found the defendants ' illegal actions `` almost Orwellian '' and a violation of the Fourth Amendment . Thus , Judge Leon will preside over this case against Comey.A copy of the complaint can be found at www.freedomwatchusa.org and is self-explanatory.Klayman had this to say upon filing the complaint : '' Former FBI Director Comey and his agency have not only illegally spied on Mr. Montgomery and me , but have covered up and thus engaged in an obstruction of justice of the FBI 's and the other intelligence agencies ' illegal and unconstitutional mass surveillance . In the process of this illegal behavior , they have seriously damaged Montgomery and me , and they will be held fully accountable under the rule of law , for this and other tortious acts which should also now be included in the on-going grand jury investigation of Special Counsel Robert Mueller . `` For more information or an interview contact daj142182 @ gmail.com or ( 424 ) 274-2579 .
Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer has said many times he wants the city to be a destination for the world 's biggest sporting events , including the next World Cup held in America .
That goal is now closer than ever .
The City of Orlando has been contacted about being part of the joint bid for the United States , Canada and Mexico to host the 2026 FIFA World Cup .
“ We received the formal bid documents on Friday and are currently evaluating the bid and what this would involve from our community , ” read a statement released by the city on Monday evening . Fox-35 was the first to report Orlando 's invitation to join the U.S. World Cup bid .
The release also included a letter sent to Dyer on July 10 from U.S. Soccer president and chairman of the United Bid Committee Sunil Gulati .
“ We believe Orlando is a strong candidate for participation in this process , given your support of soccer , stadium facilities and tourism infrastructure you already have in place , ” read a portion of the letter . “ A cornerstone of our bid will be the reliance on existing infrastructure in our great cities .
“ We hope to work closely with you and your city to achieve our goal of winning the right to host the 2026 FIFA World Cup . ”
Dyer 's response stated the city is eager to work with the bid committee and agrees it would be a strong candidate to host games . Allen Johnson , the Executive Director of Orlando Venues , and Jason Siegel , CEO of the Central Florida Sports Commission , will take the lead working with the bid committee , according to the statement .
Dyer went on to mention Orlando 's role as host for the 1994 World Cup and Copa América Centenario matches last summer . The city also will host a 2018 World Cup qualifying match at Orlando City Stadium on Oct.6 .
The emergence of Orlando City Soccer Club , which now includes three professional soccer teams , also has helped grow a large fan base for the sport over the last seven years .
U.S. men 's national team coach Bruce Arena visited Orlando in May and said there could not be a better venue or city to select for the qualifier than Orlando .
U.S. men 's national team coach , Bruce Arena , spoke alongside Orlando City CEO Alex Leitão and City of Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer about bringing a U.S. men 's qaulifier to the Orlando City Stadium and the importance of playing in MLS stadiums . U.S. men 's national team coach , Bruce Arena , spoke alongside Orlando City CEO Alex Leitão and City of Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer about bringing a U.S. men 's qaulifier to the Orlando City Stadium and the importance of playing in MLS stadiums .
Camping World Stadium 's multi-million dollar renovation and Orlando City 's new soccer-specific stadium downtown both contributed to putting Orlando on the map for major events in soccer and other sports , including the men 's NCAA tournament basketball tournament , the Pro Bowl and Wrestlemania .
“ Hosting is a common thread that connects our community : our formidable group of government officials , visitor 's bureau leaders , corporate partners , media outlets , marketing and event planners , hospitality providers , and network of hundreds of volunteers are ready and excited to mobilize , ” read Dyer 's response to U.S. Soccer .
ardelgallo @ orlandosentinel.com
Mark Webber
Mark Webber 's decision to leave Formula 1 at the end of the season puts an already endangered species on the critical list . He is a top grand prix driver who is prepared to say what he thinks .
As Lewis Hamilton puts it : `` What I like about Mark is he says a lot of things that are true and he 's very blunt and he says it regardless . ''
Media playback is not supported on this device Time right to leave F1 - Webber
F1 is also losing a man who is `` super-quick , one of the quickest guys on the grid '' , a tribute paid by McLaren sporting director Sam Michael , who worked with Webber at Williams and has since had experience of , among others , Hamilton .
Webber 's combination of race-winning pace and forthright manner has made him a central figure in F1 over the last decade and , particularly , the last few years .
The 36-year-old Australian is what is known in his home country as `` a proper bloke '' .
He makes time for journalists he respects , yet happily admits to an impatience with PR work in general .
He is a proud and committed Aussie who lives in the English home counties , eschewing various tax havens , because it has come to feel like home .
`` Britney 's in the wall '' Mark Webber 's Williams years provided a favourite anecdote about him , which says a lot about his determination , sense of justice and humour . Like all top Aussie sportsmen , Webber is not immune to a few psychological games to boost his chances . And it was he who invented the nickname `` Britney '' - as in popstar Spears - for his young , blond and good-looking 2006 Williams team-mate Nico Rosberg , then in his first season . Their final race together was in Brazil , where Rosberg rammed into the back of his team-mate 's car on the opening lap , breaking the front nose of the German 's car and Webber 's rear wing . Because it 's relatively quick to replace a front wing replacement but a damaged rear means a likely retirement , the two were given a `` priority Rosberg '' message over the radio as they headed back to the pits . Webber , cross at his team-mate 's mistake , was determined to get back first and they began to race - really race - despite Rosberg suffering from lack of front grip and Webber struggling with the rear . As they came on to the pit straight , Rosberg was just ahead , only to lose control through the flat-out kink before the pits and crash heavily into a concrete barrier . Webber was right behind him and , as he passed the incident , the team came back on the radio with another `` priority Rosberg '' message . Webber paused for effect before replying in a languid Aussie drawl : `` Britney 's in the wall . ''
And he sees top-level sport in simple terms - as a medium for the best in the world to test themselves against each other , competing with respect , determination , integrity and total commitment .
The respect goes both ways . That is clear in his relationship with Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso , who Webber considers the best driver in the world , and in the trust they have put in each other in any number of on-the-limit racing situations over the years , most notably Webber 's breathtaking pass of the Ferrari driver at Spa 's Eau Rouge in 2011 .
Webber has won nine grands prix and is particularly proud of the four victories shared equally between Monaco and Silverstone , among F1 's classic venues .
But perhaps the best of all was his first , winning the 2009 German Grand Prix despite a drive-through penalty for causing a collision at the start .
The pace he showed that day in making up the lost time , pushing to the limit throughout , is what he misses about F1 in the current Pirelli/DRS era , in which he believes rapidly degrading tyres and the artificiality of some of the overtaking moves have diluted the sport 's purity .
Mark Webber celebrates his maiden win at the 2009 German Grand Prix
This partly explains his decision to spearhead Porsche 's return to closed-wheel sportscar racing next season , with the particular target of winning Le Mans . Despite the longer races , the drivers can push hard pretty much throughout .
Webber got his hands on front-running machinery only late in his career , at Red Bull in 2009 , when he was already 32 . The seven years leading up to that were a battle in a succession of uncompetitive cars from Minardi , Jaguar , Williams and , initially , at Red Bull too .
It was remarkable he even got that far . Webber was raised the son of a motorcycle dealer in Queanbeyan near Canberra in New South Wales .
`` We grew up in the same area , '' says Sam Michael . `` He 's quite a lot younger than me , so I did n't know him in Australia , but I do know how difficult it would have been just to get to Europe to be a driver . That 's a huge deal in Australia .
`` He did n't grow up on the karting tracks of Europe , pounding around since he was four years old competing against the cutting edge of everyone . You ca n't do that in Australia .
`` So to get into sportscars , Formula 3000 and then the bottom rung of F1 and work your way up the grid to win grands prix is a phenomenal effort . ''
The road to F1 was arduous . Via two horrendous aerial crashes at Le Mans in 1999 , he made it finally at the age of 25 in 2002 , driving a lowly Minardi for team boss Paul Stoddart , a fellow Australian , for whom Webber had driven in Formula 3000 .
Mark Webber poses with Ferrari 's Michael Schumacher ahead of his Minardi F1 debut in 2002
Like Alonso in the same team the previous year , Webber did enough in a back-of-the-grid car to convince he had potential .
A three-year deal with Jaguar was wasted by the team 's appalling underachievement and he then made what turned out to be a terrible decision to join Williams rather than Renault in 2005 .
It made sense at the time . Williams were BMW 's partner and had been one of the closest challengers to dominant Ferrari for the previous three years . And Webber was attracted by the chance to drive for a once-great team and perhaps revive their glory days .
But Renault were heading into two years at the very top , both of which their lead driver Alonso ended as world champion . Williams were on the decline , and Webber did not win a race .
Although Webber 's two years at Williams were frustrating , they did give him the chance to shine on a few occasions . Among them was being a victory contender at Monaco in 2006 against Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen 's McLaren before a wiring loom burnt out .
Webber moved to Red Bull in the hope of benefiting when their feted designer Adrian Newey came good . So it was his bad luck to be joined at the team by a phenomenon - Vettel - just as that happened .
Undoubtedly , Vettel has emerged as the superior driver , but the margins have generally been small and it says a lot for Webber 's single-mindedness and mental fortitude that he has been able to continually keep the pressure on the German - and sometimes beat him fair and square - despite knowing exactly where the team 's priorities lie .
It is generally in the slow corners where Vettel ekes out his advantage , a unique technique making superb use of the unconventional aerodynamics of the cars that have raced since 2011 . In the fast corners , Webber often has the edge .
Webber and Vettel have done little to hide the tension between them and the series of flashpoints in their relationship has formed a central part of the F1 narrative over the last few years . None of them would have happened had Webber not been such a strong and determined competitor .
Despite fame and fortune , he has remained true to himself . He is unimpressed with the trappings of F1 and its supposed glamour . And his willingness to follow his own mind is intact .
Media playback is not supported on this device F1 's Fernando Alonso and Mark Webber interview each other
One of the best examples was in China in 2012 , when F1 was a week away from going back to Bahrain after the previous year 's race had been cancelled following civil unrest .
Nearly all the drivers fell back on bland statements about trusting the authorities , about only being here to race and so on .
Not Webber . His views on Bahrain were well known so his pre-race media briefing was packed with journalists expecting he would say something interesting .
The Red Bull press officers suspected what might be coming , and had said to him beforehand that he should stick to the party line and not talk in depth about Bahrain .
Webber walked in , looked at the assembled throng , and said : `` So . Bahrain ? ''
Over the next 15 minutes , he talked about nothing else . Judging the situation perfectly , he picked his words with care , making it clear he was uncomfortable about the position the sport and himself were in and why , but not saying a single thing that could be construed as offensive or overtly critical .
It was a profoundly impressive moment - and he went on to produce one of his best races , out-qualifying Vettel on a tough weekend for the team and passing him for fourth place between the penultimate and final corners of the last lap .
In the car and out of it , F1 is going to miss him .
Win McNamee/Getty
Evan Bradley has spent 14 years studying linguistics . But his mastery of the relationship between music and tonal languages such as Mandarin Chinese was of little use during Bradley 's recent trip to Washington DC , as he tried to decipher the lingo of bureaucrats in the US Congress . He was one of 70 social scientists who descended on Capitol Hill on 29 March in an attempt to convince politicians that social science deserves government support — despite a renewed push by leading Republicans to shrink research funding .
For social scientists such as Bradley , the stakes are high . US President Donald Trump has proposed sweeping cuts to major science agencies , including the National Institutes of Health and the Environmental Protection Agency . And the powerful chair of the House of Representatives ' science committee , Texas Republican Lamar Smith , wants to shift 70 % of the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) budget into just four research areas — mathematics and physical sciences , computing , engineering , and biology — and reduce support for the agency 's social-science and geoscience divisions .
“ In the past , I 've done armchair activism — you know , ‘ hashtag activism ' , ” says Bradley , who works at Pennsylvania State University 's Brandywine campus in Media . But this year , he says , “ I felt it was important to get involved on the ground . ”
His trip to Capitol Hill was organized by the Consortium of Social Science Associations ( COSSA ) . For the past three years , the group has invited linguists , anthropologists , sociologists and political scientists from across the country in Washington DC , for a brief training session before a whirlwind day of meeting with members of Congress and their aides to advocate for science funding . This year , participation set a record : 70 researchers attended the training before fanning out to meet with 80 members of Congress .
Baby steps
For many of the participants , it was the first time they 'd spoken to an elected official . Emily Beaulieu , a political scientist at the University of Kentucky in Lexington , met an aide to one of her state 's two senators : Republican Rand Paul , who publishes frequent reports detailing government programmes that he considers wasteful . Science , including social science , is often a target .
During their meeting , Paul 's aide said that the senator supports science “ if it is n't wasteful ” , Beaulieu says . “ Of course , sometimes you do n't know what the application or significance of scientific research will be until it 's done , ” she adds .
Rebecca Eissler , a graduate student in political science at the University of Texas at Austin , met an aide to Smith . Given Smith 's history with the social sciences , she did n't expect it to go well . At first , she says , the meeting was awkward , and the aide was non-committal . But when Eissler and her fellow researchers asked how they could help Smith 's staff , the atmosphere improved . “ We had a discussion about the merits of good science , ” says Eissler — who notes that she and the aide still disagree about what constitutes ‘ good science ' .
Many of the proposals to cut funding for social science are familiar to research advocates , but have never managed to garner enough support to become law . Now the shifting political winds have given them new life . For example , Smith has long argued that the NSF should focus on science that supports the US national interest — and by his definition , that does not include social science . With Republicans now controlling the White House and both chambers of Congress , Smith 's proposal could finally become reality .
That would be devastating for US anthropologists , for whom the NSF is a major source of research grants , says Ed Liebow , executive director of the American Anthropological Association in Arlington , Virginia .
And even some researchers who might benefit from such a plan say that they find it worrisome . “ I do n't think it 's a good thing , ” says Scott Collins , an ecologist at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque and a former NSF programme director . “ We 're not out here to eat our own . Science is interdisciplinary . ”
That message resonates with Beaulieu , who was inspired by her day of meetings with politicians . Social scientists “ realize that we 're a part of a broader research community ” , she says , “ and we need to be heard ” .
CANOGA PARK > > Authorities sought the public 's help today in identifying an armed robbery suspect who held up a gas station in Canoga Park .
Detectives released video Wednesday of the armed robbery , in which more than $ 800 in cash and cigarettes were taken .
“ We noticed the guy stole one thing , even before he pulled the gun , ” said Det . Fernando Avila , a robbery investigator at the Los Angeles Police Department 's Topanga Station . “ You can see him reach into the take-a-penny- leave-a-penny tray when the clerk turns to retrieve the packs of cigarettes the robber feigned to buy . When we catch this guy , I 'm going to let him know how unlucky those pennies were . ”
The robbery took place just before midnight Saturday when the suspect walked into the store alone , wearing a black Monster hoodie , Avila said .
“ He displays money and feigns buying cigarettes to distract the clerk , then pulls the gun , ” Avila said . “ …This is top quality video and anyone who knows this man is sure to recognize him . ”
The weapon appears to be a black semi-automatic handgun , which the suspect kept in his waistband , Avila said .
Help ID the Penny-Pincher Bandit who committed armed ROBB in Canoga Park # lapd https : //t.co/RODInDVmvr — LAPD Topanga Div . ( @ LAPDTopanga ) November 30 , 2017
“ The penny pincher demands all the money in the cash register and he is not satisfied until the clerk gathers several wads of money , ” Avila said . “ The robber does not forget to take the cigarettes he ordered either . ”
The suspect is described as Hispanic , in his 40s , with a shaved head and a goatee . His left ear is pierced , and he wore an earring , Avila said .
Anyone with information about the robbery was urged to call Avila at ( 818 ) 756-3520 .
The Healthy Climate and Family Security Act of 2015 ( H.R . 1027 ) is the strongest and simplest climate solutions bill introduced in Congress .
Introduced by Maryland Congressman Chris Van Hollen , the bill would put a nationwide cap on carbon emissions , force polluters to pay for bringing fossil fuels into the U.S. market , and rebate 100 % of the revenue collected equally to every U.S. resident via a quarterly `` dividend . ''
This approach would accelerate the biggest job on the planet -- getting rid of carbon -- while boosting the incomes of 80 percent of American families . The first step in advancing this bill is growing the list of congressional co-sponsors .
Email your U.S. House representative and urge him or her to co-sponsor the `` cap and dividend '' bill . Or , thank representatives who are already co-sponsors !
Take action by using the form below :
Donald Trump & Milo -- ( Shutterstock/screen capture )
To understand just how fractious and ungainly the Trump coalition truly is , look no further than his administration . You 'll find establishment Republicans ( White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Secretary of Energy Rick Perry ) , former Tea Party insurgents ( CIA director Mike Pompeo and Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke ) , Wall Street players ( Secretary of the Treasury Steve Mnuchin and director of the National Economic Council Gary Cohn ) , and for the time being , clash-of-civilization ethno-nationalists ( Deputy Assistant to the President Seb Gorka ) , not a few of whom seem to be working at cross purposes .
For the first few months of Trump 's presidency , this unholy confederacy has largely kept in formation . But in the wake of Trump 's recent Tomahawk strike on a Syrian air field , it has begun to splinter , with the president drawing the ire of some of his most loyal troops : the Pepe brigade known as the “ alt-right. ” Now that he has all but banished former Breitbart chair Steve Bannon from the West Wing , Trump could soon be facing a full-fledged mutiny . Even his neo-fascist admirers in Europe have begun to question his commitment to the nationalist agenda on which he campaigned . ( That a loose collection of white supremacists and far-right extremists , however vile its motives , has shown a more unified opposition to military intervention than the Democratic Party is another post for another day ) .
The political benefits of Trump 's policy reversal seem dubious at best . It 's unlikely that he 'll gain the respect and acceptance of the establishment he so desperately seeks , despite all protestations to the contrary . And by alienating his most vocal supporters , many of whom have disseminated his message through their right-wing channels , he has left himself even more vulnerable to the corporate media 's attacks .
Here are nine Trump diehards who appear to have turned on their beloved president and political ally . One might even hazard to call them “ cucks . ”
1 . Richard Spencer
The self-proclaimed founder of the alt-right movement , Spencer is the president of the National Policy Institute , a think tank devoted to “ peaceful ethnic cleansing. ” As recently as November of 2016 , Spencer led a conference of more than 200 attendees in a cheer of “ Hail Trump , hail our people , hail victory ! ” while delivering a Nazi salute .
Spencer was quick to condemn the missile strikes on Syria , calling for Bannon 's resignation and likening Trump 's presidency to a third term of George W. Bush . The white nationalist , or identitarian as he prefers to be known , even intimated he 'd throw his support behind Rep. Tulsi Gabbard ( D-HI ) in 2020 .
Tulsi Gabbard 2020 # Trumped — Richard 🇸🇾 Spencer ( @ RichardBSpencer ) April 7 , 2017
2 . Mike Cernovich
While he denies any formal ties to the alt-right , this purveyor of deranged conspiracy theories and dubious vitamin supplements has been one of Trump 's most vocal and vitriolic supporters on social media . Just last week , he earned the praise of Donald Trump Jr. for “ breaking ” the Susan Rice story , a fallacious scandal involving Obama 's former national security adviser that has gone precisely nowhere .
Shortly after the airstrikes , the attorney with a “ gorilla mindset ” took to Twitter to express his digust :
Anyone who claimed Trump had blind loyalty had a wake-up call today . # NoMoreWars — Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 ( @ Cernovich ) April 7 , 2017
I have been streaming for over 10 hours straight . This is how passionate @ realDonaldTrump supporters are for # NoMoreWars . — Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 ( @ Cernovich ) April 7 , 2017
3 . Milo Yiannopoulos
Yiannopoulos has mercifully retreated from the public eye after video surfaced of him saying pedophilia was a rite of passage for gay men , but prior to that he was Breitbart 's most recognizable personality . He has staged all manner of tedious stunts to express his support for Donald Trump , including bathing in pig 's blood , and refers to the 45th president as “ daddy . ”
Trump 's about-face on Syria appears to have sent the would-be author into a Freudian tailspin :
4 . Paul Joseph Watson
Along with fellow Info Wars host Alex Jones , Watson has spent much of the past year and a half crowing about the globalists in our midst , at least when he 's not daring journalists to visit the mean streets of Malmo . ( In February , he suggested the small Swedish city had been overrun with violent immigrants . )
Watson 's journey on the Trump train appears to have come to an abrupt end :
It 's been fun lads , but the fun is over . I 'll be focusing my efforts on Le Pen , who tried to warn Trump against this disaster . — Paul Joseph Watson ( @ PrisonPlanet ) April 7 , 2017
I guess Trump was n't `` Putin 's puppet '' after all , he was just another deep state/Neo-Con puppet . I 'm officially OFF the Trump train . — Paul Joseph Watson ( @ PrisonPlanet ) April 7 , 2017
5 . Ann Coulter
The conservative radio host and political commentator has been a mouthpiece for right-wing reactionaries before 4chan was a glint in the reddit alien 's eye . Her racist screeds are legion—she 's made a lucrative career of trolling—but lowlights of recent vintage include arguments that Mexicans are “ culturally deficient ” and that soccer 's growing popularity in the States is a product of our moral decay . Earlier this year , she appeared to offer a bizarre half-nod to neo-Nazis on Twitter .
Coulter has been one of Trump 's staunchest defenders—she actually published a book with the title In Trump We Trust—but even she has been rattled by his interventionist turn :
Those who wanted us meddling in the Middle East voted for other candidates . — Ann Coulter ( @ AnnCoulter ) April 7 , 2017
Trump campaigned on not getting involved in Mideast . Said it always helps our enemies & create more refugees . Then he saw a picture on TV . — Ann Coulter ( @ AnnCoulter ) April 7 , 2017
6 . Steve King
Last year , the Iowa Congressman argued that white people have “ contributed more to civilization ” than any other racial “ subgroup. ” Just last month , he defended Holland 's far-right presidential candidate Geert Wilders , tweeting “ Widers understands that culture and demographics are our destiny . We ca n't restore civilization with someone else 's babies. ” In a related story , he was one of Donald Trump 's most faithful supporters in Congress throughout the 2016 Republican primary and presidential election .
King has grown increasingly disheartened about Steve Bannon 's marginalization in the Trump administration . “ A lot of us look at [ him ] as the voice of conservatism in the White House , ” he told Politico .
7 . & 8 . Nigel Farage and Marine Le Pen
Farage is one of the architects of Brexit and a member of Britain 's far-right U.K . Independence Party ; Le Pen is the leader of France 's extremist National Front and quite possibly her country 's next president . Both have lavished praise on Trump ( Farage adoringly called him a “ silverback gorilla ” after the second presidential debate ) . And both have criticized his military action in Syria .
“ I think a lot of Trump voters will be scratching their heads hard and asking , ‘ Where does this go from here ? ' ” Farage told British radio host Nick Ferrari . “ It plays absolutely into the ISIS narrative . I 'm really pretty worried about this . ”
9 . Steve Bannon
It 's premature to include Trump 's chief strategist on this list ; Bannon is still a member of the inner circle , and reports indicate that he 's “ laying low ” so as not to further alienate the president . Yet those same reports seem to suggest that Bannon has grown as disenchanted with Trump as Trump has with Bannon .
According to the Daily Beast , the one-time Breitbart chair calls Trump 's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , a “ cuck ” and a “ globalist ” behind his back . Axios published a separate story Wednesday that revealed Bannon 's allies , if not the man himself , are similarly disdainful of Gary Cohn , who they refer to simply as “ Globalist Gary . ”
Steve Bannon has called Breitbart a platform for the alt-right and professed his admiration for any number of fascists and white supremacists .
[ This unedited press release is made available courtesy of Gamasutra and its partnership with notable game PR-related resource GamesPress . ]
07 August 2013 - Featuring a frightening line-up of three Steam horror adventure titles , the new Stellar bundle from Bundle Stars is sure to give PC gamers a frightening night of gaming – without the scary price tag . Launched today , the Horror Fest bundle includes ; brilliantly designed horror adventure Scratches Director 's Cut , surreal but extremely playable Vigil : Blood Bitterness and spell-casting RPG Avencast : Rise of the Mage . All for just $ 1 ! Combining role-playing , adventure and action , the Horror Fest bundle brings PC gamers three awesome games with a 97 % * saving off the regular retail price . By buying from Bundle Stars gamers make huge savings , but they also help to support the game developers and contribute to the SpecialEffect charity , which helps children and adults with severe disabilities to enjoy computer games ( www.specialeffect.org.uk ) . The Horror Fest Bundle serves up many hours of gaming for amazing value at only $ 1 . It features : Scratches Director 's Cut : Gamers take on the role of horror writer Michael Arthate , as he arrives at Blackwood Manor - a solitary Victorian mansion which conceals a terrible secret . A careful combination of inventory-based and deductive-style puzzles , integrated with a riveting storyline , non-linear gameplay and intricately detailed graphics will see players immersed in this adventure horror and captivated by the haunting Gothic atmosphere as they work to uncover the evil hidden between the walls . ( Steam PC available in English ) Vigil : Blood Bitterness – Players are put in the dark and disturbing world of an ancient civilization in this stylised gothic horror adventure game . With 3D graphics and point-and-click playability , players must avoid deadly traps , solve puzzles and even devour the faces of slaves – all to reveal the secrets of the past and exact revenge on Evil , with the ultimate goal of freeing themselves from the torment . ( Steam PC available in English ) Avencast : Rise of the Mage - This action role-playing game is set in a perilous fantasy world where players begin the journey at the renowned wizardry academy Avencast . Honing skills in potions , spell castings , weapons and combat , players must prepare themselves for the demonic hoarde that is about to descend . Armed with over 60 different combat moves and spells , and over 100 different equipment items , players must cast spells , solve riddles and take on bosses to fight off the nightmarish creatures that threaten the survival of this world . ( PC Steam available in English & German ) The Horror Fest bundle , containing three awesome indie Steam games , is available to download now at http : //www.bundlestars.com/deals/horror-fest-bundle/ ? pr for just $ 1 , but gamers should be quick as this bundle is available for a limited time only . Join Bundle Stars at Google Plus , Facebook , Twitter and YouTube . * Promotional savings are based on USD retail prices and are correct at the time of publishing . ENDS Notes to editors For logo , images , pack shots and video links download the Press Pack here : http : //www.bundlestars.com/press/horrorfest.zip About Bundle Stars is a direct-to-consumer , social commerce platform which offers unique and exclusive offers on digital downloads . Bundle Stars selects the best quality , best value products from development partners and makes them available in low-price , time-limited deals . Consumers save up to 95 % off the normal retail price , with a proportion of profits going directly to chosen charity partners . Launched late 2012 , British-based Bundle Stars is owned and operated by Focus Multimedia Ltd , one of the UK 's leading independent computer games and software publishers since 1995 . For more information please visit www.bundlestars.com Contact Details For competition prizes and general PR enquiries : Rebecca Salter , [ email protected ] +44 ( 0 ) 1889 571238 or Tweet @ RebeccaFocus
BY @ WaronWant Adidas this week comes under pressure to tackle the sweatshop conditions in its supplier factories as War on Want launches a new campaign ( www.notokanywhere.org ) over the exploitation of its workers . The campaign demands the official spor …
BY @ WaronWant
Adidas this week comes under pressure to tackle the sweatshop conditions in its supplier factories as War on Want launches a new campaign ( www.notokanywhere.org ) over the exploitation of its workers . The campaign demands the official sportswear partner of London 2012 and Team GB takes action to ensure workers ' basic rights are respected throughout its global supply chains . The campaign targets Adidas ' brand and features a video highlighting the reality of life for workers making Adidas goods .
It has been six years since Adidas first implemented a voluntary ‘ code of conduct ' and over a decade since it joined the Fair Labor Association with the stated aim of improving working conditions in its supplier factories around the world . Yet all too little has changed for the three quarters of a million workers producing Adidas goods in 1,200 factories in 65 countries around the world .
Earlier this year researchers visited a factory supplying Adidas in Indonesia and found workers producing goods for Adidas earning as little as 34p an hour – far less than a living wage . Some Indonesian factories supplying Adidas do not even pay the legal minimum wage . Employees are verbally abused , slapped in the face and told to lie about their conditions during Adidas factory audits .
These conditions are not unique . In China researchers for the Playfair 2012 campaign found people regularly working from 8am to 11pm . In Sri Lanka researchers found people being forced to work overtime in order to meet production targets . In the Philippines , more than half the workers interviewed said that in order to cover their basic needs they are forced to pawn their ATM cards to loan sharks for high-interest loans . At all of the factories Playfair 2012 researchers visited , workers reported that they were not paid a living wage that covers their basic needs .
This is exploitation . It would never be acceptable for Adidas to treat workers like this here , and it should not be OK simply because they source from factories in poorer countries . Respect for workers ' rights and people 's basic dignity must be universal .
Adidas can end the appalling exploitation of workers in its supply chains . It must require the company 's suppliers to pay a living wage , covering basic essentials like housing , food , healthcare and education . It must ensure that all factories provide decent working conditions for all their workers and guarantee a positive environment for trade union organising throughout supply chains , Workers must be free to organise to secure their rights , without fear of repression or harassment . Now that would be an Olympic legacy worth celebrating .
Find out more at www.notokanywhere.org
– Murray Worthy is economic justice campaigner at War on Want
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial License
The murder happened Dec. 10 at Cary `` Mike '' Silverstein 's apartment in the 6500 block of North Hoyne Avenue , prosecutors said . View Full Caption Google Maps
COOK COUNTY CRIMINAL COURTHOUSE — A 64-year-old West Ridge man was brutally beaten to death with a frying pan at a birthday party , prosecutors said Wednesday .
The victim , Cary `` Mike '' Silverstein , was reported missing in December when he missed two meetings and failed to speak with his sister , whom he usually talked to daily , Assistant State 's Attorney Brian Whang said during a bond hearing Wednesday .
Silverstein 's body — which was thrown in a dumpster and brought to a suburban landfill — still has n't been found , prosecutors said .
But 17-year-old Shawndre Lehman on Monday confessed to the violent attack after eyewitnesses identified him as one of Silverstein 's killers , Whang said .
Shatrara Lehman ( l. ) and Alexander Robinson ( r. ) are charged with murdering a 64-year-old West Ridge man and disposing of his body . View Full Caption Chicago Police Department
Two additional accomplices — Shatrara Lehman , 25 , and Alexander Robinson , 28 — were charged late Wednesday , according to police .
The murder happened Dec. 10 at Silverstein 's apartment in the 6500 block of North Hoyne Avenue , prosecutors said .
Silverstein was hosting a birthday party for a friend when he got into an argument with one of Lehman 's male accomplices about 7:30 p.m. , Whang said .
The accomplice accused Silverstein of saying derogatory things to his girlfriend , and punched Silverstein in the face before leaving the party to cool off , prosecutors said .
The accomplice returned a short while later , and he , Lehman and a third male began to punch and kick Silverstein , according to prosecutors . The group repeatedly beat Silverstein with a metal frying pan until the man was dead .
At that point , the three attackers and the first accomplice 's girlfriend — Shatrara Lehman — devised a plan to get rid of Silverstein 's body , Whang said .
The group cleaned Silverstein 's blood with water and bleach , and washed the frying pan , prosecutors said . They removed Silverstein 's clothes and tried to wash his body before placing him in a makeshift body bag made of two garbage bags taped together , Whang added .
Shawndre Lehman then dumped Silverstein 's body in a nearby dumpster , while Robinson and the juvenile male acted as lookouts , prosecutors said .
According to Whang , Silverstein 's body still has not been recovered . The company that collects trash in the area brings its garbage to a suburban Maywood facility . From there , garbage is sent to one of two landfills : a Rochelle location that collects two million pounds of trash daily or a Rockford locale that collects 10 million pounds of trash daily .
After Silverstein was reported missing , detectives found blood in his kitchen and bathroom , prosecutors said .
During the course of an investigation , an eyewitness pegged Lehman and his three accomplices as the killers , Whang said . Police arrested Lehman Monday , and he confessed to the murder and to dumping Silverstein 's body .
Lehman , of the 500 block of North Lockwood Avenue in Austin , is charged as an adult with first-degree murder . He was 16 at the time of the fatal attack , court records show .
Cook County Judge Donald Panarese Jr. on Wednesday ordered him held in lieu of $ 1 million bail .
Prosecutors on Wednesday charged Shatrara Lehman , of the 3000 block of North Gresham Avenue , with concealing a homicide , police said . Robinson , of the 400 block of North Drake Avenue , was charged with first-degree murder . Additional details about their involvement were not immediately available Wednesday evening .
Shatrara Lehman and Robinson are expected to appear in bond court Thursday .
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here :
A friend was cleaning out their garden before the first frost and gave me a big pile of green cherry tomatoes .
I thought pickling them would be a great way to preserve them . I thought pickling them in beer was an even better idea . So , that 's what I did .
Cuz everything is better with beer . Right ?
This is a recipe for hot water bath canned pickled tomatoes . Alternately , you can stick them in the fridge after adding the brine to avoid the whole canning process but they wo n't keep as long . Let them sit for a couple weeks before diving in .
For the best results , make sure you start with fresh , blemish free fruit .
Make sure you sanitize your jars and lids to prevent contamination which will ruin all your hard work . The dishwasher is fine for the jars ; especially if it has a `` sanitize '' cycle . Or submerge the jars in a large pot ( the canner itself ) of water and bring it to a boil . Put the lids into the small pot of boiling water for at least several minutes .
Beer Brined Green Tomatoes
For every quart jar , you will need approximately 1 1/2 pounds of green cherry tomatoes .
1 Cup White Distilled Vinegar 1 Cup Pale Ale 1 Tablespoon Kosher Salt 2 Teaspoons Dill Seeds 1 Teaspoon Black Peppercorns 1 Bay Leaf 4 Garlic Cloves , Peeled 1 Teaspoon Brown Mustard Seeds 1 Tbsp Red Pepper Flakes
In a saucepan , bring the vinegar , beer , and kosher salt to a boil then turn down to a simmer . Keep an eye on it because the beer will foam up and overflow if you 're not careful . In a saucepan , bring the vinegar , beer , and kosher salt to a boil then turn down to a simmer . Keep an eye on it because the beer will foam up and overflow if you 're not careful .
Wash the cherry tomatoes well in cold water . Slice them in half .
Put the spices into a hot , clean jar . Use the measurements above for each quart jar or divide them equally into two pint jars .
Pack the jar tightly with the tomato halves .
Pour the hot brine over the tomatoes , covering them completely and leaving 1/2-inch headspace . Poke a chopstick into the jar and move it around to release any trapped air bubbles .
Wipe the rim clean , seal with a lid and band . Tighten the band finger tight . DO NOT over tighten .
Process the jars in a boiling water bath for 15 minutes for quarts / 10 minutes for pints . ( adjust time for altitude as needed ) .
Remove the jars from the hot water bath and allow sitting undisturbed for at least 24 hours .
Once the jars are cool , you can check that they are sealed verifying that the lid has been sucked down . Just press in the center , gently , with your finger . If it pops up and down ( often making a popping sound ) , it is not sealed . If you put the jar in the refrigerator right away , you can still use it .
Now , store them in a cool , dark place and use them as needed .
The beer brined green tomatoes will be perfectly pickled in about three weeks .
Use as a sandwich topper or in recipes calling for relish . Or garnish your martini for a unique flavor .
Florida construction workers have used a 59m crane to deliver a “ sleigh ” containing more than 1200 toys to young hospital patients .
The spectacular delivery of the industrial bin – decorated to look like Santa Claus ' sleigh – to Johns Hopkins All Children 's Hospital in St Petersburg was made last week , local broadcaster FOX 13 reports .
Video shows intrigued children watching on as a man in a Santa uniform operates the crane , lowering the bin before them .
Workers dressed as elves then approach the bin to help distribute gifts to waiting children and parents .
Other workers venture inside the hospital 's infusion centre to hand presents to those children with limited mobility .
Project superintendent Todd Collier said his team felt “ extremely privileged ” to work on the hospital 's new research and education centre and saw last week 's surprise as a chance to “ give back a little ” .
Hospital patient Lizzie said she found the event “ really cool ” .
“ I really liked how Santa Claus worked the crane and how Rudolph was the one flying the sleigh , ” she told FOX 13 .
Construction on the new centre is not expected to be completed until mid-2018 .
Have a good news story you 'd like to share ? We 'd like to hear from you . You can reach us at contact @ 9news.com.au .
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
What 's cooler than a rotating house ? One whose solar panels produce five times the energy the house uses . That 's pretty incredible , considering that even zero-energy structures are rare .
German architect Rolf Disch built the home , called Heliotrope , to follow the sun throughout the day . The structure features triple panes of thermally insulated glass to strike a balance between letting light in and keeping the house cooler inside .
A giant 6.6-kilowatt-capacity rooftop solar panel called the Sun Sail slurps up the rays of energy , pumping them into the home and grid . Solar thermal collectors on balcony railings act as water heaters and radiators . On cloudy days , the house can be heated with wood chips and solar thermal heating .
The Sun Sail itself rotates separately from the house , adjusting itself to the best possible position at all times . This gives it a 30 % to 40 % advantage in energy production over traditional rooftop solar panels .
The house is green inside as well . Waste water goes through a purification system for reuse , and rain water collects in a rooftop basin . The toilet system turns human waste into compost .
Is it nice to live in ? Disch must think so , as he resides in the prototype himself . Two other Heliotropes have been built to date , each costing about $ 2 million to build .
This video tours the house inside and out . Be warned : it 's in German and the time lapse at the beginning is set to some rocking techno music :
Hat tip to Inhabitat
King : Galveston Bay 's muddy waters solely our fault Bill King says seeing the pristine Great Lakes on vacation was a stark contrast to the sad state of the place where he usually boats and fishes .
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close King : Galveston Bay 's muddy waters solely our fault 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
I have been traveling through the Great Lakes this summer . It is an unbelievably beautiful area but , for some reason , is not a prime vacation spot for many Houstonians . Among the many wonderful attributes of this area : how clean the water is . For the most part , it is very clear throughout the system and , in some areas , we have been able to see 40 to 50 feet down into the water .
It has certainly been a stark contrast to the muddy waters of Galveston Bay , where I normally do my boating . And while we take our turbid waters for granted , it apparently was not always so . There are historical accounts in the mid-1850s of being able to see a silver dollar in 10 feet of water in Galveston Bay . So what happened ?
We did . During the development in and around - and especially upstream - of the bay , we did many things to adversely affect its health .
Probably the worst thing we did was to dredge millions of tons of ancient oyster reefs for their shell to build highways , streets , driveways and sidewalks . I was walking in an older part of Houston a couple of years ago and found a worn sidewalk that was originally constructed using oyster shell as aggregate .
Oysters are amazing little creatures . Each one can filter about a gallon of water an hour . Additionally , as they die off , their shells form a hard bottom on the bay 's floor , which helps control silt being churned in the water column .
But from the turn of the century until 1969 , it is estimated that we dredged 150,000 acre feet ( one acre covered to a height of one foot ) of shell from the bay . To give you some idea of how much that is , imagine taking the top off the Astrodome and filling it with oyster shells . You would have to fill it over 100 times to equal the amount of shell dredged out of Galveston Bay . What it took nature 20,000 years to build , we disassembled in the span of just over 50 years .
The earliest maps we have of Galveston Bay 's oyster reefs are from the 1950s . A comparison done by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department in the 1990s estimated that about half of the reefs that existed in the 1950s had been destroyed by then . There is no telling how many were destroyed before the 1950s .
Of course all that dredging , along with other dredging projects over the years , disturbed the silt that flows in from the rivers , suspending it in the water . This , in turn , cut down on the amount of light reaching shallow areas where seagrass beds once flourished . As a result , the seagrass beds died , further destabilizing the bay 's floor .
At the same time , through development and by pumping out underground water , we managed to fill or drown thousands of acres of tidal wetlands that stored silt and provided habitat for hundreds of species .
The good news is that for the past several decades , we have been doing some things right . Oyster dredging was outlawed in 1969 . The Clean Water Act of 1970 has gradually eliminated the most egregious dumping of chemicals and wastes into the bay 's watershed . It also sought to preserve wetlands . We formed the Harris Galveston Subsidence District and stopped pumping underground water at an unsustainable rate . And many groups and companies are now doing restoration projects around the bay , reconstructing oyster reefs and planting marsh grasses .
Today , we are probably almost holding our own or perhaps making a little progress toward restoring Galveston Bay to what it once was .
But we have a long way to go . Our waste water processing still has many gaps . And we discharge our storm drainage without any filtering . As development continues around the bay , the storm water runoff into it will increase , carrying with it fertilizers , insecticides , canine feces , etc .
And there are legacy discharges , such as the dioxin site on the Trinity River that we are going to have to deal with .
My earliest recollection of Galveston Bay is following my father through a grass field in San Leon , sliding down a clay bank to a small beach and wading out through seaweed to get to an oyster reef to fish . In that spot today , there is no field , there is no bank , there is no beach , there is no seagrass and there is no reef . And that occurred just in the span of my lifetime .
Galveston Bay is an incredible natural gift that we have inherited , but we have not taken very good care of it . We need to ask ourselves what kind of stewards we will be in the future . Would it not be remarkable if someone visiting Galveston Bay 50 years from now were to be writing home about its clear and beautiful water ?
It is not impossible . But it will take a lot of work .
Bill King 's column appears Thursday and Sunday . Email King at weking @ weking.net and follow him at twitter.com/weking .
A federal judge Wednesday threw out a lawsuit filed on behalf of Arizona Gov . Jan Brewer ( R ) that had blocked the implementation of the state 's voter-approved medical marijuana dispensary program . Brewer and state health officials had sued to ask the court for clarification about whether the state 's medical marijuana law was preempted by federal drug laws , saying they feared going forward would put state employees at risk of federal prosecution .
But US District Court Judge Susan Bolton dismissed the lawsuit , saying the state had not shown that federal prosecutors there had threatened to prosecute state or local employees for following the law , nor had it shown that any harm would come absent a ruling from the court . `` Plaintiffs do not challenge any specific action taken by any defendant , '' Bolton wrote . `` Plaintiffs also do not describe any actions by state employees that were in violation of ( the Controlled Substances Act ) or any threat of prosecution for any reason by federal officials . These issues , as presented , are not appropriate for judicial review . `` Brewer spokesman Matthew Benson told the Arizona Republic the governor was consulting with Attorney General Tom Horne before deciding whether to appeal . He also criticized the decision . `` What this court has essentially said is that it wo n't hear the state 's lawsuit unless and until a state employee faces federal prosecution for enforcing Proposition 203 , '' Benson said . `` The federal court has essentially punted on the issue . `` The ruling came in response to a motion to dismiss filed by the ACLU , which welcomed the decision and called on Brewer to quit being an obstacle. “ It is unconscionable for Gov . Brewer to continue to force very sick people to needlessly suffer by stripping them of the legal avenue through which to obtain their vital medicine , '' said Ezekiel Edwards , director of the ACLU Criminal Law Reform Project . `` Today 's ruling underscores the need for state officials to stop playing politics and implement the law as approved by a majority of Arizona voters so that thousands of patients can access the medicine their doctors believe is most effective for them . `` Under Arizona 's medical marijuana law , passed in 2010 , patients registered with the state are supposed to be able to obtain medical marijuana from tightly-regulated dispensaries , but that has n't happened yet . Now , one more hurdle has been removed .
The Raiders ' matchup in Pittsburgh with the Steelers on Sunday has grown a lot more intriguing with way Oakland has played this season .
The Raiders bring a 4-3 record and two-game winning streak into town to face a team that 's taken notice of one of the bigger bright spots this season in the AFC .
“ They 're making splash plays and they 're competitive , ” Steelers coach Mike Tomlin said on a conference call Wednesday . “ Their young talent is performing . ( Derek ) Carr is really impressive . ( Amari ) Cooper is impressive . ( Khalil ) Mack is impressive . Mario Edwards Jr. is impressive . They 're getting great contributions from young talent . They appear to be a team that 's on the rise . ”
That 's the kind of compliment Raiders GM Reggie McKenzie would certainly love to keep hearing , considering Tomlin made special mention of his top four picks from the past two drafts .
Pittsburgh quarterback Ben Roethlisberger will play his second game back from a knee injury , but his return came just in time for the Steelers to suffer another blow in losing running back Le'Veon Bell to a torn MCL .
“ It 's never easy losing a guy , especially a guy like that who 's one of the best in the business , ” Roethlisberger said .
That turns the job back over to DeAngelo Williams , who started the first two games while Bell was suspended and gained 204 yards in those outings .
“ Injuries are part of the game of football , ” Tomlin said . “ Obviously we 've played without Le'Veon already this year . We 've got a lot of confidence in DeAngelo , that 's why we acquired him and brought him here . On a personal level , obviously , you feel for Le'Veon , but he 's a competitor and a professional . I 'm sure he 'll come back stronger than ever . ”
* Tomlin , like many across the league , continues to be impressive by Raiders ' 39-year-old safety Charles Woodson .
“ This guy has really had a legendary , legendary career , ” I think we all should just appreciate what he does while we still have an opportunity to see him do it , because he is a generational guy . He 's a special guy . He 's done it at a high level for an extremely long period of time . ”
Pretty Much Every Resident Of Our “ Ally ” Pakistan Hates Us
Doug Mataconis · · 6 comments
A Pew Research Center poll released this week provides a stark reminder of just how bad the reputation is in what is arguably one of our most important strategic allies :
Currently , just 12 % express a positive view of the U.S. and only 8 % have confidence in President Barack Obama to do the right thing in world affairs . Obama 's ratings are as low as former President George W. Bush 's were in 2008 . Most Pakistanis see the U.S. as an enemy , consider it a potential military threat , and oppose American-led anti-terrorism efforts . All of these views were comparably negative both before and after the killing of bin Laden .
Pakistanis are also highly negatively disposed toward most of the U.S. policies that impact their country :
Key features of U.S. foreign policy remain unpopular in Pakistan . Only one-in-five think the U.S. considers Pakistani interests when making foreign policy decisions . Almost seven-in-ten ( 69 % ) want U.S. and NATO troops out of neighboring Afghanistan . Roughly six-in-ten ( 62 % ) oppose U.S. anti-terrorism efforts . And beyond the opposition to the raid on bin Laden 's compound , there are other signs that Pakistanis are concerned about issues related to sovereignty and the use of American military force within their country 's borders . Among those who are aware of U.S. drone strikes against extremists in Pakistan , these attacks are widely seen as unnecessary and as too costly in terms of innocent lives . Fears about U.S. military power are widespread – 69 % believe the U.S. could be a military threat to Pakistan .
And just to bring the point home , most Pakistanis believe that their biggest enemy is n't al Qaeda , the Taliban , or the Pakistan Tailban , but the nation they were once a part of :
How much longer can we really trust these people ?
H/T : Andrew Malcom
I asked David for his views on the ten biggest healthcare IT influences over the last decade - the trends that may fundamentally change the direction of healthcare support . David feels strongly that an important role of the CIO is to showcase technologies that can improve efficiencies ; performing tasks quicker and with less manual intervention . To do this , the healthcare CIO must stay ahead of the trends to insure IT is prepared for the future of healthcare .
Here is David 's list of the top ten healthcare IT influences over the last decade along with a slideshare about those trends .
1 . Smartphones
The smartphone and apps have been the catalyst for major changes at the point of care ; and the smartphone leading the way in healthcare is the iPhone . While not the first mobile device to be brought into the hospital , it was without a doubt the harbinger of small form factor devices being adopted for clinical care . Healthcare uses of smartphones have expanded with application development , leveraging built-in hardware including cameras , accelerometers and Bluetooth communication . There is now demand for the full enterprise environment on this mobile platform .
Smartphones will continue to improve data access for the medical staff , which translates into improved care . We are entering the era of information anywhere anytime , resulting in quicker medical decisions . New medical apps are transforming the smartphone into a medical device with the ability to send relevant patient data to the electronic medical record ( EMR ) .
2 . Wi-Fi
At many hospitals the wireless LAN ( WLAN ) now connects more devices than the wired LAN . It started with workstations on wheels ( WoWs ) and now encompasses medical devices , phones , video units , realtime locating systems ( RTLS ) , and guest Internet access . Wi-Fi availability is the norm as we move towards a digital space with mobile adoption .
3 . Bring Your Own Device ( BYOD )
Smartphones + hospital Wi-Fi = the need for a BYOD policy and mobile device management . BYOD has greatly influenced how technology solutions are evaluated and implemented by hospital IT . The consumer market is now driving corporate adoption . The days of the rigid corporate standard for hardware are gone , due in part to a cloud infrastructure that is capable of supporting a range of devices dictated by the consumer . Thanks to BYOD , the medical staff can choose a device that they are familiar with , reducing costs and training requirements .
4 . Government Mandates
Mandates like HITECH , HIPAA , and ICD 10 have forced healthcare institutions to invest heavily in IT infrastructure , talent , and application systems . These regulatory changes are moving us towards transparency and integration . The goal is to drive the widespread adoption and meaningful use of electronic health records ( EHRs ) to improve heathcare quality , safety , and efficiency ; and reduce health disparities and costs .
5 . Voice over IP ( VoIP )
The emergence of VOIP has allowed healthcare institutions to leverage a single IT infrastructure backbone for both data and voice traffic . More importantly , it has created a unified communication flexibility that started with mobility and has now evolved into applications . Anyone can be contacted anywhere at any time from any device . This means that the medical staffs are available 24x7 . Unified communication is leading to easier access , and translating to better care .
6 . Social
Social media , such as Twitter and Facebook , provides a platform that is transforming healthcare . It allows hospitals to reach out to staff , patients , younger audiences , and the general public in new ways . Not only does it improve patient engagement , but it provides a means to manage population health . Social media is rapidly becoming a preferred medium for patient-to-physician , patient-to-patient , and physician-to-physician communication .
7 . Virtualization
Virtualization has transformed the IT industry by giving the technology team new flexibility and agility . It enables the rapid roll out applications , while still maintaining the highest level of patient care . Infrastructure as a service ( IaaS ) and platform as a service ( PaaS ) are emerging to drive growth in the virtual cloud and virtual storage . Virtualization has made possible the consolidation of services onto dedicated server farms , which provides a higher level of availability and redundancy .
8 . IP-Based Medical Devices
Medical devices are evolving at an unprecedented rate , so much so that the 510K device registration process is in dire need of an update to ensure that medical devices can use the latest technological advancements . As these devices become smarter and more integrated into the network , the possibility of human error is reduced , which ultimately decreases re-admission rates . The network infrastructure and backbone must be agile enough to accommodate the growth of network traffic as we move towards an era where every device is on the network .
9 . Mobile Health ( mHealth )
With the increasing focus on decreasing healthcare costs , mHealth provides a spectrum of ways to leverage mobility to improve clinical work flows and outcomes . These range from video remote interpretation , to telemedicine and remote care use cases . The next step will be adoption of wearable technologies .
We are in a mobile world and with mHealth , medical professionals have the ability to make clinical decisions based on telemedicine technology and wearables . mHealth allows access to medical care from anywhere anytime . Rural areas can be provided with the same quality of care as the metropolitan population . With wearable devices and sensors individuals will be able to monitor their health the same way we monitor our cars , to stay on schedule with regular maintenance . This is a big step that offers individuals the benefits of personal big data .
10 . Big Data
Data is everywhere and the challenge is to use that data to make meaningful decisions and provide better care . Imagine using wearables to track fitness , vitals , sleep patterns , etc . The aggregate of this personal big data helps individuals understand their health to make lifestyle improvements and live healthier lives .
On August 22 , tvN 's Monday-Tuesday drama “ Bride of the Water God ” concluded its run . The stars of the drama shared their thoughts and said their farewells .
Shin Se Kyung touched on how much time has passed by saying , “ We started in the cold spring , passed the extreme heat , and ended in fall . I spent a lot of time with this drama . Thank you to all the staff members who worked hard. ” She also shared her thoughts on her character , stating , “ I was happy to meet the character Yoon So Ah . I received a lot of strength as people empathized with , cheered on , and gave a lot of love to So Ah . It 's a memory I will remember for a long time . I 'm also thankful for the viewers who followed the ‘ So-Baek ' couple , and hope to meet them through another project. ” f ( x ) 's Krystal , who played Moo Ra , commented , “ As much as I ca n't believe the time has passed , I 'm sorry that the drama is ending . It was so much fun filming with great actors and staff , and I learned a lot and had a great experience. ” She also thanked the viewers , adding , “ For all the viewers who watched up until now , thank you so much . I will show you a better side of myself in another project . ”
Gong Myung shared , “ Filming for ‘ Bride of the Water God ' for the last four months , I was able to experience the fantasy romantic-comedy genre as well as a god character , which I had not done before . Every shoot was enjoyable and exciting. ” On his character , he continued , “ As I played ‘ Bi Ryeom , ' many people gave me lots of love and encouragement , so I felt that this drama was a present from god and a drama from heaven . I 'm thankful to everyone who made this an unforgettable memory . ”
Watch “ Bride of the Water God ” at Rakuten Viki !
Source ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 )
Earlier this year I wrote at length about a very pricey food scam , the widespread sale of fake Kobe beefs in this country . In my multi-part series I explained that for the past few years the USDA has completely banned the import of all Japanese beef , Kobe or otherwise , fresh or frozen , bone or boneless . If a restaurant was advertising the sale of Kobe beef steaks , burgers , sliders , or any form of Kobe beef whatsoever , it was what I deemed “ Faux-be beef ” - certainly not the real thing from Japan no matter how much you paid for it .
Or as London 's Daily Mail eloquently put it , “ While restaurants across America have claimed to sell Kobe beef on their upscale menus for years , charging customers hundreds of dollars for the delicacy , these steaks have previously been fakes . ”
2014 UPDATE : Changes have occurred regarding the status of Kobe beef in the United States . For the most current information , please read the 2014 piece , The New Truth About Kobe Beef , which has details that supersede information contain herein .
2016 UPDATE : Several of the food frauds examined here at Forbes.com , including Kobe Beef , Seafood and Parmesan Cheese as well as dozens of others , from wine to honey , are covered in detail in my new book , Real Food , Fake Food .
This situation changed drastically last month when the USDA relaxed its rules and allowed the limited importation of some Japanese beef . The ban came about in the first place because of an outbreak of foot and mouth disease among Japanese cattle , but after ample investigation , the USDA has deemed the current risk for Japan to be low , and since late August , whole cuts of boneless beef can be imported . For steak lovers this is a pretty big shift since high-quality Japanese beef is rarely served on the bone anyway : you do n't traditionally get a Kobe T-bone or porterhouse or bone-in rib eye , so the real Kobe beef people crave will be allowed .
And it is not just Kobe . As I explained in my earlier series , other geographically designated ( Kobe is a place , like Champagne or Burgundy ) Wagyu beef ( Wagyu refers to several Japanese breeds , whereas Kobe beef can only come from one particular breed ) from Japan is often considered as good or even better than that from Kobe , and in theory all these will now be allowed . In fact , some of the steakhouses now selling `` real '' Kobe are actually selling other similar varieties of high-quality Japanese beef .
In practice , we are still talking about a very small quantity of very expensive beef . Kobe and its brethren throughout Japan are produced in very small quantities to begin with , and even though the USDA has relaxed the foot and mouth ban , its many other rules still apply , including approved slaughterhouses and inspections , so do n't expect to see Japanese beef in your supermarket anytime soon . In 2009 , the last year Japanese beef was legally , we bought 72 tons of it . That may sound like a lot but in that same year we ate about 13.5 million tons of beef , according to the USDA . The imports from Japan did not even represent a significant fraction of one percent of our beef .
The small amount that is being imported today is going almost exclusively to high-end steakhouses who will charge dearly for it - the Old Homestead in New York was one of the first to jump on the legal Kobe bandwagon , and numerous news outlets have reported their price of $ 350 for a steak . My favorite among the places I have seen as early Japanese Wagyu adopters is Red The Steakhouse in Miami , which was an excellent steakhouse to begin with and is where I would go to try the steaks if I could afford them . Japanese beef has also predictably made a fast comeback appearance on the Las Vegas Strip , where I expect it will soon be as widely available as something so scarce can be .
While this is a victory for beef connoisseurs tired of being duped , it does not really change the fake Kobe situation and in a way makes it even worse . A few months ago discerning fake Kobe beefs on restaurant menus was easy - it was all fake . Nonetheless many restaurants claimed to serve real Japanese Kobe beef . As I explained in my earlier series , this is possible because the US does not recognize Japan 's trademarks and thus the term Kobe beef has almost no legal significance here , so retailers and restaurants can use it as they see fit . Now that it is theoretically possible to buy the genuine article it will be much harder for consumers to know if what they are paying hundreds of dollars for is the real thing or not . It is a classic case of buyer beware and if in doubt before plunking down more than you have ever paid for a steak , ask to see documentation such as the example pictured from Red in Miami .
Follow Me on Twitter Here
Up until last week , the Fine Bros ' biggest claim to fame was their YouTube series of videos that revolved around a `` reaction '' gimmick , in which they filmed children , elderly people , or other groups of people as they happened upon some popular toy , show , or object . That changed on Tuesday when the duo announced plans to expand its empire—which involved the real-life brothers filing a trademark claim on the word `` react . ''
The resulting backlash proved so monstrous that the duo made an official announcement late Monday , backing off of every initiative they 'd announced on January 26 . `` We 're here to apologize , '' the Fine Bros wrote , before confirming that they 'd rescinded all trademarks and applications pertaining to the word `` react . ''
Additionally , the duo confirmed that it would shutter a new `` React World '' initiative before it had even taken off . As announced , React World would have allowed other video makers to pay the Fine Bros to license their React videos ' `` format . '' The Fine Bros tried comparing what they had to offer to the proliferation of `` Got Talent '' TV series across the globe , but critics complained about an aggressive takedown wave in the meantime . Several YouTube channels complained that they 'd received takedown notices from Fullscreen Inc , a company related to the Fine Bros , over their own original `` react '' videos .
The Fine Bros had confirmed in statements this past week that Fullscreen had indeed filed those Content ID claims , which would be rescinded , and Monday 's announcement confirmed that the duo would continue to back off such claims . ( The duo did n't formally announce that it had also deleted all proof of React World from its various social media feeds and video channels . )
`` The concerns people have about React World are understandable , and that people see a link between that and our past video takedowns , but those were mistakes from an earlier time , '' the Fine Bros wrote . `` It makes perfect sense for people to distrust our motives here , but we are confident that our actions will speak louder than these words moving forward . ''
The narrow genre of `` observing and interviewing groups of people ''
The Fine Bros ' US Patent and Trademark Office filing for the word `` react '' did n't revolve around all use of the word , but it was still incredibly broad , as the filing described `` programs and webisodes via the Internet in the field of observing and interviewing various groups of people . '' That trademark attempt was filed in July 2015 and approved for a 30-day opposition period beginning February 2 .
According to the USPTO , if no parties had filed an opposing claim against the trademark request within its 30-day period , it would have proceeded through the trademark application process . In the Fine Bros ' case , that had already happened twice in 2012 via claims on the phrases `` teens react '' and `` elders react . '' Monday 's announcement confirmed that those previously awarded trademarks would also be rescinded .
Opposition had already begun before February 2 , mostly in the meta-tastic form of video creators posting videos of themselves reacting to the Fine Bros ' many reaction videos . Our favorite was a curse-loaded tirade from video game designer Tommy Refenes , who filmed himself mocking the children who the Fine Bros had previously filmed playing his game Super Meat Boy . He took extra care to point out any `` random '' children in the video who he recognized as child actors from various TV series . ( Update : We forgot to add another great one , in which popular YouTube host Boogie2988 reacted to the React World announcement video—whose value has grown since its original source video has since been deleted by the Fine Bros . )
Story highlights Washington Post : Pakistan approved drone program , helped pick at least one target
White House says two nations routinely have intelligence conversations
Pakistan reiterates position that drone strikes must stop
Pakistani officials have for years secretly endorsed the U.S. drone program , even picking out at least one target for such an attack , according to a Washington Post report .
Neither the White House , the U.S. State Department nor the Pakistani Foreign Ministry would comment on the story , which said top secret CIA documents and Pakistani memos obtained by the Post described at least 65 such strikes between late 2007 and late 2011 .
The story comes as Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif visited President Obama in Washington . Sharif told reporters he brought up the issue of drone strikes with Obama , `` emphasizing the need for an end to such strikes . ''
White House Press Secretary Jay Carney was asked Thursday about the report .
`` I ca n't speak to specific operational issues , '' he said . `` What I can tell you is that on matters of bilateral cooperation and counterterrorism , we have regular conversations with Pakistan . ''
JUST WATCHED U.S. drone strikes may be 'war crimes ' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH U.S. drone strikes may be 'war crimes ' 02:09
JUST WATCHED Why have drones killed civilians ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Why have drones killed civilians ? 06:07
JUST WATCHED Former CIA official defends drones Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Former CIA official defends drones 06:08
For years Pakistani officials have denounced any drone attacks , but the Post story says not only did they know about the strikes but they also actively participated in selecting some targets . One document from 2010 contains an entry about striking a site `` at the request of your government , '' the Post said .
CNN Chief National Security Correspondent Jim Sciutto said his sources have told him there has long been good cooperation between intelligence agencies in the two nations .
The Post report echoes what former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf said in April . But he said Pakistan 's government signed off on strikes `` only on a few occasions , when a target was absolutely isolated and no chance of collateral damage . '' Still , it was the first time a top past or present Pakistani official had admitted publicly to such a deal .
Unmanned U.S. drones began launching attacks in Pakistan in 2004 , by which time Musharraf had led the country for five years after taking power in a bloodless coup .
He said Pakistani leaders would OK U.S. drone strikes after discussions involving military and intelligence units and only if `` there was no time for our own ... military to act . ''
Musharraf left office in 2008 .
In a statement Thursday , Musharraf 's office stressed that `` during nine years of his rule , there were less than 10 drone strikes , all of which targeted militants , and a few of them were joint operations between [ the ] United States and Pakistan in locations that were not accessible to the ground forces of Pakistan . ''
The statement also noted that the former military ruler said in 2009 that `` these drone strikes had become indiscriminate and were losing their impact due to claims of collateral damage to the civilian population . ''
It said that Musharraf `` consistently demanded [ that the ] United States transfer drone technology to the Pakistan military , so Pakistan could take ownership in effectively targeting terrorists and also remedy the violation of Pakistan 's sovereignty by [ the ] United States . ''
The Post report said the Pakistan government routinely received classified briefings , including before and after photographs , on the strikes .
Aizaz Ahmed Chaudhry , a spokesman for the Pakistan Foreign Ministry , said Thursday that Islamabad does n't `` comment on specific media reports citing unnamed sources . ''
Chaudhry reiterated Pakistan 's public position on strikes in a written statement .
`` Whatever understandings there may or may not have been in the past , the present government has been very clear regarding its policy on the issue . We regard such strikes as violations of our sovereignty as well as international law , '' it said .
The number of drone attacks has been decreasing sharply in the past three years because of tighter rules imposed by the Obama administration and the success of the program in killing its targets .
In August , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on a visit to Islamabad told a Pakistani television station that the United States hoped to end drone strikes there `` very , very soon . ''
President Obama has a `` very real timeline '' for ending the strikes , he said .
This week , Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch released highly critical reports on U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen . The groups said some of the attacks may have violated international law , a charge the White House denied .
Mobile commerce is huge , and it 's only getting bigger . With the holiday shopping season just around the corner , there has never been a more important time to understand the significance of mcommerce within the online retail world . We analyzed mobile data from over 35,000 Shopify stores and found some really interesting trends .
This Christmas , 1 in 4 purchases will be made on a mobile device . We estimate that next Christmas , 43 % of all purchases will be made on a smartphone or tablet .
Tablets have the highest average order value of $ 47 per order , which is 12 % higher than Smartphones at $ 39 per order . Almost everyone makes purchases from their tablet is using an iPad . Android tablets account for only 5 % of sales via tablets .
The number of mobile orders in America has skyrocketed this year , and the steepest growth is coming from unlikely States . For example , Wyoming has the highest mcommerce growth of 1,280 % , followed by North Dakota , Arkansas , South Caroline , and Louisina .
Check out all of our findings in the infographic below . Please click on the image to view it in full-screen .
After yesterday , I thought the crowd couldn�t be bigger . It turned out it can . There were more climbs , that accommodated more people and it all created a brilliant atmosphere . In all honesty , I�m a bit puzzled how people could stay cheerful after waiting for hours and hours , the only entertainment being the �publicitaire� caravan and the cars of journalists , photographers and very important people .
Especially , that their reward for such tenacity is a glimpse of the riders for a few minutes , which I think is fairly thin , even if they are the best riders in the world . That said , the crowds were amazing , people standing next to the road never got tired of waving and high-fiving even us , the non-essential crowd .
This time I got to the finish line in time , experienced the famous brawl for positions and realised that my height can be an advantage sometimes . Some happy and a few unhappy riders whizzed past and it was over . By the time I got back to the press centre , they were already breaking down bits that weren�t essential to be transported to London .
Whether I�ll be there or not depends on the gods of car mechanics – if my Vauxhall gets fixed , I�ll be there to see the end of the beginning of the 2014 Tour de France .
After yesterday , I thought the crowd couldn�t be bigger . It turned out it can . There were more climbs , that accommodated more people and it all created a brilliant atmosphere . In all honesty , I�m a bit puzzled how people could stay cheerful after waiting for hours and hours , the only entertainment being the �publicitaire� caravan and the cars of journalists , photographers and very important people .
Especially , that their reward for such tenacity is a glimpse of the riders for a few minutes , which I think is fairly thin , even if they are the best riders in the world . That said , the crowds were amazing , people standing next to the road never got tired of waving and high-fiving even us , the non-essential crowd .
This time I got to the finish line in time , experienced the famous brawl for positions and realised that my height can be an advantage sometimes . Some happy and a few unhappy riders whizzed past and it was over . By the time I got back to the press centre , they were already breaking down bits that weren�t essential to be transported to London .
Whether I�ll be there or not depends on the gods of car mechanics – if my Vauxhall gets fixed , I�ll be there to see the end of the beginning of the 2014 Tour de France .
Politicians , Innovation & The Paradox Of Job Creation
from the disruption-and-broken-windows dept
`` The fact is , I can unequivocally say that I did not create a single job while I was governor . ''
At the dawn of the self-service banking age in 1985 , for example , the United States had 60,000 automated teller machines and 485,000 bank tellers . In 2002 , the United States had 352,000 ATMs -- and 527,000 bank tellers . ATMs notwithstanding , banks do a lot more than they used to and have a lot more branches than they used to .
Our new economy is shrinking because technology leads to efficiency over growth . That is the notion I want to explore now .
Pick an industry : newspapers , say . Untold thousands of jobs have been destroyed and they will not come back . Yes , new jobs will be created by entrepreneurs -- that is precisely why I teach entrepreneurial journalism . But in the net , the news industry -- make that the news ecosystem -- will employ fewer people in companies . There will still be news but it will be far more efficient , thanks to the internet .
Take retail . Borders . Circuit City . Sharper Image . KB Toys . CompUSA . Dead . Every main street and every mall has empty stores that are not going to be filled . Buying things locally for immediate gratification will be a premium service because it is far more efficient -- in terms of inventory cost , real estate , staffing -- to consolidate and fulfill merchandise at a distance . Wal-Mart is n't killing retailing . Amazon is . Transparent pricing online will reduce prices and profitability yet more . Retail will be more efficient .
Filed Under : broken windows , economics , efficiency , job creation , jobs , politicians , politics , productivity
Radio waves are a type of electromagnetic radiation with wavelengths in the electromagnetic spectrum longer than infrared light . Radio waves have frequencies as high as 300 gigahertz ( GHz ) to as low as 30 hertz ( Hz ) . [ 1 ] At 300 GHz , the corresponding wavelength is 1 mm , and at 30 Hz is 10,000 km . Like all other electromagnetic waves , radio waves travel at the speed of light . They are generated by electric charges undergoing acceleration , such as time varying electric currents . [ 2 ] Naturally occurring radio waves are emitted by lightning and astronomical objects .
Radio waves are generated artificially by transmitters and received by radio receivers , using antennas . Radio waves are very widely used in modern technology for fixed and mobile radio communication , broadcasting , radar and other navigation systems , communications satellites , wireless computer networks and many other applications . Different frequencies of radio waves have different propagation characteristics in the Earth 's atmosphere ; long waves can diffract around obstacles like mountains and follow the contour of the earth ( ground waves ) , shorter waves can reflect off the ionosphere and return to earth beyond the horizon ( skywaves ) , while much shorter wavelengths bend or diffract very little and travel on a line of sight , so their propagation distances are limited to the visual horizon .
To prevent interference between different users , the artificial generation and use of radio waves is strictly regulated by law , coordinated by an international body called the International Telecommunications Union ( ITU ) , which defines radio waves as `` electromagnetic waves of frequencies arbitrarily lower than 3 000 GHz , propagated in space without artificial guide '' . [ 3 ] The radio spectrum is divided into a number of radio bands on the basis of frequency , allocated to different uses .
Diagram of the electric fields ( E ) and magnetic fields ( H ) of radio waves emitted by a monopole radio transmitting antenna ( small dark vertical line in the center ) . The E and H fields are perpendicular , as implied by the phase diagram in the lower right .
Discovery and exploitation [ edit ]
Rough plot of Earth 's atmospheric transmittance ( or opacity ) to various wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation , including radio waves .
Radio waves were first predicted by mathematical work done in 1867 by Scottish mathematical physicist James Clerk Maxwell . [ 4 ] Maxwell noticed wavelike properties of light and similarities in electrical and magnetic observations . His mathematical theory , now called Maxwell 's equations , described light waves and radio waves as waves of electromagnetism that travel in space , radiated by a charged particle as it undergoes acceleration . In 1887 , Heinrich Hertz demonstrated the reality of Maxwell 's electromagnetic waves by experimentally generating radio waves in his laboratory , [ 5 ] showing that they exhibited the same wave properties as light : standing waves , refraction , diffraction , and polarization . Radio waves , originally called `` Hertzian waves '' , [ 6 ] were first used for communication in the mid 1890s by Guglielmo Marconi , who developed the first practical radio transmitters and receivers . The modern term `` radio wave '' replaced the original name `` Hertzian wave '' around 1912 .
Speed , wavelength , and frequency [ edit ]
R. The ( E , green arrows ) of the incoming wave pushes the ( + ) and negative ( − ) . Since the length of the antenna is one half the ( V , represented by red band ) and current in the rods . The oscillating currents ( black arrows ) flow down the transmission line and through the receiver ( represented by the resistance R ) . Animated diagram of a half-wave dipole antenna receiving a radio wave . The antenna consists of two metal rods connected to a receiver . The electric field of the incoming wave pushes the electrons in the rods back and forth , charging the ends alternately positiveand negative . Since the length of the antenna is one half the wavelength of the wave , the oscillating field induces standing waves of voltageand current in the rods . The oscillating currentsflow down the transmission line and through the receiver ( represented by the resistance ) .
Radio waves in vacuum travel at the speed of light . [ 7 ] [ 8 ] When passing through a material medium , they are slowed according to that object 's permeability and permittivity . Air is thin enough that in the Earth 's atmosphere radio waves travel very close to the speed of light .
The wavelength is the distance from one peak of the wave 's electric field ( wave 's peak/crest ) to the next , and is inversely proportional to the frequency of the wave . The distance a radio wave travels in one second , in a vacuum , is 299,792,458 meters ( 983,571,056 ft ) which is the wavelength of a 1 hertz radio signal . A 1 megahertz radio signal has a wavelength of 299.8 meters ( 984 ft ) .
Propagation [ edit ]
The study of radio propagation , how radio waves move in free space and over the surface of the Earth , is vitally important in the design of practical radio systems . Radio waves passing through different environments experience reflection , refraction , polarization , diffraction , and absorption . Different frequencies experience different combinations of these phenomena in the Earth 's atmosphere , making certain radio bands more useful for specific purposes than others . Practical radio systems mainly use three different techniques of radio propagation to communicate : [ 9 ]
Radio communication [ edit ]
In radio communication systems , information is carried across space using radio waves . At the sending end , the information to be sent , in the form of a time-varying electrical signal , is applied to a radio transmitter . [ 10 ] The information signal can be an audio signal representing sound from a microphone , a video signal representing moving images from a video camera , or a digital signal representing data from a computer . In the transmitter , an electronic oscillator generates an alternating current oscillating at a radio frequency , called the carrier because it serves to `` carry '' the information through the air . The information signal is used to modulate the carrier , altering some aspect of it , `` piggybacking '' the information on the carrier . The modulated carrier is amplified and applied to an antenna . The oscillating current pushes the electrons in the antenna back and forth , creating oscillating electric and magnetic fields , which radiate the energy away from the antenna as radio waves . The radio waves carry the information to the receiver location .
At the receiver , the oscillating electric and magnetic fields of the incoming radio wave push the electrons in the receiving antenna back and forth , creating a tiny oscillating voltage which is a weaker replica of the current in the transmitting antenna . [ 10 ] This voltage is applied to the radio receiver , which extracts the information signal . The receiver first uses a bandpass filter to separate the desired radio station 's radio signal from all the other radio signals picked up by the antenna , then amplifies the signal so it is stronger , then finally extracts the information-bearing modulation signal in a demodulator . The recovered signal is sent to a loudspeaker or earphone to produce sound , or a television display screen to produce a visible image , or other devices . A digital data signal is applied to a computer or microprocessor , which interacts with a human user .
The radio waves from many transmitters pass through the air simultaneously without interfering with each other . They can be separated in the receiver because each transmitter 's radio waves oscillate at a different rate , in other words each transmitter has a different frequency , measured in kilohertz ( kHz ) , megahertz ( MHz ) or gigahertz ( GHz ) . The bandpass filter in the receiver consists of a tuned circuit which acts like a resonator , similarly to a tuning fork . [ 10 ] It has a natural resonant frequency at which it oscillates . The resonant frequency is set equal to the frequency of the desired radio station . The oscillating radio signal from the desired station causes the tuned circuit to oscillate in sympathy , and it passes the signal on to the rest of the receiver . Radio signals at other frequencies are blocked by the tuned circuit and not passed on .
Biological and environmental effects [ edit ]
Radio waves are nonionizing radiation , which means they do not have enough energy to separate electrons from atoms or molecules , ionizing them , or break chemical bonds , causing chemical reactions or DNA damage . The main effect of absorption of radio waves by materials is to heat them , similarly to the infrared waves radiated by sources of heat such as a space heater or wood fire . The oscillating electric field of the wave causes polar molecules to vibrate back and forth , increasing the temperature ; this is how a microwave oven cooks food . However , unlike infrared waves , which are mainly absorbed at the surface of objects and cause surface heating , radio waves are able to penetrate the surface and deposit their energy inside materials and biological tissues . The depth to which radio waves penetrate decreases with their frequency , and also depends on the material 's resistivity and permittivity ; it is given by a parameter called the skin depth of the material , which is the depth within which 63 % of the energy is deposited . For example , the 2.45 GHz radio waves ( microwaves ) in a microwave oven penetrate most foods approximately 2.5 to 3.8 cm ( 1 to 1.5 inches ) . Radio waves have been applied to the body for 100 years in the medical therapy of diathermy for deep heating of body tissue , to promote increased blood flow and healing . More recently they have been used to create higher temperatures in hyperthermia treatment and to kill cancer cells . Looking into a source of radio waves at close range , such as the waveguide of a working radio transmitter , can cause damage to the lens of the eye by heating . A strong enough beam of radio waves can penetrate the eye and heat the lens enough to cause cataracts . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
Since the heating effect is in principle no different from other sources of heat , most research into possible health hazards of exposure to radio waves has focused on `` nonthermal '' effects ; whether radio waves have any effect on tissues besides that caused by heating . Electromagnetic radiation has been classified by the International Agency for Research on Cancer ( IARC ) as `` Possibly carcinogenic to humans '' . [ 16 ] [ 17 ] The conceivable evidence of cancer risk via Personal exposure to RF-EMF with mobile telephone use was identified . [ 18 ]
Radio waves can be shielded against by a conductive metal sheet or screen , an enclosure of sheet or screen is called a Faraday cage . A metal screen shields against radio waves as well as a solid sheet as long as the holes in the screen are smaller than about 1/20 of wavelength of the waves . [ 19 ]
Measurement [ edit ]
Since radio frequency radiation has both an electric and a magnetic component , it is often convenient to express intensity of radiation field in terms of units specific to each component . The unit volts per meter ( V/m ) is used for the electric component , and the unit amperes per meter ( A/m ) is used for the magnetic component . One can speak of an electromagnetic field , and these units are used to provide information about the levels of electric and magnetic field strength at a measurement location .
Another commonly used unit for characterizing an RF electromagnetic field is power density . Power density is most accurately used when the point of measurement is far enough away from the RF emitter to be located in what is referred to as the far field zone of the radiation pattern . [ 20 ] In closer proximity to the transmitter , i.e. , in the `` near field '' zone , the physical relationships between the electric and magnetic components of the field can be complex , and it is best to use the field strength units discussed above . Power density is measured in terms of power per unit area , for example , milliwatts per square centimeter ( mW/cm2 ) . When speaking of frequencies in the microwave range and higher , power density is usually used to express intensity since exposures that might occur would likely be in the far field zone .
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved Mystery substance coating cars
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved Mystery substance coating cars
DAYTON , Ohio ( WDTN ) - The people who live around the Wagner Ford/Needmore Road neighborhood say a white , gritty residue has fallen from the sky two times since the beginning of January .
They 're concerned for their businesses and the health of the people who live there .
It 's a mystery they want solved before it happens again .
Last month , Scott Davidson came back to his auto repair shop after enjoying a weekend off . To his surprise , he found a mysterious , white substance all over his property .
`` It was definitely white specks , '' said Davidson
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved
Davidson and his wife took a video that shows nearly every vehicle in his lot covered by the white , gritty , material .
`` It concerns me . Plus , I do n't want my customers to drop their car off here , especially a darker car and all of a sudden see white spots everywhere , because they do n't know if it 's over spray paint or something like that , '' said Davidson .
He is n't alone with his concerns . In fact , 2 NEWS Investigates was contacted by other people in the area asking us to get answers about the residue on their cars , and they all had the same questions : What is it and where was it coming from ?
`` At least tell us what it is .. tell us it 's not harmful on paint jobs or anything like that .. customers ' cars , buildings , lungs , '' said Davidson .
2 NEWS Investigates started asking questions and traced the problem back to the corn milling plant across the street , owned by Cargill .
We reached out and a spokeswoman confirmed they 're looking into complaints . She also said in a statement they regret any inconvenience it may have caused the people around them .
They 're providing many of them with free car washes , but these residents and business owners want more than that . They want to know if this white grit is dangerous to their health and a plan to prevent it from happening again .
`` You always see smoke coming out of the stacks and I know the EPA regulates most of that , what did get out of there and land on vehicles ? That 's what we want to know , '' said Davidson .
That 's a question the Regional Air Pollution Control Agency or RAPCA wanted to know too .
They have started an investigation of their own after getting the same complaints we did .
Investigators there have been in contact with Cargill to find the source .
Cargill tested the substance and RAPCA confirms , it 's sodium sulfate , a type of salt .
According to RAPCA Supervisor Jennifer Marsee , it 's a substance easily dissolved in water that can be a mild irritant .
Natalie : `` Is it dangerous to breathe in ? ''
Jennifer Marsee : `` Probably in large amounts it could be . At this point , the good news is it seems the material is not necessarily hazardous to human health ; has n't caused anyone any ill effects that we are aware of . ''
We found Cargill is permitted to emit certain things into the air but they 're closely monitored by the EPA and RAPCA .
Marsee said they have inspected the plant since the complaints and determined Cargill is still in compliance with their air permits .
We now know what this is , but there 's still another mystery : how did it get here ?
`` That is still part of the investigation . As far as we know Cargill does n't know as yet , '' said Marsee .
RAPCA has given Cargill two weeks to figure that out .
But one thing is for sure . This salt should not just be falling from the sky onto neighboring cars and businesses .
Natalie : `` Just so I 'm clear , this material should n't be in the air coming from this building ? ''
`` It should not be coming from Cargill , '' said Marsee .
We will be checking back in with RAPCA after those two weeks are up .
If they find out Cargill is out of line with what they 're permitted to omit , they can take enforcement action .
We 'll let you know what happens .
`` Cargill Dayton has received complaints that a light residue came from its facility on Jan. 2 and Jan.18 and coated some vehicles .
Cargill is investigating these complaints and regrets any inconvenience it may have caused its neighboring residents and businesses .
Our testing indicates that the residue is a salt that is highly dissolvable in water .
Cargill has provided complimentary car washes at a local gas station for those impacted . '' - Cargill statement
Gutierrez : Leaving Sauber was the best decision of my career
Newly signed Haas F1 driver Esteban Gutierrez says leaving his Sauber race seat last year was the “ best decision of my career ” .
The 24-year-old Mexican and his backers signed up instead at Ferrari , where the reserve driver role this year led straight to a Haas race seat for 2016 .
“ It was difficult , ” Gutierrez said . “ Not an easy year . I had to be very patient . Leaving [ Sauber ] to become a third driver for Ferrari was tough but also the best decision of my career . ”
But it appears he always suspected the Ferrari door to lead to Haas , the new American outfit that is regarded by many as effectively a Ferrari ‘ B team ' .
“ It was a great year in many ways , ” Gutierrez admitted , “ always with the strategy and vision for the future . It was a big risk but leaving the ( Sauber ) race seat to be third driver was the best decision of my career .
“ Last year , I knew that Haas would enter formula one and I saw a great opportunity . It is an important team in the United States already ( in Nascar ) , achieving great results and now they are entering F1 in a serious way . And we have a great relationship with Ferrari . ”
Gutierrez spent two seasons with Sauber , in 2013 and 2104 , where he competed in 38 grands prix and scored six points in the process .
It 's the news Making a Murderer fans and Steven Avery supporters have been waiting for : Avery 's lawyer , Kathleen Zellner , has revealed that she and her legal team have a new suspect in the Teresa Halbach murder .
“ We have a couple [ of new suspects ] , ” Zellner told The Wrap . “ I 'd say there 's one leading the pack by a lot . But I do n't want to scare him off . I do n't want him to run . ”
READ MORE : Steven Avery Project leader : “ He 'll be exonerated ” without a trial
Netflix 's Making a Murderer is a 10-part documentary series that follows the case of Wisconsin native Avery . He is serving a life sentence ( without the possibility for parole ) for the murder of Halbach and illegally possessing a firearm . Avery , who had previously been jailed for 18 years for a sexual assault in 1985 , was exonerated in that case by newly discovered DNA evidence in 2003 .
Two years later , Avery brought a US $ 36-million lawsuit against Manitowoc County , Wis. , for the wrongful conviction . The series calls into question the investigation and trial that put Avery and his nephew , Brendan Dassey , behind bars , and alleges the investigators and police in the case planted evidence and otherwise manipulated the outcome of the trial .
READ MORE : Steven Avery case : New information questions if bones found were Teresa Halbach 's
Now there seems to be a ray of light for Avery . Zellner previously said that he has an “ airtight alibi , ” but with the addition of potential suspects , this is the closest he 's gotten to exoneration since he was put back in prison . The legal team , which is working pro bono , is hoping to file an appeal soon , but is compiling as much information as possible first .
“ Half of my exoneration cases have led to the apprehension of the real killer , ” Zellner said . “ I 've probably solved way more murder cases than most homicide detectives . ”
Zellner is focusing on one suspect in particular . The mystery Arizona man ( Zellner did not reveal his name ) was arrested in December 2015 for crimes that were sexual in nature . Interestingly , Halbach called this man on two occasions shortly before her death .
READ MORE : Ex-detective says Steven Avery was framed , serial killer responsible for Teresa Halbach death
Manitowoc County police never looked into the suspect , and Zellner believes it 's further evidence that Avery was framed .
“ They used forensic science to convict [ Avery ] , and I 'll be using it to convict them of planting the evidence , ” she said .
She also believes that police did very inadequate research into Halbach 's past and love life . “ Women who have bad judgment about men are murdered , ” she added .
Not even Avery 's original lawyers ( who were featured in Making a Murderer ) , Dean Strang and Jerry Buting , escaped Zellner 's scrutiny . She claims they botched the original case by not arguing that Halbach 's phone records show her leaving Avery 's wrecking yard alive .
WATCH : Steven Avery 's lawyer says case has “ hallmarks of a wrongful conviction ”
- Advertisement -
Last week , I tagged along while my wife took her mom , Bonnie , to the DMV so she could get a photo on her valid driver 's license . Sixteen states have recently enacted restrictive voting laws , and Tennessee is doing its part by requiring most people ( although there are exceptions , which I 'll mention later ) to have a photo license to vote . While it may not sound like a big deal ; it was a very big deal for Bonnie . She has fought back from two strokes in three years and suffers from high blood pressure and osteoporosis . Never-the-less , she was determined to make the trek in order to exercise her right to vote .
Arriving at the DMV , we quickly got a number ; then sat down to wait '' and wait . After an hour , Bonnie was getting weak and , even though she would n't admit it ; her back was hurting . We finally figured out that you can go a kiosk to get processed for a new license . You need to be pretty handy with touch screens to navigate through the IPads , and my wife and I got stuck on one question and had to ask for assistance . After filling out multiple pages and paying an $ 8.00 fee with a credit card , we rejoined Bonnie in the waiting area . In just a few minutes , Bonnie was called up to the desk to have her picture taken and issued a new `` photo '' license .
While Bonnie is a courageous woman , she physically would n't have been able to wait for multiple hours at the DMV , and she certainly would n't have been able to submit her request through the kiosk ( all while standing up ) . So , without help , Bonnie would not have been able to get her photo identification , which means her right to vote would have effectively been taken away . I do n't know how many more `` Bonnies '' are out there . Tragically , there are many who do n't have someone to take them to get a photo ID , or may not be able to wait for hours at the DMV , or have an extra $ 8.00 .
I could understand this inconvenience if Tennessee was having a problem with voter ID fraud . However , at most , there have only been a couple of isolated cases . The major fraud this year involved a RNC consulting group that dropped off fake voter registrations in Florida ; and this law would n't prevent that . No , this law has nothing to do with voter fraud and everything to do with suppressing the vote of minorities and the poor , groups that often vote Democrat . Because hunters tend to vote Republican , this carefully crafted law allows an expired hunting license from another state ( with no photo ) to serve as an ID . But not Bonnie 's valid Tennessee driver 's license .
- Advertisement -
Senior citizens may have been the unintended victims of this blatantly political legislation . But , like so many other minority groups who are the least able to defend themselves , they are suffering the consequences . Not only is this bad legislature , it 's immoral , and Republican lawmakers should be ashamed of themselves for playing politics with democracy . I can only hope that others affected by this law will show the same determination Bonnie did , and fight for their right to vote . And while I do n't know whom Bonnie will vote for , I have a feeling she will remember who made her make an unnecessary trip to the DMV .
Jeff Fulmer is the author of the book , Hometown Prophet . To see a video of `` Bonnie 's Trip to the DMV , '' click on the link at the top of the page , or go to the Hometown Prophet website ( http : //www.hometownprophetbook.com/ ) and click on `` Visit Our Blog . ''
SOUTH SALT LAKE — A veteran officer of the Unified Police Department has been charged with stalking a former girlfriend and hacking her computer accounts .
Neil Poff , 41 , was charged last week in 3rd District Court with stalking , a third-degree felony ; computer crimes , a third-degree felony ; electronic communications harassment , a class B misdemeanor ; and illegally obtaining records , a class B misdemeanor .
Poff has been on extended administrative leave since August . Both an internal investigation and a criminal investigation being conducted by the Utah Attorney General 's Office are ongoing .
`` Once we determined that there was a possibility of this situation being criminal , the case was turned over to the Utah Attorney General 's Office for them to investigate , '' said Unified Police Lt. Justin Hoyal .
Poff was involved in a romantic relationship with a woman who was a part-time Unified police employee from 2010 to 2012 , according to charging documents . At one point the two lived in the same house .
During the last few months of their relationship , the woman told investigators that `` Poff became very jealous '' of her male friends . Ultimately , the woman claimed Poff gained access to her phone records and Facebook page , and continued to send her criminal history information about many of her male friends , the charges state .
The behavior linked to Poff has created fear , anxiety and uneasiness with ( the woman ) , and she has been nervous about what could happen to her and her children . –Charging documents
In one incident , Poff allegedly questioned the woman about why she and another man exchanged 112 texts . He confronted her with a mugshot and criminal record of the man he believed she was texting , the charges state . It turned out that man was the previous owner of the cellphone number and not the man she was texting . But prosecutors say Poff 's knowledge of the woman 's texting `` reveals that he was accessing her private information . ''
On July 23 , 2012 , the woman received notification that her AT & T account password had been changed , even though she did not request a change . She changed it , and it was changed again the next day without her knowledge , court records state . On Aug. 1 , 2012 , her Facebook password was changed without her knowledge .
Poff was placed on administrative leave Aug. 1 . In the days that followed , the woman received numerous threatening emails from anonymous addresses saying nude pictures of her would be distributed , the charges state . Friends and relatives of the woman also received texts asking if they wanted pornographic pictures of her . The woman told investigators that Poff was the one who took the pictures . He also allegedly threatened to post them on public websites .
Poff made posts on his own Facebook account suggesting possible violence , according to court records .
`` The behavior linked to Poff has created fear , anxiety and uneasiness with ( the woman ) , and she has been nervous about what could happen to her and her children , '' the charging documents state .
Hoyal said Poff has been with the department for 18 years .
`` It 's always difficult knowing that there is an investigation going on , on one of your current members , '' Hoyal said .
Poff made bail after he was arrested and had a preliminary hearing already this week .
Contributing : Andrew Wittenberg
×
Related Stories
Microsoft released Windows 10 Build 14316 to PC users today and its a big one , with a massive changelog with many new features .
Recently Microsoft has been releasing mobile and desktop builds on the same day , but it appears a cellular data bug has prevented this today .
On Twitter Microsoft writes :
@ immicrosoftfan [ @ gabeaul ] We released 14316 to PC today . Found a breaking bug on Mobile that prevented release for both . ^JH — Windows Insider ( @ windowsinsider ) April 6 , 2016
@ CedricPoottaren [ @ gabeaul ] No Mobile build release today . We 're working on a breaking bug related to cellular data . ^JH — Windows Insider ( @ windowsinsider ) April 6 , 2016
Microsoft did not release an ETA for the new mobile build , but I suspect it may wait for the next PC build to become available .
See the changelog for the PC build here .
via NPU
How does one turn a ballroom into a happening ? By pressing one more letter . I watch as a single finger blazes through a sentence describing the meeting I am in . I ca n't type this fast on my phone . And Ryan Ghassabian is doing it on a watch . This is the whole point of iType , a new smartwatch from a company called TypeTime .
advertisement
advertisement
The iType 's keyboard has the letters arranged like a standard QWERTY keyboard , but instead of each letter having its own key , letters are grouped together on only six keys . The result is a compact tool for easier typing , not unlike the way T9 predictive text made typing on early cell phones exponentially less arduous . Snapkeys “ The one area where smartwatches were lacking was a keyboard . We saw that we had a great keyboard solution that could fit on all devices , whether it be phones , tablets , or smartwatches . So we started developing our keyboard to fit the small form factor of a smartwatch , ” says Ryan Ghassabian . And it is a curious thing to watch an unintelligible jumble of letters like “ bdttwkk ” become “ ballroom ” with a press of a key and then another press transforming the word to “ happening. ” For increased speed , you can even swipe between letters , rather than tapping . The company has seen users go as high as 80 words per minute , faster than the average person at typing on a normal keyboard . To help users feel comfortable , there is a line that shows what you are typing , to catch any mistakes . Furthermore , displayed above the typing area is a list of suggested words , so you can stop a word halfway and just tap the full word . If you do n't see the word you are looking for , add it to the dictionary . Like most smartphone keyboards these days , algorithms will even learn names and adjust for common spelling mistakes like transposing two letters , including the relocated L and O . All of this functionality , including the surety from watching your letters being typed out , fits into the tiny 1.54″ screen of the iType smartwatch . This enables you to actually respond to an email or hold a conversation via text message . This is what TypeTime believes is necessary to make smartwatches useful . Most of today 's smartwatches that run on Google 's Android operating system actually use AndroidWear , a simplified version of the OS made for wearable devices . With the exception of the Minuum keyboard on some smartwatches , this means no keyboard .
advertisement
Of course , typing on a smartwatch flies in the face of almost all fashionable design thinking surrounding wearables such as the Moto 360 and the Apple Watch , which favor ultra-streamlined UIs . When it comes to communication tools , that means pre-written text phrases , voice commands , emojis , and the like . It does not mean hunting and pecking on a watch face . But when it comes to TypeTime 's keyboard , it is n't the byproduct of an oversight . It 's an outright philosophical disagreement with the status quo in current wearables . Ryan says , “ Apple is pushing the fact that you can doodle on their smartwatches , write ‘ Hi ' or use emojis or use pre-defined sentences that 90 % of the time do n't even cater to what you want to say . That 's not what you want to say . You want to be personal with somebody . Our keyboard allows you to be personal in that you can really type on a smartwatch , rather than letting a manufacturer dictate what you have to say . ”
And a feature being less than optimal has never stopped consumers from liking what they like ( i.e. , 6-inch smartphones ) . Much like T9 proved you could write coherently on a 0-9 cell-phone keyboard , iType at least makes an argument that typing on a smartwatch can be done competently . Benjamin Ghassabian is the founder and CEO of Snapkeys , the parent company of TypeTime . Besides being Ryan 's uncle , Benjamin is a UI expert that has been developing word processing software since 1979 , working on a simplified keyboard since 2000 , and founded Snapkeys in 2008 . He developed this keyboard software , first for tablets and smartphones , and now for smartwatches . The company has over 200 patents filed globally . Benjamin realized the simple keyboard interface Snapkeys developed is perfect for the small screen of a smartwatch , but it started as a keyboard for Android smartphones . Snapkey Zones was released in the Google Play Store last year as a beta , with tens of thousands getting to try this new kind of keyboard . Benjamin took the feedback from that trial period to help improve the keyboard . Which then aided in the creation of the smartwatch version . ( This trial version has been removed from Google Play since then . ) And that was n't the first time Benjamin tested a new kind of keyboard . In 2011 , the company had a different Snapkeys keyboard for Android out in beta . This one was colorful , a transparent overlay on top of existing apps . It had only four keys with three letters each , arranged for maximum accuracy by the algorithms . This keyboard was hard to learn so the company simplified it , arranging the letters on the four keys according to their shape : one for letters containing circles ( BDOPQR ) , one for letters sitting on one leg ( FIJTVY ) , another for sitting on two legs ( AHKMNWX ) , and the last for those with a flat bottom ( CEGLSUZ ) .
advertisement
Though Snapkeys felt it had come up with the most logical solution , further user testing led to a shift back towards the familiar . “ There was a school in Florida that wanted our technology . They were teaching it to students at a young age , eight to 10 years old . One day , one of the children came to Ryan and said , ‘ Can you change your interface to QWERTY because I want to send a text . ' Ryan told me this and I said it was time to change . If an eight-year-old comes and knows how QWERTY works , there 's nothing to do . We have to adapt it to QWERTY , ” says Benjamin . Which led them to a year of work adapting the keyboard to a QWERTY layout . The design on the smartphone keyboard was also changed from something colorful to something visually similar to the default Android keyboard . Its method of typing is now as familiar as possible to users . This one and all the previous keyboards were created to serve one purpose : finding a better way to type . Benjamin says , “ We can change the way we interact with the QWERTY keyboard . I do n't think we have to go to all the letters , travel our fingers back and forth , left and right , up and down . It 's too time consuming and cumbersome for small devices . ”
So what 's the best way to make its case for typing on a smartwatch ? Because Android Wear wo n't support the keyboard , TypeTime decided to create its own hardware to show people the tech does bring full text functionality to tiny watches . Originally the company launched the iType on Kickstarter , but after only garnering $ 21,000 of its $ 100,000 goal in the first week , the campaign was cancelled . The company is accepting preorders for the watch itself , which starts at $ 190 . TypeTime 's goal is to license the keyboard to third-party smartwatch makers , and hopes the iType smartwatch can persuade Google to openly support keyboards on Android Wear . It is even developing a version for iPhone , expected to be finished in two months , to foster the popularity of the keyboard .
advertisement
It remains to be seen whether or not iType convinces anyone that typing on a smartwatch is the future . But almost certainly there were once those who scoffed at the idea of using a cell phone to write . And for the more adventurous technophiles out there , iType 's ambitious experiment lies in wait .
`` No Prayer For The Dying '' is just one of many great albums by this band . It 's no different than any other classic IM record . I 'm giving it 4 & 1/2 stars . To compare , and break down every detail of it to the albums that came before or after , is trivial . The bottom line is the end result : did it rock ? Does it have songs that I consider to be some of their best material ? Do I continue to enjoy listening to it , over a long period of time ? Does it sound like classic Iron Maiden ? A big YES to all these simple questions .
If you look at most of some 200 Listmania reviews where fans rank the band 's catalogue , you 'll see `` No Prayer For The Dying '' at the bottom of almost every list . Most fans made too big of a deal out of guitarist Adrian Smith leaving , and Jannick Gers replacing him ... who cares ? You still have Dave Murray in the band , letting loose with some killer solos , and Janick does just fine . Truth is , as famous as they are , I do n't listen to this band for the guitar solos , it 's all about the songs . Mr. Gers is good enough to get by , and that 's `` close enough for rock and roll '' . Another thing , fans make a big deal of Dickinson 's vocals on this album , to my ears , he sounds great , and not any different from their other albums ... but hey-that 's just me . Again , this album rocks . Also , who could argue with Martin Birch as the producer ? While being a little rawer , a familiar , yet classic Iron Maiden sound is evident on this album . Good riffs , tight , concise arrangements , and there 's an economy of song craft here , nothing is epic , overblown , or drawn out . The style is a little different than the 2 or 3 previous Maiden records , being not as progressive , rather it 's more of a return to `` classic '' , early days Iron Maiden , consise and more direct , and that 's why this album is effective . Favorite songs are , `` The Assassin '' , `` Public Enema # 1 '' , `` Tailgunner '' , `` Run Silent , Run Deep '' , and the brilliant title track . `` Holy Smoke '' is a great rocker with awesome lyrics . Oddly enough , the only `` least favorite '' for me , is the single `` Bring Your Daughter ... '' , which is the most well known track on this record . So in closing , I 'll say this- before you discard this underrated gem from 1990 , give it a good , loud listen . Rock out , and forget about how it compares to any other Iron Maiden cd . Keep it simple .
Malaysia 's health minister has said Kim Jong-nam died within '15 to 20 minutes ' after he was poisoned with toxic chemicals .
The half brother of the North Korean ruler , Kim Jong-un , died at Kuala Lumpur 's airport on February 13 after his face was splashed with banned chemical weapon VX .
Now Subramaniam Sathasivam has said the dose of VX given to Kim was so high that it 'would have affected his heart , it would have affected his lungs , it would have affected everything . '
Scroll down for video
Kim Jong-nam died on February 13 and now police say a nerve agent was found on his face
A video was posted on YouTube appearing to show the women approaching Kim Jong Nam and spraying the substance in his face
Doan Thi Huong , who is accused of murdering him , was captured walking through the airport on CCTV
Only 10 milligrams of VX is required to be lethal , but Mr Sathasivam added he believed the dosage given to Kim was 'more than that ' .
Two female suspects in their mid to late 20s , a Vietnamese escort , Doan Thi Huong , and an Indonesian massage parlour worker , Siti Aishah , are being interrogated by Malaysian police .
The women have claimed they thought they had been recruited to play a part in a jokey TV show where members of the public would have a liquid sprayed in their faces .
Aishah said she believed the liquid was just baby oil and she had been paid £72 to take part in the 'prank ' .
Indonesia 's deputy ambassador to Malaysia , Andreano Erwin , told reporters yesterday : 'She did n't know it was poison . That is the answer from her .
She previously worked as an escort , taking wealthy men around town . She has claimed she thought she was taking park in a gameshow
She had a Facebook account under the name Ruby Ruby and posted pictures of herself wearing a revealing red swimsuit
Malaysian police said the two women allegedly involved in the assassination - Siti Aishah ( left ) and Huong ( right ) - knew the poisoning was n't a 'TV prank '
Shocking pictures show Kim Jong-nam slumped in a chair having been poisoned
'She only said in general that somebody had asked her to do it and she did n't know what would happen next .
'She mentioned some names but I did not recognise them . The names were very general…James , Jang , that 's it . '
Earlier today , Malaysian Police completed a sweep of the airport terminal where Kim had died .
The sweep involved officers from the police 's chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear teams , as well as the fire department 's hazardous materials unit and the government 's atomic energy board .
Senior police official Abdul Samah Mat confirmed they found no trace of the nerve agent and declared it a 'safe zone ' .
More than a dozen officers in protective gear conducted the two-hour sweep early Sunday .
Scores of members of the hazmat ( hazardous materials ) team were seen conducting checks at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport
The crews were gathered at the main hall of airport in Sepang , Malaysia , last night to start their search
Where the deadly chemical came from - whether it was brought into the country by a North Korean agent or was produced locally - was still being investigated
- Advertisement -
The pride and joy of Marvel Comics , Brian Michael Bendis , has seen better days . He 's one of the most celebrated comic book writers of the last 20 years , but not everything can be gold . Bendis has been writing Guardians since 2013 , his tenure now comes to a close in 2017 . This messy Guardians Of The Galaxy run ends with another mess .
Star-Lord and his galaxy-guarding crew has been “ grounded ” since Civil War II , where their ship was destroyed . Thanos collaborates with his fellow cosmic villains and decides to invade Earth . Every hero on Earth is apparently busy , other than the Guardians . They defeat Thanos , Rocket puts a ship together , they finally get back to space .
The story here is boring and misguided , trying to get to the end as fast as possible . It 's full of half-hearted tying of loose ends and farewells that have no impact . The only purpose it serves is getting the core together and getting them back into space .
- Advertisement -
There are a total of eight artists on this one issue for some reason . Some of the pages are beautiful , including the best that “ Space Venom ” has ever looked . Other pages are as dull and uninspired as the story they 're telling .
One of the problems with Bendis ' Guardians is that instead of putting the team in cosmic situations and stories , he continuously forced Earth heroes into cosmic stories . It started with Iron Man in the very first arc Bendis wrote . From there the team included the likes of Kitty Pryde , Venom , The Thing , and Angela .
In the classic run by Abnett & Lanning , the lineup constantly evolved , but not until after the core was well established . It 's not that Bendis included non-cosmic heroes , it 's that the cosmic element took a back seat . The relationships between the core members were never fleshed out before they started crossing over with Iron Man and the X-Men . What readers will remember the most about these four years are “ Space Venom ” and that Kitty was engaged to Peter Quill ( not a positive memory ) .
The best thing about this issue is that when it 's over , the core members of the team are leaving Earth behind . They 're also shedding the honorary members for good . I understand that without the Richards family , The Thing and Human Torch have to find something to do . It just did n't work out the way Marvel wanted it to .
Brian Michael Bendis ' run was n't all bad , it got off to an okay start even with Iron Man being forced in there . It progressively got worse and worse , the biggest reason not even being his fault . After the success of the Guardians Of The Galaxy film , Marvel clearly wanted the tone and look of the comics to mirror the movie .
The characterizations for the entire team got farther and farther away from the Abnett versions the longer the series went on . Star-Lord especially has been almost completely morphed following the movie 's success . Every relaunch was another creative filter Marvel ran Star-Lord through , resulting in an annoyingly bored version of the one played by Chris Pratt .
Perhaps the issues with Bendis ' Guardians Of The Galaxy run are n't even his fault . Marvel could have been limiting him from the start and pushing their MCU agenda into his ideas . Even so , halfway through his four years on the title , Bendis was clearly less interested and focused on the title and decided to eventually walk away .
Guardians Of The Galaxy # 19 is a perfectly misguided ending to a messy run of comic book stories . There 's nothing carrying any weight , or worthy of note , outside of the team leaving Earth . Readers , along with these heroes , can finally move on .
If the taste left in readers ' mouths is n't too overwhelming , we do have a new series to look forward to . Hopefully this will be the return to form for our beloved cosmic heroes we deserve .
What do you think of Bendis ' time on GOTG ? Will you be reading the new series ? Let us know in the comments below !
An historian has unearthed the first unseen Sherlock Holmes story in more than 80 years that Sir Arthur Conan Doyle wrote to help save a town bridge .
Walter Elliot , 80 , found the 1,300-word tale starring the famous detective in a collection of short stories written for a local bazaar .
The wooden bridge in the Scottish town of Selkirk was destroyed by the great flood of 1902 and locals organised a three-day event to raise funds for a new one in 1904 .
As part of the event , organisers sold a collection of short stories by locals called The Book o ' the Brig .
The famed author , who loved visiting Selkirk and the surrounding area , contributed a tale before opening the final day .
The book is now on display at the Selkirk Pop Up Community Museum ( SWNS )
Mr Elliot has now unearthed a copy of the book and spotted his story `` Sherlock Holmes : Discovering the Border Burghs and , by deduction , the Brig Bazaar '' .
He was given the 48-page pamphlet more than 50 years ago by a friend , but forgot about it until recently when he looked in the attic .
Mr Elliot was prompted to dig out the rare papers - tired together with string - and put it on display as part of an upcoming local pop-up museum .
It is believed the story - about Holmes deducing Watson is going on a trip to Selkirk - is the first unseen Holmes story by Doyle since the last was published over 80 years ago .
Mr Elliot , a great-grandfather , said : `` In Selkirk , there was a wooden bridge that was put up some time before it was flooded in 1902 .
`` The town did n't have the money to replace it so they decided to have a bazaar to replace the bridge in 1904 . They had various people to come and do things and just about everyone in the town did something .
Bannerfield 's bridge in Selkirk which features in 'The Book o ' the Brig ' ( SWNS )
`` The local MPs and landowners and everyone in two days I think took in £560 , which was quite some sum then .
`` The Saturday was opened by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . He had written a wee story about Sherlock Holmes and Watson and this was in the book .
`` I ca n't remember how much they raised but they wanted it to be a carriage bridge but they did n't get quite enough for that , but they built an iron bridge and it 's still there today .
`` He really must have thought enough of the town to come down and take part and contribute a story to the book . It 's a great little story . ''
The book - around ten inches long and three inches wide , with a soft brown paper cover - contained stories from local people as well as the famous author .
`` I have no idea how many they made and sold , '' said Mr Elliot . `` I 've had this book for about 40 or 50 years . I must have got it from a friend because I ca n't remember buying it from anyone .
`` Usually people would throw out these books or sell them off . It has been in my family for quite a while now .
`` I have no idea if it has ever been published - I 've never seen it . I 've always been interested in history and my family has always passed on stories and I suppose this was one of the stories that was passed down . ''
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , the author of Sherlock Holmes
It was not the last time Conan Doyle visited the town - he returned a few months later with a cricket team to play Selkirk .
In 1905 , he gifted a now-lost Border league football trophy , called the Conan Doyle Cup , last won by Kelso in 1937-38 .
A year later , Conan Doyle stood as a Unionist candidate for Westminster in the nearby Hawick Burghs constituency .
The booklet will be on show at the Cross Keys Selkirk Pop-up Community Museum from Saturday , along with Mr Elliot 's painting of the replaced bridge .
The Cassini spacecraft is about to begin its great cosmic swan dive .
On Saturday morning , the spacecraft , which has been circling Saturn and its environs for the last 13 years , will skim over the hazes of Titan , the ringed planet 's biggest moon . Like a heavy hand , Titan 's gravity will reach out and pull Cassini onto a new path , downward into the narrow gap between Saturn and its innermost ring , where no human artifact has ever gone .
Cassini will penetrate that formerly inviolate space not once but 22 times , about once a week until Sept. 15 , when it will crash into Saturn and be incinerated . This summer then is the last hurrah of sorts for Cassini and the team that has guided it all these years .
Two years ago , Carolyn Porco , the longtime leader of Cassini 's imaging team , teared up during an on-camera interview about the mission , an example of what humans working together could do . “ It was glorious , just glorious , ” she said .
She and many of her colleagues cut their teeth on the Voyager missions , which toured the worlds of the outer solar system during the 1980s and '90s and are still out there dancing on the magnetic winds that guard the passage to interplanetary space . It was a generation steeped in “ Star Trek , ” “ 2001 : A Space Odyssey ” and optimism . Dr. Porco even labeled her online reports a captain 's log .
Rejected by Vietnam , Thailand and Hong Kong ... now pop pervert Glitter finally agrees to return to Britain
Paedophile Gary Glitter has agreed to fly back to Britain after two days in international limbo as he was refused entry to Hong Kong and Thailand , according to Thai police .
Officers said the disgraced former pop star has finally agreed to board a flight back to London despite his attempts to avoid returning to his home country .
The paedophile and former pop star has agreed to return to Britain after being caught in a sting that resulted in him being served deportation papers in Hong Kong .
Thai police want him on the first available direct flight back to London . A space is being held for him on flight TG 901 , which departs at 1.10am local time and lands at Heathrow Terminal 3 at 6am tomorrow .
Reluctant : Gary Glitter flying back to Thailand today . Police there say the convicted paedophile has now agreed to take a flight back to Britain
The deal came after it emerged that Glitter had appealed to the Foreign Office to help him out of his travel deadlock .
But an airport source said he had fallen into a trap by boarding the plane to Hong Kong :
`` Gary Glitter was allowed to fly to Hong Kong . It was a trap and he fell for it . He was given the deportation papers as soon as he touched down .
'They can now legally make him get on that plane back to the UK , or put him in a detention centre .
'Thai immigration police colluded with Hong Kong to make this happen as neither country wants him . Consular officials are speaking to him . ''
A spokesman said : 'It 's our understanding that he 's arrived in Bangkok . He will either try to go somewhere else or come back to the UK . '
Some 19 countries had refused the convicted paedophile entry and Thai officials had threatened to put him in a detention centre if he refused to leave for Britain .
The 64-year-old , travelling under his real name Paul Gadd , was said to be trying to book flights to Sri Lanka and Singapore this morning before accepting his fate .
With an estimated £5 million fortune , there were fears that he could bribe his way into a country and resume his pursuit of children .
The former singer appeared totally determined to avoid returning to the one country he will certainly be allowed into - Britain .
He was released from prison in Vietnam on Tuesday after serving a three-year jail term for abusing girls aged 11 and 12 .
From there he was deported to Thailand , supposedly to board a flight from Bangkok back to Britain but on arrival , he refused to budge .
Last night it was suggested that an announcement by Home Secretary Jacqui Smith on restricting travel by paedophiles was behind this decision .
The sleeping creep : Glitter snoozes on a Thai Ariways flight to Hong Kong yesterday
After a farcical 20-hour standoff with immigration officials , he eventually took a Thai Airlines flight to Hong Kong .
Glitter had rebuffed all attempts to coax him aboard two London flights from Bangkok , and the Thais had made it clear he was not welcome to stay in their country , declaring him a 'threat to domestic morality ' .
During the confrontation , he was overheard saying : ' I 've been in jail three years . Now I want to do some shopping in Hong Kong . '
Once aboard Thai Airlines Flight TG602 to Hong Kong and settled into his business class seat , Glitter began issuing instructions to cabin staff , telling them : ' I am quite famous and hard of hearing . Please can you arrange for an escort for me at the other end ? '
He used an on-board phone to call a friend in Hong Kong , asking him to book accommodation in Wanchai - the city 's lively night club area . 'Just leave any message with Thai airways ground staff . They will know how to contact me , ' he said .
The only reporter on the plane , Andrew Drummond , who was in the seat behind him , asked Glitter his plans and was told : ' I am travelling to Hong Kong for medical treatment . '
Stop right there : Gary Glitter arrives at Hong Kong airport where he is greeted by immigration officials
Drummond said : 'On landing , Glitter left the plane after being met by Cathay Pacific staff and an immigration official .
'He smiled as he was fast-tracked through the Diplomats and Airline Staff immigration point , but once out of sight the smile must have been wiped off his face . '
At least 19 countries have said they will refuse him entry .
Meanwhile , the Home Office denied reports it had blundered by issuing him a new passport last year , allowing him to roam the world .
A spokesman insisted his passport - number 761028553 - was in fact issued in 2002 , four years before he was jailed in Vietnam .
The spokesman said : 'There was no blunder . We do not enforce the return of sex offenders , and he was entitled to a passport . '
While Glitter , 64 , was doing his utmost to avoid the UK , Home Secretary Miss Smith seemed determined to bring him home and keep him here .
She was accused at Westminster of trying to manage the news by waiting for a 'celebrity pervert ' to promote her tough measures to curtail paedophiles ' rights to travel .
In fact , there were suspicions Miss Smith had actually triggered the Glitter farce by panicking him into refusing to board the flight to Britain .
Please let me in : Glitter tries to persuade Chinese officials to let him into Hong Kong
While at Bangkok , he watched the BBC which was broadcasting that paedophiles would never be allowed to travel again .
Shadow Home Secretary Dominic Grieve , said : 'Government policy timetable should not be dictated by the movements of a serial sex offender with a media profile .
'This would be the crudest form of news management in an extremely sensitive area . '
Embarrassment : Home Secretary Jacqui Smith
Miss Smith admitted that she had found it ' embarrassing ' that Glitter had not come home but said : 'No paedophile is a celebrity , every paedophile needs to be controlled . '
The former star , who in his 1970s heyday sold 18million records and has a personal fortune of £5million , told reporters he was planning to write a book to 'prove ' his innocence .
He said : ' I should never have been in there . I was set up . '
Glitter has also spoken excitedly about a reunion with his family . However , those sentiments are not shared by his only son who has tried to cut all ties with him .
Paul Gadd , who is 44 and shares Glitter 's real name , even denies that the former singer is his father .
The Mail tracked him down to a remote farmhouse on the outskirts of a Devon village this week . He has now taken a boating holiday with his partner and two children .
Mr Gadd , speaking on his mobile phone and asked about his father 's return , denied they were even related - despite documentary evidence to the contrary .
He said : 'My father does not even have a passport . He has never left the UK . You have the wrong guy . '
All smiles : Gary Glitter at Bangkok Airport yesterday
Asked if he had disowned Glitter , he said : 'He 's not my father . '
A neighbour said : 'It 's no secret in the village who Paul Gadd is . But he is a nice bloke and we all respect that whatever his father may have done is no reflection on him . '
Mr Gadd is Glitter 's oldest child . He was born a year after Glitter married Ann Murton in July 1963 . In 1966 a daughter , Sarah , followed . The marriage lasted only another four years .
CLOSE Hillary Clinton was thought to have had a double digit lead over Bernie Sanders heading into the Michigan primary . VPC
Pistons coach remembers Sanders from when he was a small-town mayor in Vermont
Burlington , Vt. , Mayor Bernie Sanders , on Sept. 11 , 1981 . ( Photo : Donna Light Associated Press )
DALLAS -- As an assistant coach at the University of Vermont in the early 1980s , Stan Van Gundy was very much aware of the city 's 39-year-old mayor , whose son was an active participant in the Catamounts ' summer basketball camps .
That mayor of Burlington was Bernie Sanders , who 's now a contender for the presidency .
“ I did n't know him , but I knew who he was , ” the Detroit Pistons ' coach and president said Wednesday at American Airlines Center . “ He would n't remember me now , but obviously , I remember him . He was around a lot . A big basketball fan . ''
Van Gundy made his comments the day after Sanders upset Hillary Clinton in Michigan 's Democratic Party primary .
Van Gundy was an assistant at Vermont in 1981-83 . He said that Sanders was a regular at games .
On Wednesday , Van Gundy wondered aloud about looking up Sanders ' son , Levi .
Maybe Van Gundy could angle for a cabinet post if Sanders beats the odds and wins the election in November .
Opponents hate Hack-A-Dre : After yet another game that saw Pistons center Andre Drummond sent to the free throw line by an opposing coach trying to take advantage of his poor foul shooting , he was asked what opposing players tell him during games .
“ They all say it : They do n't want to do this ( expletive ) , ” Drummond said after the Pistons ' 102-96 victory over the Dallas Mavericks . “ It makes the game boring . But it is what it is . Everybody wants to come up with their different schemes to stop our team when we 've got it going . ”
Drummond was dominant with 25 points and 17 rebounds Wednesday but struggled through a 5-for-14 night at the line . On the four second-quarter instances Mavericks coach Rick Carlisle used the strategy , Drummond went 4-for-8 on free throws .
The approach has become so prevalent that NBA commissioner Adam Silver has said the league will examine the issue in the off-season .
`` Coming from me , I really do n't care , ” Drummond said . “ I mean , I do n't mind shooting the free throws . It 's something I work on all the time . Like I tell you guys all the time , it 's a process for me . ”
Contact Vince Ellis at vellis @ freepress.com . Follow him on Twitter @ vincent_ellis56 .
Last night out of the blue , we received an email from AMD , sharing some of the specifications for the forthcoming Ryzen Threadripper CPUs to be announced today . Up until this point , we knew a few things – Threadripper would consist of two Zeppelins dies featuring AMD 's latest Zen core and microarchitecture , and would essentially double up on the HEDT Ryzen launch . Double dies means double pretty much everything : Threadripper would support up to 16 cores , up to 32 MB of L3 cache , quad-channel memory support , and would require a new socket/motherboard platform called X399 , sporting a massive socket with 4094-pins ( and also marking an LGA socket for AMD ) . By virtue of being sixteen cores , AMD is seemingly carving a new consumer category above HEDT/High-End Desktop , which we 've coined the ‘ Super High-End Desktop ' , or SHED for short .
Today 's announcements , accompanied by a video from the CEO of AMD Dr. Lisa Su , shed some light on the new SHED processors : namely clock speeds and pricing , and a reaffirmed commitment to launching the new CPUs in August .
AMD Ryzen CPUs Threadripper
1950X Threadripper
1920X Ryzen 7
1800X Socket TR4 ( LGA )
4094-pin AM4 ( PGA )
1331-pin Cores/Threads 16 / 32 12 / 24 8 / 16 Base Frequency 3.4 GHz 3.5 GHz 3.6 GHz Turbo Frequency 4.0 GHz 4.0 GHz 4.0 GHz XFR ? ( +100 ? ) ? ( +100 ? ) +100 MHz L3 Cache 32 MB 32 MB ? 16 MB TDP 180W * 180W * 95 W PCIe 3.0 Lanes 60 + 4 60 + 4 16 + 4 + 4 DRAM Frequency 1DPC ? ? DDR4-2666 2DPC ? ? DDR4-2400 Chipset Support X399 X399 X370
B350
A320 Price ( List ) $ 999 $ 799 $ 499 Price ( Retail ) TBD TBD $ 419
As you can see from the table , there are lots of question marks . We fired off a series of questions to AMD to fill in the blanks , so we can understand this product a bit better , but we were told to wait until closer to launch day . The only answer we could get was the styling on the naming . These are ‘ Threadripper ' processors ( rather than ThreadRipper ) , and are part of the Ryzen family , and the official SKU names are ‘ Ryzen Threadripper 1950X ' and ‘ Ryzen Threadripper 1920X ' . We are likely to shorten these to ‘ TR 1950X ' and ‘ TR 1920X ' for expediency .
* 180W was confirmed after this article was originally posted .
The AMD Ryzen Threadripper 1950X
From what we do know , 16 Zen cores at $ 999 is about the ballpark price we were expecting . With the clock speeds of 3.4 GHz base and 4 GHz Turbo , this is essentially two Ryzen 7 1800X dies at $ 499 each stuck together , creating the $ 999 price ( obviously it 's more complicated than this ) . Given the frequencies and the performance of these dies , the TDP is likely in the 180W range ; seeing as how the Ryzen 7 1800X was a 95W CPU with slightly higher frequencies . The 1950X runs at 4.0 GHz turbo and also has access to AMD 's XFR – which will boost the processor when temperature and power allows – in jumps of +25 MHz : AMD would not comment on the maximum frequency boost of XFR , though given our experiences of the Ryzen silicon and previous Ryzen processor specifications , this is likely to be +100 MHz . We were not told if the CPUs would come with a bundled CPU cooler , although if our 180W prediction is in the right area , then substantial cooling would be needed . We expect AMD to use the same Indium-Tin solder as the Ryzen CPUs , although we were unable to get confirmation at this time .
Comparison : Threadripper 1950X vs Core i9-7980XE / Gold 6150 AMD
Threadripper 1950X Features Intel
Core i9-7980XE Intel
Xeon Gold 6150 16 / 32 Cores/Threads 18 / 36 18 / 36 3.4 / 4.0 GHz Base/Turbo ? 2.7 / 3.7 GHz 60 PCIe 3.0 Lanes 44 44 512 KB/core L2 Cache 1 MB/core 1 MB/core 32 MB L3 Cache 24.75 MB 24.75 MB 180W * TDP ? ( 165W ? ) 165W $ 999 Price ( List ) $ 1999 $ 3358
Intel has already announced that they will be launching the 18-core Intel Core i9-7980XE processor later this year for $ 1999 , although final specifications have yet to be announced . Given the launch this week of Intel 's Skylake-SP Xeon processors , there is one CPU in that line-up that would fit the bill for an i9-7980XE candidate : the Xeon Gold 6150 , running at a 2.7 GHz Base and 3.7 GHz Turbo at 165W , but this part has a list price of $ 3358 . If the Gold 6150 becomes with Core i9-7980XE , then the new SHED category of CPUs will be an exciting one to watch .
Comparing the two , and what we know , AMD is going to battle on many fronts . Coming in at $ 999 is going to be aggressive , along with an all-core turbo at 3.4 GHz or above : Intel 's chip at $ 1999 will likely turbo below this . Both chips will have quad-channel DRAM , supporting DDR4-2666 in 1 DIMM per channel mode ( and DDR4-2400 in 2 DPC ) , but there are some tradeoffs . Intel Core parts do not support ECC , and AMD Threadripper parts are expected to ( awaiting confirmation ) . Intel has the better microarchitecture in terms of pure IPC , though it will be interesting to see the real-world difference if AMD is clocked higher . AMD Threadripper processors will have access to 60 lanes of PCIe for accelerators , such as GPUs , RAID cards and other functions , with another 4 reserved by the chipset : Intel will likely be limited to 44 for accelerators but have a much better chipset in the X299 for IO support and capabilities . We suspect AMD to run a 180W TDP , and Intel at 165W , giving a slight advantage to Intel perhaps ( depending on workload ) , and Intel will also offer AVX512 support for its CPU whereas AMD has smaller FMA and AVX engines by comparison . The die-to-die latency of AMD 's MCM will also be an interesting element to the story , depending on exactly where AMD is aiming this product .
Meanwhile we have seen some of the X399 early-version motherboards back at Computex last month . With 60 PCIe lanes on each Threadripper CPU for accelerators , we are likely to see 32 or 48 used for PCIe slots ( in x16/x16 , x8/x8/x8/x8 , x16/x16/x8/x8 or similar configurations ) with up to three PCIe 3.0 x4 storage options . On the ASRock board above , there are two PCIe 3.0 x4 M.2 slots as well as a PCIe 3.0 x4 based U.2 connector for drives like Intel 's SSD 750 . Because these are aiming for the SHED market , features such as 10 Gigabit Ethernet ports from Aquantia are likely to feature on a number of boards as well .
The AMD Ryzen Threadripper 1920X
The 12-core Threadripper 1920X is likely positioned directly against Intel 's 10-core Core i9-7900X or Core i7-7820X , which are both available today .
Comparison : Threadripper 1920X vs Core i7-7820X / i9-7900X AMD
Threadripper 1920X Features Intel
Core i7-7820X Intel
Core i9-7900X 12 / 24 Cores/Threads 8 / 16 10 / 20 3.5 / 4.0 GHz Base/Turbo 3.6 / 4.5 GHz 3.3 / 4.5 GHz 60 PCIe 3.0 Lanes 28 44 512 KB/core L2 Cache 1 MB/core 1 MB/core 32 MB ? L3 Cache 8.25 MB 11 MB 180W * TDP 140W 140W $ 799 Price ( List ) $ 599 $ 999
The 12-core part should use 3 cores per CCX if trends of Ryzen CPUs are followed , and should have access to all 64 MB of L3 cache ( we are waiting for this to be confirmed ) . At $ 799 , it falls half-way between the 7900X at $ 999 and the 7820X at $ 599 , but beats them both in pure core count . The 1920X has all the 60+4 PCIe lanes that the 1950X does , while Intel 's chips have 44 and 28 respectively . Again , Intel does have access to AVX512 , but only the 7900X has dual 512-bit FMA engines while the 7820X has one ( and the 1920X has 128-bit FMAs ) . The 1920X will also take the new socket .
In a series of tests AMD performed , to accompany the launch , they ran Cinebench R15 and got the following scores :
AMD 's Cinebench Results Cores/
Threads Base/
Turbo List CB15
Score AMD Threadripper 1950X 16C/32T 3.4/4.0 $ 999 3062 AMD Threadripper 1920X 12C/24T 3.5/4.0 $ 799 2431 Intel Core i9-7900X 10C/20T 3.3/4.3 $ 999 2167
Test Setups from AMD can be found here .
AMD is set to provide some interesting competition in the HEDT and SHED spaces , and we fully suspect AMD to go after the more traditional floating point crowd for these new processors . We will probably see some talk about gaming performance as well , just because of the draw of the news . We 've still got a number of questions for AMD :
Will the ThreadRipper family have more than two parts in the future ?
Do both 16-core and 12-core parts have access to all 32MB of L3 cache ?
Can you reconfirm the 12-core part is using 3 cores per CCX ?
Is the Infinity Fabric bandwidth between the two dies the same as in EPYC ( 42 GB/s bidirectional ) ?
This corresponds to an Infinity Fabric data rate of 10.4 GT/s ? Or is it declocked to 9.6 GT/s or 8.0 GT/s ?
What is the official memory support for the TR CPUs ? DDR4-2666 ?
Is that at 2 DIMMs per channel or 1 DIMM per channel ?
Is that at 2 DIMMs per channel or 1 DIMM per channel ? What are the TDP numbers for both TR processors ? ( Edit : AMD 's System Setups confirm 180W )
Do they come with any pre-bundled coolers ? If not , what coolers will AMD recommend ?
Are those prices 1k unit prices or MSRPs ? If the former , what are the MSRPs ?
Can you confirm if XFR for these CPUs is +100 MHz ?
What are the largest DDR4 memory modules that TR supports ? ( e.g . 16GB UDIMM or up to 32/64/128GB RDIMM/LRDIMM ? )
Did AMD give the motherboard manufacturers any ball-park figures for motherboard pricing to aim for ? At what pricing should we expect the entry/mid-range motherboards to appear at ?
What markets are AMD targeting with the ThreadRipper launch ?
Will both CPUs be available worldwide on the same day , or will there be a staggered regional launch ?
Can you confirm that ThreadRipper is using an Indium-Tin solder between the die and the heatspreader ?
For the 64 PCIe lanes ( 60+4 ) , are there any limitations on any of the PCIe root complexes ?
If 3.4G/3.5G are the base frequencies , what are the all-core turbo frequencies ?
How many cores will TR sustain for the top turbo frequency ? ( e.g . 2 cores at 4 GHz , or 4 cores at 4 GHz ? )
Some of our readers might argue that some of these answers have been exposed in leaks – from our perspective , getting confirmation from AMD ( even on the minor points ) is critical here . We 're going to have to wait until nearer the launch to get the answers to these questions . AMD have reaffirmed they are aiming for an early August launch , with more info at SIGGRAPH in a couple of weeks .
Dell 's Area 51 Threadripper
A side note : Dell 's Area 51 Threadripper desktop will be available for pre-order on July 27th – it would appear that Dell has an OEM launch day exclusive at this time , so we might see some more details then . The Area 51 will ship after the 27th ; that is just the pre-order date .
Alienware Area-51 Threadripper Edition Processor AMD Ryzen Threadripper ( Up to 16C/32T ) Memory Up To 64 GB 2933 MHz DDR4 ( 4x DIMM ) Graphics Up to 2 x Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti in SLI or
Up to 3 x AMD Radeon RX 580 in Crossfire Storage HDD : Up to 2TB
SSD ( M.2 PCIe ) : Up to 1TB Wireless Dell 1820 802.11ac 2x2 or
Killer 1535 802.11ac 2x2 Wi-Fi Front 2x USB 3.1 Gen 1 Type-A
Optical Drive
Headphone Jack
Microphone Jack
Media Card Reader Rear 10 USB ports ( unspecified form-factors )
Includes 1 USB Type-C ( w/ 15W Powershare )
Dual Killer Networks E2500 Gigabit NICs
SPDIF Port
5 1/8 '' Audio Jacks Dimensions 569 x 638 x 272 mm Weight Starting at 28kg Pricing TBA
There 's Some Ryzen 3 Too
Alongside the Threadripper news , AMD gave some small hints about Ryzen 3 as well . Ryzen 3 is the quad-core versions of Ryzen using the same silicon as Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 7 , but with cores disabled and selling at lower price points . We got a sneaky peak at some of the Ryzen 3 specifications when a different AMD department announced the equivalent Ryzen 3 PRO processors , but AMD gave us the following to chew on :
AMD Ryzen SKUs Cores/
Threads Base/
Turbo XFR L3 TDP Cost Cooler Ryzen 7 1800X 8/16 3.6/4.0 +100 16 MB 95 W $ 499 - Ryzen 7 1700X 8/16 3.4/3.8 +100 16 MB 95 W $ 399 - Ryzen 7 1700 8/16 3.0/3.7 +50 16 MB 65 W $ 329 Spire
RGB Ryzen 5 1600X 6/12 3.6/4.0 +100 16 MB 95 W $ 249 - Ryzen 5 1600 6/12 3.2/3.6 +100 16 MB 65 W $ 219 Spire Ryzen 5 1500X 4/8 3.5/3.7 +200 16 MB 65 W $ 189 Spire Ryzen 5 1400 4/8 3.2/3.4 +50 8 MB 65 W $ 169 Stealth Ryzen 3 1300X 4/4 3.5/3.7 ? 8 MB ? ? ? ? Ryzen 3 1200 4/4 3.1/3.4 ? 8 MB ? ? ?
When we got our information from AMD , prices were still being decided , but the official launch day will be July 27th . One only one of the CPUs uses the full XFR , and AMD did n't provide TDP numbers but we suspect they will be listed as 65W parts . AMD did not comment if these CPUs would have coolers bundled with them or not . Again , we 'll have to wait until closer to launch day/on launch day for this information .
For users keen on Bristol Ridge information , I am still poking AMD . I 'm still being told that it will be launched into the retail channel for consumers , but not at this time .
Threadripper 2
The future ....
Perhaps not - just a clever Photoshop . Source : Reddit
Related Reading
Update 2017-07-13 22:35 UK
So it looks like we can confirm that Threadripper will support up to 1TB of DRAM . This was actually confirmed back last month by Robert Hallock at E3 , when discussing the Dell Area-51 Alienware . Video should start at 1m42 :
In order to put 1TB of DRAM in the system , users will have to populate each of the eight slots with 128GB LRDIMM modules . These are 'relatively rare ' - Crucial 's 128GB LRDIMMs should be coming out in Q3 , and will cost north of $ 2000 each , or we can find no-name brand modules for $ 4000+ today .
As I navigate through the winding streets of Canberra , taking in the beautiful mountains and cityscape , I ca n't help but be amused by the very rare billboard seeking my attention .
It 's usually the amusing ‘ on-premise ' Canturf puns , pitched along the Monaro Highway coming past Fyshwick , which we 've all grown to love , or the giant billboard on the side of Canberra Theatre informing us of upcoming entertainment . Then there 's the cleverly crafted Casino Canberra billboard just outside of Canberra . Apart from these there 's not many more .
I 'm wondering what people think about the lack of billboards in the city here and if we should signpost more of these tastefully created marketing campaigns throughout the city . Northbourne Avenue perhaps ?
We have a uniqueness to our city that we need to protect . I 'm not suggesting that the CBD should look cluttered like Time Square in New York but maybe our city 's town planners could select appropriate sites , without being overly bureaucratic .
Maybe a self regulated approach or a Creative Review Board could be set up to approve imagery to ensure quality control . According to the Outdoor Media Association ( OMA ) as little as 0.26 % of signs are deemed offensive and have complaints lodged about them .
Outside media can be interesting , clever and amusing . These are three attributes that creative agencies should be judged on when proposing their ads for city billboards . This of course will drive most ad agencies crazy because it limits them to having to be creative .
Yes there is an element of road safety we will have to consider . Typically driving is quite undemanding for most . We drive while talking to passengers , looking at the scenery and listening to the radio . However for some , driving a motor vehicle is a complex task that requires the ability to divide attention between numerous competing tasks . Billboards could potentially create a visual fixation and distract us from unexpected changes in road conditions . If only for a second or two .
Would n't it be great if one day we could fill in an afternoon driving around a spectacular city gallery of ingenious billboards ? It would be quite unique . What are your thoughts ?
( Canturf photo courtesy of Dale Moss )
Links :
cell.com/current-biology/ '' target= '' _self '' > Current Biology
Computer programs can predict which of three short films a person is thinking about , just by looking at their brain activity .
The research , conducted by scientists at the Wellcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging at UCL , provides further insight into how our memories are recorded , and is published today in the journal Current Biology .
Professor Eleanor Maguire led this Wellcome Trust-funded study , an extension of work published last year which showed how spatial memories - in that case , where a volunteer was standing in a virtual reality room - are recorded in regular patterns of activity in the hippocampus , the area of the brain responsible for learning and memory .
`` In our previous experiment , we were looking at basic memories , at someone 's location in an environment , '' said Professor Maguire . `` What is more interesting is to look at 'episodic ' memories - the complex , everyday memories that include much more information on where we are , what we are doing and how we feel . ''
To explore how such memories are recorded , the researchers showed ten volunteers three short films and asked them to memorise what they saw . The films were very simple , sharing a number of similar features - all included a woman carrying out an everyday task in a typical urban street , and each film was the same length , seven seconds long .
The volunteers were then asked to recall each of the films in turn whilst inside an fMRI scanner , which records brain activity by measuring changes in blood flow within the brain .
A computer algorithm then studied the patterns and had to identify which film the volunteer was recalling purely by looking at the pattern of their brain activity .
`` The algorithm was able to predict correctly which of the three films the volunteer was recalling significantly above what would be expected by chance , '' explained Martin Chadwick , lead author of the study . `` This suggests that our memories are recorded in a regular pattern . ''
Click on the films below to see the three short clips memorised by the volunteers .
Although a whole network of brain areas support memory , the researchers focused their study on the medial temporal lobe , an area deep within the brain believed to be most heavily involved in episodic memory . It includes the hippocampus - an area which Professor Maguire and colleagues have studied extensively in the past .
They found that the key areas involved in recording the memories were the hippocampus and its immediate neighbours . However , the computer algorithm performed best when analysing activity in the hippocampus itself , suggesting that this is the most important region for recording episodic memories . In particular , three areas of the hippocampus - the rear right and the front left and front right areas - seemed to be involved consistently across all participants . The rear right area had been implicated in the earlier study , further enforcing the idea that this is where spatial information is recorded . However , it is still not clear what role the front two regions play .
`` Now that we are developing a clearer picture of how our memories are stored , we hope to examine how they are affected by time , the ageing process and by brain injury , '' said Professor Maguire .
UCL context
The Wellcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging at UCL is an interdisciplinary centre for neuroimaging excellence . It brings together clinicians and scientists who study higher cognitive function using neuroimaging techniques , with the goal of understanding how thought and perception arise from brain activity , and how such processes break down in neurological and psychiatric disease . The centre 's research groups study all aspects of higher cognitive function including vision , memory , language and reasoning , emotion , decision-making and motor control .
Related news
Dopamine enhances expectation of pleasure in humans
UCL neuroscientist is Royal Society 2010 Anniversary Research Professor
The online real estate company ABODO analyzed the tweets from across America from June 2014 to December 2015 , exposing the ugly underbellies of US cities and states .
On the state level , worst off is Louisiana , with “ 1,155 slur-containing tweets out of every 100,000 , indicating that approximately 1 in 87 tweets originating from Louisiana over the studied time period contained at least one of these slurs. ” Wyoming fared the best , where only 120 out of every 100,000 tweets featured a bigot revealing their true colors .
Locally , the news is not positive . In terms of derogatory language used against women Norfolk is in the top–or shall we say bottom–10 , with 1,760 anti-women tweets per 100,000 .
“ It 's pervasive and not something men have to think about , but I do n't know how many women would be surprised by that ranking , ” said Norfolk 's Brittany Shearer . “ Norfolk , while growing and wonderful in so many ways , can be very insular . ”
For those of you unfamiliar with social science norms , examining trends found in social media is an academically-supported research method . Social media and search engine queries have proven to be a gold mine for social trend researchers ; in a field where surveying 1 % of a total population is often considered to be an unfathomably huge number , social media represents one of our best hopes for learning more about how people in our communities actually communicate , think , and act . While this is far from a true academic study that should be used as the basis of governmental policy , there are broad trends illuminated .
Why would Norfolk have such a propensity toward misogynist tweets ? Norfolk 's major cultural institutions are steeped in patriarchy . Starting with Christianity , whose holy text has countless charming directions of sexism , like , “ Wives , submit to you husbands as to the Lord ” ( Ephesians 5:22 ) , “ Let a woman learn quietly with all submissiveness ” ( 1 Timothy 2:11-12 ) , and so many more we could be here all night . Old money Southern culture still has remnants of women-belong-in-pretty-dresses-in-the-kitchen active elements . And then there is the military , where , according to a 2014 MilitaryTimes article , “ nearly 5 percent of all active-duty women said they had experienced at least one incident of unwanted sexual contact in the past year . ”
In the past year alone . The problem is so dire the United Nations is getting involved .
“ Though it 's probably not the most popular opinion , I would argue that the toxic masculinity surrounding military culture contributes to ( Norfolk 's sexism ) , ” said Norfolk 's Jena Garren , who also cited the sexist banners hung at Old Dominion University . “ I know many women do n't feel safe alone at night on the street , for fear or harassment or assault . ”
The patriarchal culture of Norfolk and Hampton Roads can take some new to the area by surprise .
“ Moving to the 757 from New York City was a major culture shock for me , ” said Norfolk 's Christine Marie Rucker . “ In every job except for a couple , I 've experienced exhausting sexism . ”
Sometimes the sexism can be so subtle it is unclear whether the offender even knows they 're being sexist .
“ They do n't ( always ) realize they do it , ” said Norfolk 's Nicole Carry . “ I 've seen a past president in my company walk through the office and say to men – ‘ good morning Sam , good morning Bob , good morning Jack , good morning ladies ' and never call them by name . ”
The most appalling manifestation of sexism is domestic violence , which is far too common in Virginia . From a 2013 statewide report by the attorney general :
It is estimated that , based upon the most recent data available , in 2012 , at least 117 men , women , and children lost their lives to domestic violence , representing a 12.7 % decrease in family and intimate partner homicides from 2011 to 2012 . Also in 2012 , there were more than 67,000 calls to domestic and sexual violence hotlines across the state . A total of 6,592 adults and children received 198,274 nights of emergency or temporary shelter due to domestic violence ; however , 3,486 families requesting shelter services were turned away due to lack of shelter space . A total of 51,019 emergency protective orders were issued by magistrates and judges across the Commonwealth to protect the immediate health and safety of victims and their family members .
How can we , as a community , evolve on this issue ?
“ I think it lands on each one of us to call someone out on their behavior if it 's unacceptable , ” said Norfolk 's Reese Beeler . “ Tell your friends if they do something that makes you uncomfortable . In my younger days I would tell my guy friends not to cat call women or demean women solely based on the fact that they are women . ”
Increased services for women can also be part of a cultural shift .
“ I feel like Norfolk could really do better in terms of access to women 's health : waiting lists and red tape for city services are too long for people without medical access , ” said Garren , an early childhood educator studying sociology and social work at Norfolk State . “ I would like to see mammogram buses and women 's health clinics . I would like to see domestic violence campaigns that addresses how that issue contributes to women feeling unsafe in our city . ”
Ideally , we are moving toward a society where the sex and gender of a person mean less and less .
“ It 's about recognizing that what we want is equality for both our sons and daughters , ” said La Wanza Lett-Brewington , director of ODU 's Women 's Center . “ Teaching from a young age up that respect for equality . ”
Things are no better when Norfolk tweets are analyzed for being anti-black . By that measure Norfolk is the sixth most anti-black city in America , with 54 anti-black tweets per 100,000 .
Facebook Comments
View Caption Hide Caption President-elect Donald Trump speaks to reporters after meeting with Don King , the boxing promoter , at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach , Fla. , Dec. 28 , 2016 . Trump has consistently cast doubt that the Russian government had anything to do with the hacking during the presidential election , saying American intelligence agencies could not be trusted . ( Kevin Hagen/The New York Times )
Update 11:45 a.m. : According to pool reports , Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller is scheduled to meet with incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Trump strategist Steve Bannon but apparently not President-elect Donald Trump . Susan Combs is scheduled to meet with the President-elect or his team at 1 p.m .
Earlier : Two Texans are set to meet with President-elect Donald Trump or his team Friday about possibly joining his cabinet as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture .
Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller announced Wednesday that he will meet with Trump 's transition team to discuss a Cabinet position as secretary of agriculture .
The meeting , scheduled for 1 p.m. Friday at Trump 's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach , Fla. , will include Trump 's choice for White House chief of staff , Reince Priebus , and Trump strategist Steve Bannon , according to Mark Loeffler , spokesman for the Texas Department of Agriculture .
I am honored at the thought of being included on this list . https : //t.co/jHEoqcP747 # MAGA — Sid Miller ( @ MillerForTexas ) November 9 , 2016
Agriculture news site DTN reports that former Texas Agriculture Commissioner Susan Combs is also expected to meet with the Trump team on Friday .
Combs , long involved in Texas politics , most recently as state comptroller , previously met with Vice President-elect Mike Pence about the post .
( Last Updated On : May 25 , 2015 )
THINK ABOUTIT SIGHTING REPORT
Date : September 1968
Sighting Time : 3 am
Day/Night : Night
Location : Dakelia Barracks , Cyprus
Urban or Rural : –
No . of Entity ( ‘ s ) : 1
Entity Type : Apparitional
Entity Description : disembodied head and shoulders of a humanoid being . The being had a glowing orange face and scarlet hair , and was wearing a light blue jumpsuit . It glared at the NCO with prominent unblinking eyes . As it approached the landing , it swivelled its head a full 180 degrees .
Hynek Classification : CE3
Duration :
No . of Object ( s ) :
Height & Speed :
Size of Object ( s ) :
Distance to Object ( s ) :
Shape of Object ( s ) : None seen
Color of Object ( s ) :
Number of Witnesses : 1
Source : Orbis Publishing : Fact or Fantasy , p340 . Alan Baker : Encyclopaedia of Alien Encounters , pp61-62 .
Summary/Description : A soldier encounters a ghostly humanoid .
Full Report
Things that go Hum in the Night
Not all anomalous entities fit neatly into the categories assigned to them ; ghost , alien , demon , etc . Indeed , some seem to purposefully defy our attempts to classify them . One such entity appeared in the unlikely setting of an army base in Cyprus in September 1968 .
The witness was a British NCO stationed at the Dakelia army barracks . At 3am one morning , he was alerted to the presence of an intruder when his wolfhound sat up and began growling .
Fearing terrorists had infiltrated the base , the soldier crept towards the door of his room . An eerie high-pitched humming sound started up outside , and the wolfhound promptly hid under the bed .
The soldier stepped on to the landing outside his room and was confronted by an unearthly apparition . Floating up the stairs towards him were the disembodied head and shoulders of a humanoid being .
The being had a glowing orange face and scarlet hair , and was wearing a light blue jumpsuit . It glared at the NCO with prominent unblinking eyes . As it approached the landing , it swivelled its head a full 180 degrees .
The witness hastily backed into his room and slammed the door . The humming sound intensified to a deafening pitch . It was accompanied by a sliding noise as though the entity was dragging itself across the landing .
The soldier grabbed the only weapon at hand – an underwater spear gun – and fired it straight through the door . The sounds abruptly ceased , but the NCO was too terrified to venture outside again . A patrolling guard discovered him an hour later , still sitting on the edge of his bed paralysed by fear .
Although the witness soon recovered from his ordeal , his wolfhound was a nervous wreck . For the rest of its life , it remained terrified of the slightest sound .
Related articles
Apparently not satisfied with the already obscene amounts of cash and stuff our government takes from Americans each year under the guise of civil asset forfeiture , the DEA hired a TSA agent to rifle through airline passengers ' luggage looking for cash the drug agency could confiscate .
Here 's how the process worked :
An “ investigative summary ” posted this month by the Justice Department 's inspector general criticizes the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) for hiring a federal airport security screener to help find seizable cash in passengers ' luggage . Under the arrangement , the DEA designated the screener a “ confidential source ” and promised him a cut of any money he found while rummaging through people 's bags .
So not only did the TSA agent get paid for facilitating what basically amounts to federal theft , but he was incentivized to find “ suspicious ” money because the more he found , the more he 'd earn . The DEA could not have come up with a more unethical situation if they 'd tried .
The good news is that the DOJ investigators agree , noting that TSA agents are already supposed to report anything illegal they see in the course of their duties , so there was no justification for this arrangement in the first place .
Furthermore , the set-up violated the DEA 's own department rules—not to mention “ individuals ' protection against unreasonable searches and seizures . ”
The bad news is that civil asset forfeiture still happens all the time , even without shady TSA partnerships .
“ This really is what we see every day around the country , ” explained Robert Everett Johnson of the Institute for Justice . “ When law enforcement takes property using civil forfeiture , law enforcement is able to keep that property and use it to fund their budgets and in many cases even to pay the salaries of people who are overseeing the forfeitures . ”
“ That creates an obvious financial incentive to take property from people who have n't done anything or have n't been proven to have done anything wrong , ” he added . “ It creates an incentive for all kinds of abuse . ”
And we 're talking big money . “ Between 2004 and 2009 , Philadelphia collected some $ 36 million via civil forfeiture , ” mainly from young , black men . Long Island police took in $ 31 million in a single year . The State of Virginia seized assets and cash worth more than $ 18 million in 2013 alone . In the same year , Michigan 's civil asset forfeiture profits topped $ 16 million , and the State of Texas took a whopping $ 106 million from its citizens .
In fact , in 2014 federal agents used civil asset forfeiture to confiscate more money and property from Americans than burglars took . ( Seriously . )
So good for the DOJ for shutting down this DEA-TSA corruption . Next , maybe it can shut down every other civil asset forfeiture program , too .
The Reds will send Johnny Cueto to the mound to face the Rays tonight . Last night in Dayton , the Dragons ' starting pitcher might have been confused for Johnny Cueto . His name is Daniel Corcino . Tell me if this sounds familiar : he 's a 5'11 ” right-handed pitcher from the Dominican Republic with a fastball in the mid-90s , a good slider and a good change-up . Pitching for the Dragons at A-ball , Corcino has racked up some impressive numbers – 8-3 , 2.53 ERA , 89 K , 15 BB , 74.2 IP . He 's holding opponents to a .206 batting average . At 20 years old , he could rise through the system quickly . Johnny Cueto made his MLB debut at 22 years old . Let 's see if his clone can do the same .
Reds Roast
Mike Leake pitched brilliantly over 6 innings as the Reds earned a win on the road against Tampa Bay . Since returning from AAA , Leake has pitched at least 6 innings in 7 straight starts . 6 of his 7 starts since May 27th have been quality starts . He has allowed 2 earned runs or fewer in 4 of his last 7 games . In short , he 's dealing right now .
There are rumors that the Reds have sent scouts to look at Dodgers ' pitcher Hiroki Kuroda . The Dodgers are likely trying to shed salary , and Kuroda is a solid pitcher . Could be interesting .
Baseball Prospectus provides this scouting report on Reds ' SS prospect , Billy Hamilton :
Billy Hamilton ( Reds )
TCF : Hamilton has 90 speed on the 20-80 scouting scale—water cooler-worthy wheels—but the bat is a major question mark . The 20-year-old infielder projects to have contact ability at the plate , which should translate to a high batting average thanks to his insane speed , but his offensive game might be one-dimensional ; his swing lacks punch , and power potential is n't in the cards . Hamilton plays shortstop now , but his arm might force a move to second base , where his bat wo n't have the same value . When Hamilton reaches base , he 's one of the more dangerous weapons in the game , but reaching base will be the challenge as he climbs the professional ladder .
Yonder Alonso has joined twitter – @ YonderalonsoU
Broadway Blend
Locally brewed – The construction workers are back at work to build the casino that might-or-might-not ever get built .
Hollywood brew – Jeff Bridges plans to bring the classic novel , The Giver to the big screen .
Strange brew – In Delaware , Ohio a woman was arrested for spraying police officers with breast milk…
Viral brew – Balloon on fire… Pants on fire .
Harmonious brew – The soulful sounds of Sharon Jones and the Dap-Kings , “ 100 Days , 100 Nights . ”
Follow me on Twitter @ CKFreshness
It 's a big-screen scene to thrill the heart of even the most cynical South Korean moviegoer .
The year is 1597 , and the forces of the Joseon Dynasty – the precursor to the modern Korean nation – and Japan are at war . The last remnants of the Korean fleet , just 12 salvaged ships , must rally to defend the peninsula 's southwestern shores against a pillaging Japanese navy some 330 vessels strong , bound for the capital city . Dejected and outnumbered , the Koreans ' spirits are flagging in the face of the mighty foe .
But the commander of the Korean fleet is no ordinary leader . Admiral Yi Sun-shin sets his own encampment on fire , cutting off the path to retreat . Then he turns to his sailors to deliver a rousing speech : “ If you wish to live , you will certainly die , ” he tells them . “ But if you wish to die , you will certainly live . ”
Yi is a mythical figure in the South Korean imagination . And his improbable rout of the Japanese fleet at the Battle of Myeongnyang is at the heart of the biggest movie to hit South Korea – ever . Myeongnyang , or The Admiral : Roaring Currents , as the movie is titled in English , is a phenomenon : As of mid-September , the movie has sold more than 17.5 million tickets in a country of 50 million . ( For comparison , the next-highest-selling film was James Cameron 's Avatar , which opened in South Korea in December 2009 , and sold 13.3 million tickets ) .
The film has been deemed mediocre at best — New York Times movie critic Ben Kenigsberg , for example , called it “ turgid. ” Darcy Paquet , a Seoul-based commentator on Korean films , wrote on his popular website that “ The Admiral is not really an outstanding film , ” just “ expertly packaged. ” But Myeongnyang , it seems , has struck a chord with South Korean society — and , in particular , with the country 's nationalist right , who see in Yi a strong leader of the sort that might be able to shake the country out of the malaise that has overtaken it following the tragic sinking of the Sewol ferry this spring .
JoongAng Ilbo , one of South Korea 's three leading conservative dailies , was quick to see Myeongnyang as a call to arms , pleading in an August 5 editorial for the country 's politicians to pay attention to Yi 's “ strong leadership , moral authority , vision toward the future , and indefatigable spirit that transcends difficulties of the moment. ” Dong-A Ilbo , another of the big three , ran on August 6 an editorial titled “ President Park : Show the Leadership of Myeongnyang in Solving Deep-Rooted Problems of the Nation . ”
Deferring to popular will , even conservative President Park Geun-hye saw the movie in early August , accompanied by Kim Ki-chun , her chief of staff.Afterward , a presidential spokesperson issued a statement , saying that the viewing “ signifies a desire to inspire the nation to reach a consensus , overcome threats , and seek cooperation among people , officials , and military in this moment of national crisis and to work together toward economic revitalization and national innovation . We will demonstrate leadership that pulls Korean society out of the swamp of depression since the Sewol ferry sinking . ”
It has been months since the April 16 sinking of the Sewol ferry off Jindo Island ( not far , coincidentally , from where Yi fought the Battle of Myeongnyang ) . The accident killed 304 people , mostly young students , and captured the world 's attention . But while the world has moved on to other disasters , South Korea has been paralyzed by the fallout . The National Assembly has been deadlocked for months over the creation of a special commission that would investigate the sinking , with no agreement in sight . The president has refused repeated requests by bereaved families for a meeting . And protestors continue to sit in downtown Seoul , staging hunger strikes over the state 's handling of the rescue operation and failure to enforce safety regulations that would prevent similar disasters .
Amid this stagnation , the country seems to have latched onto Yi and Myeongnyang as a source of inspiration . History has always resonated here : South Koreans receive a rigorous education in the country 's past as part of the state 's efforts toward building a strong national identity ; historical dramas – called sageuk in Korean – are perennial favorites among viewers both on television and in cinema ; and historical figures are often held up as exemplars . But even in this environment , Yi Sun-shin 's place is special .
In South Korea , Yi is seen as a savior , someone who embodies inexhaustible loyalty , filial piety , and military genius . The story of his ultimate death , at the Battle of Noryang , which he ordered subordinates not to make public lest his soldiers became demoralized , is taught to every South Korean schoolchild . His shrine in the western city of Asan , overseen by the state 's Cultural Heritage Administration , attracts hundreds of thousands of visitors each year — and even more now that the movie has become such a hit : The attendance figure this August alone was 98,600 , a jump of more than 70,000 people compared to the same period last year , according to the shrine 's management office .
Yi has also long been a favorite historical figure for the right in particular , and is readily invoked by those arguing for strong leadership . It was none other than Park Geun-hye 's father , South Korean dictator Park Chung-hee , who spearheaded the modern-day glorification of Yi Sun-shin , which many saw as an attempt to reinforce his own mandate as a military ruler . The sign that bears the name of the Asan shrine is in the elder Park 's personal handwriting , and he also commissioned Yi 's iconic statue , which has stood in the heart of downtown Seoul since 1968 .
Myeongnyang also happens to be wildly nationalistic – and in particular , anti-Japanese – which has not hurt its appeal to South Korean audiences , even those who are normally reserved toward Japan . The 1592 invasion of Joseon by the Japanese remains a strong source of anger , even today . In the movie , vicious Japanese soldiers take pleasure in cutting down innocent Korean villagers , and menacing enemy forces carry banners suspiciously reminiscent of the modern Japanese flag , while Korean protagonists appear more like idealized types than full-fleshed characters in their unwavering devotion to the country .
Not everyone has found the movie inspiring , however : Myeongnyang has been derided on the left , which has also largely dismissed conservative readings of the film as a battle cry for the nation . Prominent progressive pundit Chin Jung-kwon , in a tweet , called Myeongnyang “ frankly rubbish ” and called out a conservative critic for “ seemingly implying that a proper viewing of Myeongnyang requires healthy patriotism ” when the movie ought to be seen simply as a movie .
A widely circulated review in the leading progressive newspaper Hankyoreh put it more bluntly , calling the movie “ a kind of masturbatory device ” for “ the middle-aged and the old ” that “ caress [ es ] the wounded pride of a generation whose history has been utterly rejected in the aftermath of Korean society 's systemic collapse as revealed by the Sewol catastrophe . ”
But 17.5 million tickets sold builds its own momentum . And it does not hurt that the film was partially funded and solely distributed by the CJ Group , a major South Korean chaebol , or conglomerate , that also happens to own CGV , the country 's largest multiplex cinema company . At one point in early August , the title was playing on 39.8 percent of all available screens in South Korea . The movie has grossed a record-breaking 135 billion South Korean won ( approximately $ 130 million ) domestically so far , and the sales , for now at least , keep coming .
“ I came to see it because I heard it was entertaining and a lot of other people were seeing it , ” said Choi A-ra , a 30-something woman who came with her husband to catch a recent late-night screening at a downtown multiplex in Jongno .
But unlike the entertaining reincarnation of the admiral on silver screen , the current administration appears to be drifting aimlessly – rehashing the same rhetoric of economic deregulation and privatization from months ago and offering no concrete policies toward improving public safety . Just one subway stop over , dozens of demonstrators , camped out since mid-July in protest of the government 's response to the Sewol disaster , continued their vigil in the heart of Seoul . From his perch steps away , the statue of Yi Sun-shin 's stared afar while they lamented the contrast between the current government and the long-deceased admiral .
Chang Song-hee , a spokesperson for the bereaved Sewol families on hunger strike , said , “ People are educated from a young age to love the country and fellow citizens , but in reality they rarely see that love in action . Who loves our country and who loves our nation ? Politicians do n't demonstrate that love and neither do soldiers . But Myeongnyang clearly shows what patriotism means : This is how you love the country , this is how you love the nation . ”
A version of this article first appeared in Foreign Policy on 19 September 2014 .
Danny Née used to love snow . After becoming the city 's new snow czar , not so much .
Danny Née used to love snow . It was kind of his shtick . He was the guy in mid-summer who posted things on Facebook about how the forecasts were calling for a terrible winter . And when that first storm of the year would be but a rumor , he 'd be back at it early , pumped up , all of it always met with comments from his friends that were just versions of “ I hate you . ”
That was before he got put in charge of so much snow . Now he 's not quite sure how he feels about it . But it 's definitely not love .
Back in the day it was different . When he started at Boston public works fifteen years ago , it was just him , truck number 01391 with a big old plow on the front , and 7.6 miles of Commonwealth Avenue . From Arlington Street at the Public Garden all the way up to Boston College , that was his , from the first flake to bare pavement . He got hired in 2002 , right before a big storm , and could n't believe he was getting paid to drive around trying not tohit things with a big truck .
Advertisement
“ It 's like coloring , you can get very OCD about it , ” he said . “ It 's weirdly satisfying . ”
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox : The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Over the years , he had moved up the ranks to a supervisor role , in charge of what is known as MR1 , the main routes , your Hyde Park Avenues and Broadways . It was a lot of work , but it could still be fun .
Then the blizzards of 2015 came , and snow stopped being fun . He worked 79 straight days . The first 49 were doubles .
“ I do n't love snow anymore , ” Née said Thursday standing in the parking lot outside the massive Frontage Road facility that maintains so much city machinery . “ I 'm not sure what the relationship is . The amount of snow we removed was the equivalent of the amount of dirt removed in the entire Big Dig . And we did it in six weeks . So I just look at it differently now . ”
On Monday , his relationship with snow will change again as he begins an acting role as one of the two assistant superintendents of highway in charge of the battle between the city and the snow .
Advertisement
“ There 's just so many people , so much involved now , ” Née said as he walked through the hangar-like maintenance facility , where a few of the 170 trucks in the city 's snow battle quiver were getting worked on . “ It 's not just me in the truck on a stretch of road . It takes so much to keep this going . ”
Much of that battle now takes place for Née in the Highway Ops Center , a conference room with screens showing traffic camera feeds and the GPS coordinates of the snow removal fleet . On the walls , white boards list all the available drivers ; in a major snowstorm it can swell to 700 with outside contractors , plowing the 2000 miles of lanes in the city . It 's headquarters during a snow event , a morphing mayhem of sticking to a plan while making a million tiny adaptations .
Deputy Commissioner Michael Brohel , his boss , still likes Née to spend as much time as he can on the roads . Getting eyes on the snow . Hunting for problems . Shuffling equipment around . Checking on 311 complaints . Making sure plow drivers who are n't pulling their weight are told as much .
It 's been quiet thus far this season . A few nights of salting . Seven inches of snow over the weekend . Nothing too major . They 've stayed on top of it . And now there 's a stretch where it 's unseasonably warm . It feels , Née says , a lot like the winter of 2015 .
“ If you remember , we had a lot of weather like this in January , ” Née said on Thursday , as temperatures in Boston broke 60 degrees . “ It was in the 50s the day of the Super Bowl . I can remember sitting in the office on a warm day just like this and we were talking about what we were going to do with all the leftover money in our budget . ”
Billy Baker can be reached at billy.baker @ globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @ billy_baker
The US granted approval for a last-minute flight plan which allowed Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro to fly over Puerto Rico on his way to China . Venezuela 's FM earlier told media an aircraft carrying Maduro was denied a path over the commonwealth .
Washington told Caracas Thursday night that permission was granted even though the request had not been properly submitted , Reuters cites State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf as saying .
Maduro tweeted at around 10:30 pm local time ( 0300 GMT ) Thursday that he had left Venezuela for Beijing .
Earlier in the day , Venezuelan Foreign Minister Elias Jaua told media the aircraft carrying Maduro to China was forced to find an alternate flight path . Jaua denounced the act as “ an act of aggression . ”
“ We have received the information from American officials that we have been denied travel over its airspace , ” Jaua said , speaking to reporters during an official meeting with his South African counterpart .
“ We denounce this as yet another aggression on the part of North American imperialism against the government of the Bolivarian Republic , ” he added .
`` No one can deny airspace to a plane carrying a president on an international state visit . ''
There is “ no valid argument ” for denying travel through American airspace , Jaua said , adding that he expected the US to rectify the situation .
Harf said Venezuela did not follow proper steps in its flyover request , having given just one day 's notice instead of the mandatory three .
`` Additionally , the plane in question was not a state aircraft , which is required for a diplomatic clearance , '' she said in a statement .
`` Although the request was not properly submitted , US authorities worked with Venezuelan officials at the Venezuelan Embassy to resolve the issue . US authorities made an extraordinary effort to work with relevant authorities to grant overflight approval in a matter of hours , '' Harf said .
President Maduro is due to arrive in Beijing this weekend for bilateral talks with the Chinese government . Jaua was adamant that the Venezuelan leader would reach his destination , regardless of any perceived interference .
The incident is the latest diplomatic spat to take place between the United States and Venezuela , who have clashed regularly since Maduro took office in April .
In July , the Venezuelan president announced that his government was halting attempts to improve relations with the US . The move was in response to comments made by the newly appointed US Ambassador to the UN , Samantha Power , who told a Senate committee that her new role would include challenging the “ crackdown on civil society ” abroad , including in Venezuela .
Relations under former President Chavez had been acrimonious , as he had long held suspicions that the US had actively intervened on behalf of an attempted coup in 2002 . Since his election in April , President Maduro has often made pointed criticisms at alleged US interference in Venezuelan affairs .
Bolivian President Evo Morales , whose own plane was grounded this summer allegedly due to suspicions by US authorities that the aircraft was transporting whistleblower Edward Snowden , said that ALBA bloc nations should consider a boycott of the upcoming UN General Assembly in New York as a response .
`` We can not accept that the US carries on with politics of intimidation and the prohibition of flights by presidents , '' said Morales , adding that the latest incident `` demonstrates the country 's predisposition to humiliate other governments '' and commit crimes against other nations .
Dispute over visas ahead of UN summit
The Venezuelan President also spoke of attempts by the US to set “ conditions ” on a visa issued to General Wilmer Barrientos , one of Maduro 's ministers who are slated to attend meetings during the UN General Assembly next week .
`` They want to put conditions , if we decide to go to New York ... They do n't want to give a visa to my minister , '' said Maduro . `` Do we want to go as tourists ? We 're going to the United Nations . You 're obligated to give visas to all the delegation . ''
Appearing via the television network TeleSUR on Thursday , Maduro indicated that he had directed his foreign minister , Elías Jaua , and Venezuela 's Ambassador to the UN , Samuel Moncada , to “ activate all mechanisms ” in reference to the visa dispute .
“ US , you are not the UN 's owner . The UN will have to move out of New York , ” remarked Maduro .
He warned that if he has to take “ measures ” against the government of the US , he would be prepared to take “ the most drastic measures necessary ” to ensure Venezuelan sovereignty .
The “ 1 in 4 ” Myth and Basic Math
I think the thing that baffles me the most about the “ 1 in 4 ” myth that the feminist movement perpetuates is their inability to do basic math .
Like do you realize how many women that is ? Do you realize how many women would have to be raped every single year to make that statistic true ?
You are saying that 25 % of women in the United States are raped in their lifetime . I hope you realize that this means you are saying that that number is 39,650,000 women ( there are 158.6 million women in the US ) . There were around 75,000 rapes in 2010 . Even if all of these rapes were women , it would take 528 ½ years for that number to reach your 39.6 million women .
To reach your statistic of “ 39.6 million women are raped , ” you 'd have to have a rape incidence rate of 396,500 women per year ( using 100 years , a very generous estimate as the “ lifetime occurrence ” baseline ) . You realize that 's more than the UN report covering incidence rate of rape in 65 different countries , right ?
You 're saying that in the US , almost 400,000 women are raped every year , more than the TOTAL of the 65 countries included in that UN report . Yeah forgive me if I 'm skeptical . Jesus Christ learn basic math people . This is just ridiculous .
Did global warming take a breather in the early 21st century ? Not at all , according to fresh analysis of temperature data that incorporates more information and better methods for parsing historical trends .
Related Content Antarctic Sea Ice Sets A New Record , But the Climate is Still Changing
In 2013 , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released an assessment report that found what appeared to be a halt in the pace of warming . The rate at which surface temperatures rose between 1998 and 2012 was only about a third to a half that seen between 1951 and 2012 . This was termed the “ hiatus , ” and climate change skeptics jumped on the result as evidence that there was no reason to worry .
Earlier this year , though , scientists at NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration declared that 2014 was the warmest year since 1880 . And now researchers have found that the record temperatures , when combined with better analysis methods , have eliminated any evidence of a pause in global warming .
When the IPCC report was unveiled , scientists tried to figure out where the missing heat had gone . Some thought it may have gotten stored away in the Atlantic or Pacific oceans . Others noted that 1998 was the year of a strong El Niño that caused particularly warm weather around the globe , and using it as the starting point for any trend was problematic .
In their new study , published online today by Science , NOAA scientists address another concern about the temperature data—inconsistencies in how and where it was collected .
“ We know that the raw temperature records contain various inconsistencies over the long time history , '' says co-author Boyin Huang . `` Stations may have been moved , sensors are replaced and improved , observation techniques change , and so on. ” Before World War II , for instance , most researchers took water temperatures by putting a bucket over the side of a ship . After the war , water temperatures were mostly monitored at engine intakes . Later , more of the water data was collected at buoys instead of from ships .
Each method of collecting data produces slightly different results , similar to what might happen if someone measured their oven temperature with both a mercury and a digital thermometer—the data may be close , but it 's not an exact match . Accounting for those differences using established mathematical methods makes the full dataset more consistent .
“ These homogenization techniques make it possible to compare temperature data collected from locations around the world and over many decades , improving the accuracy of temperature trend estimates , ” Huang says . “ The homogenization methods used are carefully documented in journal articles and agency websites that are publicly available . ”
There have also been advancements made in where air temperature data is collected on land . Many parts of the Earth , especially in Africa , Asia , South America , the Arctic and the Antarctic , have had few measurement stations . But due to a recent effort , the number of data collection stations has doubled , and coverage has improved .
The new analysis accounts for the changes in data collection on land and sea , and the results show that the rate of global warming between 1998 and 2012 is almost double that reported in the IPCC assessment . Adding 2013 and 2014 to the dataset increases the rate further , and the pace of warming between 2000 and 2014—0.209 degrees Fahrenheit per decade—is nearly the same as that seen in the latter half of the 20th century , the researchers note .
“ Science is a cumulative and continuous process , and this is reflected in our continued improvements to the land and ocean surface temperature datasets , ” says study co-author Huai-Min Zhang . “ The notion of a warming hiatus in the most recent decades , as defined by the [ IPCC report ] , is no longer valid . The global warming rate has been just as fast over the last 15 years as over the previous 50 years . ”
Reports that China has deployed two batteries of HQ-9 surface-to-air missiles on Woody Island , one of the Paracel Island group in the South China Sea , have predictably led to exchange of diplomatic barbs . The United States in particular have expressed its concerns , with Secretary of State John Kerry saying that “ there is every evidence every day that there has been an increase of militarization of one kind or another [ in the South China Sea ] . It 's of serious concern . ”
Today , a round-up of Chinese responses to that critique , starting with Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei 's counter-accusation that the United States is actually responsible for any militarization of the region : “ [ T ] he current situation is that the US keeps increasing its military presence in the South China Sea…It is those actions , which heightened tensions in the South China Sea , that are militarizing the South China Sea . ”
Hong also hit back at concerns from Australia and New Zealand , telling those two states to “ objectively view the historical records of the South China Sea issue , instead of ignoring facts and offering unconstructive advice . ”
Meanwhile , Xinhua has a pair of op-eds and commentaries on the issue for your weekend reading : “ U.S . has hard time justifying criticism of China 's actions in South China Sea , ” and “ Washington 's destabilizing role in South China Sea. ” There 's nothing new really here – China has often accused the United States of militarizing the South China Sea and “ stirring up tensions ” in the disputed region . But the juxtaposition of U.S. and Chinese statements on the missile deployment ( which China has yet to confirm or deny ) provides a useful reminder of the massive perception gap on the South China Sea .
In economic news , last week , Caixin scored an exclusive interview with Zhou Xiaochuan , the governor of the People 's Bank of China . This week , they 've posted an English transcript . In the interview , Zhou joins the chorus of Chinese officials defending the fundamental health of China 's economy . In particular , Zhou maintains that the renminbi , China 's currency , is healthy , that capital outflows are normal , and that China will not pursue further depreciation .
In other news , People 's Daily reports that China is able to detect U.S. F-22 stealth fighters , according to Chinese military experts .
Remember the Chinese media reports that claimed Vietnam had undertaken new land reclamation in the Spratlys – only to see it washed away by a Typhoon in December ? The Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative has done its own analysis of Vietnam 's reclamation and the effect of the typhoon , including an analysis of the pre-existing structures on Cornwallis Reef , what Vietnam actually did , and how it compares ( legally and environmentally ) to China 's actions elsewhere in the Spratly .
In another update to a previous Diplomat story , a State Department spokesperson said expects President Barack Obama would veto a bill calling for the plaza in front of the Chinese Embassy in Washington , D.C. to be renamed after imprisoned dissident Liu Xiaobo . Mark Toner , a deputy spokesperson at State , said legislative action such as the Liu Xiaobo Plaza bill “ only complicates our efforts ” to encourage China to respect human rights .
And one final update , to earlier reports that Ling Wancheng , brother of ousted official Ling Jihua , had fled to the United States and was offering up state secrets to Washington . Ling Wancheng 's attorney , however , dismissed those reports as “ absurd rumors ” in a conversation with Reuters . The rumor “ that he has handed over state secrets to the U.S. government , reported by media outlets , is a baseless lie and a groundless defamation , ” attorney Gregory S. Smith said . He added that Ling “ came to the U.S. to share golf secrets , not state secrets . ”
Thirty years ago this week President Ronald Reagan proclaimed the second week in May as National Correctional Officers Week . Today we look at California 's state prison system .
The first state-run facility used as a prison was a ship named The Waban that was anchored in the San Francisco Bay in 1851 . Today , the system is one of the largest law enforcement agencies in the nation with more than 30,000 officers , parole agents and investigators .
118,383 : The number of felons housed in California state prisons as of midnight April 30
5,222 : The number of women who are felons in the state prisons
131.9 % : Prison occupancy in facilities and camps
747 : Number of inmates on death row as of May 4
4,253 : California prisoners housed in Arizona and Mississippi
ADULT FELON POPULATION
The prison population has declined in recent years . But the population at many facilities is more than 150 percent of designed capacity .
Recidivism rate
The percentage of inmates who return to prison within three years in California was 61 percent in FY 2008-09 , the most recent year statistics are available .
PRICE PER PRISONER
Annual cost to incarcerate an inmate in a California prison
Security $ 32,019
Inmate health care
Medical care $ 14,834
Psychiatric services $ 3,359
Pharmaceuticals $ 2,143
Dental care $ 1,246
Facility operations and records
Facility operations $ 4,334
Classification services $ 1,798
Maintenance of inmate records $ 723
Reception , testing assignment $ 145
Transportation $ 24
Administration $ 4,171
Inmate food and activities
Food $ 2,082
Inmate employment $ 823
Clothing $ 354
Inmate activities $ 102
Religious activities $ 123
Rehabilitation programs
Academic education $ 1,237
Cognitive behavioral therapy $ 823
Vocational training $ 377
Miscellaneous $ 93
Total $ 70,810
PORTION OF STATE BUDGET
2017-18 General Fund expenditures under governor 's current proposal
POPULATION IN PRISON
In 2011 California prisons were operating at 179.5 percent of design capacity . They have declined to 131.9 percent as of May 2017 .
ANNUAL MEAN WAGE FOR GUARDS
Correctional officers and jailers by state for May 2016
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , California had 37,050 correctional officers and jailers in May 2016 . The number reflects local , county and state employees .
Sources : California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation , Bureau of Labor Statistics , State of California Department of Finance
The last time Quebec laid a new oil pipeline into the ground and put it into service was 2012 .
The project was Oléoduc Saint-Laurent , a 16-inch conduit carrying refined petroleum products from Valero Energy Corp. 's refinery in Lévis , 240 kilometres south to Montreal . And the person who shepherded the $ 300-million plan from start to finish was Louis Bergeron , a chemical engineer from Quebec City .
Now , Mr. Bergeron is back with a new task . TransCanada Corp. has drafted the 58-year-old francophone father of three to work his magic again as the point person for Quebec and New Brunswick on its proposed $ 15.7-billion Energy East crude-oil pipeline . The bet is there 's no one better to sell Quebeckers on a new pipeline than the guy who brought the last one to market . The reality is that past success might not ensure triumph for a politically charged project that has splintered provinces apart .
Story continues below advertisement
`` The perception of the people is not necessarily that the pipeline is bad , '' Mr. Bergeron said in an interview at TransCanada 's Sherbrooke Street offices earlier this month . `` But maybe they did n't like the way it was presented , did n't like the approach , did n't like the tone . And this is exactly what we 're changing now . ''
Hiring Mr. Bergeron is part of a wider effort by the Calgary-based energy company to turn the page on a rocky start in Quebec since Energy East consultations were launched in 2013 ; a start made worse by the impression Quebeckers had that the former Alberta and Canadian governments had no convincing climate plans . While the Trudeau government now tries to address that problem in its own way , Mr. Bergeron is aiming to engage more with local stakeholders beyond the National Energy Board .
In practice , that means canvassing local politicians and landowners of all stripes . It means leading the company in a voluntary formal examination of the project by Quebec 's environmental review agency . And it means not only explaining the plans during open-house meetings and listening to citizen concerns – something TransCanada officials say they actually do pretty well – but also being able to provide solutions when problems arise . A current Montreal staff of 25 will balloon to 40 if and when the project gets into detailed engineering .
Mr. Bergeron said Quebeckers were asking to deal with a senior TransCanada official having real decision-making power but the company was n't able to offer that kind of accessibility until he was hired last fall as vice-president based in Montreal . `` Showing them that some decisions can now be made in Montreal quickly … I think is making a difference . ''
History suggests showing sensitivity to even the seemingly small-fry stakeholders will also help . One of the most difficult obstacles for Valero 's Saint-Laurent project was winning support to build the pipeline through a protected wood lot on Montreal 's South Shore . The company sought to cut one hectare of trees on the 5,000-hectare area but the local community resisted , Mr. Bergeron recalled . Eventually , a deal was hammered out whereby the company drilled directionally to put the pipeline under the trees , like it does to cross rivers .
Though Energy East has support among many key business leaders in Quebec , you do n't have to look far to find skepticism toward the project .
Montreal-area mayors blasted the company for its decision to skip public hearings last year on the project and last month came out firmly against it , saying the risks outweigh the benefits from taxation and job creation . Energy specialists note that while the plan could be beneficial in helping Quebec 's two refineries further diversify their supply , that does n't mean it 's necessary . The Couillard government says it 's up to TransCanada to prove there 's something in it economically for the province after the company dropped a Quebec-based export terminal from the project plan .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Bergeron frames the criticism in a constructive way , calling them part of a necessary discussion that will lead to greater comfort with the pipeline . A deal TransCanada announced last week with Swiss power equipment maker ABB Group is just one in a series of job-creation partnerships to benefit Quebec , the executive says . TransCanada will tap ABB 's Canadian arm to manufacture at least 22 electrical stations used to power pump stations along the pipeline .
If approved , the pipeline would carry 1.1. a million barrels of Alberta oil-sands crude across Canada to refineries in Quebec and New Brunswick . Part of the volume would be loaded onto tankers in Saint John , N.B. , and exported , giving Alberta 's land-locked oil crucial access to world markets . The portion of the artery running through Quebec would be an all-new build .
When Mr. Bergeron first pitched the Saint-Laurent project , he said he faced constant questions about whether the pipeline was needed . In the end , he was able to rally people behind the idea that it was better to transport petroleum products via pipeline than on rail cars .
`` I think 10 years from now , people will think the same '' about Energy East , Mr. Bergeron said . `` That it was the right thing to do to transport oil . ''
NEW car manufacturers would be forced to install engine immobilisers under a plan to put the brakes on potentially deadly high speed pursuits .
The Queensland Police Union is behind the push with president Ian Leavers pleading directly to Prime Minister Tony Abbott to amend vehicle standards to clear the way for the devices to be installed .
The move is timely after a spate of high speed chases in the State 's south east .
In the letter to the Prime Minister , Mr Leavers said various State and Territory governments had attempted to strike a balance between community safety and catching fleeing criminals .
“ At present there is no consistent approach throughout the nation , ” the letter said . “ The QPUE believes the best answer lies in technological advances . ”
Mr Leavers said engine immobilisers were already being installed by the makers of some luxury cars , allowing owners to “ remotely track and immobilise their vehicle if it is stolen ' .
“ Although there will obviously be a cost with such a requirement , it should be evenly spread across the entire industry , '' Mr Leavers wrote .
He argued mandatory installation would reduce the costs and could lead to a reduction in associated insurance premiums .
“ Most importantly , the costs to the community , in terms of lives lost and people injured , would be greatly reduced over time by the elimination of police pursuits , and the swift recovery of stolen vehicles , ” he said .
Mr Leavers also told the Prime Minister legislative safeguards could be put in place to ensure community privacy .
He said a vehicle 's location and immobilisation could only occur with the consent of the owner who had reported it stolen .
“ Additionally , where vehicles attempt to flee police , appropriate authorised officers … should be able to have the suspect vehicle remotely immobilised . ''
Federal Assistant Minister for Infrastructure and Regional Development Jamie Briggs is reviewing the proposal but stressed current rules met international standards governed by the United Nations .
Mr Briggs said the Government “ will consider adopting and implementing such a regulation '' should any proposals be put forward to the UN .
“ The Government is committed to reducing the number of deaths and injuries on the nation 's roads , '' he said .
But Mr Leavers called on the Federal Government to “ lead the way '' and “ make active representation to the UN with a view to securing such changes '' .
TITLE : Get your news on Facebook
After quietly blossoming in the 2016 second half , Oakland Athletics infielder Ryon Healy is a fascinating test case for 2017 . He entered last season well outside of the A 's top-10 prospects , a 24-year-old former Oregon Duck who spent the entire previous season at AA Midland . As we now know , Healy made some crucial swing adjustments in the 2015-2016 offseason and proceeded to hit .338/.409/.628 ( AVG/OBP/SLG ) at Double-A , earning a promotion to Triple-A , and to the Majors in mid-July .
Undeterred , Healy compiled a .305/.337/.524 line with 13 HR in 74 games playing at 3B . Despite the somewhat low 4.2 % BB rate , he was a cheap source of power and batting average down the stretch . Like so many small-sample performers before him , Healy could easily prove to be a flash in the pan . With at least some evidence of hard contact , though , the big righty has a chance to prove that his 2016 half-season was no fluke and return value for fantasy owners .
Practice fast mock drafts with our fantasy baseball software > >
The Basics
The consensus rankings have Ryon Healy as the 160th overall player , and the 19th ranked 3B . Healy sits at 203rd off the board in the current consensus ADP , though his 272 ADP at CBS brings down the average significantly . As expected , the consensus projections are somewhat skeptical of Healy 's production , forecasting a drop of more than 30 points in batting average and a significant decrease in HR rate .
Season AB R HR RBI SB AVG 2016 283 36 13 37 0 .305 2017 Projected 482 60 17 64 1 .271
If it 's speed you 're looking for in your draft , move along . The one projected steal would bring Healy to four total in his professional career .
Considering that many full-time players eclipse 550 at-bats , it is also apparent that the composite projections are not granting everyday playing time for Healy . Betting on Healy amounts to expecting him to beat his playing time projection , as well as buying into his 2016 production .
The Team Context
Though he hit near the bottom of the order shortly after his debut , Ryon Healy worked his way up and was frequently hitting third , fourth or fifth by the end of the season . He is currently projected to bat third in the A 's “ go-to ” lineup , getting the majority of his at-bats at DH .
Having signed Trevor Plouffe this offseason , Healy is not expected to see many games at 3B , but he will likely platoon with Yonder Alonso at 1B . GM David Frost had previously hinted as much , so near everyday playing time seems probable , especially if he can maintain solid performance .
With the majority of his at-bats coming in the heart of the order , Healy should see plenty of R and RBI opportunities , even on a mediocre Athletics offense . In addition to carrying 3B eligibility into 2017 , he should add 1B early in the season and provide some lineup flexibility to owners .
The Risk
One need not look far to find examples of prospects who succeed at Double-A and Triple-A and fall flat in the majors . Scores of examples also exist of players who achieve immediate success in their debut seasons and fail to build upon that success . Ryon Healy 's projections already include a significant amount of regression , and contribute to his modest ADP .
Healy spent nearly half the 2016 season in the majors , and while he got off to a slow start , he never experienced a prolonged slump . Perhaps the biggest risk for Healy in 2017 is opposing pitchers establishing a scouting report that can be used to expose him .
A quick check of Healy 's runs above average per 100 pitches ( RAA/100P ) heatmap from FanGraphs shows that he struggled on outside pitches , but also swung on fewer outside pitches than inside pitches . It seems opposing pitchers could choose to pitch Healy outside until he shows that he can cover the plate .
Outside pitches or otherwise , Healy will be forced to make an adjustment to sustain success . The good news for fantasy owners is that he has already shown the ability to transform himself to get better .
The Reward
In comparing Ryon Healy 's 2016 performance with his 2017 projection , batted-ball luck must also be considered . His .352 BABIP ranks him in the top 10 % of batters with at least 250 plate appearances in 2016 . At first blush , this BABIP would appear primed for regression .
According to the excellent xStats.org maintained by Andrew Perpetua , which calculates batted-ball outcomes by vertical and horizontal launch angle and Statcast exit velocity and estimates a player 's “ deserved ” outcomes , Healy earned a .378 BABIP and a .326 xAVG . For the moment , these stats should be considered somewhat experimental , but they do indicate that Healy was not lucky with his 2016 results , and in fact , may have been a bit unlucky .
A closer look at the raw Baseball Savant leaderboard shows that Healy has very close to average exit velocity . His stellar 2016 xStats outcomes , therefore , must be a result of a favorable launch angle distribution . Indeed , his rate of “ Barrels ” per batted-ball is 10.1 % , a solidly above average mark .
An expected isolated slugging ( xISO ) tool that I maintain incorporates the barrels metric , and largely believes Healy 's .219 ISO from 2016 . While the year-to-year stability of these launch angle and exit velocity combinations is not yet known , it is at least encouraging that Healy 's 2016 batting line was supported by more than luck . Adding in the more optimistic playing time expectation , I believe all this warrants a more optimistic projection than appears in the composite . Here is my estimate :
Season AB R HR RBI SB AVG 2017 Projected 560 74 21 79 1 .280
Ideally , fantasy owners should not pay for this projection but hope to snag a bargain later in drafts . The optimistic projection would vault Healy near the top-10 of third basemen , with production comparable to the likes of Anthony Rendon , Matt Carpenter , Adrian Beltre and Justin Turner , who are taken , on average , between picks 70 and 111 .
The Verdict
Ryon Healy will not provide any fantasy value on the base paths . He will start with 3B eligibility and likely earn 1B in-season , so he will need to hit for power to claim a spot in starting lineups . Although he was not a top prospect , adjustments and stellar performance in the high minors gave him a chance to shine upon being called up to the majors mid-season in 2016 .
It would be unwise to expect a repeat of a .300 batting average , but our nascent Statcast-based batted-ball metrics suggest that Healy 's 2016 was no fluke . If he can maintain his profile and make adjustments as opposing teams learn more about him , Ryon Healy is an excellent middle-round target for owners looking to fill a corner infield slot , or for those who choose to wait on a third baseman .
Check out all of our 2017 fantasy baseball player profiles > >
Subscribe : iTunes | Stitcher | SoundCloud | TuneIn | Google Play
Andrew Dominijanni is a correspondent at FantasyPros . For more from Andrew , check out his archive and follow him @ ADominijanni .
TV Land 's “ The Jim Gaffigan Show ” will end after its second season , star and creator Jim Gaffigan announced via Twitter on Monday .
In a statement posted to social media site WhoSay , Gaffigan wrote on behalf of himself and his wife , Jeannie : “ After months of discussion Jeannie and I have decided to make season 2 of ‘ The Jim Gaffigan Show ' the final season . We realize this may surprise some and we do n't make this decision lightly . It is hard to say goodbye to this highly personal passion project , which we have nurtured and poured our hearts into for over five years . Jeannie and I are grateful that TV Land allowed us to do this show about our lives the way we wanted . It was empowering , exhilarating and exhausting . As many of you know all the episodes this season were written by Jeannie and me . Jeannie was the showrunner and I acted in virtually every scene . In one way it was a perfect scenario . We worked with an amazing cast and crew , learned tons and laughed so much . However the time commitment to make the quality of show we wanted was taking us away from our most important project , our five children . We are truly grateful for all the support friends on social media and television critics have given ‘ The Jim Gaffigan Show . ' Jeannie and I are excited to move forward with other creative pursuits . ”
TV Land provided a statement to Variety on the end of the series : “ We are really proud of ‘ The Jim Gaffigan Show ' and the amazing comedy that Jim , Jeannie , the cast , the creative team and JAX Media have made for us . After two great seasons , we have mutually agreed to not move forward with Season 3 of the series . We have an incredible amount of respect for everyone involved , and are grateful to them for bringing their passion and dedication to ‘ The Jim Gaffigan Show . ' ”
The show aired its series finale on August 21 .
TV Land has had mixed success with star vehicles in recent years ; its Kirstie Alley comedy “ Kirstie ” was cancelled after one season in 2014 , but George Lopez laffer “ Lopez ” was renewed for a second season in June . The cable network underwent a rebranding in 2015 and has since been pursuing edgier , more youthful projects outside of its formerly nostalgic niche , with Darren Star 's buzzy “ Younger ” already renewed for a fourth season ahead of its Season 3 premiere . The network has also given a series order to “ Nobodies , ” from Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone , and has ordered high-profile pilots starring the likes of Mena Suvari , Alicia Silverstone , Alyson Hannigan and Megan Hilty .
What is iBeacon ? What are iBeacons ?
The term iBeacon and Beacon are often used interchangeably . iBeacon is the name for Apple 's technology standard , which allows Mobile Apps ( running on both iOS and Android devices ) to listen for signals from beacons in the physical world and react accordingly . In essence , iBeacon technology allows Mobile Apps to understand their position on a micro-local scale , and deliver hyper-contextual content to users based on location . The underlying communication technology is Bluetooth Low Energy .
What is Bluetooth Low Energy ( BLE ) ?
Bluetooth Low Energy is a wireless personal area network technology used for transmitting data over short distances . As the name implies , it 's designed for low energy consumption and cost , while maintaining a communication range similar to that of its predecessor , Classic Bluetooth .
How is BLE different from Regular Bluetooth ?
Power Consumption : Bluetooth LE , as the name hints , has low energy requirements . It can last up to 3 years on a single coin cell battery .
Lower Cost : BLE is 60-80 % cheaper than traditional Bluetooth .
Application : BLE is ideal for simple applications requiring small periodic transfers of data . Classic Bluetooth is preferred for more complex applications requiring consistent communication and more data throughput .
How does BLE communication work ?
BLE communication consists primarily of “ Advertisements ” , or small packets of data , broadcast at a regular interval by Beacons or other BLE enabled devices via radio waves .
BLE Advertising is a one-way communication method . Beacons that want to be “ discovered ” can broadcast , or “ Advertise ” self-contained packets of data in set intervals . These packets are meant to be collected by devices like smartphones , where they can be used for a variety of smartphone applications to trigger things like push messages , app actions , and prompts .
Apple 's iBeacon standard calls for an optimal broadcast interval of 100 ms. Broadcasting more frequently uses more battery life but allows for quicker discovery by smartphones and other listening devices .
Standard BLE has a broadcast range of up to 100 meters , which make Beacons ideal for indoor location tracking and awareness .
How does iBeacon use BLE communication ?
With iBeacon , Apple has standardized the format for BLE Advertising . Under this format , an advertising packet consists of four main pieces of information .
UUID : This is a 16 byte string used to differentiate a large group of related beacons . For example , if Coca-Cola maintained a network of beacons in a chain of grocery stores , all Coca-Cola beacons would share the same UUID . This allows Coca-Cola 's dedicated smartphone app to know which beacon advertisements come from Coca-Cola-owned beacons .
Major : This is a 2 byte string used to distinguish a smaller subset of beacons within the larger group . For example , if Coca-Cola had four beacons in a particular grocery store , all four would have the same Major . This allows Coca-Cola to know exactly which store its customer is in .
Minor : This is a 2 byte string meant to identify individual beacons . Keeping with the Coca-Cola example , a beacon at the front of the store would have its own unique Minor . This allows Coca-Cola 's dedicated app to know exactly where the customer is in the store .
Tx Power : This is used to determine proximity ( distance ) from the beacon . How does this work ? TX power is defined as the strength of the signal exactly 1 meter from the device . This has to be calibrated and hardcoded in advance . Devices can then use this as a baseline to give a rough distance estimate .
Example :
A beacon broadcasts the following packet
UUID : 12345678910245
Major : 22
Minor : 2
A device receiving this packet would understand it 's from the Coca-Cola Beacon ( UUID ) in the Target on 1st Street ( Major ) at the front of the store ( Minor ) .
Why is iBeacon a Big Deal ?
With an iBeacon network , any brand , retailer , app , or platform will be able to understand exactly where a customer is in the brick and mortar environment . This provides an opportunity to send customers highly contextual , hyper-local , meaningful messages and advertisements on their smartphones .
The typical scenario looks like this . A consumer carrying a smartphone walks into a store . Apps installed on a consumer 's smartphone listen for iBeacons . When an app hears an iBeacon , it communicates the relevant data ( UUID , Major , Minor , Tx ) to its server , which then triggers an action . This could be something as simple as a push message [ “ Welcome to Target ! Check out Doritos on Aisle 3 ! ” ] , and could include other things like targeted advertisements , special offers , and helpful reminders [ “ You 're out of Milk ! ” ] . Other potential applications include mobile payments and shopper analytics and implementation outside of retail , at airports , concert venues , theme parks , and more . The potential is limitless .
This technology should bring about a paradigm shift in the way brands communicate with consumers . iBeacon provides a digital extension into the physical world . We 're excited to see where iBeacon technology goes in the next few years .
It was the night before a book sale that my phone froze mid-text to a friend I was on my way to meet . The screen went black and would n't turn back on . Then the phone started to heat up so much I could n't touch it .
I tried to not worry about the fact that , as I did n't own a tablet , my phone was the main way I would be taking payments in less than fifteen hours .
I did n't think too hard about the fact that even though I had insurance on this phone , the carrier company still charges a $ 150 deductible to not fix it , no , but replace it with a refurbished ( not new ) phone that would no doubt not be shipped to me until the weekend – and the book convention – was over .
With my anxiety starting to rise , I arrived at my friend 's house who thankfully just so happened to be a phone repair tech .
Sam – who actually portrayed Jaxon at two of the three Grim release parties ! – expertly took the phone apart and informed me that sadly , the heat that my phone had been generating during the drive to him fried the touchscreen , but he happened to have that at his office . Once he got that , Sam fixed my phone and had it ready in less than half an hour ! ! ! WAY better than getting a refurbished ( crappier ) phone !
This experience led me to realize that I truly do n't know a lot about the tiny computer I carry around in my pocket every single day – the device that holds my entire life inside its expensive little frame – and what to do when something happens to it .
When do you take it to a repair shop to not only save time and money , but also not be sent a phone that will not be as good as yours was when it was new ?
Can you always ?
Why do the carriers not fix phones quickly like Sam was able to ?
SO MANY QUESTIONS !
Thankfully , Sam was happy to answer them all for me , and I wanted to share them with you in case you found yourself in a similar panic-inducing situation as I did last week .
There 's a lot of great information in this interview , and be sure to check out the lessons learned section at the end !
Interview With a Phone Tech
Reinfried : What do I do if I crack or break my screen ?
Sam : Do n't panic . I see a lot of customers who think it 's the end of their phone , but it 's not . It can be repaired . In fact , with most phones , it 's an easy fix . Do n't let your carrier lead you to believe you need to replace the device . Depending on the phone you have , the display may or may not be pricey , but it is almost always cheaper than buying a new phone .
Before going in for a repair or to your carrier , however , you should figure out if your device is covered under a warranty . Many carriers say the plan you chose will cover damage , but only after you pay an expensive deductible .
Regardless of if you 're able to pay the deductible , it is wise to call around to local repair shops , as they most likely can fix the screen for much less .
Reinfried : Yeah , I remember a few times I 've had to pay that deductible . Then I end up with another phone .
Sam : The refurbished kind .
Reinfried : Yep . And what do you know ? Each refurbished phone I 've had ended up having some kind of issue with it , or not lasting more than a few months .
Sam : Kinda sucks when you just paid $ 150 or more and waited almost a week for them to ship you a “ new ” phone . Emphasis on the quotations .
Reinfried : Why do carriers do that ? Make you pay a deductible saying they cover damage to phones when all they do is send you a used replacement ?
Sam : I ca n't speak for every company , but my guess would be simple greed . They want to sell you a new phone . If you get it repaired , no one there makes money .
Reinfried : Makes sense . So what about what happened to me ? What should someone do if their phone suddenly wo n't turn on , or freezes ?
Sam : If you 're one of the blessed few with a removable battery , try taking it out , putting it back in , and booting the phone back up . If you do n't have one , look up your device online to see how to do a hard reset .
If neither of these work , as was the case for your Pixel , it 's time to get some diagnostic work done . A good phone tech can tell you pretty quickly what 's wrong with your device and what your options are . It could be as simple as reseating the battery , or something more complex such as a problematic motherboard component .
Repair shops can almost always not only diagnose what is wrong with your phone , but also fix them the same day . However , if it is more of an extreme case , the repair shop may have to order parts , which could take a couple of days or so to ship . Some even have loaner phones for their customers . Either way , it 's often cheaper and less of a hassle than taking it back to your carrier .
Reinfried : Motherboard components ? That does n't sound fun . I 've seen you work here and there . All those little pieces and tiny screws…it looks very complex , but you make it look like the easiest thing in the world .
Sam : It 's not too bad . It 's a challenge I enjoy .
Reinfried : And what about the other issue I had ? When my phone got really hot to the touch ? Should that be something to worry about ?
Sam : It is n't good , but do n't panic . It can mean any number of things , most of which are in any way problematic . Some phones just run hot . If it happens a lot , though , it can be an issue .
Start by locating where on the phone the heat is coming from . Take it out of the case . While looking at the back of the device , mentally divide it into a three by three grids . Feel around the back until you find the hottest part .
Reinfried : I remember you having me do that . The heat was coming from the middle , on the right .
Sam : Yep , and with your Pixel , that told me it was most likely the battery . Knowing where the heat is coming from is invaluable information for a repair tech .
Another good thing to do is keep track of what apps are running when the phone heats up . Even ones in the background . If you notice that it only starts to get hot when certain apps are running , you have located the issue , or at least a contributing factor .
Reinfried : Man , I wish I knew you a few years back when someone knocked a glass of water onto my phone . Which was new . Back then all I knew to do was take it to the carrier , but they did n't cover water damage . What is the right thing to do if a phone gets wet ?
Sam : First and foremost , for the love of God , do not put it in rice ! * chuckles * Seriously , do n't do that .
Reinfried : How come ? That 's the first thing most people have been told to do !
Sam : Well , when a liquid gets on a phone , it floods into the nooks and crannies . Unless it is distilled water or pure alcohol , it has impurities that interact with electrical current . It begins to form corrosion on your motherboard within about ten hours . That corrosion spreads across it like an end times plague , and sooner or later – it could be a day , could be a month – your device will just give up the ghost .
Reinfried : So rice is bad because… ?
Sam : The only thing putting the phone in rice does is dry the outside of your phone and clog up your charging port with delicious rehydrated grain food .
What your phone needs is to be cleaned and dried from the inside . Remember how I said there 's about a fifteen hour window before an end times plague takes hold of your phone ? When a tech hears , “ I left my phone in rice overnight , so it should be fine , right ? ” we sadly shake our heads on the inside .
No , that was the window of time in which the phone could have avoided the end times plague , but now it is shut . At that point all is not lost , but repair becomes much more difficult , and more costly .
Reinfried : So what DO I do if my phone gets wet ?
Sam : If you can , pull the battery . Please , please , please do NOT turn it on . Take it to a repair shop that does liquid damage treatment , which usually entails disassembling your phone completely and cleaning any corrosion off before things start to fry .
When you call around to find a repair shop that does liquid damage treatment , try to make sure they use something called EC cleaning solution and a sweeping frequency ultrasonic cleaner . Low-rent shops will use isopropyl and a jewelry cleaner because it 's cheaper , but it is n't as good for your phone or the repair itself .
An ultrasonic cleaner vibrates at the resonant frequency of the components that it is cleaning . Since that is going to be different for different parts of different phones , the cleaner needs to be able to adjust to your particular device . A jewelry cleaner will work in a pinch but it 's like putting a quarter in the vibrating hotel bed and claiming it feels like a real massage .
You want a repair shop that has the tools and equipment to actually treat your problem . Make sure to take your device to them as soon as humanly possible .
Reinfried : Wow . There is a TON of helpful information here . Thank you so much !
Sam : Not a problem at all , I 'm happy to help . And if anyone has further questions about phone repair , I 'd love to answer any of them .
Reinfried : You 're awesome !
Sam : Aw , shucks .
Lessons Learned
Before your event , make sure EVERYTHING works . Your phone , your Square or PayPal reader , even the latch on your cash box if you have one . Have backups . Do n't do what I did and only have one way of taking credit card payments . Have access to a working phone , laptop , and tablet if possible in case one fails the day of your sale . Test your card reader before the event . They have the ability to charge a single dollar , so just swipe your card to ensure it works . Have a friend or family member present at your event . Not only are books heavy , but they , too , no doubt have a phone or tablet you could use if yours goes down mid-sale . Know a phone tech . This helps . 😛
In this lesson I will teach you some tips which will help you learn bar chords . If you do n't already know bar chords , this tip will be a huge benefit for you . Again , by knowing all the notes along the low E string and A string , it is crucial for this lesson . I have the two strings and all notes listed along the lowest two strings below .
Lets begin with some understanding about where bar chords got its name . It is called bar ( or barre ) because when you play the chord , you take your index finger and bar it across a fret . Your finger will take the place of the nut on the guitar . The nut is what marks the end of the guitar directly above the first fret .
Knowing all the notes on the E and A string with the knowledge of how to play a BAR chord will give you the ability to play any chord .
I explain the basics of bar chords by first explaining the different forms of the E and A chord . To refresh your memory of the A and E chords , I put them below .
In the pictures I uploaded of the E and A chord , you see fingerings next to the notes . Those are not the correct fingerings when making bar chords . Since your index finger is occupied , you must make the forms with just your middle , ring and pinky finger . I will show you how to adjust your fingers in the video . You 're going to want to use the E form for the sixth string and the A form for the fifth string .
There are some issues you might encounter when first learning how to play bar chords . One of the issues is strength . I never see new guitarists with the strength to hit every note clearly with their index finger . To master this you have to just keep practicing the bar chords and eventually you will have enough strength to hit every note clearly . Once you finally have the strength to hit the chords , you might find that bar chords draw a lot of fatigue to your wrist . This is another issue you can resolve with practice . You will also need to break the habit of using your index finger in chord formations . Your index finger is always going to play as the rut so you will need to relearn chord formations with your three other fingers you use ( Sometimes even your thumb ! ) .
If you have any questions on bar chords , make sure you leave a comment so I can explain in greater detail .
Weekly Challenge
Learn the RIFF of the week and SOLO of the week
The weekly riff I challenge you to learn is Kryptonite by 3 doors down .
____________________________
The weekly solo I challenge you to learn is Fire and Rain by James Taylor
____________________________
I hope my tip will help improve your playing and if you want more tricks and tips you can SUBSCRIBE in the upper-right hand corner .
Leave comment below if you have any questions or requests of tutorials , riffs , or solos .
– Josh Yager
Advertisements
Sir Mark and other ambassadors declined to speculate on what appeared to be a rapidly changing picture on the ground in Syria , where activist groups said more than 300 people died in clashes on Thursday and at least 140 on Friday and the United Nations refugee agency reported an enormous surge of people fleeing the country .
Refugee officials in Geneva reported a conspicuous increase in cars departing Damascus , the capital , which had been relatively insulated from the insurgency against Mr. Assad until this week , when rebels of the Free Syrian Army took the fight to neighborhoods in earshot of the presidential palace .
Photo
Then , in the most potent strike on the government since the uprising began , a bomb attack killed three of Mr. Assad 's top security officials on Wednesday at one of the government 's most secure locations in the capital . A fourth victim , Lt. Gen. Hisham Ikhtiar , the head of National Security , one of the government 's intelligence agencies , died of his wounds on Friday , Syria 's state television announced .
The public funeral for the first three victims , including Asef Shawkat , President Assad 's brother-in-law and a long-feared security chief , was held Friday in a military ceremony on Qassioun Mountain , overlooking Damascus , state television said . The two top figures officiating were Farouk al-Sharaa , a vice president largely kept out of view since he was singled out by outside powers last year as a possible transitional leader , and Gen. Fahd Jassem al-Freij , who was named minister of defense on Wednesday , immediately after his predecessor died in the bombing .
Mr. Assad and his brother , Maher , the commander of the country 's most elite military forces , did not attend .
The Security Council 's unanimity on extending the monitor mission contrasted with the acrimonious discord in the Council chambers the day before , when Russia and China vetoed a Western-backed British resolution that would have threatened Mr. Assad 's government with economic sanctions under Chapter 7 of the United Nations Charter if he did not comply with the peace plan .
Russia and China have consistently opposed invoking Chapter 7 , which can also authorize military intervention to enforce the Council 's will , as an unwarranted intrusion into Syria 's domestic affairs . Western diplomats expressed outrage at the veto and accused Russia and China of protecting Mr. Assad despite his government 's record of brutality .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Russians and Chinese countered that acts of brutality have been committed by both sides . Russia 's United Nations ambassador , Vitaly I. Churkin , further accused Western nations of concealing what he called their true motive : deposing Mr. Assad in order to deprive Iran of its only remaining Middle East ally .
The Council 's unanimity on Friday barely masked Western anger from the veto 24 hours earlier . Susan E. Rice , the American ambassador , said the Council 's decision to extend the mission for 30 days “ was not the resolution the United States had hoped to adopt in the first instance . ”
Photo
Rather than emphasizing the monitoring mission 's extension as a final opportunity for Mr. Annan 's plan , Ms. Rice described it as a way to allow the monitors “ to withdraw safely. ” Her description did not sit well with Mr. Churkin .
“ I was somewhat surprised to hear Ambassador Rice 's description , ” he told reporters later . “ This is not about withdrawal . ”
But there was no sign that the antagonists in Syria were interested in accepting Mr. Annan 's plan . Iraq was reported to have thrown up blast walls to seal its main border crossing with Syria , Abu Kamal , after rebel forces took control of all four crossings into Iraq and one into Turkey a day earlier .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The government 's accounts of fighting Friday focused on what state television called the valiant rescue of the Midan neighborhood in Damascus from rebel control after days of combat . “ Our heroic forces have completely cleansed the Midan area of the terrorist mercenaries and restored security , ” state television reported , using the government 's standard label for the rebel forces . It broadcast pictures of bodies of rebels lying in blood , flies buzzing around them .
“ We are not ‘ armed gangs or terrorist groups , ' ” said Abu Rami , 25 , one of the rebel fighters abandoning Midan . “ We are a popular armed force and ordinary people support us . If we were not hosted by the people , we could not fight in these districts . ”
In the western Damascus neighborhood of Mezze , opposition activists reported helicopters firing heavy machine guns and tanks shelling buildings . In the northern suburb of Qaboun , Syrian soldiers and shabiha , pro-Assad militiamen , joined in teams to chase Free Syrian Army groups .
“ The soldiers are moving around in tanks and armored vehicles — they can not walk because they fear the Free Syrian Army , ” said Abu Bassam , a 60-year-old resident who accused the government forces of looting after most residents had fled . The electricity had been cut off since Tuesday , he said , and the area bombed repeatedly from helicopters .
“ The F.S.A . controls the land , and the regime 's helicopters own the sky , ” he said .
The clip raging girlfriend from Always ( 1989 ) with John Goodman Happy birthday . I 'm taking a plane . Why ? T ...
The clip raging girlfriend from Always ( 1989 ) with John Goodman Happy birthday . I 'm taking a plane . Why ? This time he 's really done it . Done what ? `` Happy birthday to you '' Take off ! He does n't even understand how I feel ! This time I 'm going to show him . Excuse me , Willy . You magnificent pagan god ! What gives ? she 's showing you . she 's a great girl . she 's great . showing me what ? I did n't know it was her birthday . It 's because you do n't love her like I do . Where did you get that oil on your face ? Where ? It 's here . Look . It 's terrible . Thanks . What do you mean , `` showing me '' ? I do n't like her flying that . Now you 're getting it .
With the release of last week 's Batman # 50 , Scott Snyder and Greg Capullo 's tenure as the creative team behind the Dark Knight 's flagship title has come to an end . It was a run that had some of the biggest , weirdest stories in Batman 's history , uprooting the history of Gotham City , sending Batman 's origin story through an apocalyptic disaster ruled over by the Riddler , and pitting Batman against an entire city full of Jokerized Gothamites . And , of course , it also gave us some pretty great covers from Capullo , Danny Miki and FCO Plascencia .
But if you ever looked at those covers and thought `` Huh , I wonder what that would 've looked like if it happened on Batman : The Animated Series , '' a thought I have about literally everything I see , then artist Rick Celis has your answer .
Starting back in February , Celis has begun redrawing the covers for the entire run in the Bruce Timm /DC Animated Universe style , and they 're fantastic . Check out a few of our favorites , side by side with the originals , below !
When he began the project , Celis included a note to Capullo with the first cover : `` I 'm sorry if I ruined your masterpiece ... this is may way of saying ‘ I love your work . ' ” As for whether the apology is necessary , you 'd have to ask Capullo about that , but I personally think that love comes through in each cover -- - I 'm particularly fond of how he made sure to match the colors for the logos throughout the run .
My favorite thing , though , is Celis 's recreation of the Superheavy arc , where he keeps Animated Jim Gordon 's ridiculously massive chin in place as he replaces Bruce Wayne in the role .
To see the whole set ( and see them all at a larger size ) , check out Celis on Twitter and Tumblr !
This week , NFL lawyers sent a letter to The New York Times demanding that the Times 's recent investigation into the league 's bogus concussion studies be retracted . It was so limp that it demanded a proper takedown . Thankfully , the Times was happy to oblige , via a response letter from their own lawyers .
You can read the full letter here , but here are the highlights :
As you know , The Times has a policy of correcting factual errors as promptly as possible . I have reviewed your letter with our editors and reporters , and nowhere does your letter identify any factual error that we have made in our reporting on the ties between the NFL and the tobacco industry . The crux of the letter is the NFL 's complaint that the connections identified by the Article between the NFL and the tobacco industry were not “ meaningful. ” Obviously , that is an opinion , not a fact .
We 're off to a good start . The “ Ummmmmm , do you even know the difference between a fact and an opinion ? ? ? ” burn has ended many message-board beefs , and it 's a good , solid opening salvo . Moving on :
As for the Articles ' reporting on the concussion studies , the letter confirms the overarching point that the Article made : The league 's research was deeply flawed and incomplete . The letter bizarrely quibbles not over whether the research was valid ( we all agree that it was not ) or whether the NFL defended the research for years ( we all agree that it did ) but whether the NFL continued to “ stand by ” the research .
Advertisement
Translation : “ Lol , good job owning yourself while trying to own us. ” That 's a good one , but let 's see if the Times can kick it up a notch :
Little needs to be said about the letter 's second criticism of the reporting on the data . The criticism is premised on a falsehood : that the Article alleged that the NFL “ intentionally concealed concussion data. ” It said nothing of the sort .
The NFL 's on the ropes ! Go for the knockout :
While your earlier letter to The Times called the tobacco industry “ perhaps the most odious industry in America history , ” you somehow fail to mention in either letter that it was your firm that represented Phillip Morris in that RICO case .
Advertisement
* Italian chef kissing his fingers gesture *
In a world where cord cutting and streaming services have blurred the picture for the pay-TV industry , Matt Strauss , Comcast 's top video executive , believes the key to keeping customers hooked up may come down to just one word : bundles .
Bundling everything from video and high-speed internet to a forthcoming wireless phone network offers a better value and experience than stand-alone services , Strauss said . And it makes cable giant Comcast more than a pay-TV provider .
`` We do n't see ourselves as a cable company , '' Strauss said . `` We see ourselves as a technology and communication-entertainment company , much more in the consideration set of Apple and Google than more of the traditional cable and satellite providers . ''
Nancy Stone / Chicago Tribune Matt Strauss , Comcast 's executive vice president and general manager of video and entertainment services , speaks to students at Columbia College in Chicago on April 13 , 2017 . Matt Strauss , Comcast 's executive vice president and general manager of video and entertainment services , speaks to students at Columbia College in Chicago on April 13 , 2017 . ( Nancy Stone / Chicago Tribune )
The strategy may already be paying dividends .
Pay-TV providers , including cable and satellite , lost a record 762,000 subscribers in the first quarter of 2017 — five times as many as the same period last year , according to research firm MoffettNathanson . Meanwhile , over-the-top streaming services such as Dish Network 's Sling TV and DirecTV Now together added more than 300,000 subscribers .
Comcast bucked the trend , adding 42,000 pay-TV subscribers in the first quarter , bolstering Strauss ' enthusiasm for the power of bundling .
Strauss , 45 , joined the senior management team at Comcast in 2004 , working his way up to executive vice president and general manager of video and entertainment services three years ago . He previously worked at Rainbow Media and ABC .
The following interview has been edited for length and clarity .
Q : With so many people cutting the cord , has pay TV lost its mojo with viewers ?
A : The paradox of all of this is there 's probably no better time to be alive if you love television . There 's more high-quality television , more original television , that 's available now than in the history of television . Cable networks who had relied on syndication now are investing heavily in originals . And then you 've got also originals coming from over-the-top services like Netflix and Amazon and Hulu in addition to the traditional ( premium channels ) .
Q : Who is the typical cord cutter ?
A : There 's always been a segment of the population — it 's been between 15 ( percent ) and 20 percent of all TV households — who 've never subscribed to pay TV . They have n't subscribed to pay TV for a variety of reasons . It could be they ca n't afford ( it ) , they do n't really need it . In some cases , they do n't qualify for it because of credit issues .
A lot of what you 're seeing in the market , whether it 's Sling or DirecTV Now or YouTube , in many ways they 're catering to that segment . That 's not a bad thing . It 's just another example of how the technology is allowing products to be really targeted .
Q : A lot of people say cable is too expensive . They want internet and perhaps a low-cost streaming video service — not necessarily from the same provider . What is your argument against that ?
A : Independently , you can always take high-speed data or video , but I think when you take them together , not only are you going to get the best services , but you 're going to get the best value . I think what some people may realize , at least when it comes to skinny bundles , is you may ultimately find that you 're paying more and getting less . That 's a dynamic that will reveal itself over time .
Q : Millennials seem to be leading the cord-cutting revolution . Are they simply not into TV as much as their baby boomer parents ?
A : One of the misnomers that I think a lot of people have is that millennials do n't watch TV . It 's actually wrong . Millennials watch a lot of TV . They just watch TV differently .
A millennial very much consumes sports , very much consumes broadcast television , very much consumes premium channels like HBO and Showtime . They just want to access it differently , and they want to have it in an economic model that is more affordable for them .
Q : With so many people watching video on smartphones , computers and tablets , what exactly is a TV these days ?
A : To me , a television is a piece of glass . Any piece of glass that can render video securely is a TV . When you look at it through that lens , you start to see the world differently around the all the different types of applications and places that you can now make video available . But television is still where most people consume the majority of their video .
Q : Does Comcast offer a skinny bundle , a lower-cost package of channels ?
A : Later this year , we 're going to be launching another product called Xfinity Instant TV . You do n't even need a set-top box . If you take our high-speed data , you 'll be able to download the Xfinity Stream app starting at about $ 15 ( per month ) and access broadcast ( channels ) and get a cloud DVR and access to a premium channel . Then if you want to add on top of that , skinny packages like a sports and news pack or kids and family pack or a TV and entertainment pack , you 'll have the ability to do that .
Q : When is Comcast going to come out with a stand-alone , over-the-top streaming service like Sling TV or DirecTV Now ?
A : `` Over-the-top '' typically means you 're delivering video on a national basis . We are not focused on delivering a national over-the-top service . We 're very focused on delivering products and services within the markets that we serve today , like Chicago .
The reason for that is we think the real value is in the bundle , in our ability to deliver high-speed data , video , voice , home security , home automation . So it 's the bundling of those products and services that we think is a real differentiator , and it 's also where we think we can provide the most value to our customers .
Q : Comcast does n't have the best reputation when it comes to customer service . How do you overcome that ?
A : What we 're finding is that when you 're honest with your customers , when you really demonstrate making an effort to make it better and do right by your customers , people will give you another chance . People generally respect that , and I think that level of transparency is something that we are aspiring to do and improve upon .
Man , $ 17.9 million just does n't get you what it used to .
Rudy Gay , Toronto 's highest-paid player by an enormous margin , has had about as bad a start to the 2013-14 season as anyone could have imagined . He 's shooting below 35 % from the field , he 's turning the ball over at a rate well above his career norms and he is easily lagging his fellow starters in plus-minus stats . As DeMar DeRozan continues to look more and more comfortable leading the Raptors on the wings , Gay looks increasingly like he is unsure of how he is supposed to help his team win , which is a problem when he is cashing a cheque that takes up thirty-percent of the team 's salary cap .
Throughout his career in Memphis , Gay acted as the primary offensive force on the wing because he was often by far the club 's most talented option . The Grizzlies were so confident in his ability to hold down their wing scoring , in fact , they paired him with a virtual non-entity on offence , Tony Allen , when they made their biggest push for respectability as a franchise . Gay was given a very long leash to play with and he made full use of that freedom by leading his team in field goal attempts in every year but one .
Things are different in Toronto , though . For the first time in his career , Gay is starting alongside a wing that is not only in his stratosphere as a scorer , but through three games is actually handily surpassing him as a scoring option for the Raptors . When Gay arrived in Toronto , he called DeRozan “ by far the best wing I 've ever played with , ” a sentiment that has proven more true than Gay probably intended at the time as the Raptors are now having trouble adjusting to the reality that it is DeRozan , and not Gay , that needs to be anchoring their offensive attack .
While DeRozan is leading the Raptors in raw field goal attempts per game , it is Gay that leads the team in shots per 36 minutes , and on the season he has only taken one shot fewer than DeRozan despite shooting 12 % worse than him from the field . Put another way , the only reason that Gay is not leading the Raptors in field goal attempts per game is because he is playing 3.3 fewer minutes per game than DeRozan is . If their minutes were equalized , Gay would be leading the team in shots and exemplifying one of the biggest on-court problems facing the Raptors after one week of play : that this team 's offence is kind of broken .
So , all of this means that Gay is a major problem and his exodus can not come quick enough , right ? Well , not so fast , cowboy .
Look , Gay has had a bad start to the year , there is no way of getting around that . He takes seven pull-up jumpers per game ( suggesting his shot selection has n't improved since that puts him at 24th in the NBA ) , he 's turning it over on 15.7 percent of his possessions and the team is allowing 5.7 points per 100 possessions over their average when he is on the court . Also , did I mention that 32.7 % field goal percentage ? Because that 's not good , either .
However , the devil is in the details here , the key one being that Gay is not going to shoot 32.7 % from the floor for the rest of the year . This is a career 45 % shooter , so those numbers will normalize as the season wears on . Right now he is pressing and you can see it every time he touches the ball . This slump is already in his head and it is messing with his play . Now that does n't justify plays like the one he made in the Milwaukee game where he passed on an open three to take a dribble inside the arc to fire up a ( missed ) long-two . Nor does it excuse his lazy behind-the-back pass to Amir Johnson , who was n't looking for the ball , that wound up being another in a long line of turnovers . It does , however , at least begin to sprinkle some context onto why Gay is making so many bone-headed plays when he gets the ball in his hands . He 's thinking and not reacting and there is no worse place for an NBA player to be than in that particular headspace .
There 's a simple solution , though , right ? Stop taking all of those jumpers and get to the paint . Well , Gay has actually been very good about getting into the paint . In fact , he 's actually taken 40 % of all of his shots at the rim ( 22 of 55 FGAs ) . He 's also averaging 5.7 free throw attempts per game , second only to Kyle Lowry 's 7.3 . He 's not hitting his paint shots as well as he needs to ( 40.9 % ) , but at least he 's trying to get himself high-percentage shots at a time when his jumper is clearly not agreeing with him .
For what it 's worth , he 's taken a far greater percentage of his shots at the rim than DeMar DeRozan has ( 26.8 % of his attempts have been at the rim ) , and takes one less pull-up jumper per game than DeRozan . Before you think that DeRozan is justified in taking those pull-up jumpers because he 's making them at a far greater rate than Gay is right now , know that DeRozan is only leading Gay by 0.5 % in eFG % on pull-up jumpers ( thanks for the new player tracking stats , nba.com ! )
Then there are the 15 rebounds that Gay pulled down against the Bucks on Saturday . Gay made a somewhat self-serving acknowledgement that he 'd need to find other ways to help his team out if his shot is n't falling after the club 's loss to Atlanta ( that 's a canned sound bite if ever there was one ) , yet true to his word he attacked the glass with ferocity twenty-four hours later . One of the biggest reasons the Raptors were able to hold off the Bucks in that game was their 60-38 rebounding advantage , and no player on the Raptors had a bigger rebounding impact than Gay .
All of this is a roundabout way of saying that while Gay is struggling to find his niche playing alongside a wing that may have surpassed him in ability ( or at least efficiency ) this summer , at least he is trying to find out how he has to augment his game to accommodate .
This is probably good for Gay .
Dwane Casey could afford to take Gay out for a couple of minutes in the fourth quarter on Saturday because they did n't need him to be the club 's offensive catalyst in a close game . Gay does n't have free reign like he had for so long in Memphis . The Raptors do n't need him in the same way that Memphis believed they did for so many years . Do n't misunderstand , the Raptors need an effective Gay as presently constructed if they want to consistently win games , but they do n't need him to dominate scoring on the wings to have a chance at winning . For the first time Gay has to grow as a player to be afforded the kind of role he has grown accustomed to after seven NBA seasons .
At this point it 's an open secret that Masai Ujiri would trade Gay if he got a whiff of what he considered to be a palatable deal . Gay simply makes too much money to not seriously entertain any and all offers that come the team 's way . Whether the Raptors trade him or not , though , Gay making strides to reimagine his game can only help their cause going forward , which in a way opens up the possibility that Gay 's early-season struggles could actually be a boon for him and the Raptors if he learns from it in the right way .
He may never be worth the $ 17.9 million he 's gon na make this year , but maybe an early-season reality check can force him to get a little closer to justifying it than he may have otherwise if he 'd performed at his typical NBA standard .
( PAN EUROPEAN NETWORKS ) ( Photo by Russian Helicopters ) – Lt. Gen. Tibor Benkő , the chief of Hungary 's General Staff of the Armed Forces , has unveiled plans to acquire three transport aircraft and a further three planes .
The planned procurements are part of the country 's Zrinyi 2026 military development programme . Hungarian Defence Minister István Simicskó said that , under the 10-year programme , the ministry is also planning to purchase an unspecified number of helicopters for the Hungarian military , MTI reported .
Currently , the country 's military depends on Soviet-designed aircraft for its transport capability . The acquisitions would allow the Hungarian Air Force to replace its Antonov An-26 planes with new aircraft .
The value of the planned procurements was not disclosed by the Hungarian ministry .
With the helo acquisition in the pipeline , Budapest is making efforts to maintain the operational capacities of its copter fleet . Last October , Hungary 's Defence Ministry signed a deal with Russian Helicopters to overhaul its 12 Mil Mi-24 combat helos .
Two months prior , the state-owned group completed the overhaul of four of Hungary 's Mil Mi-17 transport copters under a contract awarded a year earlier for a total of 3.9bn forints ( ~€12.4m ) .
The Summer Olympics , since 1960 , has provided a global forum for a whole host of important social issues and struggles . The great Muhammad Ali , at the age of 18 , threw his boxing gold medal into a river near his home of Louisville , Ky. , to protest U.S. racism in the aftermath of the 1960 Rome Olympics .
Only 10 days before the 1968 Olympics opened in Mexico City , a student-led protest against government repression at the city 's Plaza de las Tres Culturas was attacked by government forces , resulting in the Tlatelolco Massacre , during which hundreds of unarmed civilians were killed .
At the same games , African-American gold and bronze medal winners , Tommie Smith and John Carlos , raised their fists in defiance as the U.S. national anthem was played during their medal ceremony . Their electrifying gesture was a clear statement of protest against racial discrimination in the U.S .
Following this heroic act , former International Olympic Committee President Avery Brundage banned Smith and Carlos from the games . This is the same Brundage who had defended the Nazi salute at the 1936 Olympic Games in Berlin .
At the 1972 Munich Olympics , Palestinians took Israeli athletes hostage to help bring world attention to the Palestinians ' plight as a dispossessed people , oppressed by the U.S.-backed Zionist state .
The Olympics have also been used as a reactionary platform to push forth a rewrite of history in the interests of imperialist domination . Anti-China bashing has been a common thread throughout the current games in London . The accusation that members of the U.S. Olympic Committee and the imperialist media have made most often against Chinese athletes is that they are doping , though no scientific evidence of any sort has been presented to back this charge . It 's the most blatant example , but there are others .
Grenadian wins race
On Aug. 6 , Kirani James made history when he won the 400 meter track and field race , becoming the first runner to win a medal for the small island nation of Grenada . NBC exploited this glorious moment as a pretext to spread the lie that the U.S. had “ liberated ” the once-British colonial possession from a “ Communist ” invasion . There was no such invasion , only some Cuban construction workers helping to build an airport there in 1983 .
From 1979 until 1983 , Grenada was governed by Prime Minister Maurice Bishop , a leader of the anti-imperialist New Jewel Movement , which established fraternal ties with socialist Cuba . Under this movement , Grenada 's impoverished masses , including women , were making important social gains .
The New Jewel Movement was inspiring to Black and other oppressed peoples as well as workers and the left worldwide , including in the U.S . The charismatic Bishop , the movement 's main spokesperson , increased its reach . The Ronald Reagan administration began taking steps to counter the growing influence of the Grenadian revolution .
Tragically , a violent internal struggle developed within the New Jewel Movement , resulting in the executions of Bishop and other government officials on Oct. 19 , 1983 .
The crumbling of the New Jewel Movement gave a big opening for Reagan and the Pentagon to intervene militarily in Grenada on Oct. 25 . Washington used two false , really absurd pretexts for sending 7,300 troops from the U.S. Army 's Rapid Deployment Force there for an invasion : that the new airport would become a “ Soviet military base ” and that the internal struggle in Grenada threatened the lives of U.S. students at a medical school there .
The Cubans at the airport were workers , not soldiers . But they were armed and revolutionary , and fought the invaders . At least 24 Cubans died alongside their Grenadian comrades defending the airport against the overwhelming Yankee invasion . U.S. forces also bombed civilian targets , including a psychiatric hospital .
Much of the world , through protest and other means , condemned the U.S. invasion as a gross violation of international law by the largest imperialist power against an island nation of 91,000 people with an area slightly less than the city of Detroit . This is the real truth that NBC refused to tell on Aug. 8 .
In 2009 , the same airport was inaugurated as the Maurice Bishop International Airport , exhibiting the Grenadian masses ' wish to preserve this revolutionary leader 's legacy over two decades later . Read more from the pages of WW at tinyurl.com/8ceq6x7 .
Researchers studied an immune molecule in chickens Scientists have turned to chickens to help them understand why some people are struck down by severe allergies . The birds have a `` fossilised '' version of the key molecule responsible for severe allergic reactions in humans . King 's College London researchers say their findings , published in the Journal of Biological Chemistry , could guide the hunt for future treatments . Experts said the work offered `` exciting new avenues '' for research into preventing allergies developing . This molecule is like a living fossil - finding out that it has an ancient past is like turning up a coelacanth in your garden pond
Dr Alex Taylor
King 's College London The molecule in birds , called IgY , appears to be an ancient forerunner of a similar human molecule called IgE - one of the culprits when the immune system goes into overdrive during asthma attacks or anaphylactic shock . The King 's team are trying to find out why IgE causes a problem , while IgY does not . Dr Alex Taylor , one of the researchers , said : `` This molecule is like a living fossil - finding out that it has an ancient past is like turning up a coelacanth in your garden pond . `` By studying it , we can track the evolution of allergic reactions back to at least 160m years ago . '' His colleague Dr Rosy Calvert said : `` We know that part of the problem with IgE in humans is that it binds extremely tightly to white blood cells causing an over-reaction of the immune system and so we wanted to find out whether IgY does the same thing . '' Their lab tests revealed that it did not bind in the same way , and a more detailed comparison could reveal subtle differences which explain why , and perhaps provide targets for new drugs or treatments . 'Stopped before they start ' Dr Brian Sutton , who runs the laboratory where the work is being completed , suggested that IgE evolved specifically in mammals perhaps to counter a particular bacterial threat in the past . `` The problem is that now we 've ended up with an antibody that can tend to be a little over enthusiastic and causes us problems with apparently innocuous substances like pollen and peanuts , which can cause life-threatening allergic conditions . '' John Collard , Allergy UK 's clinical director , said that the find opened `` exciting new avenues '' of possible treatments , even though they would not be available within the next few years . He said : `` If we could find a way to unbind IgE from white blood cells , then a lot of these allergic reactions could be stopped before they start . `` Current treatments are aimed at dealing with something that has already happened , which means they tend to be less effective than if you could stop something at an earlier stage . ''
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ?
The controversial director says his distributor is demanding a re-cut of racy 'Welcome to New York '
More than a year ago in Cannes , IFC Films picked up rights to Abel Ferrara 's Welcome to New York — a retelling of the downfall of former IMF head Dominique Strauss-Kahn starring Gerard Depardieu . But now the controversial director known for such sexually explicit films as Bad Lieutenant is speaking out against his distributor , accusing executives of trying to compromise his film .
Ferrara is bristling at a letter he says he received from IFC senior vp Arianna Bocco telling the filmmaker to deliver an R-rated version of Welcome so that it could match the version to be released on Showtime during its pay TV window . The film , which screened in Cannes in May , is currently beyond the R-rated threshold ( The Hollywood Reporter 's review described it as a cross `` between performance piece and soft-core porn '' ) .
For Ferrara , there 's no backing down . `` Welcome to New York is not being distributed in the U.S. because of this company , IFC , which I 'm totally disgusted with , '' Ferrara tells THR in Venice , where he 's promoting his latest film , Pasolini , a biopic of Italian filmmaker , poet and novelist Pier Paolo Pasolini . `` They knew from day one when they bought this film that they had the final version and that it was n't going to be changed . ''
But sources say sales agent Wild Bunch , which sold the film to IFC based on a 10-minute trailer , is contractually obligated to deliver an R-rated cut .
Ferrara , 63 , who 'll be in Toronto for the Sept. 8 screening of Pasolini , sees the issue as indicative of a larger problem facing independent filmmakers . `` I 've f—ing had it with this corporate assault on the artists and the freedom of the artist , period . It 's like a war against movies , '' he says . `` Because 90 percent of the marketplace is owned by five guys masquerading as corporations . They 're vultures and they 're vampires , and they 're trying to suck the blood out of the life of the filmmaking community . ''
IFC Films is owned and operated by AMC Networks .
`` F— them and f— IFC and the Center . Any filmmaker that 's worth anything should go and burn that theater down , '' he continued , referencing the New York cinema owned by IFC , which has been home to many of his works in the past .
`` And as for my brother and sister filmmakers , do n't roll over to these punks , '' he continued . `` And do n't let Arianna Bocco and [ Sundance Selects/IFC Films president ] Jonathan Sehring and the other thousand just like them come on as big friends of the independent film community . They do n't give a shit about movies or the people that make them . ''
IFC would n't address Ferrara 's accusations directly . But Sehring says IFC still plans to bring the film to the big screen despite the filmmaker 's criticism . `` We have been fans of Abel Ferrara for years and think he is an incredible filmmaker , '' Sehring said . `` We supported his work on this particular film over several years in the production process and plan to release this riveting film early next year for U.S . audiences . ''
But Ferrara sees parallels between his own struggle and his latest subject , Pasolini . `` If there 's anything to learn from Pasolini , it 's that he died for his films , man , '' says Ferrara . `` To re-cut these films is to destroy them . And to not give back to the film community is to destroy it . ''
An Emory University study has confirmed what many people have long purported : Football fans — and especially the ones rooting for the New England Patriots , Pittsburgh Steelers or Oakland Raiders — are an unstable group .
Marketing professors Michael Lewis and Manish Tripathi devised an algorithm and analyzed data to try to figure out how various fan bases deal with losses , and their study found that fans of the Raiders , Steelers and Patriots do not cope well . Researchers turned to Twitter to track fan responses to games , using their algorithm to label tweets as positive or negative and then trace the swing of emotions , according to the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette .
Some of the fan bases that responded the most negatively after losses were also the most positive after wins , giving them a high ranking on the study 's list of “ unstable ” franchises . For example , tweets from Steelers fans were 79.6 percent positive following wins in 2012 , but just 33.1 percent of tweets were positive following a loss . That 46.5 percent gap made the Steelers the second most unstable fan base , following the Raiders ' 47 percent margin .
In contrast , the gap for Dallas Cowboys fans was just 4.8 percent . That made them the most “ stable ” fans , followed by the Colts , Eagles , Texans and Falcons , who perhaps have reduced expectations .
The Patriots ranked third on both the list of unstable fan bases and saddest fan bases after a loss . They did not make the happiest fan base list , which was led by the Saints ( 92.1 percent positive tweets after a win ) , Browns , Raiders , Seahawks and Bears .
Photo via Twitter/ @ BGlobeSports
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place .
“ Bart After Dark ” ( originally aired 11/24/1996 )
In which you 're going to hear a lot of crazy talk about Bart working in a burlesque house…
Advertisement
“ A noble spirit embiggens the smallest man ” might be the official motto of Springfield , but the town 's true credo is delivered by Seymour Skinner late in “ Bart After Dark ” : “ Ah , there 's no justice like angry mob justice. ” By its eighth season , The Simpsons was arguably running low on reasons for turning the citizens of Springfield into a giant , roaming amoeba of vindictive rage , but “ Bart After Dark ” finds one nonetheless : moral outrage directed at the local burlesque house . La Maison Derrière , run by the genteel Belle ( Tress MacNeille , in one of her finest one-off Simpsons roles ) , has been a secret lynchpin of the community for decades . Marge Simpson should be someone who recognizes the importance of pins and the massive structures they hold aloft—even in the midst of an oil-spill clean-up effort—but her concern for her son 's ( already tainted ) innocence gets the best of her here .
In a perfectly Simpsons treatment , protest of La Maison Derrière is first raised by a group : Springfield 's own soldiers on the front line of the culture wars , the Lovejoys and the Flanders . Later , goofy groupthink derails a town hall meeting , during which Marge 's euphemisms for the burlesque house lead attendees to think she 's talking specifically about the building , not what happens inside of the building . ( “ The house is perfectly fine ! ” Marge declares , before popular opinion swings wildly in a new direction : “ Well then quit bad-mouthing the house ! ” ) Such is the fear of individual opinion that the most powerful tool of rhetoric in this universe is one that requires unison vocalization : A song .
And what a song it is : “ We Put The ‘ Spring ' In ‘ Springfield ' ” proves to be more persuasive than even “ The Monorail Song , ” eventually uniting a different body of surly voices—the Television Academy—in 1997 . The Emmy winner for Outstanding Music and Lyrics ( the first victory in the category for Simpsons composer Alf Clausen ) , “ We Put The ‘ Spring ' In ‘ Springfield ' ” is a classic musical move , putting ample wit and ingenious rhymes ( “ To shut them down would be twisted / We just heard this place existed ” ) in the service of that great Broadway device : innuendo . It 's an homage to the episode 's theatrical inspiration ( The Best Little Whorehouse In Texas ) , one that requires contributions from the whole town . Like La Maison Derrière , it unites all of Springfield through vaudeville flash and bawdy humor . ( And sound effects . Do n't underestimate the power of the sound effects . )
Considering Belle 's clientele , it 's fitting that “ Bart After Dark ” kicks off with the Simpson men being left to their own devices . There 's symbolic abundance in the episode 's other opening thread , too : Just as it would be impossible for Marge to rid Springfield of all its filth and impropriety , she , Lisa , and Maggie are never going to completely clean those “ thousands upon thousands of rocks. ” ( Cue Marge grumble : “ I have rocks that need washing at home. ” ) But “ Bart After Dark ” is one long cold-open head fake , with a great surprise in store once Bart is ushered into La Maison Derrière . There 's no indication that the “ haunted house ” that claims Milhouse 's scale-model airplane is a house of ill repute in the opening scenes ; the turn has less impact if you 've seen “ Bart After Dark ” multiple times , but it 's still unexpected . ( It also makes it more plausible that such a business could operate undetected by the Marges and Helens and the Neds for so many years . )
Advertisement
The oil spill is a mess that Marge has no control over ; the burlesque house presents Marge with a problem she 's convinced she could solve . “ Bart After Dark ” plays heavily on Marge 's scolding side , her outsized reaction makes sense : While she 's away , her house fills with garbage and her husband wears a grocery bag as pants , she 's in need of a wrong to right . Bart got in trouble in her absence , causing the property damage that led to his new gig as handyman/doorman/fill-in emcee . She tries to make up for that absence , and then some , moving far beyond punishing Bart to putting together an incriminating slideshow and renting a bulldozer .
“ Bart After Dark ” begins as a Simpsons-centric installment , then expertly expands its scope to integrate the entire town . The Maison Derrière is n't merely described as a hub of activity in Springfield—it 's shown to be one , thanks to all of the characters who pass through its halls during Bart 's shifts . The point of the episode and the thrust of its award-winning musical number are driven home in those scenes , where there 's no excessive rowdiness or premium-cable misbehavior , just a bunch of goofy Simpsons guys blowing off steam . It 's a clever point of conflict between two POVs within the Simpson family : Bart sees what actually goes on inside the house , whereas Marge 's body of evidence comprises insinuating photos—made all the more insinuating by the Chief Wiggum double feature . ( “ Hey , c'mon ! You did me twice ! ” )
No one 's proud to be seen at the burlesque house , but “ Bart After Dark ” suggests they should n't be ashamed about it , either . That 's wrapped up nicely in the episode 's best visual gag , in which Abe Simpson walks into the Maison Derrière , hangs up his hat , sees his grandson working the door , and , without breaking stride , reclaims his hat and leaves . There 's so much humor in the fluid direction of the sequence , and Abe underlines a major theme of “ Bart After Dark ” when he sticks his head back into the door : The “ behind closed doors ” aspect of Maison Derrière is what makes its raison d'être seem improper . If they 'd just be upfront about patronizing Belle 's business , as Homer is with Bart 's job there , then the people of Springfield would have no issue giving their regular drink order to their grandchildren .
“ We Put The ‘ Spring ' In Springfield ” is more than a catchy tune and a handful of double entendres—it 's an acknowledgment that , in Springfield as in the real world , it takes all kinds to build a community . Episodes like “ Bart After Dark ” demonstrate the work that 's been put into this fictional citizenry , utilizing characters who would feasibly visit La Maison Derrière as well as those who would object to its existence . Such objections are turned inside out here , as “ outsider ” Belle is proven to have more history with Springfield than Marge ; elsewhere , all attempts to do a good deed backfire ( as with Marge 's bulldozer ) or go unrewarded ( as seen on Baby Seal Beach ) . Doing the “ right ” thing does n't make anyone feel any better in “ Bart After Dark , ” which makes sense : If anyone was to construct a statue of Belle , the motto at her feet would probably be “ If it feels good , do it . ”
Advertisement
Stray observations :
This Week In Simpsons signage :
Advertisement
Hey , it 's 1996 ! : When the TV cuts off Itchy and Scratchy , Bart and Lisa immediately identify the culprit : “ Dad ! V-chip ! V-chip ! ”
When the TV cuts off Itchy and Scratchy , Bart and Lisa immediately identify the culprit : “ Dad ! V-chip ! V-chip ! ” Comedy is specificity , part 2,564 in a continuing Simpsons series : “ I do n't care if he was filling in for Mel Zetz ! ”
Homer gets distracted by Princess Kashmir 's fan dance : “ It 's so tough to be a parent these days , what with all the gangs and the drugs. ” “ Oh yeah , drugs . You got ta have drugs . ”
Marge recognizes that this is not the first time she 's addressed the townfolk on issues like the burlesque : “ I 'm here to share my moral outrage . But this time it 's not about that giant inflatable Dos Equis bottle . ”
Just because you 're an angry mob does n't mean you ca n't be a polite mob : “ Who is it ? ” “ Uh , it 's an angry mob , ma'am . Could you step outside for a twinkle while we knock down your house ? ”
Next week : Dennis Perkins wants to know if he could borrow a feeling . Could you lend him a jar of love , and then read his review of “ A Milhouse Divided ? ”
Democratic presidential contender Bernie Sanders speaking on NBC 's 'Today ' ( Screenshot )
A group of lawmakers is calling on the National Institutes of Health and Department of Health and Human Services to step in and reduce the cost of Medivation Inc 's and Astellas Pharma Inc 's prostate cancer drug Xtandi .
In the letter signed by Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Bernie Sanders and Reps. Lloyd Doggett ( D-Texas ) and Peter Welch ( D-Vt. ) , the lawmakers urged NIH to hold a public hearing to consider overriding the patent on Xtandi to make the drug available at a lower price .
The medication has an average wholesale price in the United States of more than $ 129,000 but is sold in Japan and Sweden for $ 39,000 and in Canada for $ 30,000 , according to the lawmakers ' letter , addressed to HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell and NIH Director Francis Collins .
They noted federal funds supported development of the drug , which was based on research at the University of California , Los Angeles , conducted with taxpayer-supported grants .
“ When Americans pay for research that results in a pharmaceutical , that drug should be available at a reasonable price , ” said Doggett , co-chair of the House Democratic Caucus Prescription Drug Task Force . “ An unaffordable drug is 100 percent ineffective . ”
A spokesman for Astellas said 81 percent of privately insured patients paid $ 25 or less out of pocket per month for the medication in 2015 and 79 percent of Medicare patients paid nothing out of pocket .
For eligible patients who do not have insurance or are underinsured and have an annual adjusted household income of $ 100,000 or less , Astellas provides Xtandi for free , spokesman Tyler Marciniak said .
Of the 20,000 men treated with Xtandi last year , more than 2,000 received the drug for free , he added .
Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers in America , affecting about one in seven men , according to the American Cancer Society .
U.S. lawmakers and presidential candidates have in recent months stepped up criticism of U.S. drug price trends , raising investor concerns that future price cuts could hurt pharmaceutical and biotech companies .
“ The United States government should use every tool available to lower outrageously high prescription drug prices , ” Sanders said . “ NIH has the power to stop this blatant profiteering and put the pharmaceutical industry on notice that the era of charging unconscionable prices must end . ”
Medivation could not be reached for comment .
Spokesmen for the NIH and HHS could not be reached .
Also signing the letter were Sens . Al Franken ( D-Minn. ) , Sheldon Whitehouse ( D-R.I. ) , Amy Klobuchar ( D-Minn. ) , Patrick Leahy ( D-Vt. ) and Elizabeth Warren ( D-Mass . ) , as well as Reps. Elijah Cummings ( D-Md . ) , Jan Schakowsky ( D-Ill. ) , Rosa DeLauro ( D-Conn. ) and Mark Pocan ( D-Wis. ) .
( Reporting by Susan Kelly in Chicago ; Editing by Bernard Orr and Stephen Coates )
The White House has been trying to crack down on patent trolls , and today it 's come out in support of a House bill that would begin to do just that . The bill , Representative Bob Goodlatte 's ( R-VA ) Innovation Act , has passed through the House Judiciary Committee and will be put up to a vote by the entire House of Representatives either this Wednesday or Thursday . Having seen strong , bipartisan support in the Judiciary Committee , the Innovation Act appears to have a shot at passing later this week .
The act could make patent fights cheaper
The Innovation Act aims to make it easier for businesses to fight back against patent trolls , which generally do n't produce any products of their own and instead use patents to sue other companies . Under the act , the relevant patents , products , and demands would all have to be made more clear when a business initiates legal action . It would also make fighting patent lawsuits less expensive and allow defendants that win a case to potentially recover their court costs . A companion bill is currently in the works in the Senate too , which held a Commerce Committee hearing on the matter last month .
The White House is happy to see that many patent reform measures that it recommended back in June have made their way into the Innovation Act , including broader disclosures and measures to make the process less expensive . `` The bill would improve incentives for future innovation while protecting the overall integrity of the patent system , '' the White House writes in a statement . Though the administration has some concerns with the law as written and lists a few possible changes , it appears to broadly support the act 's passage as it currently stands . It 's been a long road toward patent reform , and while some businesses have voiced concern that the Innovation Act will harm intellectual property rights , the measure come after years of pleas for change by those under fire from trolls .
Pin 7 Shares
I 'm currently at the ( Balboa ) Experiment . On one night , we will have a band battle . That means several DJs will battle each other with an half-hour set of the same artist .
While preparing my Harry James set , I found this great live version I would like to share with you today .
Swanee River
This tune at least is far away of being schmaltzy . It does n't have the same quality such as Jesse but it 's a solid tune with a great pumping rhythm section .
From the Circus to the Bandstand
Grown up in a circus family , Harry James was 14 when he won a state music contest in Texas as a trumpeter .
That inspired him to turn professional and begin playing in local bands . In 1935 , he was hired by Ben Pollack . He made his first recordings with the band in September 1936 . Not long after , he was tapped by Benny Goodman , then leading one of the country 's most popular bands , and he began working for Goodman by the end of 1936 .
He rapidly gained notice in the Goodman band , and by December 1937 he had begun to make recordings under his own name for Brunswick Records ( later absorbed by Columbia Records ) .
In early 1939 , he left Goodman and launched his own orchestra . That spring , he heard the then-unknown Frank Sinatra on a radio broadcast and hired him . The band struggled , however , and when the more successful bandleader Tommy Dorsey made Sinatra an offer at the end of 1939 , James did not stand in his way .
Around the same time , he was dropped by Columbia and switched to the tiny Varsity Records label . After two years of difficulties in maintaining his band , James changed musical direction in early 1941 . He added strings and turned to a sweeter , more melodic style , meanwhile re-signing to Columbia Records .
The results were not long in coming . In April 1941 , he first reached the Top Ten with the self-written instrumental “ Music Makers. ” ( His band was sometimes billed as Harry James and His Music Makers . ) A second Top Ten hit , “ Lament to Love , ” featuring Dick Haymes on vocals , followed in August , and late in the year James reached the Top Five with an instrumental treatment of the 1913 song “ You Made Me Love You ( I Did n't Want to Do It ) . ”
This was the record that established him as a star . But with its sweet style and what was frequently described as James ' “ schmaltzy ” trumpet playing , it was also , according to jazz critic Dan Morgenstern ( as quoted in the 1999 biography Trumpet Blues : The Life of Harry James by Peter J. Levinson ) , “ the record that the jazz critics never forgave Harry for recording . ”
Source : allmusic ( follow this link to read the full biography )
Title : Swanee River
Artist : Harry James
Recorded : 1940
Album : New York World 's Fair , 1940 – The Blue Room , Hotel Lincoln , 1941
Tempo : 230 bpm
Dance : Balboa
You can find all the songs of the series also on my Spotify playlist and on 8tracks .
Official hashtag of the series : # djcsotw
What do you think about that recording ? Share your thoughts in the comment section below !
Now Check Out
Manchester United could be facing competition from a very local source in their battle to sign the Barcelona forward Pedro .
According to reports in Spain , Manchester City are considering entering the race to sign the Spanish international , who has been one of United 's primary targets of this summer 's transfer window .
Marca reports that Txiki Begiristain , City 's director of football , has contacted Barça to express an interest in the player and they are now weighing up an official bid .
United remain favourites to sign the player , with the club having prepared a bid of around £22million . There had been suggestions that United would move to complete the deal after Barcelona 's European Super Cup tie with Sevilla in Monaco tonight .
City are not exactly short of attacking options as it stands . They dismantled West Brom 3-0 in their opening game of the Premier League season on Monday , with two goals from Yaya Toure and an exceptional performance from David Silva .
Wilfried Bony impressed up front , while Sergio Aguero - one of the most coveted strikers in club football - did not even make the starting XI , having spent the latter chunk of the summer at the Copa America with Argentina .
Quite where Pedro would fit into that line-up is open to debate , given there seems little chance of City responding positively to noises from Spain that Real Madrid are keen on renewing interest in Aguero , having courted him in the past .
United , however , are much more likely to find room to accommodate Pedro given they have lost Robin van Persie , Radamel Falcao and Angel Di Maria this summer .
• Will the big deals go through this summer ?
No out-and-out strikers have arrived at Old Trafford to replace them , and Louis van Gaal has made adding to his firepower a priority before the end of the transfer window .
A longtime Kelowna lawyer has resigned from the Law Society of British Columbia after he wrote himself into a client 's will , kept money for himself and spent it on personal uses like a shopping trip to Walmart and travel insurance for a trip to Thailand .
In 2014 , lawyer Christopher Penty was tapped to prepare a will for a man who was dying of kidney failure , according to an agreed statement of facts released by the Law Society on Tuesday .
Penty was instructed to deliver all of the money to charity , and not to use the proceeds of the estate for his own purposes .
The lawyer initially suggested that the dying man leave anywhere from one-half to one-third of his estate to the Kelowna Hospice Foundation ( which is now known as the Central Okanagan Hospice Association Foundation ) , for which he was president and a director at the time . He did not disclose these positions to his client .
The pair later decided that only a quarter of the money would be left to the Hospice Foundation . The remaining three-quarters would be left to Penty to donate to charities at his discretion .
The dying man signed the will on Dec. 10 , 2014 , and passed away four days later .
In July 2015 , the estate was left with assets of $ 259,831.15 and liabilities of $ 52,631.23 after renovations on the man 's home that were made in preparation for it to be sold , leaving $ 207,199.93 that could be distributed to charities .
First , Penty wrote a cheque for $ 51,799.98 to the Hospice Foundation . That was one-quarter of his client 's estate .
Then he wrote himself a cheque for $ 155,399.95 — that represented the remaining three quarters of the man 's estate .
Penty deposited the money into one of his own personal savings accounts .
He later opened a new chequing account where he deposited $ 153,931.15 on July 22 , 2015 , according to the Law Society .
Three months after that , Penty opened yet another account , where he deposited $ 95,000 of the estate funds .
He used money from this account for personal use from Oct. 29 , 2015 to Feb. 21 , 2017 , the Law Society 's decision said .
Then , from Nov. 30 , 2015 to Feb. 15 , 2016 , he withdrew $ 16,198.01 from the chequing account for personal use , the Law Society added .
That money was spent as follows :
$ 5,200 to pay a personal loan
$ 4,007.50 cash to make a shareholder loan to Penty and Company , his law firm
A $ 3,700 cheque to Penty and Company as a shareholder loan
A $ 1,976.65 cash withdrawal
An $ 856.97 cash withdrawal
$ 227 worth of travel insurance for a month-long trip to Thailand
$ 129.89 for shopping at Walmart
A $ 100 cash withdrawal
Asked about the use of these funds , the statement of facts quoted Penty as saying , “ Well , this was my , my account , and at the time it seemed , it seemed reasonable and even though I was dealing with the [ client 's ] monies inside this account at the time , I did n't really direct my mind to differentiating between personal and , and , and what was going on in this account .
“ So that 's the best answer I can think of . I really did n't , I did n't really think about it that much . ”
A complaint was made to the Law Society by a former legal assistant who had worked for Penty and Company .
Penty later admitted to four allegations of professional misconduct , the Law Society said in its decision .
They included naming himself as a beneficiary in the will , failing to carry out his client 's instructions and using the money for himself , acting in a conflict of interest and making misrepresentations to the court .
Penty resigned from the Law Society with the permission of its discipline committee ; his resignation was effective as of Sept. 28 .
He ca n't apply to be reinstated by the Law Society until Sept. 28 , 2024 , seven years from now .
Penty also ca n't apply for membership in any other law society without first advising the B.C . Law Society in writing .
His name also ca n't appear on the letterhead of any B.C . lawyer or law firm without the consent of the Law Society 's disciplinary committee .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The federal government is months behind in testing data security for the main pillar of Obamacare : allowing Americans to buy health insurance on state exchanges due to open by October 1
The missed deadlines have pushed the government 's decision on whether information technology security is up to snuff to exactly one day before that crucial date , the Department of Health and Human Services ' inspector general said in a report .
As a result , experts say , the exchanges might open with security flaws or , possibly but less likely , be delayed .
“ They 've removed their margin for error , ” said Deven McGraw , director of the health privacy project at the non-profit Center for Democracy & Technology . “ There is huge pressure to get ( the exchanges ) up and running on time , but if there is a security incident they are done . It would be a complete disaster from a PR viewpoint . ”
The most likely serious security breach would be identity theft , in which a hacker steals the social security numbers and other information people provide when signing up for insurance .
The inspector general 's report , released without fanfare last Friday , found that the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services or CMS - the agency within HHS that is running Obamacare - had set a May 13 deadline for its contractor to deliver a plan to test the security of the crucial information technology component .
A test was to have been performed between June 3 and 7 . But the delivery deadline slipped and the test - assessing firewalls and other security elements - is now set for this week and next .
“ CMS , ” concludes the inspector general 's report , “ is working with very tight deadlines . ”
The delays mean that the ruling by CMS 's chief information officer certifying the Obamacare IT system as secure will be pushed back from September 4 to September 30 , a day before enrollment under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , the law that established Obamacare , is supposed to start .
“ Several critical tasks remain to be completed in a short period of time , ” the report concluded .
Any additional delays could mean CMS would not have the information it needs to authorize use of the system by October 1 , the inspector general found .
CMS spokesman Brian Cook said the agency is confident the Obamacare exchanges will open on time . “ We are on schedule and will be ready for the marketplaces to open on October 1 , ” he said .
IDENTITY THEFT ?
When people try to enroll in health insurance starting on October 1 for insurance plans taking effect in 2014 , their identity , income and other information they furnish with their application will be funneled through a federal “ data hub . ”
The hub is like a traffic circle for data . It does not itself store information , but instead has digital spokes connecting to the Internal Revenue Service and other agencies that will allow it to verify information people provide . Opponents of Obamacare have repeatedly raised concerns that sensitive personal information could be stolen .
Before the hub or any other federal information system can open , a 2002 law requires that it obtain a “ security authorization package , ” which is essentially the roadmap for keeping out hackers and preventing security breaches .
The first component of the package provides an overview of the system 's security requirements and describes the controls the contractor has installed . It covers access controls and authentication , for instance , so that hackers can not ping the hub and access IRS data .
A second component is a risk assessment that identifies vulnerabilities and determines the probability of a data breach .
The final component is an assessment by an independent testing organization that proper security controls have been implemented correctly , are operating as intended , and are meeting security requirements .
“ CMS has extensive experience building and operating information technology systems that handle sensitive data ” as a result of its experience with Medicare and Medicaid , the agency said in a statement .
Despite the tight IT deadlines Obamacare faces , the 2002 federal law on information security might provide an important loophole . The requirement that CMS 's chief information officer make a “ security authorization ” decision does not mean the CIO has to conclude that the data hub is impregnable . He can decide that , despite identified security risks , the hub can operate .
Health privacy expert McGraw said “ the worst case scenario ” of not meeting the IT security deadline is that the government will not be able to bring the data hub online on October 1 . In that case , people will be able to apply for insurance starting on that date but will not be told if they have been accepted or whether they are eligible for government subsidies to pay their premiums .
Another Duterte defender is headed to Malacañang .
Assistant Secretary Lorraine Badoy is set to leave the Department of Social Welfare and Development ( DSWD ) , and join the Presidential Communications Operations Office ( PCOO ) as undersecretary , according to DSWD officer in charge Emmanuel Leyco .
Leyco said that Badoy had informed him of her move to the PCOO and was now in the process of turning over her responsibilities until the end of the month .
“ I thank Asec . Badoy for her contributions to DSWD and I am confident that she will be able to bring her effectiveness as a communicator to her new assignment as Usec at PCOO , ” he said in a statement .
The PCOO has yet to confirm Badoy 's new assignment . PCOO Secretary Martin Andanar said that he would rather wait for the President to confirm the appointment .
Badoy is one of President Rodrigo Duterte 's rabid defenders . She has been attacking his critics online .
At the PCOO , Badoy will join Assistant Secretary Mocha Uson , another staunch supporter of the President who maintains a strong online presence .
READ NEXT
Fired employee shoots 5 co-workers ; 3 die
Greg Carey made this image and shared it on Twitter , and a lot of people have found it entertaining . And so I thought I would share it on the blog for more people to enjoy . There is actually serious irony to several of the arrows . Climate scientists invading from Alabama ? Evolutionists from Kansas ? I suppose the anti-gay legislation in Arizona might motivate gays to begin an exodus – but why would they head for Texas rather than California ?
Perhaps something similar could be said of all these groups – people who accept mainstream science might have good reason Alabama and Kansas . In which case , perhaps Texas is going to be confronting less of an invasion and more of a refugee crisis .
I just hope they have room for all of them in the tunnel system under their Wal-Marts…
How can you learn positive things from your enemies ?
* First of all , they are brutally honest with you because they have no interest in sugar coating things to remain in your good graces .
* Second , you are important to them ; sometimes even more important than their friends because most of your enemies will value themselves by the amount of envy you have for them .
* Third , there is no person in this world that does n't have something positive to give you .
Now let 's see the 10 teachings :
1.Evaluate yourself by your own standards .
Not everybody likes you no matter how hard you try . Therefore , it is counterproductive to live your life only to please others ; please yourself . Self-esteem is a way of being and not something that you have or do n't have .
2 . Rejection is momentary so do n't carry it with you more than 20 seconds .
Regroup , find a different way of getting what you want and move on . Rejection is not a failure ; it is only a response and when you do n't like the response change the question or the person you are asking .
3 . Accepting people as they are , brings you more happiness and joy than being right .
The need of being and proving that you are right is the end of your positive communication . Knowing how to communicate effectively with your enemies makes you a master communicator with those you love or any other people .
4 . Learn more about how other people see you .
Your enemies are picking on your weakness and fear your strengths . They are like a cartoonist drawing your caricature , emphasizing what is different about you and leaving in the shadows what is common .
Pay attention , knowing how other people see you it is just a tool to make yourself more desirable in society and not the measure of your value and worth .
5 . Being a leader in life starts with leading by example .
People , in general , are good people and have good intentions . However , being good and having good intentions mean nothing if people do n't know how to act and behave to put in practice those positive traits they have . Lead by example ; show people how they can be good , and how to materialize their good intentions .
Enemies or friends , most people given the chance , the opportunity and the knowledge , will choose to be and do good rather than evil .
6 . If the stove burned you once , do n't put your hand on it again .
Trust is a wonderful feeling . Trusting someone gives you pleasure and peace . Do n't deprive yourself of this amazing feeling . When it comes to your enemies , trust them ! Trust that they will do , exactly as they 've done in the past .
7 . Positive thinking .
If you are not born with a positive orientated thinking , then you must learn how to do it , and your enemies are the perfect ground for practice . What this means is that challenging yourself to notice , pay attention and see the positive side of people and things will change your thinking toward positive . What better challenge other than searching for the positive part of your enemies ? !
8 . Improve your power to stay calm .
As in the case of positive thinking , your enemies are the perfect ground to practice your patience and calm . They are your best opportunity not only to practice but also to see the results , to have an objective feedback .
9 . People are changing through time .
How different are you today compared to how you were 5 years ago ? Or 10 years ago ?
We are all evolving . We are keeping the essence of who we are , but we change views , opinions , tastes , friends , enemies .
Allow yourself and others to change . Just because one of your enemies had an opinion that contradicted your values and morals 10 years ago does n't mean that , today , they ca n't hold a different view .
Do you have a friend from preschool insisting that you like apples and not oranges because this is what you 've told him/her back then ? They will stalk you with the apple to your grave even though you detest apples now . How dare you to change your mind ? !
10 . Free yourself from judgment .
Exercising compassion , empathy , understanding , and sympathy for your enemies give you the chances and knowledge of how to treat yourself better , how to apply all these things to yourself and those you love as well .
Now , if you have an enemy with whom you want to stop the animosity , give them a call and say : “ Hello , I want to thank you for the lessons I 've got from you . I wish to you all the best ! ”
______________
Carmen Jacob 's mission is to help people achieve harmony in their personal and professional life . She is the creator of the ultimate guide about “ How to stay focused on your goals “ .
Mugabe , right , formed a power-sharing government with his rival , Tsvangirai , at left , in 2009 [ Reuters ]
Robert Mugabe , Zimbabwe 's president and Africa 's oldest leader , has celebrated his 88th birthday , denying reports he has cancer .
Mugabe declared himself `` fit as a fiddle '' on Tuesday , scoffing at calls to retire and pushing for new elections this year .
`` The day will come when I will become sick , '' Mugabe said in an interview on state-owned Radio Zimbabwe , dismissing fears about his health .
Making light of numerous media reports of his sickness , Mugabe , a Roman Catholic , said : `` I have died many times - that 's where I have beaten Christ . Christ died once and resurrected once . ''
Presidential officials said he would celebrate his birthday at a family dinner at his home in the capital Harare , with a celebration rally taking place in eastern Zimbabwe on Saturday .
Power-sharing deal
Mugabe , in power since independence from Britain in 1980 , said he will stand again in new elections that he insisted should be held this year - with or without the new constitution required under Zimbabwe 's power-sharing deal with Morgan Tsvangirai , the prime minister .
`` I came from the people and the people , in their wisdom , our members of the party , will certainly select someone once I say I am now retiring , but not yet , '' Mugabe said .
Mugabe was chosen in December by his ZANU-PF party to stand again as its presidential candidate .
`` There is no one who can stand and win at the moment , '' he said of the contenders in his party jostling to succeed him .
`` We just must have elections . They just must take place with or without a new constitution . If others do n't want to have an election then they are free not to participate . ''
Cancer claims
Mugabe 's health has been the subject of much speculation , especially since WikiLeaks , the whistleblower site , released last year a 2008 US diplomatic cable saying that Zimbabwe 's central bank chief , Gideon Gono , had told then-US ambassador , James McGee , that Mugabe had prostate cancer and had been advised by doctors he had less than five years to live .
Mugabe 's health has been cited as one reason that a faction of his ZANU-PF party has pushed to rush new elections .
Mugabe formed a power-sharing government with Tsvangirai in 2009 to repair an inflation-ravaged economy and avoid a political meltdown after a bloody presidential runoff election .
The two rivals agreed to a number of reforms including amending electoral and media laws and drafting a new constitution to pave the way to fresh polls .
But work on the new charter has progressed in fits and starts , hindered by attacks on public outreach meetings by supporters of Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party . Mugabe has repeatedly pressed for elections this year , but Tsvangirai wants a new constitution to be in place before the election .
.. really , I do n't even know where to begin .
Maybe with the fact that around eight years ago , I got really into cooking , getting most of my inspiration from food blogs and later , Instagram . Anyway , most of the people/chefs I follow are of the healthier kind ... mostly vegetarian recipes , all the new and exciting food stuff . And as some of you might know , when getting to the sweets , many of these recipes include stuff like frozen bananas , and dates .. oh the dates !
Attempting to make things like date balls in a blender , I have successfully burned out and killed at least three of them over the years . Apparently , blended dates turn into this impossible , sticky material that just is n't meant for regular kitchen equipment . So , eventually I gave up . I stopped attempting to cook banana-frozen youghurts , raw cakes etc ... the blender death each time just was n't worth it .
But , I did know that there would be one blender strong enough to rule them all an allow me to reach the state of healthy date heaven - the Kitchen Aid Blender !
So .. eight years ago , I put this blender on my wishlist ( which is really more of a `` I 'll buy it someday when I can afford it list '' , since no one ever gives me that big presents ) . Still , many years later , it has n't been in my budget to buy the blender for myself , it remained merely part of a future dream of kitchen goddess extravaganca . I certainly was n't expecting some stranger to get one for me here .. I mean .. maybe a book or something ..
So when I came home from work to find this , the one and only Kitchen Aid Blender , outside my door , I was surprised and grateful beyond words . Seriously , except for my phone and computer , this is the most valuable thing I own and I ca n't believe someone I do n't know got this present for me .. without even so much as a card to let me know who he/she is .
I would post pictures of the blender in action , but it came with a UK socket and I live in Denmark , so I 'll have to get an adapter before starting on the many , many snack ideas I already have in mind .
Dear Secret Santa , thank you so much for this present . I 'm trully happy and grateful for your generosity !
.. When my brother was little , whenever he got something new that he really liked , like a pair of shoes , he 'd insist on sleeping with this thing next to him ... I might be taking the Kitchen Aid Blender with me to bed tonight : )
Meghan is one half of the Good Luck High Five podcast and an adjunct professor at Tolarian Community College . She loves Limited , likes Modern , and dips her toes into each Standard season . She 's decidedly blue and is the # 1 hater of Siege Rhino in the Multiverse .
Walking the dog . Drawing extra cards . Making the perfect chocolate mousse . Taking an extra turn . `` Organizing '' all the junk—I mean , important papers—on your desk . Reanimating creatures into 4/4 Zombies .
There are some tasks you just ca n't trust to someone else , things important enough that you have to take care of them yourself .
Now , with the release of Unstable , there 's a handy creature for all the independently minded . For everyone who believes that to do a job well , you have to do it yourself . For all of those important do-it-yourself moments .
Now , there 's Do-It-Yourself Seraph !
That 's right folks , it may look like a 4/4 flier ( at the just-right price of six manas ! ) , but what if I told you that , in addition to being an evasive threat , the Do-It-Yourself Seraph could single-handedly keep you from losing a game of Magic with one simple attack ?
It may sound too good to believe , but with a copy of Platinum Angel in your deck , the Do-It-Yourself Seraph can get the job done .
Okay , okay , enough of the sales pitch , because I do n't think I need to convince you of how awesome this card is . Instead , let 's spend the rest of this article looking at some of the incredibly sweet possibilities that Do-It-Yourself Seraph unlocks .
To begin with , this card would love for us to draft around it . Picking this Angel up early means that we 'll have the opportunity to draft artifacts to build our own artifact-Angel behemoth . Do-It-Yourself Seraph is also solid enough on its own that we 'll want to play it in Draft even if we only have an artifact or two for its ability .
We do n't know yet what kinds of neat text boxes Do-It-Yourself Seraph might be able to pick up in Unstable drafts , but we can certainly dream about the other places we might see this motivated and self-sufficient artifact impersonator . There might be a home for it in a neat cube , or perhaps your Commander group is open to using Un-set cards in your Commander decks . This means that the cards we might be searching out with its ability are countless . Okay , almost countless , since there are around 1,780 artifacts in Magic .
What 's incredible about this card is that , to tell you about its full range of potential , I 'd have to tell you about every single artifact in the history of Magic .
One of the things that I like most about Do-It-Yourself Seraph is that , because you 'll already have cast a six-drop creature , a lot of the cheap mana artifacts that you want at the beginning of the game are n't going to be your first targets . Sol Ring is an incredible card , but it 's less incredible once you 're already attacking with a 4/4 flier , so there 's a lot of room to get creative with the artifacts you 're going to search up .
If you 're looking for a place to start , why not start with whatever you love most about Magic ? I love drawing cards , so of course my mind jumped to all the ways that I could use this creature to put some fresh spells in my hand . We might choose a simple Howling Mine or Font of Mythos effect , letting our opponents get in on the fun .
But if we 're doing all this work ourselves , we could also snag a Staff of Nin or Coercive Portal instead and keep all the card-drawing fun for ourselves .
Do-It-Yourself Seraph | Art by David Sladek
Or maybe you 're more practical than me . You realize that , if this Angel is becoming more powerful with every attack , it 's going to be a target for opponents ' removal spells as soon as possible . In that case , perhaps it 's best to copy any of the indestructible Darksteel artifacts like Darksteel Ingot or Darksteel Colossus , or maybe Darksteel Sentinel if we also want the Seraph to pick up vigilance .
If we choose to pick up the text from Stuffy Doll , then our opponent is really stuck when we—or they—enter combat . If they attack and we block , they 'll take 4 from the Angel , and if we attack , they 're faced with a choice between taking 4 from the unblocked Angel or taking however much damage their own blocker deals .
Platinum Emperion and Platinum Angel are two more great targets , whose respective text boxes will help us close out a game while making sure we 're not in any danger of losing . Sometimes , one 4/4 flier is n't enough to hold a board all on its own . If we were short on other ways to shore up the board when making our deck , we could always take the text from Nevinyrral 's Disk and clear everything away when it gets out of hand .
Do-It-Yourself Seraph also seems like it would enjoy a solid multipurpose tool , like a Swiss army knife or one of those mixers that also makes pasta or ice cream , or maybe even a Staff of Domination .
Things , of course , will get really strange if we search out some of the artifacts that can make wild and weird combo wins possible , like Aetherflux Reservoir or Memory Jar .
This is only the smallest sample of what 's possible with Do-It-Yourself Seraph . If you want to explore all of the myriad possibilities and find the best way to make this Angel work in your deck or cube , well , you 're going to have to buckle down and do the work yourself .
What 's Past is Prologue
A couple of years ago I was surprised to see that the message on a poster from World War II was awfully similar to the messages we were trying to send at TreeHugger , such as growing your own food , walking instead of driving , and conserving everything we have . Two years ago I did a slideshow , Frugal Green Living : Posters for the Movement , and last year I used them as we counted down to Copenhagen : Posters from the Past that Can Guide Us in the Future . I have been collecting American , Canadian and British posters ever since , and use them in lectures on the importance of heritage .
The first of two slideshows , this one on food posters comes from one of the best sources , the Hennepin County Library in Minneapolis .
Credit : Maine Historical Society
It is terribly unsexy to put together any kind of article about park factors . I know that ; I 've done it . But , here I am , for two reasons :
at least two World Series games are about to be played at Progressive Field what in the hell ?
The meat of this is the following horrible-looking plot . I 'm sorry that it looks so horrible but , what are you going to do about it ? This post is already published . I slapped some numbers together using the Baseball Reference Play Index . For each year since 1994 , I gathered numbers for Indians games in Cleveland , and I gathered numbers for Indians games not in Cleveland . Then I calculated some single-year “ park factors ” by just calculating ratios . Here are some of those ratios :
Arguably the most important one is the one tracking runs per game . I 'm not the first person to see this . Tony wrote a couple relevant park-factor articles in September . But look at how that dotted line moves , after the stadium first opened . For a few years , the ballpark was somewhat hitter-friendly . Then it took a turn . Between 2003 – 2014 , Cleveland reduced run-scoring by about 6 % , with one odd offensive spike in 2007 . That spike is important — there 's danger in trying to make too much out of single-year park factors . But look at the last two years . The park last year boosted offense by 26 % . This year , 21 % . Now we 've got an extreme two-year park factor , that seemingly came out of nowhere . For a long time , the park was kind to pitchers . Somehow , lately , it 's played like a nightmare .
Batting average ? Way up , relative to numbers in games outside of Cleveland . OBP ? Way up . Slugging percentage ? Way up . Batting average on balls in play ? Way up . Slugging percentage on balls in play ? Way up . Interestingly , also , the walk-rate factor is up , and the strikeout-rate factor has dipped . This year , the home-run factor took off , although last year homers in Cleveland were actually slightly down . That was made up for by a bunch of doubles .
Frequently , on FanGraphs , you come across posts that try to get at the answer to something . I do n't have answers here . Instead , I 'm just raising a question . What 's been happening at Progressive Field , to drive so much offense over the past two years ? Is this really just a random , yet randomly-sustained spike of statistical noise ? Does this somehow have to do with the installation of the newer scoreboard ? Has there been a bunch of high-rise construction in the surrounding area ? Have wind patterns changed ? Why has Progressive been so hitter-friendly ? Because , based on the last two years , Progressive has been very hitter-friendly . I do n't know how that could impact the World Series coming up , but you could see some baseballs absolutely take off .
The governor says he can not suspend Clayton County Sheriff Victor Hill while he fights 32 felony charges of racketeering and theft . This means Hill will remain sheriff unless he is convicted .
Gov . Nathan Deal 's office said in a news release Thursday that “ after careful evaluation of the facts in the case and the applicable state law , ” the governor concluded he can not appoint a committee to make a recommendation on suspending Hill , because Hill was not in office when the indictment was returned a year ago . The committee would consist of the attorney general and two sheriffs .
“ The law outlining the procedures for the suspension of public officials under indictment applies only to officials indicted while holding their elected office , ” the statement said .
The key words in state law , the governor 's office said , define a public official as “ ‘ any elected county officer . ' Victor Hill was indicted on Feb. 29 , 2012 , at which time he was a private citizen and not an elected county officer . Therefore , state law prohibits the appointment of a suspension panel at this time . ”
The head of the Georgia Sheriffs ' Association disagreed . The association had urged Deal to name a suspension panel in November .
“ We feel that we , as the Sheriffs ' Association , have done what we are supposed to do in an attempt to ensure the integrity of the office , ” said Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills , president of the association . “ I believe the governor 's attorney 's interpretation of the statute is incorrect . But I 'm not the one the law says shall appoint the committee , so therefore my opinion on the matter is of little consequence to the executive part of state government . I just do n't understand it . ”
The charges against Hill concern his first term in office , Jan. 1 , 2005 through Dec. 31 , 2008 . The indictment , the result of a special grand jury investigation , alleges that Hill used county-issued credit cards and county cars for personal reasons , including vacations with a woman on his staff . Hill is accused of having her time off work for the trips counted as sick leave . That 's the basis of one of the theft counts . He also is accused of violating his oath of office , requiring Sheriff 's Office employees to work on his charity projects during normal business hours , and trying to influence a witness .
Initially Hill was charged with 37 counts but Judge Albert Collier dropped five of them , including two racketeering charges . An appeal of Collier 's decision has delayed the trial .
Drew Findling , one of Hill 's four defense attorneys , said he was not surprised by the governor 's decision .
“ We were familiar with the law so we knew the governor had no choice in the matter , ” Findling said . “ The facts and circumstances in the case dictate that no action be taken anyway . ”
Hill pleaded innocent and has insisted that the criminal case was brought only because he announced he was running for the office he lost in the 2008 election .
Hill defeated Sheriff Kem Kimbrough in last summer 's Democratic primary and then took three-fourths of the vote in the November general election against a write-in candidate . Hill assumed the office on Tuesday even though his state law enforcement certification has been suspended since he was indicted , which means the sheriff can not make arrests or serve warrants .
The Georgia Sheriffs ' Association had asked the governor in a Nov. 19 letter to appoint a panel right then so a decision could be made before Hill took office after midnight New Year 's Day . Sills wrote in the letter that Georgia law required Deal to name a panel to consider whether the pending charges would interfere with Hill 's ability to do the job .
For example , Sills said Thursday , Hill will be responsible for deputies who provide security for the prosecutor and the judge , overseeing jurors and securing evidence submitted during the sheriff 's trial .
“ If that does n't have an adverse effect on the office I do n't know what would , ” Sills said .
Sen. Tim Kaine ( D-Va. ) responded to the news that his youngest son was arrested at a March 4 protest . He said his three children , `` all understand that in expressing your views you have an obligation to do it peacefully , and I 'm confident that that 's what happened . '' ( The Washington Post )
The youngest son of Sen. Tim Kaine ( D-Va. ) was among six people arrested over the weekend during a rally for President Trump in Minnesota that turned chaotic when counterprotesters set off fireworks , lit a smoke bomb and sprayed a chemical irritant into the crowd .
Linwood Michael Kaine , 24 , was arrested Saturday on suspicion of second-degree riot , a felony , during the “ March 4 Trump ” rally at the State Capitol in St. Paul , the Pioneer Press reported Tuesday . He was released Tuesday morning without being charged with a crime , although police are still investigating the matter , according to the Pioneer Press .
Four other people at the rally were arrested on suspicion of second-degree riot , and another was brought in for disorderly conduct . They , too , were released without charges .
Tim Kaine , Hillary Clinton 's running mate in the 2016 election , and his wife , Anne Holton , did not comment on the specifics of their son 's arrest but gave a brief emailed statement to The Washington Post through a spokeswoman .
“ We love that our three children have their own views and concerns about current political issues , ” they said . “ They fully understand the responsibility to express those concerns peacefully . ”
Kaine and Holton 's oldest son , Nat , is a U.S. Marine who has deployed overseas . Their daughter , Annella , is a college student .
Linwood Kaine , who goes by the nickname Woody , attended a small liberal arts college about 45 minutes south of St. Paul and is a resident of Minneapolis .
EXCLUSIVE : Son of Sen. Tim Kaine was one of six arrested during Trump rally at state Capitol Saturday https : //t.co/eIsUeu2g6B pic.twitter.com/aCYM4go0R5 — Pioneer Press ( @ PioneerPress ) March 8 , 2017
Police said he was among about 50 counterprotesters who clashed with pro-Trump demonstrators Saturday afternoon at the Minnesota State Capitol , where a crowd of about 400 had gathered in the rotunda to listen to speeches in support of the new president .
Tensions were already running high when someone threw a smoke bomb into the audience , striking a woman in the head , local media reported . Others set off fireworks in the building , sending people running and prompting security guards to intervene . At one point , someone reportedly sprayed what police called a “ chemical irritant ” into the crowd , causing people to cough and scatter out of the room .
Counter protestors are crashing this rally pic.twitter.com/WIaezmSz2F — Ricardo Lopez ( @ rljourno ) March 4 , 2017
A police spokesman , Steve Linders , told the Pioneer Press that Kaine ran from the scene and was arrested down the street from the building , along with four others suspected to have lit fireworks . Kaine resisted the arresting officer , who had to use “ some force ” to take him into custody , Linders said .
“ He turned around and squared up to fight with the officer , ” Linders said . “ The officer was able to place Mr. Kaine under arrest and take him to the Ramsey County jail for booking . ”
Police told the Pioneer Press they did not know until Tuesday that they had arrested a U.S. senator 's son . No one from the senator 's office contacted the department about it , they said .
The rally at the State Capitol was one of several demonstrations held around the country over the weekend in support of Trump .
A rally in Berkeley turned violent Saturday when pro- and anti-Trump demonstrators attacked each other with wooden sticks , as Reuters reported . Some Trump supporters fired pepper spray , and at least three people were injured , including one man who had his teeth knocked out , according to Reuters . Video from the event showed people tackling each other and throwing punches in the park where the rally was held . At least five people were arrested .
Trump supporters clashed with counter-protesters at a `` March 4 Trump '' in Berkeley , Calif . It appeared to be the only episode of violence around several pro-Trump events across the country on Saturday , March 4 . ( Reuters )
More from Morning Mix
The Statue of Liberty went dark overnight and the timing was just ‘ too perfect '
Four killed , dozens injured when train smashes into senior center charter bus in Mississippi
GOP 's Obamacare replacement cracks down on lottery winners who receive Medicaid
“ The tribe has many unmet needs , ” Dale White , the tribe 's general counsel , said in an interview . “ We want to be self-reliant . ”
Mr. White said the tribe was approached in April by a Dallas law firm , Shore Chan DePumpo , which proposed the idea . The tribe has already taken ownership of patents owned by a technology company that Mr. White declined to name , but said the Allergan arrangement is the tribe 's first pharmaceutical deal .
Photo Tubes of Restasis , a prescription treatment for acute dry eyes , which had $ 336 million in sales in the second quarter of this year . Credit Martin Shields/Alamy
The payments from Allergan — not to mention potential deals with other companies , he said — will give a much-needed boost to the tribe 's approximately $ 50 million annual budget .
Denise Bradley , a spokeswoman for Teva Pharmceuticals , one of the generic companies that is challenging the Restasis patents , described the deal as “ a new and unusual way for a company to try to delay access to high-quality and affordable generic alternatives. ” She added that Teva “ will be interested to see what comments are made about this tactic by regulatory agencies . ”
The announcement Friday is perhaps the most novel attempt to avoid a patent-review process that the brand-name drug industry has railed against in recent years . The process was created in 2011 as a way to streamline patent challenges by allowing them to be decided by an administrative panel , the Patent Trial and Appeal Board . But many patent holders have argued that the process is unfair and unnecessary because patents are already challenged in the federal courts . The Supreme Court will take up the issue next year in the case Oil States vs. Greene 's Energy Group
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story The Well Newsletter Get the best of Well , with the latest on health , fitness and nutrition , delivered to your inbox every week . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Recaptcha requires verification . I 'm not a robot reCAPTCHA Privacy - Terms Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . You are already subscribed to this email . View all New York Times newsletters . See Sample
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime
In the case of Restasis , the validity of the drug 's six patents — which the company says expire in 2024 — are being heard by the review panel , even as a similar battle is also moving through the federal courts . A trial over the issue recently concluded in U.S. District Court in Texas and a decision in that case has not yet been reached . The deal announced with the Mohawk tribe will not have any bearing on the federal court case . If the company loses that case , its patents would be invalidated regardless of the deal with the tribe .
Brent Saunders , the chief executive of Allergan , said in an interview Friday that the company made the move to avoid what he described as the “ double jeopardy ” of having the same issue heard in two venues . “ We did this to really make sure that we can defend these patents in only one forum , ” he said .
A. Robert D. Bailey , the chief legal officer at Allergan , said that though the Supreme Court may ultimately invalidate the review process , the company could n't risk losing its patent on Restasis , which brought in $ 336.4 million in revenues in the second quarter of 2017 , its second-biggest selling product behind the wrinkle treatment Botox . “ It 's one of our most valuable products , so we ca n't wait , ” he said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Bailey and others said the legal theory behind the Mohawk deal stemmed from a decision by the patent-review panel earlier this year involving the University of Florida , which owned a patent being challenged by the medical-device maker Covidien . The university , which was also represented by the Shore Chan DePumpo firm , successfully argued that the challenges should be dismissed because , as an arm of the state of Florida , the university should be granted sovereign immunity .
Mr. White said the tribe has entered into an agreement with Shore Chan DePumpo , which will vet companies and their patents before referring them to the Saint Regis tribe . “ Indian tribes have sovereignty that is stronger than states , ” Mr. White said , pointing to recent Supreme Court cases that have ruled in favor of tribes . “ We feel that we have an extremely strong case . ”
Michael Carrier , a professor at Rutgers Law School who studies patent law , called the announcement Friday a “ concerning ” development , in part because the Mohawk tribe played no role in developing the drug . And he said the administrative-review panel served a worthy purpose . “ Challenges at the patent office play a crucial role in overturning invalid patents , and that role could be undermined by agreements like this , ” Mr. Carrier said .
Armed agents—from Russia 's coast guard service , its security agency the FSB , or both—stormed the ship of Greenpeace activists trying to save the Arctic region from oil and gas drilling on Thursday , and after more than 12 hours without communication , the 'seized ' Arctic Sunrise on Friday morning is reportedly heading back towards Russian-controlled waters while the 30 crew members remain incommunicado and under armed guard .
According to activists on the ship , Russian FSB agents forced their way into the ship 's radio room and inflicted significant damage to communication equipment . This information came from activists aboard the Arctic Sunrise who were able to communicate for some period via satellite phone , but those communications later went silent .
The latest from Twitter :
Tweets by @ gp_sunrise
Director of the Greenpeace campaign to save the arctic , Ben Ayliffe , was both concerned for his colleagues aboard the Arctic Sunrise and outraged at the actions by Russian officials .
“ The safety of our activists remains our top priority and we are working hard to establish what is facing them , '' said Ayliffe . `` They have done nothing to warrant this level of aggression and have been entirely peaceful throughout . ''
He continued : “ The real threat to the Russian Arctic comes not from the crew of the Arctic Sunrise but from Gazprom , one of the most reckless oil companies in the world today . ”
According to a Greenpeace statement released Friday :
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The crew of the Greenpeace icebreaker Arctic Sunrise remain in the custody of Russian authorities following an armed boarding of the ship in international waters yesterday . The ship has now been under armed guard since 1900 Moscow time on Thursday . It is now over 12 hours since Greenpeace International has had any contact with the ship , which appears to be heading west towards the Russian territorial waters . Greenpeace International has not received any formal confirmation of possible charges , and the activists have been denied access to legal or consular assistance .
Officials from Greenpeace International were busy on Friday morning trying to determine Russian intentions and actively lobbying for the release of the ship and its crew .
The group was also organizing its members and supporters to attend rallies outside Russian embassies worldwide . They also established this online petition , which by Friday morning had already received over 100,000 signatures , calling the boarding of the Arctic Sunrise illegal and demanding the immediate release of the peaceful protesters .
Russian authorities have said that the Greenpeace activists had what appeared to be a bomb aboard their vessel , but the environmental group was quick to point out the ridiculousness of that claim , saying that the brightly colored `` safety pod '' referred to was `` designed to keep the activists warm '' and not mistakable as a bomb , given how heavily branded with Greenpeace logos it was .
The dramatics in the Arctic Pechora Sea off Russia 's northern coast began on Wednesday when two Greenpeace activists who tried to scale the sides of the drilling platform owned by Russia 's oil giant Gazprom were intercepted by Russian Coast Guard agents who dangerously fired water cannons at the two climbers as they dangled from the drilling vessel .
During that altercation , the Coast Guard fired a series of warning shots at smaller Greenpeace speedboats and the larger Arctic Sunrise .
___________________________________________
An American president is launching the most ambitious , the most expensive , and certainly the most dangerous military campaign since the Vietnam War – and the antiwar movement , such as it is , is missing in action . After a long and bloody campaign in Iraq and the election of a U.S. president pledged to get us out , our government is once again revving up its war machine and taking aim at yet another `` terrorist '' stronghold , this time in Afghanistan . Yet the antiwar movement 's motor seems stuck in the wrong gear , making no motions toward mounting anything like an effective protest . What gives ?
We should n't doubt the scope of the present war effort . Make no mistake : the Obama administration is radically ramping up the stakes in the `` war on terrorism , '' which , though renamed , has not been revised downward , as the Washington Post reports :
`` As the Obama administration expands U.S. involvement in Afghanistan , military experts are warning that the United States is taking on security and political commitments that will last at least a decade and a cost that will probably eclipse that of the Iraq war . ''
There are always `` warnings '' in the beginning , are n't there ? For some reason , however , they are never heeded . Instead , we just barrel ahead , undaunted , into the tall grass where ambush awaits us . War opponents predicted the Iraq invasion would prove unsustainable – and we were right . We said that , far from greeting us with cheers and showers of roses , the Iraqis would soon be shooting at us and demanding our ouster – and we were right . We said the rationale for war was based on a series of carefully manufactured and marketed lies – and that was the truth , now was n't it ? Yet it seems we are caught in an endlessly repetitive nightmare , where the same prophetic voices are being drowned out by a chorus of `` responsible '' voices – to be followed by an all-too-familiar disaster .
The problem , however , is that the scale of these disasters seems to be increasing exponentially . As Gerald Celente , one of the few economic forecasters who predicted the '08 crash , put it the other day , `` Governments seem to be emboldened by their failures . '' What the late Gen. William E. Odom trenchantly described as `` the worst strategic disaster in American military history '' – the invasion of Iraq – is being followed up by a far larger military operation , one that will burden us for many years to come . This certainly seems like evidence in support of the Celente thesis , and the man who predicted the 1987 stock market crash , the fall of the Soviet Union , the dot-com bust , the gold bull market , the 2001 recession , the real estate bubble , the “ Panic of '08 , ” and now is talking about the inevitable popping of the `` bailout bubble , '' has more bad news :
`` Given the pattern of governments to parlay egregious failures into mega-failures , the classic trend they follow , when all else fails , is to take their nation to war . ''
As the economic crisis escalates and the debt-based central banking system shows it can no longer re-inflate the bubble by creating assets out of thin air , an economic and political rationale for war is easy to come by ; for if the Keynesian doctrine that government spending is the only way to lift us out of an economic depression is true , then surely military expenditures are the quickest way to inject `` life '' into a failing system . This does n't work , economically , since the crisis is only masked by the wartime atmosphere of emergency and `` temporary '' privation . Politically , however , it is a lifesaver for our ruling elite , which is at pains to deflect blame away from itself and on to some `` foreign '' target .
It 's the oldest trick in the book , and it 's being played out right before our eyes , as the U.S. prepares to send even more troops to the Afghan front and is threatening Iran with draconian economic sanctions , a step or two away from outright war .
A looming economic depression and the horrific prospect of another major war – the worst-case scenario seems to be unfolding , like a recurring nightmare , and there does n't seem to be any way to stop it . Are we caught , then , helpless in the web of destiny , to be preyed upon by those spiders in Washington ?
I have to admit that , at times , I 'm inclined to believe it : the early years of the Bush era , particularly the dark days right after 9/11 , were hard times for advocates of liberty and peace . For us here at Antiwar.com , they were days of nearly unrelieved gloom . As the Bush era drew to a close , however , there were many signs that we were in for a turnaround , that the dark ages were over and a new day was dawning . The Iraq war was discredited , along with its cheerleaders , and the collapse of the War Party 's political fortunes seemed all but assured with the rise of an insurgent movement within the Democratic Party , a movement that happened to coalesce around Barack Obama but could have rallied to any charismatic or even remotely appealing figure , so desperate were people for any sign of hope .
In the beginning , I was enamored of the possibilities of this electoral insurgency against the presumed nominee , Hillary Clinton . By stubbornly sticking to her pro-war position and refusing to second-guess her decision to support the invasion of Iraq , Hillary turned the primary campaign into a tug-of-war between the interventionist faction of the Democratic Party – centered in the leadership – and the antiwar rank-and-file , many of whom were beginning to develop a comprehensive critique of interventionist foreign policy and were well on their way to becoming principled opponents of imperialism .
Then Obama stepped into the picture .
I am not among those who are currently whining that Obama has somehow `` betrayed '' his antiwar supporters – prominent among them the organizers of the principal peace coalition , United for Peace and Justice . After all , he 's just doing what he said all along he 'd do , and that is fight the `` right war , '' which , he averred , we ought to be waging in Afghanistan rather than Iraq . At the end of this month , his generals will report to him on how many more troops they need to `` do the job , '' and you can bet they wo n't be calling for any reductions .
History has shown that Afghanistan is practically unconquerable , and we could send an army of a million or more and still fail miserably . But think how the endless expenditures will `` stimulate '' our economy !
Forecaster Celente has identified several bubbles , the latest being the `` bailout bubble , '' slated to pop at any time , yet there may be another bubble to follow what Celente calls `` the mother of all bubbles , '' one that will implode with a resounding crash heard 'round the world – the bubble of empire .
Our current foreign policy of global hegemonism and unbridled aggression is simply not sustainable , not when we are on the verge of becoming what we used to call a Third World country , one that is bankrupt and faces the prospect of a radical lowering of living standards . Unless , of course , the `` crisis '' atmosphere can be sustained almost indefinitely .
George W. Bush had 9/11 to fall back on , but that song is getting older every time they play it . Our new president needs to come up with an equivalent , one that will divert our attention away from Goldman Sachs and toward some overseas enemy who is somehow to be held responsible for our present predicament .
It is said that FDR 's New Deal did n't get us out of the Great Depression , but World War II did . The truth is that , in wartime , when people are expected to sacrifice for the duration of the `` emergency , '' economic problems are anesthetized out of existence by liberal doses of nationalist chest-beating and moral righteousness . Shortages and plunging living standards were masked by a wartime rationing system and greatly lowered expectations . And just as World War II inured us to the economic ravages wrought by our thieving elites , so World War III will provide plenty of cover for a virtual takeover of all industry by the government and the demonization of all political opposition as `` terrorist . ''
An impossible science-fictional scenario ? Or a reasonable projection of present trends ? Celente , whose record of predictions is impressive , to say the least , sees war with Iran as the equivalent of World War III , with economic , social , and political consequences that will send what is left of our empire into a tailspin . This is the popping of the `` hyperpower '' bubble , the conceit that we – the last superpower left standing – will somehow defy history and common sense and avoid the fate of all empires : decline and fall .
We are in for some `` interesting '' times , and , these days , I know you wo n't want to be without Antiwar.com , which is going to be more essential than ever before . However , we ca n't guarantee our continued survival – in fact , I can predict our imminent demise – if we fail to enjoy your continued financial support . You 'll notice that we are now embarked on our summer fundraising campaign , and , let me tell you , summers are always the worst . Everyone who can afford to give is off on vacation , and these are difficult times , to boot . I have the feeling this one is going to be a long , hard slog , but I 'd love to be pleasantly surprised . So , please , surprise me .
The prospects of a major war just over the horizon are increasing by the hour , yet we have n't heard much in the way of protest from the formerly `` antiwar '' liberal-progressive community , or , at least , not from their institutions and leaders , who are getting in line behind the Obama administration and are afraid to rock the boat .
Well , we are n't afraid to rock the boat – indeed , that 's what we 've always been about . We are determined to make as many waves as we can , but we ca n't do it without your financial assistance . Our budget is minuscule , compared to similar groups : we get by on very little , but we need that comparatively tiny amount – $ 70,000 this quarter – to continue our work . We run the tightest ship in the nonprofit sector and get an enormous bang for your buck . With hundreds of thousands of readers each week and a worldwide audience , the cost-effectiveness of your tax-deductible donation is indisputable .
We 're more – much more – than a Web site . Antiwar.com represents a movement that can and must stand up if we 're going to avoid a global catastrophe . Put not your trust in politicians , my friends ; an informed and active citizenry is the key to peace and the maintenance of what is left of our liberties . And that is what we 're all about .
So do n't delay . When the Last Big Bubble – the bubble of empire – pops , we can not let the sound of it drown out the demands of the people for peace . As we hurtle toward World War III , remember : you can help put on the brakes and rein in our war-crazed rulers . Contribute to Antiwar.com today .
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
Monday Morning Update : I see that as of Monday morning , we are under $ 1,000 in contributions – a truly ominous trend . If this goes on , we 'll be off the Internet in a little over a week .
To all of my readers who appreciate this column and value what Antiwar.com is doing , I make this appeal : now is the time to give as you 've never given before . The War Party , which never lacks for funding , would like nothing better than to see this Web site go kaput . And make no mistake : we will be gone if we do n't make our fundraising goal . So please dig down deep in your pocket and help us out . Your 100 % tax-deductible donation makes a big difference , so make it today .
Read more by Justin Raimondo
Ross Marks says his ex-wife should face further charges after she took their children from B.C . to Alberta without notice .
He said it all started last November when Kristen Monette picked up their three children from school in Dawson Creek , B.C . and disappeared . Marks reported the incident to the RCMP but said they did not issue an Amber Alert because they felt the children were not in danger .
“ They said in 50/50 custodies , they will not do Amber Alert , ” he said .
About a week later , a truck was spotted in McKenzie Towne in Calgary with a distressed young girl inside . Police were called but when they approached the vehicle , the woman driving took off , striking another vehicle in the process .
Marks said Monette was finally arrested after his oldest daughter signaled 911 with her fingers to someone , who alerted police . Marks rushed to reunite with his children , one of whom was in hospital with injuries , and was shocked at what he saw and heard .
“ She had blood all over the side of her arm and her face was all bruised , ” he said about his daughter . “ I did n't know they had been in all these accidents , that they were told that they had to pee in cups , that they were only being fed once or twice a day and that they were smashing vehicles , driving 160 kilometres per hour . ”
The children told Marks that their mother was acting erratically , at one point nearly driving into a lake and telling the children she could freeze it with her mind . This prompted the two oldest children to jump out of the moving vehicle to escape , but they were picked up again by their mother .
After this incident , Marks got full custody of the children but said his kids still have nightmares their mother will take them .
“ This has just been very hard for the whole family emotionally just with the degree of abuse and all the hurt with everything that happened , they were traumatized , ” he said .
He is also shocked that his ex-wife is only facing three traffic charges and wants more charges laid and more consequences for her going forward .
“ Supervised visits , that 's one thing , but we just really want to make sure she 's never a part of their lives again as far as taking them or doing any more harm to them , ” he said .
CTV reached out to Monette but could n't contact her because she is in the Calgary Remand Centre awaiting a court appearance on Friday .
As Apple 's patent infringement lawsuits against Samsung drag on , it appears that not everyone in Apple brass was in favor of suing the South Korean electronics giant .
Tim Cook , who succeeded Apple co-founder Steve Jobs as chief executive after seven years as chief operating officer , was opposed to suing Samsung , mostly because of the company 's role as a key supplier of components for the iPhone and iPad , sources with knowledge of the matter told Reuters . The Cupertino-based company was Samsung 's biggest customer in 2011 , reportedly buying some $ 8 billion worth of screens and chips .
After signing a flash memory deal in 2005 , the two companies developed a close relationship that included the grandson of Samsung 's founder visiting Jobs ' Palo Alto , Calif. , home , Reuters reported . That partnership reportedly gave each company insight into each others operations .
After the launch of the Galaxy S in 2010 , Jobs and Cook complained to Samsung executives about the smartphone 's look and feel , expecting the company would alter its design , Reuters reported . Suspecting that Samsung was relying on its position as a critical components supplier to protect it from legal retribution , Jobs ' patience ran out a year later when Samsung launched the Galaxy Tab .
Apple filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung in April 2011 in an effort to ban a number of Samsung 's devices from sale in the U.S. , winning a lopsided $ 1 billion judgment last August . But as the case winds on Apple has failed to secure the sales bans .
`` Samsung may have cut into Apple 's customer base somewhat , but there is no suggestion that Samsung will wipe out Apple 's customer base , or force Apple out of the business of making smartphones , '' U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh wrote in December . `` The present case involves lost sales -- not a lost ability to be a viable market participant . ''
Apple was apparently interested in avoiding the courtroom , proposing a reciprocal patent agreement to Samsung in the months leading up to their landmark trial , but the two could not arrive at a deal acceptable to both companies .
As its relationship with Samsung has become strained , Apple reportedly tried to secure exclusive access to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corp. smartphone chips by making an investment offer in the custom chipmaker in excess of $ 1 billion . The offer was ultimately rejected , but such an arrangement would likely have helped Apple reduce its dependence on Samsung for mobile device components .
CNET has contacted Apple for comment and will update this report when we learn more .
Judge Patricia Millett , who was vindicated by Tuesday 's decision . Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call/Getty Images
On Tuesday , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit , sitting en banc , ruled 6–3 that Jane Doe , an undocumented unaccompanied minor in federal custody , must be allowed to obtain an abortion .
The Trump administration has prevented Jane Doe from terminating her pregnancy for more than a month . Doe is being held in a federally funded shelter in Texas , and the administration has decreed that these shelters may not allow undocumented minors to obtain abortions . Instead , the administration has decreed that these minors must be taken to “ crisis pregnancy centers ” to be counseled out of their decisions . Doe sued with the help of the American Civil Liberties Union , alleging a violation of her constitutional rights . The Department of Justice has made the incoherent assertion that Doe 's rights are not being violated because , if she really wants an abortion , she can simply self-deport—despite the fact that her home country bans abortion .
A district court ruled in Doe 's favor , but a panel of judges for the D.C . Circuit reversed . The full D.C . Circuit has now vacated the panel 's decision and remanded the case to the district court , with orders to protect Doe 's access to abortion . Because of the government 's dilatory tactics , Doe is now nearly 16 weeks pregnant ; Texas bans abortion after 20 weeks , and few doctors perform abortions in the state . At oral arguments on Friday , her attorney indicated she could undergo the procedure on Thursday .
In its order , the D.C . Circuit explained that it agreed with Judge Patricia Millett 's dissent from the original panel decision crafted by Judges Brett Kavanaugh and Karen L. Henderson . Millett penned a sharp concurrence to Tuesday 's order , responding to the dissenters and reiterating the egregiously unconstitutional nature of the government 's actions . “ Fortunately , today 's decision rights a grave constitutional wrong by the government , ” Millett wrote :
Remember , we are talking about a child here . A child who is alone in a foreign land . A child who , after her arrival here in a search for safety and after the government took her into custody , learned that she is pregnant . J.D . then made a considered decision , presumably in light of her dire circumstances , to terminate that pregnancy . … The government bulldozed over constitutional lines … [ and ] identified no constitutionally sufficient justification for asserting a veto right over J.D . and Texas law . … The court today correctly recognizes that J.D . 's unchallenged right under the Due Process Clause affords this 17-year-old a modicum of the dignity , sense of self-worth , and control over her own destiny that life seems to have so far denied her .
Both Kavanaugh and Henderson dissented from Tuesday 's order , for different reasons . Henderson wrote that an undocumented minor like Doe “ is not a person in the eyes of our Constitution , ” meaning she has no rights , let alone the right to an abortion . This argument strongly echoes that made in the notorious Dred Scott decision . Kavanaugh , joined by Henderson and Judge Thomas B. Griffith , complained that “ the majority 's decision represents a radical extension of the Supreme Court 's abortion jurisprudence. ” He wrote that the majority had shortchanged the government 's interest in forcing Doe to continue carrying her unwanted pregnancy .
The Justice Department has not yet stated whether it will appeal Tuesday 's decision to the Supreme Court .
“ Payback 's a bitch , ” Paul said .
He smiled to himself and continued packing . We were both 16-years-old at the time , but he already towered over me at 6 ' 2″ . At times like those I was almost glad that he was my friend . But it also meant that I could n't refuse being accomplice to his schemes .
I told my parents I was going to be staying at his house for the night , and his parents did n't give a shit where we went . We packed up a sleeping bag and some clothes and were out the door shortly after 9PM , heading to one of our old Salt Cedar tree forts on the fringe of his neighborhood .
“ At midnight , we 'll hit Tim 's house , ” he explained as we walked down the unlit road . Floating just over the mountain horizon , the moon looked twice its normal size . “ That kid 's been trying to get me in trouble ever since junior high . ”
He was n't wrong , I had been there during gym the day before . At lunch , they served pumpkin pie that tasted like hell , so Paul went around gathering plates of it from people who did n't finish . After the period let out , we found pieces of pie decorating the walls outside the building .
The only person besides Paul who was missing from gym class was Tim . So we knew what Tim 's little smirk meant when the principal came and hauled Paul out of fifth period . And when everyone found him , standing on a ladder and cleaning the pie off the walls , Tim was there with his phone out , recording it .
“ What are you going to do to him ? ” I asked .
We had our flashlights out now . The yellow beams knifed through the tall grass and the desert landscape . I could see the dark shape of the Salt Cedar , outlined like a crouching giant in the distance . It had been our home away from home ever since I met Paul in elementary school . We met each other because of a play date our parents arranged . If it was n't for that , I would 've been just another one of the many people he took his frustrations out on .
“ I do n't know yet , ” he said . “ Figured I 'd give him a few choices and let him decide for himself how he wants to be punished . The punishment 's got to fit the crime . Narkdom is a very serious offense , Brent . ”
When we reached the Cedar , we got a nice fire going in the center of the clearing . It was old and the trunks grew out far enough to allow a mid-section to be completely open , yet covered the sky in the canopy of needles . It was then that I first saw the black duffel bag that Paul had brought . He pulled forth a bunch of weird looking tools and he revealed a long piece of rope .
I asked him what they were , but he simply smiled and said I would find out later . We left the fire burning and made back for the housing area where Tim lived . Somehow , Paul knew which window looked into his bedroom , because we crouched below an illuminated square of glass , and waited quietly . Paul reached up and knocked twice .
The square of light shining onto the ground intensified as the shades were pulled aside . But a moment later , they were shut again . Paul knocked another time . I could feel Tim 's presence above us , looking out through the window and wondering what was going on . Finally , the window creaked open and he stuck his head out .
Paul reached up and threw one hand over his mouth , yanking him from the window with his free arm . The full weight of the situation hit me . We were kidnapping him . This is kidnap , my mind shouted .
Still , without thinking , I handed Paul the bandana and rope and watched as he expertly bound Tim 's hands behind his back and covered his face .
“ Shut the fuck up and walk if you do n't want to die , ” he said in a low menacing voice .
Paul had to walk backwards in order to keep Tim hoisted up and one hand over his mouth . So I led the way , both flashlights in my hands . I was terrified someone would come upon us , but I almost wished that someone would . I wanted someone to catch us and stop this before it got out of hand . Paul was known for being a bully , but even I could not predict what he was going to do to this guy . And for what ? For having to clean up pie he had thrown at the wall ?
The fire was still alive by the time we made it back into the center of the Salt Cedar . When Paul took his bandana off , Tim 's eyes were wide and horror struck . But he did n't look at us , instead he gazed wildly around the center of the tree fort .
“ If you try yelling , I 'll make you regret it , ” Paul said .
He slumped Tim on the ground beside one of the twisting trunks and tied his hands behind his back , wrapping his arms around the trunk . Then , he took the bandana out of his mouth .
“ We ca n't be here ! ” Tim shouted .
Paul threw all of his weight into his punch as he struck Tim in the jaw . I heard a sickening pop .
“ Why ca n't we be here ? ” I asked . “ And be quiet about it . ”
“ This is the Bleeding Hollow , ” he said , more quietly .
Paul and I both laughed . “ We 've been coming here for years , ” I told him . “ This is our home . ”
“ …but have you ever stayed the night here ? ” he asked , blood flowing from his mouth .
As a matter of fact we had n't , but we never said that . Paul just looked at me with a condescending smile and walked back to his tool bag . By the way Tim was looking at me , I could tell he was going to try to prey on me as the weak link . He knew I was n't hard like Paul .
“ Is this about the pie ? ” Tim asked . Paul looked up and nodded at him . “ My dad 's the janitor , you asshole . What else did you expect ? For me to let him pick up after your stupid , shitty pranks ? ”
“ Why is this place called the Bleeding Hollow ? ” I asked him , ignoring his pleas .
“ Oh , you do n't know ? ” he asked , turning his attention to me . “ This is the perfect place for homeless people to come and stay the night . If it was n't cursed , there would be an entire mob of them here , for all of the bum population we have in town. ” He looked at me in complete seriousness . “ But they do n't . Because they ca n't , dumbass . ”
“ Why ca n't they ? ”
“ Well , they can , ” he iterated . “ They did in the past . But they all wind up dead . ”
“ How ? ”
“ The fuck do I look like , the village herald or — ”
He was cut short by Paul 's fist again . Paul was n't the brightest , but I could see the wheels were moving in his eyes now . He was intrigued .
“ Answer his question , ” he said . “ The best you can . ”
“ Because , ” he said , resentment now curdling in his voice . “ They all started killing each other . Every time . The police came out here four times and found a bloodbath here four times . Now , no one even tries to come here . Except for you idiots . ”
Paul was still skeptical , I could tell . But something about the authority in Tim 's voice had me unnerved . Still , Paul sauntered back to his black bag and pulled forth something that looked like a pointed pair of pliers . He clamped them threateningly at Tim .
“ I think you 're full of it , ” he said .
Just then we heard the sound of a twig snapping outside the treeline . I thought for a moment that I had glimpsed headlights streaming through the branches . A deep , gruff voice called out to us :
“ We know you boys are in there ! Where is Timothy ? ”
Paul cursed and dropped his tool back into the bag . He told me to stay and that he would take care of it . But how ? I did n't believe that he could . The man sounded like a police officer or something . Suddenly I saw myself in the juvenile detention center , explaining to my parents why we were in the wilderness , holding a boy hostage .
I looked up and caught Tim 's gaze . “ You know what you have to do , ” he said . “ If you untie me now , I can run the other way and explain that this was all just an accident . You do n't need to go down for Paul 's mistake . ”
I could n't refuse his offer . Paul may have grown accustomed to this kind of thing , but my record was clean and I was determined to keep it that way . So I slid down beside Tim and untied the rope around his hands . He nodded at me and ran off in the opposite direction that Paul had gone .
Only moments after he had left the sprawling glow of the fire , Paul re-emerged , looking perplexed .
“ No one is out there , ” he said . His eyes found me , kneeling down where Tim was just moments ago . “ What the hell , man ? ”
“ It sounded like the police , ” I explained .
For years we had been friends , and I 'd never seen Paul look so furious as he did then . He looked like he was considering taking the tools to me now . I rose up and tried to explain further , but before I could begin , Tim popped back into the clearing . He looked even more confused than Paul .
“ How ? ” he stammered . “ How did I wind up here again ? ”
With a last terrified glance at me and Paul , he sped off the direction he had come . But how could he have gotten lost ? The sprawl of the Salt Cedar was big , but not that big . It was just several long paces from the center and you were out . Still , Tim came back upon the clearing , this time beside me . Meanwhile , Paul was frozen in disbelief .
Tim looked like he was going to cry . “ I swear to God ! ” he growled . “ I swear to God I ran for the exit. ” Boldly , he took a step towards Paul , explaining , “ I did n't make a turn . I should be out of the fort . ”
His features waxed pale beneath the firelight . Realization struck his watery eyes .
“ The Bleeding Hollow , ” he said .
“ Bullshit , ” said Paul , taking a step towards him .
But before he could reach him , Timothy dove for the duffel bag . He pulled out an old , rusted machete . Tim wielded it fiercely , telling Paul to stay away .
“ You packed a machete ? ” I asked him .
“ Just shut the fuck up , both of you , ” Tim said . “ I 'm in charge now . And I know how the legend goes… ”
As Tim spoke , I felt like the lights in my mind were flickering off and on . It was almost as if my eyes were blinking for minutes at a time . Everything before me was snapping in and out of focus . And his words were breaking off and burst forth , almost as though someone were covering and then uncovering my ears .
Then I heard a sound like a whisper . I jumped when it came , but I found no one beside me . Meanwhile , Paul and Tim were speaking to each other in words I could not hear . All I heard was the low muttering coming from I know not where .
“ Listen to me , ” said the voice . “ I 'll show you the way out . You do not need to die here with them . You do not belong here . ”
And I did listen , numb and barely conscious . The voice was like a lullaby singing me into a soft kind of daydream . I turned where I stood and walked away from the center of the Salt Cedar , into the churning darkness .
The only thing I remember after that was a long , vivid dream . I dreamt I was floating inches off the ground , over the roots and the weeds of the Salt Cedar . The night air felt cool and cleansing as I left the clearing . I turned , still hovering , and a hole opened up into the exterior of the fort .
Through the hole , I saw Tim and Paul , standing several feet away from each other and yelling . All the while , Paul was moving deft hands over the rope , twisting it into knots and turns . As I watched him , I too felt a rope in my hands . I was mirroring his actions . I watched as Paul finished the rope and slung it over a high hanging tree branch , and then started climbing .
As he climbed , Tim was still talking wildly . They seemed oblivious to the actions they were performing . Even as Tim started digging a hole in the ground and solidifying the handle of the machete into it , with the blade turned up , did he speak aggressively to Paul .
I remember floating farther away from the scene . As I did , I saw a body drop from the branches . I saw a body fall straight down onto the ground . Then , I awoke .
Sirens were going off around me . Daylight was bleeding through the branches . The outside world was slowly encroaching on me and I was aware of the hard dirt beneath me . Slowly , I lifted myself up and I found that I was lying directly in the center of the Salt Cedar .
Paul 's body was dangling from a tree branch overhead . His neck snapped and his feet swung loose as he slowly turned clockwise , then counter-clockwise . He was attached to the branch by a noose fashioned out of the same rope he had packed last night . Just a few feet away was Tim , slumped down with his back arched , the bladed tip of the machete splitting his skin open wide . The handle was bored into the ground . They were both dead .
“ Ho-ley shit , not again , ” came a loud voice . It sounded the same as the voice we had heard last night ; the one that Paul had gone out to investigate . “ Guys , in here . The neighbors were right , someone else found their way here . ”
As the officer approached , he looked at me almost as though he expected to find me there . He had long , braided hair and brown skin that was dried like tree bark . I realized I had seen him before at family gatherings . His family name was Sitting Wolf .
The other officers poured into the fort behind him and approached the bodies . Meanwhile , the man I recognized came up to me and spoke in a hushed tone , crouching in front of me .
“ I knew your great uncle , Sheshone , ” he said , putting a big hand on my shoulder . “ You have the blood of the Mojave Tribe in you . ”
I just looked dumbly up at him , unable to process what he was saying .
“ If you did n't , you would n't be alive right now. ” He put an outstretched finger to his lips and hushed me . “ You were here to kill yourself too , but you could n't go through with it like the other two could . They would n't believe us about the Bleeding Hollow anyways . They never do , ” he glanced behind him , where the deputies stood watching the bodies .
“ There was a brutal murder here , ” he said . “ When the West was expanding . A chief was bled out here . His Spirit never stopped bleeding . This is why one does not camp in Salt Cedars in the Mojave Desert , boy , for the spirits in them are ever-watchful in the dead of night . ”
Canonical , Ubuntu 's parent company , has spoken with the developers of Banshee , which is to be the default music player in next version of Ubuntu Linux , and announced a `` compromise '' on how to handle Banshee 's revenue from its built-in Amazon Store connection . Banshee 's programmers are not happy .
Banshee had been devoting all the funds it made from its Amazon Store connection to the GNOME Foundation . Canonical wanted Banshee to either disable the Amazon Store connection coming on by default , which competed with its own Ubuntu One music store , or take a 75 % cut of any revenue from the Banshee/Amazon stream .
So , Canonical started to talk with Banshee about finding a more equitable solution . Well , Canonical did come up with another proposal , but it has n't made the Banshee community very happy .
Here 's what Canonical 's of Online Services , Cristian Parrino , proposed ,
As discussed , I wanted to follow up with the plan I outlined on the call - and reiterate my apologies and responsibility for a situation that has resulted in the worst outcome for everyone , including putting the Banshee team in an awkward position . As such : In Ubuntu 11.04 , Banshee will have both the Amazon MP3 and Ubuntu One music stores turned on by default .
We will contribute 25 % of the revenue from the Amazon MP3 store to the GNOME Foundation .
We will also start contributing 25 % of revenue from the Ubuntu One Music Store on both Banshee and Rhythmbox , to the GNOME Foundation . Recognizing that it is important to not only bring choice to Ubuntu users , but to also generate revenue to continue our investment in Ubuntu , and to ensure we can contribute effectively to the GNOME Foundation -- we believe this plan fairly addresses the interests of all parties .
Sources on the Banshee side feel that Canonical dictated these terms . As written 75 % of Banshee 's Amazon MP3 sales will still go to Canonical , and 25 % of all music sales on Ubuntu , not just from Banshee , will go to GNOME .
This is not what the Banshee developer community wanted .
Aaron Bockover , Banshee 's creator , wrote that , while he was `` not speaking on behalf of the Banshee community , '' he did have a `` vision of the execution of this revenue sharing from a technical and accounting perspective '' and that
One thing that does concern me is that while this issue was discussed between Canonical and the Banshee maintainers many times , I am not aware of Canonical involving anyone in the actual Ubuntu community . I will be interested to see how we end up handling this matter technically , and what , if anything , Canonical does regarding packaging , patching , and involving the existing Ubuntu packagers and contributors . Finally , I am excited about the new potential Banshee has in the near future to generate truly significant referral revenue for the GNOME Foundation as we near Banshee 2.0 and its availability on Windows and Mac OS X , where we will fully control its distribution as an upstream .
I think we can safely say that the Banshee community is n't happy . I ca n't blame them .
The stakes are small -- Banshee 's Amazon revenue to date is less than five-figures and it all went to another open-source project -- but the principle is n't . Open-source companies and projects should n't dictate terms to one another , and that 's what sounds to me is what happened .
I understand the potential is there for music purchasing on Ubuntu to become a sizable revenue stream , but Canonical handled this badly . I think it would be better if Canonical were to offer a fairer share of the revenue to Banshee . As it is , sorry my Ubuntu buddies , this just does n't look good .
To prevent this kind of thing happening in the future I suggest that open-source projects that include provisions that have the potential to self-generate revenue come to agreement before they 're bundled together on how this revenue is to be handled . In some ways this is a classic case of what happens when people , groups , and companies makes deals without contracts : everyone starts with good intentions but then the details ends up causing an avoidable mess .
All victims in Berrien County Courthouse shooting ID'ed Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved Undated courtesy photos of Joseph Zangaro ( left ) and Ronald Kienzle ( right ) were killed at the Berrien County courthouse July 11 , 2016 . ( WNDU ) [ + - ] Video
24 Hour News 8 web staff -
ST. JOSEPH , Mich. ( WOOD ) -- The Berrien County Courthouse will remain closed through Tuesday after two bailiffs were shot and killed during an inmate transfer Monday .
Sheriff Paul Bailey identified the court officers as Joseph Zangaro , 61 , and Ronald Kienzle , 63 . Zangaro was the head of courthouse security and had been with the Berrien County trial court since May 2004 , according the the sheriff 's office . He previously retired as commander of the Michigan State Police Bridgman post .
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved Undated courtesy photos of Joseph Zangaro ( left ) and Ronald Kienzle ( right ) were killed at the Berrien County courthouse July 11 , 2016 . ( WNDU )
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved Undated courtesy photos of Joseph Zangaro ( left ) and Ronald Kienzle ( right ) were killed at the Berrien County courthouse July 11 , 2016 . ( WNDU )
Ron Kienzle worked for the Berrien County trial court since April 2005 . He previously retired as a sergeant from the Benton Charter Township Police Department after serving in the United States Army .
`` Our hearts are torn apart . They were our friends , they were my colleagues . I 've known them for over 30 years . So it 's a sad day , `` a visibly emotional Sheriff Paul Bailey said during a 6:15 p.m. news conference updating the investigation .
Retired Benton Township officer Kim Fowler worked with both Zangaro and Kienzle . He said they were the type of officers you 'd want if you had an issue .
`` It still has n't completely sunk in yet . It 's hard to believe , especially two at the same time . And it 's gut-wrenching ; it makes you consider your own life and taking care of your family and realizing it 's a day-to-day thing , '' Fowler said .
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved An undated courtesy photo of Kenya Ellis . ( Facebook )
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved An undated courtesy photo of Kenya Ellis . ( Facebook )
Bailey said deputy James Atterberry Jr. , 41 , was shot in the arm . He underwent surgery and was in stable condition at a local hospital Monday night . He has worked for Berrien County since August 1998 and joined the sheriff 's office in July 2002 , according to a release from the sheriff 's office .
Relatives have also identified the fourth and final shooting victim as Kenya Ellis . She was listed in stable condition Monday evening at a local hospital .
Bailey identified the suspect as 44-year-old Larry Darnell Gordon of Coloma , who was in custody on several felony charges .
TRANSFER GONE WRONG
The shooting happened around 2:15 p.m. at the courthouse on Port Street in downtown St. Joseph , after Gordon got into a fight with a deputy escorting him to a hearing , the sheriff said . He said the deputy had just secured the door of his holding cell when Gordon began fighting him and disarmed him . Bailey said the inmate wounded the deputy before shooting and killing Zangaro and Kienzle . Gordon made it to a third floor hallway where he shot the woman .
Investigators said Gordon also tried to take hostages before two other bailiffs and several other officers took him down . Gordon was shot and killed .
The sheriff said all indications are that Gordon was trying to break out of jail .
Bailey said as soon as Michigan State Police are finished processing the scene , the victims ' bodies will be removed from the courthouse and taken to Grand Rapids for autopsies .
Berrien County Courthouse shooting The scene outside the Berrien Co . Courthouse Monday in St. Joseph . ( Courtesy : WNDU-TV ) Location of the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph Police outside the Berrien County Courthouse on July 11 , 2016 . Police outside the Berrien County Courthouse on July 11 , 2016 . Officers are comforted outside of the Berrien County Courthouse after two bailiffs were fatally shot by an inmate on July 11 , 2016 . An officer outside the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph . ( July 11 , 2016 ) The flag at the Berrien County Courthouse at half staff in honor of the two bailiffs killed . ( July 12 , 2016 ) Memorial at the Berrien County Sheriff 's Office following the fatal shooting at the courthouse . ( July 12 , 2016 ) Memorial at the Berrien County Sheriff 's Office following the fatal shooting at the courthouse . ( July 12 , 2016 ) Chalk memorial in front of bailiff Ron Kienzle 's home . ( July 12 , 2016 ) Flowers and officers seen outside home of bailiff Joseph Zangaro , who was shot and killed at the Berrien County Courthouse . ( July 12 , 2016 )
' A TERRIBLE DAY IN A WONDERFUL COMMUNITY '
Gov . Rick Snyder visited Berrien County Monday evening to address the shooting .
He called it `` a terrible day in a wonderful community '' and asked for prayers from all Michiganders .
`` This is terrible and we need to be supportive of law enforcement . We need to support the families that have lost someone , '' Snyder said .
We all need to reach out and be supportive of law enforcement in our state and across the country . - Governor Rick Snyder ( @ onetoughnerd ) July 11 , 2016
Bailey said Michigan State Police were interviewing courthouse employees who were on the third floor during the incident . Counselors will be on hand to help those who are grieving , he said .
'WE WILL MOVE FORWARD '
The sheriff said he 's been overwhelmed with supportive calls and texts .
`` We need prayers and the families need your prayers especially . And we will move forward , '' Bailey added .
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved Undated courtesy photo of deputy James Atterberry Jr. who was injured in the Berrien County Courthouse shooting . ( Courtesy Berrien County Administration )
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved Undated courtesy photo of deputy James Atterberry Jr. who was injured in the Berrien County Courthouse shooting . ( Courtesy Berrien County Administration )
Many people did just that Monday night , uniting for prayer vigils at several Benton Harbor churches .
At Brotherhood of All Nations Church , community members gathered to support Atterberry , whose father is bishop of the church .
`` God , even in the midst of this tragedy , he spared my nephew . And I thank God for that . I mean , it could 've been way worse than what it is , '' said his uncle Robert Atterberry .
In a post to Facebook , Rep. Al Pscholka announced plans to honor law enforcement by walking from the Berrien County Courthouse to the Law Enforcement Memorial at Lake Bluff Park in St. Jospeh . The memorial walk starts at 2 p.m. Tuesday .
ANNAPOLIS , Md . -- The Naval Academy Class of 2014 received their service assignments Dec. 4 , a milestone that puts them one step closer to joining the fleet and Marine Corps as commissioned officers .
But the military they 're entering is n't the same as it was when they first came to the Naval Academy in the summer of 2009 .
With budgetary constraints and the drawdown of U.S. military forces in Iraq and Afghanistan , the Class of 2014 is the first group of Naval Academy graduates in more than a decade who are n't sure exactly what they will be facing after graduation .
`` These young men and women are on the cusp of entering the fleet and Marine Corps during very uncertain times . A volatile budget environment and longer deployments await many of these future officers , '' said Naval Academy Superintendent Vice Adm. Michael Miller . `` But just like in years past , they will take the education and training from the Naval Academy and make us very proud defending our nation 's freedom and serving as America 's 911 force . ''
Overall , the midshipmen share Miller 's positive outlook .
`` While my class is one of the first since 9/11 not to go immediately into war , I still feel as though I will be able to have an impact on the operations that the U.S military participates in daily , '' said Midshipman 1st Class Colleen Randolph , of Annapolis , Md. , who selected Marine Corps ground officer .
`` Regardless of what types of engagements the military is involved in , whether it 's combat , taking part in humanitarian assistance or helping establish our constant forward presence , I am excited about the opportunity to contribute . ''
Randolph 's reference to Navy and Marine Corps peacetime missions echoes a recent interview with Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus published in `` The Diplomat , '' in which Mabus said that `` the job for the Navy and Marine Corps is to be flexible . ''
That flexibility is what attracted Randolph to the Marine Corps , along with Marines ' commitment to serving each other and the nation , she said .
`` It is my hope that the drawdown and budget cuts will not severely deter my ability to carry out that commitment in the future , '' she said .
Midshipman 1st Class Julia Zook , of Seattle , Wash. , feels the same determination to serve .
`` I think at this point I 'm willing to do anything for my country , '' she said . `` It 's all about the dedication . ''
Zook comes from a family of naval aviators and has wanted to fly since high school . During her company 's service assignment ceremony , she got her wish .
`` To be able to carry on their legacy is incredible , '' said Zook . `` This is a moment in your Naval Academy career when you remember thinking as a plebe , 'Am I ever going to get to that spot ? I ca n't wait to feel what they feel . ' You ca n't put it into words . ''
Sting and his wife Trudie Styler bought the Manhattan penthouse duplex at 15 Central Park West in 2008 . They 're asking $ 56 Million for the Robert A.M. Stern Architects-designed two-story penthouse with stunning Central Park views .
Located in the House section of 15 Central Park West , this expansive duplex penthouse offers 140 feet of park frontage on two floors in Stern 's iconic limestone-clad residence directly situated on Central Park . Every little thing Sting 's penthouse does is magic .
The floorplan for the 5,417-square-foot property was specifically custom designed for Sting and Trudie , the original and current owner . The couple originally paid $ 27 million for the property . If you love somebody , or someplace , set them free
The beautifully designed property , with 43 feet of frontage on Central Park , is represented by Corcoran 's Deborah Kern and Sotheby 's Suzun J Bennet .
The apartment is configured as a three-bedroom unit , with a home office/fourth bedroom .
Designer Lee F. Mindel added two custom , sculptural spiral staircases .
The living room features a distinctive open fireplace .
There are 10-foot ceilings throughout the penthouse .
This bathroom comes with stunning New York views .
Here 's one of Sting 's bedrooms .
The chef 's kitchen has two full-sized refrigerators , a Viking range and four ovens , and three Miele dishwashers .
There are colorful accents throughout the apartment .
Residents at the building enjoy extensive amenities including a full staff , landscaped motor court , garage , 14,000 sq . ft. fitness center , 75 ft. sky-lit lap pool , steam sauna , screening room , private restaurant/catering , wine rooms , library , business center , meeting space , game room , outdoor terrace and playroom .
The Ninth Circuit ruled that “ Google ” is n't a generic trademark . This is n't a surprise because a district court already reached this conclusion in 2014 . See my prior blog post , “ Google Successfully Defends Its Most Valuable Asset In Court. ” Still , the Ninth Circuit 's ruling hands Google–and other well-known brand owners–a powerful and emphatic win .
The court 's opinion delves deeply into genericide geekery , but the top-line conclusion is unambiguous . The court says plainly that “ verb use does not automatically constitute generic use. ” This eviscerates the plaintiff 's case because , as Judge Watford says in a concurrence , “ the plaintiffs produced thousands of pages of largely irrelevant evidence showing merely that ‘ google ' is sometimes used as a verb . ”
To reach its conclusion , the court says that “ we now recognize that an internet user might use the verb “ google ” in an indiscriminate sense , with no particular search engine in mind ; or in a discriminated sense , with the Google search engine in mind. ” The court gives an example :
Elliott purports to offer an example of generic use by T-Pain , a popular rap music artist . But we will not assume that T-Pain is using the word “ google ” in a generic sense simply because he tells listeners to “ google [ his ] name. ” T-Pain , Bottlez , on rEVOLVEr ( RCA Records 2011 ) . Without further evidence regarding T-Pain 's inner thought process , we can not tell whether he is using “ google ” in a discriminated or indiscriminate sense .
This “ discriminate ” / ” indiscriminate ” distinction is a win for other very popular trademarks . For example , the court analogizes the oft-used Kleenex example :
We acknowledge that if a trademark is used as an adjective , it will typically be easier to prove that the trademark is performing a source-identifying function . If a speaker asks for “ a Kleenex tissue , ” it is quite clear that the speaker has a particular brand in mind . But we will not assume that a speaker has no brand in mind simply because he or she uses the trademark as a noun and asks for “ a Kleenex . ”
Want to say “ Do you Yahoo ? ” Go for it !
Most of Elliott 's evidence failed because it was designed to show widespread consumer use of Google as a verb , rather than the required showing “ that the primary significance of the word ‘ google ' to the relevant public is as a name for internet search engines generally and not as a mark identifying the Google search engine in particular. ” As a result , the court disregards :
* evidence that Google used its own mark as a verb ( adding that lower-case usage is just “ grammatical formalism ” ) .
* evidence that “ Google ” is listed in dictionaries because ( A ) the dictionaries ' first definition referenced it as a brand , and ( B ) the secondary definition just reinforced the plaintiff 's basic point that some consumers use “ Google ” as a verb for searching . “ Elliott argues that these dictionaries only refer to the GOOGLE trademark because Google threatened to take legal action if the companies refused to acknowledge its registration . Contrary to Elliott 's assumption , Google 's policing activities weigh against finding genericide. ” Yay for trademark bullying of dictionary publishers !
* the lack of good synonyms . “ Because not a single competitor calls its search engine ‘ a Google , ' and because members of the consuming public recognize and refer to different ‘ internet search engines , ' Elliott has not shown that there is no available substitute for the word ‘ google ' as a generic term . ”
* casual press references to Google as a verb :
Documented examples of generic use might support a claim of genericide if they reveal a prevailing public consensus regarding the primary significance of a registered trademark….However , if the parties offer competing examples of both generic and trademark use , this source of evidence is typically insufficient to prove genericide .
Implications
Big Win for Big Trademark Owners . The Google brand is one of the most valuable on earth . The court emphatically endorsed all of its practices ( and the significant dollars Google spent preparing this case ) . I 'm sure Google will face other genericide challenges in the future , but this ruling will make such challenges difficult or impossible . Other big brands whose trademarks are often used as verbs or nouns also have a lot of reason to cheer this ruling .
Implications for Keyword Advertising Cases ? Though the case does n't directly discuss competitive keyword advertising , its ruling may affect those cases . The court makes an interesting distinction between “ discriminate ” and “ indiscriminate ” trademark usage by consumers . The former means the consumer is searching for the brand ; the latter means that the consumer is thinking about the class of goods that includes the trademark without thinking of any brand in particular . Extrapolated to the competitive keyword advertising context , that 's exactly what happens when consumers use a trademark as a keyword . Some consumers want the trademark owner and no one else ; while other consumers are seeking the class of goods and not really thinking about the trademark owner . The Ninth Circuit 's framework can be invoked by competitive keyword advertising defendants to highlight that there is a class of consumers who refer to the trademark but do n't intend to find just the trademark owner . Depending on how many courts value that consumer cohort , it could be fatal to a plaintiff 's case .
Case citation : Elliott v. Google , Inc. , 2017 WL 2112311 ( 9th Cir . May 16 , 2017 )
Here 's your must-watch TV clip of the morning .
Last night on Crossfire , openly gay CNN columnist and sportswriter LZ Granderson positively obliterated Ken `` The Cooch '' Cuccinelli , the former Virginia Republican attorney general and gubernatorial candidate .
The subject was the rash of proposed `` right to discriminate '' laws that have been cropping up in states across the country , most famously in Arizona . Under the guise of protecting `` religious freedom , '' these measures would create a special right for anti-LGBT individuals and businesses to refuse to serve LGBT people as long as they claim their religion tells them to .
Host Van Jones asked Cuccinelli , a notoriously outspoken proponent of sodomy laws , what the difference is `` between [ a business owner ] putting up a sign that says 'no gays allowed ' versus 'no blacks allowed ' . '' The Cooch smarmily rejected the comparison , and Granderson pounced .
`` What are you talking about ? `` , he asked . As the Cooch tried repeatedly to cut him off , Granderson admonished him and others for `` wrapping [ their ] homophobia in the Bible and trying to find Scripture to jutify [ their ] homophobia . ''
`` Just because you 're uncomfortable with something does not mean it is against your religious faith , '' Granderson said .
Then Cuccinelli tried to get Granderson to say that he ( the Cooch ) is n't a homophobe . LZ 's response ? Yes , Kenny , you are .
Watch , after the jump .
01
A Good Public Square Promotes People Flow
Greg Coleridge on a Public Square for Public Marches : The old Public Square was a popular staging area for public marches . “ In the past , ” Coleridge says , “ we would circle one or two of the four quadrants before going somewhere else. ” He says the new Public Square wo n't affect the routes of any major public marches , but “ one could easily envision the new square affecting how they form. ” The new design makes it far easier for a crowd to encircle the park , or walk through it , which would let a march attract more attention before setting out .
James Corner on the Promenade Ribbon : To transform the four quadrants of the old Public Square into one park , Corner 's team closed one road , reduced the width of the remaining avenue , and surrounded the park with a “ promenade ribbon ” that encourages visitors to walk around—and through—the park . “ Those journeys , especially the diagonal ones , were not available before , ” Corner says , adding that they are an essential feature of parks in which “ the interaction of a diverse mix of people is allowed to really play out . ”
02
Visibility is Good for Democracy
Greg Coleridge on Visibility and the Shape of Public Space : Coleridge says circle- and square-shaped spaces lend themselves to public demonstration . “ Everyone can see each other and everyone has a sense of equality , ” he says . But the new Public Square is neither circular nor rectilinear . “ It 's an hourglass , ” he says . It 's true , the new Public Square affords sightlines the old design did not—especially on the diagonals . But large swaths are separated by trees and gardens that limit visibility .
James Corner on Seeing and Being Seen : One of the great joys of a well-designed public space , Corner says , is the simple act of people seeing one another . Among Public Square 's most notable new features are its primary sight lines , which extend in long diagonals across the plaza . “ Seeing and being seen , and being juxtaposed with people who are n't really like you , is important for fostering tolerance and diversity , ” Corner says . “ It 's an extraordinarily social form of public life , that , in a sense , supports democracy. ” He adds that democracy in action takes many forms . “ It 's the most dominant form is protest and large assembly , and those are important , ” he says . “ But I also think democracy plays out in everyday life . ”
03
Cleveland 's Official Speakers Platform Will Attract an Audience
Paul Wertheimer on the Fountain : Cleveland officials will erect a speaking platform at the southern end of the park , from which people will be permitted to make 30-minute speeches between 9:30 am and 6:30 pm every day of the convention . “ Any sizeable crowd will extend up to , and beyond , the fountain in front of the speakers platform , ” Wertheimer says . Authorities should make sure the fountain is turned off , to ensure that people can gather there . Public Square is already pretty small , he says , and “ there 's a good chance they 'll need the space . ”
04
Unofficial Speakers Platforms Could Attract Audiences , Too
James Corner on the Sloping Lawn : “ It 's important to support the unpredictable in public spaces , ” Corner says . “ I think the best spaces for free speech are the everyday spaces that are designed for generosity , openness , and flexibility. ” The lawn 's edges slope inward to create a mild amphitheater effect at the lawn 's center . “ It 's really intended for picnics , sitting in the sun , looking on the city , ” Corner says , “ but it also lends itself to larger political gatherings and events . ”
Paul Wertheimer on Impromptu Speakers Platforms : Cleveland officials have forbidden the use of soapboxes and other makeshift podiums , but a recent revision to the city 's definition of “ speakers platform ” indicates that people can use preexisting objects and topography to exercise their freedom of speech . “ If people want to stand on a curb , a bench , or at the top of a grassy hill , they can do it , ” Wertheimer says .
Greg Coleridge on Multiple Speakers Dividing Audience Attention : The park is full of design elements that could serve as impromptu speaking platforms , Coleridge says—though he worries this could divide crowds rather than unite them . “ Instead of addressing one whole group , you might have three different groups , three different sections , for three different speeches , ” he says . “ It does n't lend itself to a single , big event . ”
05
Statues Are Rallying Points
Greg Coleridge : Before Public Square 's redesign , a statue of early 20th Century Cleveland mayor Tom Johnson in the plaza 's northwest quadrant was a popular gathering point for anticorporate protests including , for many months , an Occupy Cleveland encampment . “ Johnson was a populist of a guy , ” Coleridge says . Today , the preserved statue is centered on the north side of the square , in front of what Coleridge describes as a bigger , more attractive , and more connected space .
06
Police Should be Present , Not Overwhelming
Paul Wertheimer on the Importance of an Off-Site Staging Area : It 's important to have police and firefighters at the ready , but too much police presence can make an event feel confrontational . “ The parking lot located across the street from the Public Square is a logical assembly point for Cleveland 's police and fire departments ” Wertheimer says , “ and police inside the park should be dressed in non-confrontational uniforms—no Robocop gear. ” An off-site staging area for personnel , vehicles , and riot equipment can help keep public tensions in check .
Greg Coleridge on History : In the past , Coleridge says , police in Public Square have been helpful in times of protest . “ They 've stopped traffic , even when we did n't have a permit to march in the street. ” But he worries police will be less obliging during the RNC . “ The new Public Square is meant to be a showcase , the crown jewel … I would imagine the police will be particularly vigilant about keeping order. ” The challenge for police , he says , is to allow people—even angry people—to express themselves , without resorting to violence .
07
An Overflow Area Could Reduce Crowd Density
Paul Wertheimer on Overflow : If authorities wind up with more people than they anticipated , a designated overflow area can help keep crowds safely contained . The roads surrounding the park could afford such a space . “ Authorities may decide to keep at least one side of the park closed off from overflow , or keep one of the surrounding lanes open , as an emergency lane for fire trucks , ambulances , police , and other official vehicles , ” Wertheimer says .
08
A Street Makes the Space Versatile
James Corner on the Flexibility of Superior Avenue : The street that runs through Public Square is primarily a bus route , but on special occasions that bus can be rerouted and the street 's path through the park cordoned off . “ You can imagine tents , festivals , carnivals being used on that space and allowing the two halves of the park to be more unified , ” Corner says .
Paul Wertheimer on Public Amenities : Public Square was not explicitly designed as a site for prolonged periods of public speaking or protest , “ so authorities may need to provide extra amenities , ” Wertheimer says . The center of the park , which is easily accessible by people in the square as well as by emergency vehicles via Superior Avenue , is a good location for toilets , water , and first aid .
During campaign stops throughout coal country , Donald Trump repeatedly promised to put miners back to work , vowing to reverse four decades of economic history .
In early May , speaking before a cheering West Virginia crowd filled with miners wearing hard hats or holding “ Trump Digs Coal ” signs , the then-Republican nominee pledged : “ Get ready because you 're going to be working your asses off . ”
With his upset victory last week , the president-elect now must make good on what many energy experts always saw as an empty promise—or , far more likely , explain in four years why he could n't .
Few doubts the Trump administration will move swiftly to unravel environmental rules that are wildly unpopular across the fossil fuel industry , allowing a dangerous rise in greenhouse gas emissions . But observers say no amount of regulatory rollbacks can bring the coal sector roaring back at this point .
That 's because regulations are n't the industry 's real problem—market forces are . Coal 's true rival is cheap natural gas , which was freed in soaring volumes during the last decade through fracking . Coal 's economics meant it simply could n't compete .
Meanwhile , mining jobs have been in decline since a boom in the 1970s , falling even while production climbed , largely due to shifts toward highly mechanized and less labor-intensive methods like mountaintop removal and strip mining . There were more than a quarter of a million U.S. coal mining jobs in 1979 . As of October , there were fewer than 54,000 , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Of course , none of this fits with the coal industry 's preferred narrative , which is that battered companies and miners are victims of the Obama administration 's environmentally obsessed “ war on coal . ”
“ If the industry had spent more time trying to innovate and solve their problems , instead of shaking their fist at the EPA , they might be in a better position to compete , ” says James Van Nostrand , director of the Center for Energy and Sustainable Development at the West Virginia University College of Law .
Despite growing global demand for cleaner energy sources , the coal sector has so far made precious few research investments into the carbon capture and storage technologies necessary to make “ clean coal ” more than an empty slogan .
None of this is to say that a Trump administration wo n't make a show of trying to help the coal industry , as part of its broader ideologically driven push to deregulate energy . Trump said that climate change is a hoax perpetuated by China , vowed to back out of the landmark Paris climate agreement , argued for eliminating the Environmental Protection Agency , and promised to kill the Clean Power Plan . His campaign energy positions call for ending President Obama 's moratorium on new coal leases and unleashing “ hundreds of years in clean coal reserves , ” presumably by loosening restrictions on potential mining sites .
To be sure , some of these policy shifts could help maintain coal extraction and energy generation levels , and may even protect a limited number of jobs . In particular , the now endangered Clean Power Plan , which would require states to cut energy sector emissions , was expected to substantially reduce coal production and accelerate closures of coal-fired plants , according to an Energy Information Administration analysis .
But all of Trump 's potential changes would still do little to stimulate new demand for coal given that natural gas is expected to remain cheap and plentiful for the foreseeable future . After all , Trump has also promised to ease regulations on fracking .
At best , the president-elect 's policies may help slow the coal sector 's decline , but they wo n't return it to growth at this stage , says Chiza Vitta , a mining analyst with credit ratings firm Standard & Poor 's .
Critically , even if all these efforts fail to revitalize the coal industry , they would still exact an enormous toll . Trump 's energy policies may allow billions of tons of additional emissions , narrowing already low odds that the globe will avoid critical warming thresholds that could lock in a cascading series of environmental disasters .
* UPDATE : Collegestats.org has since removed the poll examined in this post from its website . In a statement , they said they had gotten feedback indicating readers were misinterpreting their data . They clarified that they could n't 100 % sure that all of the tweets were coming from students . “ By looking at the radii around campuses , we 're more so looking at derogatory language in college towns , not just the school itself , ” Domenica D'Ottavio , a rep for CollegeStats.org , told me . She said they had first geocoded tweets , and then found which school they were near to put together our rankings .
Recently , housing resource site Abodo released a study showing the most hate-filled places in America according to their tweets .
Now , CollegeStats.org , a group that compiles data on America 's colleges and universities , has prepared a similar report for schools in America .
They looked at tweets originating from within one mile of a college campus center with 1,000 to 4,999 full-time students , and within three miles of a college campus center with over 5,000 full-time students . ( Of course , this means that some tweets may be originating from residents living near the school ) . They then compared the overall set of words in the tweets with the amount of hate-words they contained to come up with what you might call a hate-ratio . You can find the list of words they looked up here .
Here are the results . First : The overall most hate-filled schools .
Advertisement
Next , the most anti-black .
Most anti-women .
Advertisement
And the most anti-women schools excluding the word `` bitch . '' Hello Yale !
And finally , the most homophobic . What is going on at Husson U ? .
Advertisement
And for balance , they also named the most politically correct schools in America .
You can find their full report here .
Rob covers business , economics and the environment for Fusion . He previously worked at Business Insider . He grew up in Chicago .
South Carolina “ Second Amendment ” Sales Tax Holiday is Nov. 28 – 29
Washington , DC –- ( Ammoland.com ) - South Carolina will waive the state 's sales and use tax on purchases of handguns , rifles and shotguns during the first annual Second Amendment Sales Tax Holiday Nov. 28 – 29 .
The 48-hour tax break on firearm purchases begins at 12:01 a.m. Nov. 28 and continues through midnight Nov. 29 .
The tax exemption also applies to any local sales and use tax .
State implemented sales tax holidays are not a new concept . However , recently , such holidays have been implemented to benefit distributors and purchasers of firearms , ammunition , and other outdoor sporting goods .
The South Carolina legislature passed legislation that created the “ Second Amendment ” holiday and it occurred for the first time in December of 2008 and gun sales soared ( 650 % increase in one day ) , resulting in a huge stimulus to the local firearms businesses of South Carolina .
About :
The Congressional Sportsmen 's Foundation celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2009 . Throughout this time , CSF has maintained a singleness of purpose that has guided the organization to become the most respected and trusted hunting and fishing organization in the political arena . Visit : www.sportsmenslink.org
Garry Monk , the Swansea manager , is keen to sign a new right-back this month and has targeted either Lowton or Tottenham Hotspur 's Kyle Naughton .
But Spurs 's asking price of £5million for Naughton means Lowton is emerging as a cheaper alternative and Swansea could make an offer .
Lowton is growing increasingly frustrated over a lack of first-team opportunities at Villa has met manager Paul Lambert to discuss his future .
The former Sheffield United defender has fallen out of favour with Lambert opting for Alan Hutton and is desperate to revive his career with a move away .
Lambert said : `` Matty is more frustrated than most because every time Alan has been suspended he 's come in and done well . He 's probably got a good case for going out on loan but I 'd be reluctant to let him out . We ca n't leave ourselves stretched . ''
Nottingham Forest failed with a bid to sign Lowton on loan this week , with Stuart Pearce eventually taking Todd Kane from Chelsea .
Meanwhile Anderlecht are ready to reject a Swansea bid to make Aleksandar Mitrovic an immediate replacement for Wilfried Bony .
Bony 's £30million move to Manchester City is understood to have sparked interest from Swansea in Serbian striker Mitrovic .
But sources at the Belgian club insist £15million-rated Mitrovic will not be sold this month , leaving Swansea to look elsewhere or wait until the summer .
Mitrovic , 20 , has scored 31 goals in 65 appearances for Anderlecht , including the 90th-minute equaliser in the 3-3 Champions League draw against Arsenal in November .
Mitrovic , 20 , has suggested his client will leave Anderlecht at the end of the season , with AC Milan touted as one possible destination .
“ It would be difficult for him to leave Anderlecht in January , but he 'll probably move in June , ” said Nenad Jestrovic , who represents Mitrovic . “ He 's ready for a big club , he 'll prove it .
“ I think he 's the best young striker on the market at the moment . Milan would be a nice club for Mitrovic to join , they 're still a massive club .
“ I 've heard about Milan 's interest , but they have n't contacted me . They have my phone number . Whoever wants the player will have to talk to me .
“ We hope he can go to a big club , he has to continue to train and be professional . ”
MIDDLETOWN , Ohio -- When Amber Jenkins heard something early Wednesday morning , she decided to get out of bed and check it out .
A man was in the back yard , she said , so she went to the rear laundry room to find out why he was there .
She told police she peered through back door with a cellphone light ; then , the man stuck his face in the window .
`` His face was , like , right at the glass , '' Jenkins said . `` I do n't know if he had been out in the rain , or if he was real sweaty , but he was real wet , and his eyes were crazy . He looked like -- something . He looked like a demon . ''
Jenkins asked him who he was .
`` He said that his name was Cornbread , '' she recalled . `` I said , ' I do n't know any Cornbread , ' and he said , 'Well , you 're going to know who Cornbread is . ' ''
At that point , Jenkins said she ran to lock the door between the laundry room and the rest of the house , and she huddled with her daughters as she called police .
`` I was in my bedroom with all three of our daughters , and all I heard was 'thud , thud , thud , ' over and over and over again , '' she said . `` The only thing I could think was that he was throwing his whole body into the door trying to get through . ''
Middletown officers said they found the man , later identified as Joshua Lee Wilson , sitting on the home 's back step .
`` He was sweating profusely stating that he was just there to see his daughter , '' the officers wrote in their report . And , they said , he kept looking at the back door , telling them his daughter was inside , sometimes acting as though he was talking to her .
Wilson had ripped the screen out of a storm door and broken a window to get into the laundry room , according to the police report . And he was trying to get into Jenkins ' home , they said .
She thinks that was the loud `` thud '' she heard .
`` All I could think was , if he made it past that door into our kitchen , he was obviously going to look for us , '' she said .
Wilson was charged with aggravated burglary and criminal damaging and booked into the Middletown City Jail .
Amber 's fiance , Adam Gardner , said he 's upset he was at work at the time . And , like Jenkins , he said he wonders what might have happened if the man got inside .
`` What does it take somebody in their head , like , that they can just enter somebody 's house and do something like that , you know ? It kills me that I was n't here . ''
To kick off his final week before leaving The Daily Show for the summer , Jon Stewart had another go at the IRS for the ongoing scandal over the targeting of tea party groups . Stewart expressed mock sympathy for the IRS and indulged in a little schadenfraude , asking “ Where 's your receipts , assholes ? ” Stewart wryly remarked , “ Sucks to get audited , does n't it ? ” and proceeded to mock-audit the IRS for its own ridiculous expenses .
Stewart brought up how former IRS commissioner Douglas Shulman was at the White House over 150 times , remarking that meeting with the president to scheme against his political opponents “ should really only take about one meeting , two tops ! ” However , Stewart did liken President Obama to a mobster who only summoned Shulman to ask , “ Did you take care of that thing ? ”
Stewart continued to turn the tables on the IRS with some devastating commentary on their actions .
“ You may have perfectly reasonable explanations for every action that you took , but that does n't mean we do n't need you to go back home and dig through another couple of shoeboxes until we get just that one document that we really need to see before we can be okay with your reasons . Why ? Fuck you , that 's why . ”
Stewart slammed the agency for a dance video that cost $ 1600 ( “ How the fuck did that cost $ 1600 ? Did the guy recording it drop his iPhone three times ? ” ) and the $ 50 million that was spent on a little over two hundred employee conferences . Stewart told the IRS , “ I do n't care… if you kept the receipts , ” and gleefully suggested they use TaxMasters to sort out their troubles .
Watch the video below , courtesy of Comedy Central :
—–
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter : @ feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
A 4-year-old boy shot in the back of the neck at a Council Bluffs home Thursday night is in extremely critical condition.Police provided the latest update on Qmarion Jones ' early Friday evening.The boy was first taken to CHI Health Creighton University Medical Center , then transferred to the Nebraska Medical Center . Council Bluffs police said he has since been transferred to Children 's Hospital and Medical Center.Investigators the shooting happened at the Northgate Apartments in Council Bluffs , around North 31st Street and Avenue L , around 5 p.m.Family told KETV NewsWatch 7 that after learning the boy had been shot , Qmarion 's mother drove him and an 8-year-old sibling to a nearby convenience store and asked for a defibrillator before heading to get help in Omaha . `` She does n't have a clue , '' said Tamarra West , Qmarion 's aunt . `` She has no idea what happened near her house . Her 8-year-old said , 'Someone shot my brother , ' and that was it . Now we 're here , unfortunately . `` Police said a rescue squad caught up with the woman and the boys in the area of 19th Street and West Broadway.Investigators said an 8-year-old boy in the home at the time of the shooting had access to a semi-automatic pistol . He has been placed into protective custody , and will remain in the care of the Department of Human Services , police said.According to Council Bluffs police , investigators determined that the gunshot was fired from inside the home . However , the weapon has not been recovered .
A 4-year-old boy shot in the back of the neck at a Council Bluffs home Thursday night is in extremely critical condition .
Police provided the latest update on Qmarion Jones ' early Friday evening .
Advertisement Related Content Council Bluffs toddler remains in critical condition Sunday
The boy was first taken to CHI Health Creighton University Medical Center , then transferred to the Nebraska Medical Center . Council Bluffs police said he has since been transferred to Children 's Hospital and Medical Center .
Investigators the shooting happened at the Northgate Apartments in Council Bluffs , around North 31st Street and Avenue L , around 5 p.m .
Family told KETV NewsWatch 7 that after learning the boy had been shot , Qmarion 's mother drove him and an 8-year-old sibling to a nearby convenience store and asked for a defibrillator before heading to get help in Omaha .
`` She does n't have a clue , '' said Tamarra West , Qmarion 's aunt . `` She has no idea what happened near her house . Her 8-year-old said , 'Someone shot my brother , ' and that was it . Now we 're here , unfortunately . ''
Police said a rescue squad caught up with the woman and the boys in the area of 19th Street and West Broadway .
Investigators said an 8-year-old boy in the home at the time of the shooting had access to a semi-automatic pistol . He has been placed into protective custody , and will remain in the care of the Department of Human Services , police said .
According to Council Bluffs police , investigators determined that the gunshot was fired from inside the home . However , the weapon has not been recovered .
AlertMe
Remember that Fatal 5-Way Hell in a Cell match from 2011 featuring WWE Champion John Cena vs. CM Punk vs. Alberto Del Rio vs. Jack Swagger vs. Dolph Ziggler ? If not , do n't worry , the match never aired on television – but has finally seen the light of day .
Back in September 2011 , John Cena captured the WWE Championship from Alberto Del Rio at that year 's Night of Champions pay-per-view . It was a short reign for Cena , who lost the title back to Del Rio just weeks later at the Hell in a Cell pay-per-view in a match that also involved CM Punk .
In between those title changes , WWE held a Fatal 5-Way HIAC match after the September 26th , 2011 edition of WWE RAW . Ahead of tonight 's Hell in a Cell pay-per-view , WWE has uploaded the match for your viewing pleasure .
The match went all of 5 minutes and there was really not much about the match that stands out as memorable or even warranting use of the cell structure .
Nevertheless , the match did occur and probably belongs on this list of the 5 Worst Hell in a Cell Matches Ever .
Join us here later tonight for our WWE Hell in a Cell Live Results & Discussion .
Whatta day , here 's how it started . I woke up around 5 am , drank lots of coffee , did work stuff , got word around 8:15 that Alex Bregman would get the call this weekend and was set to join the surging Astros in Seattle . I then proceeded to pat myself on the back , throw a finger to the haters , and all the people who lived in the buildings I was prospecting in front of that called the cops on me when I was trying to make some money to feed my daughter . It was show and prove time for mi numero uno perspectiva fantasia . No longer would readers lament my existence while they starred down a dead spot on their rosters . For it was Bregman day and it was glorious . Then POOF it was n't , as A.J . Hinch decided to open his fat mouth and tell everyone that numero uno perspectiva fantasia Alex Bregman , would NOT be joining the team in Seattle . He did offer one assurance , Bregman could help the team down the stretch . Ahhhhh , hi A.J. , my name 's Ralph , NO SH * * . I 've only been saying that forever . Does n't matter , he 's coming up . Maybe not this weekend , but maybe next week . Hell , maybe Monday ! I 'm the captain of the SS prospector , and I will sink this ship before I change course ! Knowing I was writing this post for today , I thought “ how appropriate everything is coming together for Ralph , The Summer of Ralph ! ! ! ” . Meh , enough of that let 's talk about the rookies that will give your redraft team a boost in the second half .
Alex Bregman , SS/3B Astros : “ Heyyyyyy , you were just talking about this guy. ” Yeah , no shizz dummy I 'm done been talking about this guy. ” He 's pretty much the Leonardo of my prospect ninja turtles . He went 3 for 5 in the Futures Game and finished a homer run short of the cycle . He 's done all he can do in the minors , it 's time to unleash this beast on the world . He 's going to give you slashline nirvana , with average , on base skills , and power , all part of the package . His multi-position eligibility will only boost his value .
Trea Turner , 2B/SS/OF Nationals : Welp , he finally got the call before the break , god damn I hope this one sticks . Turner gives the kind of varied production and counting stats potential that wins championships . The power wo n't be eye-popping , but the speed will be close to that , and he 'll help you in batting average . Let 's hope Dusty does n't screw this one up .
Lucas Giolito , SP Nationals : He was demoted pre-break to keep him on a regular schedule , he should be promoted again this weekend . You saw how good he can be , and that he 's also still a rookie in his first two starts . Expect more of the same but he 'll have his moments of dominance .
Aaron Judge , OF Yankees : This one comes with a qualifier , how hurt is he ? If the PCL sprain is minor and he 'll be good to go by say August 1st , he could have a major impact on how home run and RBI categories are decided down the stretch . He 's 24 , there 's no reason to hold him down for the zombies that make up the Yankees lineup .
Josh Bell , 1B/OF Pirates : In his first three plate appearances he 's 2-2 with a walk , a grand slam , and 3 runs scored . Yes he 's scored in every at bat he 's had in the majors , he also has more runs than at bats . Give him the reins at first and see what happens , Pirates ! ! John Jaso 's emergence has only had minimal financial gains for the organization based on t-shirts sales in the lots of the current Dead & Co. tour .
Jose de Leon , SP Dodgers : Since returning from the DL in early June , De Leon has made 7 starts and put up some pretty eye-piping numbers in the hitter friendly PCL . How eye popping ? Try on a 13.35 K/9 to a 3.34 Bb/9 , and a 3.03 ERA . He 's been a little homer prone , but Dodger Stadium and some road dates in San Diego and San Francisco should help . He 's a big K pitcher , and probably would have been up already had it not been for injuries . In fact I would n't be shocked if De Leon provides more value than Urias in the second half of 2016 .
Hunter Renfroe , OF Padres : If I told you I knew what to expect I 'd be lying . He 's a Padres hitting prospect , reliant on home runs to really be of value . That 's not to say he wo n't hit enough homers to be of value , but I 'd be cautious . He 's nearly allergic to walks , this lowers his floor in my opinion .
Manuel Margot , OF Padres : The Friars really do have a handful of potentially impactful prospects in close proximity . Margot for my money , long term at least , could be the best of them all . There 's a bit of a log jam now with Matt Kemp , Melvin Upton Jr. , Jon Jay , Alex Dickerson , and Travis Janikowski . I 'd be interested to see if any of the aforementioned trio of Kemp , Upton , and Jay find a one way ticket out of town . If so , that 's when you 'll see an outfield of Margot , Renfroe , and Dickerson .
Tyler Glasnow , SP Pirates : I feel like I should cut and paste the Giolito blurb , but I ca n't because only one sentence makes sense . You saw the good and the bad on Glasnow in his one start . He can dominate one inning and get himself into a jam the next . The strikeouts will always be there .
Carlos Asuaje , 2B/3B Padres : Yet another Padres prospect , you 'd think they have a chance to be good in a few years . I 'm not sure that they have great prospects as much as they have close prospects . Asuaje was the throw in the Kimbrel deal and he 's gained a ton of buzz in the first half performing nobly in minors .
Jordan Patterson , OF the Rockies : Recently Patterson has seen time at firstbase with AAA Albuquerque , this is a good development for a potential promotion to Coors . The lefty bat offers some 5 category production , with his weakest asset , his power , getting a boost in Denver . Once again , we would need some trade help to clear up a log jam , but a few of these will happen . Patterson is a worthy flier for a power/speed guy on a bad team in a good hitting environment going nowhere .
Jeff Hoffman , SP Rockies : A big upside arm who 's stock has been hurt by his future at Coors . Jonathan Gray and Tyler Chatwood , have shown Rockies pitchers can be useful in spurts , and Hoffman has as much ability , if not more , than both of them . His 4.03 ERA in the PCL on its face looks unspectacular , but he 's had two awful starts over the last month that have inflated his ERA .
David Dahl , OF the Rockies : This one seemed like a bit of a long shot as recently as a month ago . Even though Dahl was raking at AA Hartford I expected him to remain on the Yardgoats until late July . That did n't happen , he was promoted to Albuquerque on Independence Day and has done nothing but mash since joining the Isotopes . If only they stayed in Springfield . I 'm still skeptical of a promotion to Colorado before September without a string of injuries or trades going down , but it is Colorado so both are viable .
Ryon Healy , 3B Athletics : He 's been killing the PCL in the first half , and looks like he 's ready to get his first run in Oakland . Should provide a little pop , with average and on base . He 's shown the ability to do all three the last two and a half seasons across three levels . Though I would n't expect the slugger we saw in AA early this term .
Orlando Arcia , SS Brewers : Admittedly , I 'm lower on Arcia than many in the prospect world . Why you ask ? Because he looks like a .260 hitter with speed , at least for 2016 . His numbers are n't gaudy for playing in one of the better hitting environments in the minors , so I 'd temper my expectations .
Jose Berrios , SP Twins : The first go around was not great , but he 's been lights out of late for Rochester . Looking unhittable in the 4 starts proceeding Friday 's mediocre turn at Scranton .
Joey Gallo , 1B/3B/OF Rangers : In terms of talent and ability we 're talking one of the top 5 players listed in this post . The problem is , where does he play . He 'll surpass his rookie limits at some point in the next three months . The question is , will it be in July , August , or September . Should be added immediately in all leagues upon promotion .
Jake Thompson , SP Phillies : Since making a mechanical adjustment following a May 31st schalacking at the hands of Norfolk , Thompson has been lights out . How lights out ? Try 4-0 over 7 starts with a 0.79 ERA , a .204 batting average against , and an increased GB % . He 'll never be a K/9 stalwart , but he 'll have his useful moments as a streamer .
Braden Shipley , SP Diamondbacks : The D-Backs top pitching prospect has been solid at AAA Reno this year , and pitched in yesterday 's AAA mid-summer Classic . His profile of low K/9 and rough home park make him less than desirable . I prefer the aforementioned Thompson a touch more .
Jesse Winker , OF Reds : I was extremely excited for Winker coming into the season , and while his average and OBP have been up to snuff , the non-existent power kills his value . Too bad because he 's shown mid-teen power throughout his professional career . He 's also shown the ability to walk more than he strikes out , with walk rates in the mid-teens .
Robert Stephenson , SP Reds : Another much ballyhooed Reds prospect that 's been less than advertised at AAA . He 's now been passed over by each and every pitcher he could be passed over for in the upper levels of the Reds system . The walks are an issue , starting to wonder if he might be better suited for the pen . He 's here because he could get hot and string together some solid starts .
Joe Musgrove , SP Astros : Was phenomenal in AA earlier this season , but has struggled here and there during his stay in Fresno . He started the futures game , and has sported solid K rates , and Bb/9 's in the low 1 's throughout his time in the minors . Could see a few starts here and there .
Alex Dickerson , OF Padres : Has been solid in his 18 games with San Diego so far in 2016 . During his time in AAA earlier this year Dickerson slashed .382/.425/.524 . Seems like a guy who could schmotato his way into your lineup .
Longshots With Some Buzz : Players that might not be up until September if at all , but there 's something that makes me not want to dismiss them altogether .
Yoan Moncada , 2B Red Sox : This is a long shot , but much of this tier is . If you saw the Futures Game then you know why there 's so much fuss about him . If there 's an injury to Pedroia in the second half the calls for Moncada will reach red alert levels . The Boston ownership is far more susceptible to fan influence than they 'd like to admit . Plus he looks big league ready . Dombrowski 's waxing poetic about his success with promoting directly from AA when questioned on Benintendi , tells me it could happen . If he does find himself in the Red Sox lineup , OH MY GOD ! !
Andrew Benintendi , OF Red Sox : If you read the above blurb on Moncada then you know that Red Sox GM Dave Dombrowski mentioned that he was n't opposed to promoting players directly from AA . I do feel we see Benintendi and Moncada at some point this year . Whether it 's with the Sox is a matter of debate . Benintendi is easier to part with than Moncada . It 's not strictly a talent thing either , it 's the $ 35 million they spent to sign him , and the additional $ 20- $ 25 million in penalties for exceeding their pool . Is it possible that Benintendi could be showcased for a week or so , and then moved ? Maybe but not likely , a more likely scenario is that the duo see Boston sometime in late August to early September . Anything earlier would be due to injury . I 've said this a million times but it bears repeating , Benintendi and Moncada are 5 category contributors and will have a very real impact in fantasy .
Ben Gamel , OF Yankees : Okay so I 'm digging deep here , but maybe he gets some power/speed numbers if some of the Yankees zombies get sold off or die on the field .
Gary Sanchez , C Yankees : We 've been hearing about Sanchez for what seems like forever , but he s still just 23 . He played in last nights AAA all-star game for the International League , going 0-1 . Would n't be shocked if we see him this month .
Dan Vogelbach , 1B Cubs : Played for the PCL side in last nights AAA ASG . I wanted to see him many three letters capitalized groups I could use in a sentence . Vogelbach , has continued to hit , slashing .312/.426/.547 . Ideally he 's traded to an American League team in need of a DH/1B , and starts immediately . Seems like a real possibility .
Chad Pinder 2B/SS Athletics : A power hitting middle infielder that rarely walks and strikeouts a bit too much . Could get called up and schmotato for a few weeks .
Travis Taijeron , OF Mets : I just like his alliterative name . He 'll probably not be a factor at all but he is a PCL All-Star .
JaCoby Jones , SS Tigers : There 's some speed and power but also some major swing and miss . Probably not ready but he 's one step away in AAA .
Here are some players that are talented and in AAA , but more than likely will see minimal time in MLB this season , limiting their impact .
Josh Hader , SP Brewers , Austin Meadows , OF Pirates , Alex Reyes , SP Cardinals , Nick Williams , OF Phillies , Harrison Bader , OF Cardinals , Amir Garrett , SP Reds , Reynaldo Lopez , SP Nationals
Follow me on Twitter @ ralphlifshitzbb
WWE 's biggest show of the year , WrestleMania is tonight .
The pre-show starts at 5 PM , and the event starts at 7 PM ( EST ) live on WWE Network .
If you have never subscribed to WWE Network , you can get a free one month subscription , including tonight 's big event at this link . WWE Network is available to stream on many devices including your phone , PC , Roku , Amazon Fire TV , Xbox One , Google Chromecast , LG Smart TVs , and many more . You can click here for a complete list of available devices .
You can check out the full card for WrestleMania below :
–WWE Universal Championship Match : Bill Goldberg ( c ) vs. Brock Lesnar
–WWE Championship Match : Bray Wyatt ( c ) vs. Randy Orton
–Fatal 4 Way Elimination Match for the Raw Women 's Championship : Bayley vs. Nia Jax vs. Sasha Banks vs. Charlotte Flair
–WWE United States Title Match : Chris Jericho ( c ) vs. Kevin Owens
-WWE Intercontinental Championship Match : Dean Ambrose ( c ) vs. Baron Corbin
–Triple Threat Ladder Match for the Raw Tag Team Championships : Luke Gallows & Karl Anderson vs. Enzo Amore & Big Cass vs. Sheamus & Cesaro
–Smackdown Women 's Championship Match : Alexa Bliss ( c ) vs. Naomi vs. Mickie James vs. Carmella vs. Natalya vs. Becky Lynch
–Non-Sanctioned Match : Triple H vs. Seth Rollins
-Roman Reigns vs . The Undertaker
-John Cena & Nikki Bella vs . The Miz & Maryse
-Shane McMahon vs. AJ Styles
–Kickoff Pre-show : WWE Cruiserweight Championship Match : Neville ( c ) vs. Austin Aries
–Kick off Pre-show : Andre the Giant Memorial Battle Royal : Sami Zayn , Braun Strowman , Goldust , R-Truth , Curtis Axel , Dolph Ziggler , Jey Uso , Jimmy Uso , Chad Gable , Jason Jordan , Primo , Epico , Bo Dallas , Jinder Mahal , Rhyno , Heath Slater , Apollo Crews , Mojo Rawley , Big Show , Curt Hawkins , Tyler Breeze , Fandango , Tian Bing , Mark Henry & Killian Dain .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Follow us :
This season Last Word on Sports will be keeping you up to date regarding the Arsenal players out on loan , as they continue to develop their skills and prove they are ready to compete for a place in the Arsenal side . There are currently nine players out on loan from Arsenal , and , with the transfer window still open , no doubt more young players will be heading out to gain valuable first-team experience .
Arsenal on Loan : Week 1
The players already away on loan are :
Wojciech Szczęsny ( GK ) , on loan to AS Roma in Serie A
Carl Jenkinson ( RB ) , on loan to West Ham United in the Premier League
Yaya Sanogo ( ST ) , on loan to Ajax in the Eredivisie
Serge Gnabry ( MID ) , on loan to West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League
Ainsley Maitland-Niles ( MID ) , on loan to Ipswich Town in the Championship
Isaac Hayden ( CB/MID ) , on loan to Hull City in the Championship
Chuba Akpom ( ST ) , on loan to Hull City in the Championship
Daniel Crowley ( MID ) , on loan to Barnsley in League One
Jon Toral ( MID ) , on loan to Birgmingham City in the Championship
Emiliano Martinez ( GK ) , on loan to Wolves in the Championship
With the football league kicking off this past weekend , a number of Arsenal loanees saw action .
Chuba Akpom and Isaac Hayden both completed the full 90 minutes in Hull City 's 2-0 win over Huddersfield Town . Hayden lined up at centre-midfield and Akpom up top in Hull 's 4-4-2 formation . Akpom managed two shots , one of which found the net to give Hull the 2-0 lead in the 71st minute . Hayden was solid in possession , completing 91 % of his passes and setting up two chances , while also putting in a solid defensive effort .
Jon Toral also found the net , scoring the winner for Birmingham City as the Blues beat Reading 2-1 . The Arsenal midfielder played 71 minutes , netting the winner shortly after the half . It was an otherwise quiet afternoon for Toral .
Yaya Sanogo came on for the final 27 minutes of Ajax 's 3-0 win at AZ , but did not register a shot .
Ainsley Maitland-Niles played 82 minutes in Ipswich 's 2-2 draw against Brentford . Lining up on the right wing , Maitland-Niles was active , attempting eight crosses and two shots , contributing to both the attack and defense .
Daniel Crowley played 57 minutes and assisted on Barnsley 's opening goal , which gave his team the lead before they fell 3-1 to Chesterfield .
With other leagues around Europe yet to kick off , there 's sure to be more Arsenal on Loan action in the coming weeks , so stay tuned , and check back every week for updates on how Arsenal 's youngsters around Europe are performing .
Main Photo :
`` Dude '' is Hurley 's catchphrase by which he addresses apparently everybody . His final dude count in Season 1 , Season 2 , Season 3 , the Missing Pieces , Season 4 , Season 5 , and Season 6 is up to a total 328 , and his final average D.P.E . ( dudes per episode ) is 3.2 .
`` Dude '' was also used by four other characters ( Michael , Johnny , Dave , and David Reyes ) 21 times .
Michael Emerson also calls Jorge Garcia `` dude '' at Comic-Con 2009 .
Contents show ]
Hurley 's DPE ( Dudes Per Episode )
The table below shows how many times Hurley said `` dude '' in each episode .
The yellow-marked episodes are ( at least partly ) Hurley-centric . In episodes marked with `` - '' Hurley does not appear .
Ep 1 Ep 2 Ep 3 Ep 4 Ep 5 Ep 6 Ep 7 Ep 8 Ep 9 Ep 10 Ep 11 Ep 12 Ep 13 Ep 14 Ep 15 Ep 16 Ep 17 Ep 18 Ep 19 Ep 20 Ep 21 Ep 22 Ep 23 Ep 24 Total Average DPEs Season 1 1 4 4 3 0 1 7 2 8 4 1 0 6 2 1 1 1 14 1 1 2 0 5 5 73 3.0 Season 2 3 0 3 11 1 0 - 1 0 - 4 1 2 4 0 1 4 2 2 3 0 1 1 44 2.0 Season 3 - - 3 0 2 - - 6 - 17 3 - - 9 8 1 14 2 1 1 2 3 72 4.8 Missing Pieces - 1 - - - - 1 - - - 2 - - 4 1.3 Season 4 8 1 2 1 - 0 0 0 1 0 4 4 7 28 2.3 Season 5 3 8 - 1 - 2 6 0 4 0 1 - 13 1 3 0 5 47 3.4 Season 6 9 3 2 2 14 - 7 - 2 0 1 5 1 4 - 2 8 60 3.5
Other characters saying dude
Official Lost Podcast
In the February 19th , 2008 edition of the official Lost podcast , Lost executive producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse entertained a question from `` idontlikelocke '' about why the amount of `` dudes '' spoken by Hurley had decreased after Season 1 , only to increase after Season 2 . Damon Lindelof joked that it was because of a contract dispute between the show and Jorge Garcia over the number of times he could say `` dude '' per season .
See also
Haplogroup X Possible time of origin ~30,000 YBP Ancestor N Descendants X1 , X2 Defining mutations 73 , 7028 , 11719 , 12705 , 14766 , 16189 , 16223 , 16278 [ 1 ]
Haplogroup X is a human mitochondrial DNA ( mtDNA ) haplogroup . It is found in America , Europe , Western Asia , North Africa , and the Horn of Africa .
Origin [ edit ]
mtDNA -based chart of possible large human migrations .
The genetic sequences of haplogroup X diverged originally from haplogroup N. They subsequently further diverged thousands of years ago , [ 2 ] forming two sub-groups , X1 and X2 .
Distribution [ edit ]
Haplogroup X is found in approximately 7 % of native Europeans , [ 3 ] and 3 % of all Native Americans from North America . [ 4 ]
Overall , haplogroup X is found in around 2 % of the population of Europe , the Near East and North Africa . It is especially common among Egyptians inhabiting El-Hayez oasis ( 14.3 % ) . [ 5 ]
The X1 subclade is much less frequent , and is largely restricted to North Africa , the Horn of Africa and the Near East .
Sub-group X2 appears to have undergone extensive population expansion and dispersal around or soon after the Last Glacial Maximum , about 21,000 years ago . It is more strongly present in the Near East , the Caucasus , and Southern Europe and somewhat less strongly present in the rest of Europe . Particular concentrations appear in Georgia ( 8 % ) , Orkney ( in Scotland ) ( 7 % ) , and amongst the Israeli Druze community ( 27 % ) . Subclades X2a and X2g are found in North America , but are not present in native South Americans . [ 6 ] Many of the early carriers of haplogroup X2a were found in eastern maritime Canada , a prime theoretical landing location for Solutreans . This encouraged adherents to the Solutrean hypothesis . However , more recent discoveries of haplogroup X2a and subgroups have been more widely geographically dispersed . Neither is there a path nor ancestral form of X2a found in Europe or the Middle East .
Haplogroup X has been found among ancient Egyptian mummies excavated at the Abusir el-Meleq archaeological site in Middle Egypt , which date from the Pre-Ptolemaic/late New Kingdom and Roman periods . [ 7 ] Fossils excavated at the Late Neolithic site of Kelif el Boroud ( Kehf el Baroud ) in Morocco , which have been dated to around 3,000 BCE , have also been observed to carry the X2 subclade . [ 8 ]
Haplogroup X has been found in various other fossils that were analysed for ancient DNA , including specimens associated with the Alföld Linear Pottery ( X2b-T226C , Garadna-Elkerülő út site 2 , 1/1 or 100 % ) , Linearbandkeramik ( X2d1 , Halberstadt-Sonntagsfeld , 1/22 or ~5 % ) , and Iberia Chalcolithic ( X2b , La Chabola de la Hechicera , 1/3 or 33 % ; X2b , El Sotillo , 1/3 or 33 % ; X2b , El Mirador Cave , 1/12 or ~8 % ) cultures . [ 9 ]
Druze [ edit ]
The greatest frequency of haplogroup X is observed in the Druze , a minority population in Israel , Jordan , Lebanon , and Syria , as much in X1 ( 16 % ) as in X2 ( 11 % ) . [ 10 ] The Druze also have much diversity of X lineages . This pattern of heterogeneous parental origins is consistent with Druze oral tradition . The Galilee Druze represents a population isolate , so their combination of a high frequency and diversity of X signifies a phylogenetic refugium , providing a sample snapshot of the genetic landscape of the Near East prior to the modern age . [ 11 ]
North America [ edit ]
Haplogroup X is also one of the five haplogroups found in the indigenous peoples of the Americas . [ 12 ] ( namely , X2a subclade ) .
Although it occurs only at a frequency of about 3 % for the total current indigenous population of the Americas , it is a bigger haplogroup in northern North America , where among the Algonquian peoples it comprises up to 25 % of mtDNA types . [ 13 ] [ 14 ] It is also present in lesser percentages to the west and south of this area—among the Sioux ( 15 % ) , the Nuu-chah-nulth ( 11 % –13 % ) , the Navajo ( 7 % ) , and the Yakama ( 5 % ) . [ 15 ]
Unlike the four main Native American mtDNA haplogroups ( A , B , C , D ) , X is not strongly associated with East Asia . The main occurrence of X in Asia discovered so far is in the Altai people in Siberia . [ 16 ] and detailed examination [ 10 ] The Altaian sequences are all almost identical ( haplogroup X2e ) , suggesting that they arrived in the area probably from Transcaucasia more recently than 5000 BP ( like some other haplogroups as well ) .
One theory of how the X Haplogroup ended up in North America is that the people carrying it migrated from central Asia along with the A , B , C , and D Haplogroups , from an ancestor from the Altai Region of Central Asia . [ 17 ] Two sequences of haplogroup X2 were sampled further east of Altai among the Evenks of Central Siberia . [ 10 ] These two sequences belong to X2 * and X2b . It is uncertain if they represent a remnant of the migration of X2 through Siberia or a more recent input . [ 17 ]
This relative absence of haplogroup X2 in Asia is one of the major factors used to support the Solutrean hypothesis . However , the New World haplogroup X2a is as different from any of the Old World X2b , X2c , X2d , X2e , and X2f lineages as they are from each other , indicating an early origin `` likely at the very beginning of their expansion and spread from the Near East '' . [ 17 ]
The Solutrean hypothesis postulates that haplogroup X reached North America with a wave of European migration about 20,000 BP by the Solutreans , [ 18 ] [ 19 ] a stone-age culture in south-western France and in Spain , by boat around the southern edge of the Arctic ice pack .
In a 2008 article in the American Journal of Human Genetics , a group of researchers in Brazil ( except for David Glenn Smith , of U.C . Davis ) argue against the Solutrean hypothesis , stating :
`` Our results strongly support the hypothesis that haplogroup X , together with the other four main mtDNA haplogroups , was part of the gene pool of a single Native American founding population ; therefore they do not support models that propose haplogroup-independent migrations , such as the migration from Europe posed by the Solutrean hypothesis ... Here we show , by using 86 complete mitochondrial genomes , that all Native American haplogroups , including haplogroup X , were part of a single founding population , thereby refuting multiple-migration models . '' [ 15 ]
An abstract in a 2012 issue of the American Journal of Physical Anthropology states that
`` The similarities in ages and geographical distributions for C4c and the previously analyzed X2a lineage provide support to the scenario of a dual origin for Paleo-Indians . Taking into account that C4c is deeply rooted in the Asian portion of the mtDNA phylogeny and is indubitably of Asian origin , the finding that C4c and X2a are characterized by parallel genetic histories definitively dismisses the controversial hypothesis of an Atlantic glacial entry route into North America . `` [ 20 ]
A 2015 report re-evaluates the evidence . Stating the possibility that evidence might be uncovered that supports a trans-Atlantic migration , they state that
`` X2a has not been found anywhere in Eurasia , and phylogeography gives us no compelling reason to think it is more likely to come from Europe than from Siberia . Furthermore , analysis of the complete genome of Kennewick Man , who belongs to the most basal lineage of X2a yet identified , gives no indication of recent European ancestry and moves the location of the deepest branch of X2a to the West Coast , consistent with X2a belonging to the same ancestral population as the other founder mitochondrial haplogroups . Nor have any high-resolution studies of genome-wide data from Native American populations yielded any evidence of Pleistocene European ancestry or trans-Atlantic gene flow . `` [ 21 ]
Subclades [ edit ]
Tree [ edit ]
This phylogenetic tree of haplogroup X subclades is based on the paper by Mannis van Oven and Manfred Kayser Updated comprehensive phylogenetic tree of global human mitochondrial DNA variation [ 1 ] and subsequent published research .
X X1 X1a X1a1 X1b X2 X2a X2a1 X2a1a X2a1b X2a2 X2b X2b1 X2b2 X2b3 X2b4 X2c X2c1 X2c2 X2d X2e X2e1 X2e1a X2e1a1 X2e1a1a X2e2 X2e2a X2f X2g X2h
Popular culture [ edit ]
In his popular book The Seven Daughters of Eve , Bryan Sykes named the originator of the European-American subset of this mtDNA haplogroup - corresponding to X2 - `` Xenia '' .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Erdoğan 's remarks were made just hours ahead of the deadly attack outside the British parliament on Wednesday .
EU foreign affairs spokeswoman Maja Kocijancic said on Thursday : `` We have asked the Turkish permanent delegate to the EU to come ... as we would like to receive an explanation with regard to the comments by President Erdoğan concerning the safety of Europeans on the streets of the world . ''
Speaking in Ankara on Wednesay , Erdoğan had implied that Europeans would receive the same treatment he claimed Turks and Muslims in Europe experience . `` If you continue to behave like this , tomorrow in no part of the world , no European , no Westerner will be able to take steps on the street safely and peacefully , '' Erdoğan said .
Relations between Turkey and the EU have been tested by limits put on Turkish ministers campaigning in Europe for a `` yes '' vote in next month 's referendum on extending Erdoğan 's presidential powers .
German foreign minister 'keep channels open '
During a visit to Greece on Thursday , German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said it was important to maintain communication with Turkey , despite the downturn in Ankara 's relations with Europe .
`` We must make every effort to persuade Turkey that the path it is on is not the right path , and at the same time keep the channels of communication open , '' Gabriel said in Athens . His Greek counterpart , Nikos Kotzias , said it was in Europe 's interests that Turkey should be democratic and leaning towards Europe but that Turkey itself would determine its own path .
During his trip to Athens , Germany 's top diplomat , Sigmar Gabriel , reaffirmed Germany 's commitment toward deescalating tensions with Turkey
Erdoğan telephones May
On Thursday , sources in Erdoğan 's office told Reuters that the president had called Prime Minister Theresa May to express condolences for Wednesday 's attack in central London .
Erdoğan also stressed the two countries were partners in the fight against terrorism which threatened international peace and security .
On Wednesday night , Erdoğan had expressed similar sentiments on Twitter `` We stand in solidarity with the UK , our friend and ally , against terrorism , the greatest threat to global peace and security . ''
Erdoğan and Bulgaria
In another speech in Ankara on Thursday , Erdoğan hit back at what he called `` pressure '' on the 700,000 Turks living in Bulgaria . The EU state holds elections on Sunday and Ankara has openly supported the Democrats for Responsibility , Freedom and Solidarity ( Dost ) party which represents part of the ethnic Turkish minority . Do has accused the largest ethnic-Тurkish party in Bulgaria , the Movement for Rights and Freedoms ( MRF ) of having pro-Russian interests .
Lyutvi Mestan heads the Dost party , which split from the MRF last year . Do means `` friend '' in Turkish . Mestan took Turkey 's side in November 2015 when a Russian fighter plane was downed by the Turkish army .
Speaking about Bulgaria , Erdoğan said : `` Some of the pressures there that we see and hear seriously upset us . On one hand you talk about democracy but on the other , you put serious pressure on Turks . This will not work . ''
Bulgarian President Rumen Radev last week accused Turkey of `` interference '' in the country , adding Sofia would not accept it .
jm/kms ( Reuters , AFP )
As Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi said that virulent anti-Semitic comments which he reportedly said prior to his election were taken out of context , the Middle East Media Research Institute ( MEMRI ) released another video which depicts him making similar comments .
The latest video is an address delivered by Morsi , which was posted on the Internet on January 10 , 2010 . It was translated by MEMRI and published on Wednesday .
In the newly exposed remarks , Morsi calls U.S. President Barack Obama “ insincere ” and calls for Arabs to raise their children on hatred of Jews .
“ One American president after another – and most recently , that Obama – talks about American guarantees for the safety of the Zionists in Palestine , ” Morsi said . [ Obama ] was very clear when he uttered his empty words on the land of Egypt . He uttered many lies , of which he could n't have fulfilled a single word , even if he were sincere – which he is not .
“ Dear brothers , we must not forget to nurse our children and grandchildren on hatred towards those Zionists and Jews , and all those who support them , ” he added . “ They must be nursed on hatred . The hatred must continue . ”
The earlier video released by MEMRI shows that Morsi , also in 2010 , rejected negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority and referred to Jews as “ apes and pigs . ”
The United States later condemned those remarks and urged Morsi to immediately clarify his views .
By reducing local regulatory hurdles to new development , and by providing subsidies to low-income Americans , the free market will provide more housing that will drive down costs for everyone .
Housing costs too much in the United States because we do n't provide enough housing to meet local demand , elevating both rents and resale home prices relative to local incomes . This problem is particularly acute in California where Potential homebuyers ca n't save for down payments with high rents , trapping them in low-quality rental housing for a lifetime .
Just as lenders used restricted supply to reflate the housing bubble , a lack of supply has inflated California house prices since the mid 1970s . Ordinarily , if house prices were pushed up above the cost of construction , builders would respond by providing more housing units ( either rentals or owner-occupied ) , and the increased supply would blunt further price increases , but that does n't occur in California . The problem is not physical , it 's political . Unless many more dwelling units are approved , the shortage will continue , and probably get worse—and there is no sign of this changing .
The end result of these circumstances is that very few potential homebuyers have the necessary down payment , even the paltry 3.5 % required by the FHA . And since renters put a large percentage of their income toward rent , even if they wanted to endure 0.2 % savings interest rates , they do n't have the disposable income necessary to save for a down payment . There is no magic bullet or simple solution to this problem .
To provide housing that 's more affordable to everyone , we need more housing , period . We need more rentals to limit the growth in rents , and we need more for-sale houses to limit the increases in homeownership costs . Are there policies we could implement to accomplish both ?
April 18 , 2016 , By Justin Fox
The U.S. has two big housing affordability problems . They 're related — and solving the first would go some way toward solving the second . But they 're not the same , and it 's important to understand that . The first problem is that some coastal metropolitan areas in the U.S. are generating lots of good jobs but are n't building enough housing to keep up with employment growth . The main barrier to housing construction in these places is local regulation — zoning ordinances , environmental requirements , even affordable-housing rules . …
I 've written about this many times , most recently in California housing policies devastate the lower middle class . First and foremost , the affordability problem is one of supply . California has a chronic shortage of housing . The lack of supply is the primary reason prices are so high . When supply is limited , people substitute downward in quality just to obtain any housing at all . It 's why an income in Southern California that barely affords a condo would buy a McMansion anywhere else in the country .
The second housing affordability problem is less geographically limited , and more chronic : Millions of Americans ca n't afford even the cheapest housing . Here 's Jason DeParle in the New York Review of Books : The big problem is that it costs more to build even modest housing than millions of households can pay , whether the builder is greedy or not . That 's partly because restrictive zoning and overzealous building codes drive up the price . But it 's mostly because of the inherent cost of the basics : land , interest , materials , utilities . As a rule of thumb nationwide , even an efficient nonprofit developer ca n't build an apartment affordable to a household making less than about $ 32,000 a year . That leaves out nearly a third of American households .
Since incomes are so high and housing is so costly here in California , we rarely consider that incomes in other parts of the country wo n't even cover the cost of providing any shelter at all . In California our high incomes will finance mortgage balances far in excess of construction costs , so much so that the excess becomes land residual making raw land valuable and successful real estate developers millionaires . But how can we provide housing in areas where the wages wo n't finance a mortgage large enough to cover the sticks and bricks cost of construction ?
In my opinion , the only reasonable answer is to subsidize housing costs for the lowest income Americans , perhaps with a tax credit . Although I loathe housing subsidies , providing more market-rate housing for low-income Americans is preferable to rent control or other wacky socialist solutions to the problem .
Now , there 's an issue with using the cost of building new housing as the cutoff point . As economic consultant Joe Cortright wrote for City Observatory in February : In the United States , we have almost never built new market-rate housing for low-income households . New housing — rental and owner-occupied — overwhelmingly tends to get built for middle- and upper-income households . So how do affordable market-rate housing units get created ? As new housing ages , it depreciates , and prices and rents decline , relative to newer houses . If we built lots of new housing that poor people ca n't afford , the thinking goes — and there 's economic evidence to back it up — that will make existing housing cheaper , and some of it will fall into a price range where some households making less than $ 32,000 a year can afford it . That 's how solving the first affordability problem can help solve the second one . …
This is a viable strategy , and realistically , it 's the only way to get the product built that we so desperately need .
Rising rents mean federal subsidies do n't go as far as they used to , while new development at least potentially threatens existing rent-controlled tenants . That brings us back to problem No . 1 — the local regulations and political forces that keep more housing from being built . Affluent residents who do n't want tall new buildings in the neighborhood probably drive most opposition to development , but low-income tenants worried about getting pushed out may be wary of it as well . …
Affordable housing in California requires ignoring the NIMBYs . The problems with chronic shortages , inflated house prices , and the substitution effect to lower quality housing is a direct result of the development approval process in California being 100 % in the hands of local politicians .
The problem is so bad that a judge had to order the city of Huntington Beach to override the local Nimby 's and provide more affordable housing .
What 's the solution ? … More construction of housing , period , would certainly help . But I ca n't help but think that this is a case where we may need both less government ( in the form of a rollback of zoning and other housing regulations ) and more government ( in the form of housing subsidies for the poor ) . Uniting a political coalition behind those two objectives does n't sound easy — which I guess is why it has n't happened yet .
These are the two best solutions to solve the problem of housing affordability . Unfortunately , they come from opposite sides of the political spectrum .
Most Republicans would embrace the idea of less regulation and limited government involvement in the markets , so many Republicans would likely favor reducing or eliminating the regulatory roadblocks to building more homes .
Most Democrats would embrace the idea of more housing subsidies to the poor , particularly if rich Republicans end up paying for it .
Finding support for both measures means crossing party lines and recognizing both solutions are necessary if we want to have less expensive housing , a benefit for everyone .
[ listing mls= ” OC16082255″ ]
An attacker working off domains belonging to Chinese registrar BizCN has been moving the Cryptowall 4.0 ransomware via the Nuclear Exploit Kit .
In short order , the newest version of Cryptowall has begun showing up in exploit kits .
The SANS Internet Storm Center said on Tuesday that an attacker working off domains belonging to Chinese registrar BizCN has been moving the ransomware via the Nuclear Exploit Kit .
SANS ISC handler and Rackspace security engineer Brad Duncan said that until recently , Cryptowall 4.0 has been moved almost exclusively via malicious spam and phishing emails . He said this is the first time Cryptowall 4.0 has been infecting machines via an exploit kit .
“ I 've always expected 4.0 to spread and replace CryptoWall 3.0 in all areas . I noticed the same thing when CryptoWall 2.0 replaced the original CryptoWall in 2014 . It did n't happen immediately . It started with malicious spam and moved to exploit kits , ” Duncan told Threatpost . “ As criminals start delivering CryptoWall 4.0 through exploit kits , it wo n't immediately happen with all exploit kits at the same time . You 'll start seeing it from one actor , then another , and another . At some point everyone will have moved to the new version . ”
The attacker working from the BizCN domains recently switched IP addresses for their gate domians , which are intermediary servers between compromised websites and the server hosting the exploit kit . This actor , Duncan said , uses the Nuclear Exploit Kit to deliver malware .
“ Gate servers can check for operating system or browser type from the user agent string in the HTTP headers sent by a potential victim . Depending on the user agent string , the Gate server will respond accordingly , ” Duncan said . “ With the BizCN gates , when the OS is not Windows , the gate server will respond with a ‘ 404 not found ' ( no need to waste resources on a host that 's not vulnerable ) . If the user agent string shows a Windows host , the gate server will return a 200 OK , which will then generate traffic to an EK server . ”
Duncan published an analysis today on the SANS ISC site that includes examples of URL patterns for BizCN gate traffic and other indicators of compromise . The move to Nuclear , Duncan said , wo n't be exclusive ; he expects other exploit kits , including Angler , to eventually redirect compromised sites their way . He also cautions that attackers will continue moving Cryptowall 4.0 via spam as well .
“ They 're not moving from spam . We 'll still see CryptoWall 4.0 from malicious spam , even as we start seeing it more from exploit kits . This is just version 4.0 spreading and replacing version 3 , ” Duncan said . “ Some criminal groups focus on malicious spam . Other groups use exploit kits . ”
Cryptowall 4.0 surfaced earlier this month with updates that increase the difficulty of recovering files from compromised computers . Researchers at Bleeping Computer said the biggest change is that the ransomware now encrypts file names , in addition to data . The attackers also updated the ransom note victims are presented with to include mocking language that congratulates the victim for becoming part of the Cryptowall community .
Duncan also noticed some other subtle differences , including a change in the ransom note calling the ransomware Cryptowall not Cryptowall 3.0 ; also the malware does not check the IP address of an infected host as it had before .
“ Network traffic for CryptoWall 4.0 looks nearly identical to what we saw with 3.0 , except for an absence of an IP address check by the malware , ” Duncan said . “ At this time , the snort-based signatures I 've seen for CryptoWall 3.0 callback traffic are still valid for 4.0 . ”
Introduction Clojure koans are exercises meant to initiate you to the mysteries of the Clojure language . By following along the path set before you , you will touch on all the major aspects of the language , from simple datatypes to macros , from tail recursion to Java interoperability . Many will find Clojure quite different from any programming language they 've used before . The koans ' incremental , interactive approach to learning the language will help make the transition feel natural . By the time you are finished with them , Clojure will not be so mysterious at all .
Install Java Before we begin the koans , we need Clojure , and before we install Clojure , we 'll need Java . You probably already have Java installed , but if you do n't , it 's not difficult . Oracle provides installation instructions for Windows users , and Linux users should use their package manager of choice . Apple distributes Java 6 with their system update tool . After downloading Java ( if necessary ) , go to your console and enter : ~ $ java -version Make sure the version installed is 1.5 or greater .
Install the Koans If you 'd like to jump into Clojure like the pros , you can install the koans with Leiningen , Clojure 's most popular dependency management tool . ( It will install Clojure for us shortly . ) Follow the installation instructions for Leiningen bliss . Important : if you already have lein 1.x installed , you 'll need to upgrade to Leiningen 2 . Once you have Leiningen installed , you just need to clone the koans repo : $ git clone git : //github.com/functional-koans/clojure-koans.git If you do n't want to use Leiningen to manage dependencies for you , you can still easily install the koans manually . [ Note : this option will only work until Github shuts down the Downloads feature completely in March 2013 . ] Just download and unzip the latest version of the koans here , and you should be ready to start .
Run the First Koan Once you 're inside the koans directory , you can immediately begin by running $ lein koan run if you have Leiningen installed as described above . ( Do n't forget to cd into the clojure-koans directory after you 've cloned the repo ! ) Or , if you 're not using Leiningen , you can use $ script/run on Mac or Unix , or $ script\run on Windows . instead . You 'll probably see an error message like this : Now meditate on ~/clojure-koans/src/koans/01_equalities.clj:3
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
Assertion failed !
We shall contemplate truth by testing reality , via equality .
( = __ true ) The output is telling you that you have a failing test in the file 01_equalities.clj , on line 3 . So open that file up in a text editor and make it pass by filling in the blanks !
Repeat After you run and pass your first test , you 'll find that the next one is failing . After all the tests in a file are passing , the run script will automatically begin testing the next file in the koans sequence .
A Word on Testing The pattern of writing failing tests first and code to make them pass later is no mere novelty : it is the essence of test-driven development ( TDD ) . The sages of TDD say that every new test should strive to be the simplest and most natural extension of those that come before it , so as to cover only one new part of the code . They also enjoin disciples to meditate on their progress regularly : after a test is made to pass , one should pause to refactor and refine one 's code before moving on to the next test . The koans , unlike tests in real test-driven projects , are already written for you . When you are ready to begin your own Clojure project and therefore your own tests , consider using a framework like Speclj to aid you on your journey .
Contributors Our Contributors If you have any questions or suggestions about the koans , feel free to open an issue or pull request .
Holocaust survivors living in the United States would receive federal funds designed to help them age at home , rather than having to move to an institution , according to a new bill drafted by the Democratic Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz and her Republican counterpart Ileana Ros-Lehtinen . The bipartisan proposal calls for survivors to be added to a list of elderly citizens receiving preferred treatment and to create a grant program helping them with their transportation needs , the ‘ Jerusalem Post ' reports .
“ As a nation that upholds the values of freedom , liberty and justice , we have a moral obligation to acknowledge the plight and uphold the dignity of Holocaust survivors to ensure their well-being , ” Wasserman Schultz was quoted as saying . “ Our children 's generation will be the last to know Holocaust survivors and hear their stories firsthand . We must do all we can to honor their struggles and their lives by improving their access to transportation to get them where they need to go , and improve their home-care options so that they can have peace of mind . This bill does just that , and it 's time to make it happen . ”
Ros-Lehtinen said survivors of Nazi persecution deserved to be honored in their old age . “ The sad reality is that every day , we have fewer Holocaust survivors among us to tell their tragic tales that remind us of the reality of evil , ” she said in an email quoted by the Israeli newspaper . “ Many of these survivors have pressing medical and housing needs and this bill seeks to address those gaping holes in social services , ” she added .
An estimated 127,000 Holocaust survivors live in the United States today . About three quarters of them are over the age of 75 , and about two-thirds live alone . Many of the survivors struggle to make ends meet and are in poor health .
A teacher in California has been suspended after it was revealed that she may also be a porn actress .
The Daily Mail reports that word has gotten around the Richard B. Haydock Intermediate School in Oxnard that 31-year-old science teacher Stacie Halas is also `` Tiffany Six , '' the star of such online offerings as `` Tiffany Six Shows Her Amazing Hot Legs At Casting . ''
Apparently an office worker at the school somehow stumbled onto one of the videos and notified the superintendent . Halas was immediately pulled from class and placed on administrative leave while her superiors investigate .
`` Maybe it 's not a crime as far as the penal code is concerned , but we feel it 's a crime as far as moral turpitude is concerned , '' said Oxnard School District Superintendent Jeff Chancer .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
Chancer said he is looking at the California Education Code to determine what kind of punishment , if any , he can give Halas if it turns out she is the woman on the videos .
`` We 're trying to determine if there 's a nexus on what she does on her own time and what she does in the classroom , '' he told The Smoking Gun .
Chancer sent a letter home to parents explaining the situation , urging them to monitor their children 's Internet activity . He also told teachers to discourage the kids from searching for the videos , which will result in the kids absolutely searching for the videos .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
undefined
Tunneling Gets Under Way for San Francisco Central Subway
This summer , tunneling for San Francisco Municipal Transportation Authority 's ( SFMTA ) Central Subway project officially began when TBM “ Mom Chung ” began churning on July 26 . Her identical sister , “ Big Alma , ” was close behind with an early October launch . Not only did this mark the beginning of a new commuter service from the South of Market area to Chinatown , it is also the first new San Francisco Municipal Railway ( Muni ) subway constructed in the city in more than 50 years .
In contrast to the heavy-gauge BART ( Bay Area Rapid Transit ) system that provides a commuter network linking cities and suburbs across the Bay Area , Muni serves as the primary means of intracity transit . Muni operates more than 80 routes through a combination of streetcars , buses and light rail – both surface and subsurface . Muni was founded in 1912 and carries more than 200 million customers per year . With continued development and need for commuter travel in and around San Francisco , SFMTA , which owns and operates Muni , has undertaken an improvements program that includes system expansion .
SFMTA recently completed Phase I of the Third Street Light Rail Project , which extended the system southward and included 5.1 miles of track and 18 stations . That portion of the project went into service in 2007 . Phase II – also known as the Central Subway project – will start at the terminus of Phase I , the station at Fourth and King Street , and extend northerly along Fourth Street , going below grade near Bryant Street . After crossing Market Street , the alignment will follow Stockton Street to Chinatown .
The $ 1.5 billion Central Subway project involves 1.7 miles of twin bore tunnels and four stations ( three underground ) through one of the densest corridors in the United States not currently being served by commuter rail . The project has been in the planning phase for more than 25 years , but began in earnest in 2005 .
SFMTA awarded the Central Subway tunnels contact to a joint venture of Barnard/Impregilo/Healy in June 2011 with a bid of $ 233.5 million , the lowest of six bidding teams . The project involves construction of 8,230 ft of twin segmentally lined tunnels driven by EPB TBMs to extend the existing Third Street Light Rail T-Line .
Ground conditions include both soft ground and hard rock formations , with the alignment passing within close proximity to existing adjacent structures , utilities , buildings and subway tunnels in the soft ground sections of the alignment . At one point , the new Central Subway line passes under BART and Muni Metro lines under Market Street .
/ * * * * Advertisment * * * * /
The tunnel alignment begins north of Fourth Street and King Street , the existing terminus of the Third Street line , which veers onto Fourth Street just south of AT & T Park . The launch box is located underneath I-80 freeway overpasses that restrict vertical clearance for construction activities .
The launch box was constructed via open-cut methods , supported by concrete diaphragm walls and covered with a steel and precast road decking to provide for normal traffic flow patterns throughout the majority of construction . In addition , the project involves construction of five emergency cross passages , concrete diaphragm wall and secant pile headwalls for two future subway stations , extensive jet grouting ground improvements , compensation grouting , extensive structural and geotechnical monitoring , the construction of a secant pile retrieval shaft , and the construction of a cast-in-place concrete portal structure . A joint venture of Nicholson/Condon-Johnson was subcontracted to perform diaphragm wall installation for the subway launch box , jet grouting and treatment at two of the stations , compensation grouting and secant pile wall installation .
Robbins is providing the two 6.3-m ( 20.7-ft ) diameter EPB TBMs – nicknamed “ Mom Chung ” and “ Big Alma ” after local historical figures . Both machines were designed to enable smooth excavation around tight turns down to 140 m ( 450 ft ) in radius . The two EPBs were additionally engineered with mixed ground cutterheads using knife-edge bits and carbide tools to mine the tunnels . Shaft-type screw conveyors will aid in excavation through poorly consolidated silt and sand deposits of the Colma formation below the ground water table . Robbins horizontal belt conveyors will travel behind both machines for efficient muck removal during tunneling .
Originally envisioned to be separate contracts for the underground stations , SFMTA bundled station construction and track work and awarded a contract to Tutor Perini for $ 840 million . The scope of work for the project includes construction of three underground subway stations located at Union Square/Market Street , Chinatown , and Yerba Buena Gardens/Moscone Center , a surface-level station at Fourth and Brannan streets , and trackwork and systems from the Fourth and King streets to the Chinatown Station . Work began in 2013 and substantial completion is expected in 2018 .
Three design packages have been let . The design packages are : Utilities Relocation & Tunnel Design , which was awarded to a joint venture of Parsons Brinckerhoff and Telamon Engineering Consultants ; Stations Design , which was awarded to a joint venture of Parsons Brinckerhoff , Michael Willis Architects Inc. , and Kwan Henmi Architects ; and Systems Design , which was awarded to a joint venture of HNTB and B & C Transit .
One of the unanswered questions at the beginning of the project has since been resolved . Initially , plans for retrieval of the TBMs were in the air as property acquisition and community relations had to be determined . Ideas were discussed for leaving the TBMs buried following tunneling activities . However , SFMTA secured property at 1731-1741 Powell Street in North Beach – the site of the former Pagoda Palace Theater – for retrieval of the TBMs .
The theater property , which had been vacant for 20 years , is being leased by SFMTA for use a retrieval shaft . The building has been demolished and crews are in the process of constructing the shaft on the site , which will be returned to the private owner upon completion of the project . The use of the theater property for TBM was beneficial on multiple fronts : it took construction ( and congestion ) off city streets , and it helped clear the way for redevelopment of the property in the bustling North Beach neighborhood .
“ The problem with extracting the TBMs was a real challenge , ” Central Subway Program Director John Funghi said . “ When you 're starting construction and you 're forced to change the end of the alignment because of community pushback , it 's a major issue in terms of accelerating all the environmental work , the planning and the engineering in order to make that happen . It took a lot of effort but the staff and city as a whole was able to make it a reality . Now that the building is down , people can move forward to what the property can become for North Beach . It shows what can happen when there is cooperation with the community and the businesses in the area . ”
When complete , the Central Subway line will extend light rail service to the Financial District and Chinatown , as well as provide direct connections to BART and Caltrain , two of the Bay Area 's largest regional commuter rail services . The Central Subway is scheduled to open to the public in 2019 . It is estimated that the new subway will serve about 65,000 passengers daily by 2030 .
“ Once the Central Subway is built and in use I think people will say ‘ I ca n't imagine living without this , ' ” Funghi said . “ It 's going to speed up people 's ability to get into downtown San Francisco for entertainment or to go to their jobs every day . We envision people migrating more and more toward public transportation .
“ The Central Subway is a a great example of good planning , good engineering and providing an excellent product , and there is going to have to be more projects in the future because capacity needs are just going to grow , and we need to rise to the challenge to put these projects in place . ”
Photos for the Central Subway article are by Robert Pierce . Copyright San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency ( SFMTA )
SDS talent evaluators Jon Cooper and Brad Crawford spent several months breaking down last year 's highlights , incoming talent and projected 2014 impact following spring practice to compile a list of the SEC 's Top 100 players heading into fall . Athletes were selected by position then ranked overall counting down to No . 1 .
Stick with SDS throughout summer and get in on the action using the hashtag # SDSTop100 as we unveil a new player daily leading up to opening night on Aug. 28 .
100 . Ricardo Louis , Jr. , WR , Auburn
Likely Nick Marshall 's fourth option in the Tigers ' talent-stacked passing game behind two physical field stretchers and tight end C.J . Uzomah , Louis ' shining moment as a sophomore last season came on his miraculous 73-yard touchdown reception on a tipped pass to beat Georgia . The fourth-down reception kept the Tigers in the SEC West — and national title — hunt and spoiled the Bulldogs ' 20-point , fourth-quarter rally .
It 'll be tough to match those dramatics , but Louis is capable . Now a junior , eliminating the drops that haunted him at times last fall is paramount in hopes of elevating his game as a third-down threat .
Louis is a popular jet sweep option for the Tigers and acts as one of the Auburn 's best pass-catching blockers in Gus Malzahn 's run-heavy attack . He averaged 10.4 yards per carry and sparkled in Atlanta after galloping for first downs on 19 and 23-yard bursts during the first half of the Tigers ' shootout win over Mizzou in the SEC Championship Game .
He 'll become even more of an asset in an evolving run game this season that will be without the services of 1,800-yard rusher Tre Mason .
2013 statistics : 28 catches , 325 yards , 2 TD ; 19 carries , 198 yards
2014 projection : 34 catches , 449 yards , 3 TD , 28 carries , 230 yards , TD
Photo Credit : Matthew Emmons-USA TODAY Sports
- video encodings still in process -
Pictured : Eric Adams was joined by Brooklyn mailman Glenn Grays and his mother at Brooklyn Borough Hall on Tuesday . Photos by John V. Santore
DOWNTOWN BROOKLYN , NY — The recent arrest of an on-duty U.S . Postal Service ( USPS ) employee in Crown Heights was unjustified , racially motivated and `` could have been another Eric Garner situation , '' Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams said at a Tuesday press conference .
Glenn Grays , 27 , was arrested by four plainclothes officers on March 17 on President Street , Adams said .
Prior to the arrest , Grays was nearly hit by an unmarked police vehicle as he exited his USPS truck , he said .
Grays then `` made comments , as any New Yorker would do , '' Adams said — prompting the four officers in the vehicle , including one lieutenant , to jump out of their car and surround him on the sidewalk .
A cellphone video recorded by a bystander shows Grays , in full postal uniform , being questioned and arrested on President Street as his postal truck idles nearby .
& amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; ! - - & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ;
At the beginning of the video , Grays , standing in a doorway , is approached by the officers , who ask for his ID .
`` My ID 's right there on the side of the truck , '' Grays says .
`` Let 's go get your ID , '' an officer says , motioning to the truck . But Gray declines , saying that he is delivering his packages . Shortly afterward , the officers begin to handcuff him .
One officer can be heard telling Grays to `` stop resisting '' as he is being handcuffed .
`` I 'm not resisting , '' Grays says in a frustrated tone .
`` Yes , you are , '' the officer says . `` Stop resisting . ''
A second officer says to Grays , `` You 're going to get hurt unless you give me your f * cking hand . ''
`` Get off of me , yo , '' Grays says .
`` Lawsuit , man , lawsuit , '' an off-camera witness says repeatedly .
The borough president , a former NYPD captain himself , said Tuesday that Grays ' arrest could have targeted `` any other person of color in that community . ''
Instead of de-escalating the situation , Adams said , the lieutenant at the scene allowed it to become dangerously tense .
Gray has not been charged with a crime , according to court records . However , Adams said he was issued a summons to appear in court .
Adams is calling for an internal NYPD investigation into all four officers involved , and is asking that they no longer be allowed to patrol the streets of Brooklyn without wearing their uniforms .
An NYPD spokesman would not confirm Adams ' account of the incident . `` The matter is under internal review , '' the spokesman said .
Grays was present at Tuesday 's press conference but did not speak . He wiped away tears while the recording of his arrest played on a big-screen TV at Borough Hall .
His mother , Sonya Sapp , said the arrest made her fear for the safety of her five other children .
`` I 'm just hurt , '' Sapp said . `` I raised [ Glenn ] to be humble . If the cop could have humbled himself , it would have been a lot easier . ''
Michael Thomas , who identified himself at the press conference as a mentor to Grays , called not for more NYPD training , but for officers to be held accountable for the training they 've already received .
Adams said he believes most Brooklyn police officers do serve the community honorably , and that NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner Bill Bratton have improved upon police instruction and conduct . However , he said `` their message must get down to the street '' and be implemented by officers in positions of authority .
`` This is a relic of the past , '' he said of Grays ' arrest .
Olympic Games Road Race Preview
The ultimate one day race ? If the Tour de France represents the pinnacle of world cycling and the Tour of Flanders is arguably the top one-day classic of the season , the Olympic Games road race is unique because of its rarity and international recognition .
The men 's road race is the longest event of the 2012 Olympic games across all sports , taking an estimated six hours . This matters because the course is all about the distance and time , a small climb will be used and if it is not selective once then it will end the hopes of many by the ninth time after which the race heads back to London for a superb finish on The Mall , the proud avenue in front of Buckingham Palace .
The Route : the race heads out of London following the Thames for some time and sticking to a flat route that will be used in reverse five or six hours later until it reaches Richmond Park , the Mecca for London cyclists where the large anti-clockwise outward loop begins . Here the race continues on a flat route until the first climb of Staple Lane at 55km . Short and steep , it is vaguely reminiscent of something out of Liège-Bastogne-Liège , perhaps La Redoute , although half the length . There 's a steep descent through woodland to the main road and then the race then heads east to the amusingly-named town of Dorking , passing typical British scenes of houses with thatched roofs , pubs with monarchist names and where the air should be scented with the midday aromas of roast beef and chicken curry .
No time for the riders to stop as Box Hill awaits . It 's an outcrop of limestone , not quite a cliff but more than rolling hill . The road zig-zags up the climb which is 2.5km long at an average of 4.9 % with a maximum of 6.5 % . Once at the top of the climb the road carries along the ridge and then turns to continue before a descent in three parts . First it takes a narrow road , then rises with a short steep kick and then descends again , before a short rise and then a left turn and down a long and wide road with a turn at the bottom , then another wide road and then suddenly a sharp left turn onto a narrow road which leads back to the start of the Box Hill climb . There are nine laps in total . The climb itself is not hard but the repetition makes it hard , plus positioning matters as the narrow roads do n't allow too many chances to move up if you slip back and the wider sections are fast meaning riders could struggle to move up . Any rider dropping their chain or puncturing will pay heavily .
The Finish : after the nine laps the riders head north and into the suburbs of London before reaching Richmond Park and picking up the route they took earlier to head back to the finish on The Mall , a worthy rival to Paris ' Champs Elysées for glamour and pomp , only flatter and faster .
The Tactics : in two words : beat Cavendish .
For me only two teams can realistically hope to beat Mark Cavendish in a bunch sprint . Slovakia 's Peter Sagan finished very fast on the Champs Elysées in Paris and could be fresher after the climbing but he 's been riding post-Tour criteriums , rather than calmly planning for this race . On the right day André Greipel has as much speed as Cavendish and he copes surprisingly well with the climbing as we saw on the stage to Cap d'Agde during the Tour . But Cavendish himself can cope with the climbing , he 's won Milan-Sanremo before and he coped with the Cote de Lissac climb before his astonish stage win in Brive . The Great Britain team will work to set up Cavendish , meaning they will close down any breakaways with Wiggins , Froome , Millar and Stannard .
Next we have a second tier of sprinters . Matthew Goss was n't quite fast enough in France but you never know , especially as he 's a candidate to make it to the finish , like Greg Henderson , Tyler Farrar and John Degenkolb , who brings a second card for the German team to play . Richeze of Argetina is fast but less certain to be there in the finish , the same for U-23 World Champ Arnaud Démare . And do n't forget Lars Boom , no stranger to winning in London after he won last year 's Tour of Britain .
Next we have many teams who will want to make the race so hard so that their riders can arrive in London without having to worry about the sprinters . Here we have a variety of teams and riders , for example Belgium and Tom Boonen who can easily win sprints , Norway with Edvald Boasson Hagen and Alex Kristoff and perhaps Spain with Fran Ventoso and J-J Rojas , both fast finishers who are n't troubled by climbing . I 've got an eye on Poland 's Michał Kwiatkowski who is an agressive and fast rider and then we have the pure attackers like Fabian Cancellara , Philippe Gilbert and Sylvain Chavanel . They will hope for a hard race and then wait for a moment 's hesitation on the run to London to get away , hoping the GB team is either fried or dropped . And who would ignore Fabian Cancellara ? Close in Beijing and wanting success after a spring campaign ruined by injury , this could be his day .
With less than 150 riders it will make for an odd race , especially since a good share of the field are relatively unknown riders , for example Cuba 's Arnold Alcolea and Omar Hassanin of Syria . I wish them well but the more established pros will hope the field shrinks to the usual core of pros who make a living for most of the year in Europe .
It all makes it hard to call . Can Cavendish stay the distance and cope with the pace ? Can his small team control the race ? Every other team will want to drop him but nobody wants to commit to working hard from the start , preferring that someone else wastes their energy early .
Also do n't forget the conflict of interest with riders wearing national jerseys who spend the rest of the year working for their pro teams . There could be explicit – if secretive – alliances between some riders , for example will Austria 's Bernhard Eisel stop the habit of a lifetime and ride for himself instead of Cavendish ? You 'd like to hope so but there can be implicit agreements , for example imagine if Dan Martin and Ramunas Navardauskas get in a breakaway together , if one jumps would the other shut them down , knowing they 're both teammates with Garmin-Barracuda ? It 's not just the riders , note the close links between British Cycling and Team Sky , between Australia and Orica-Greenedge and several other teams .
Weather : a mild day with temperatures peaking at 21°C and a light 10km/h breeze from the west , meaning a tailwind on the Box Hill and for the finish too .
TV : the race starts at 10.00am London time and it seems that it will be filmed live and in full but coverage will depend on your local broadcaster . The finish is expected for 4.00pm but could be earlier .
Local rider : Bradley Wiggins grew up in London and today 's route takes in some of the training roads he 'd use as a boy .
Local food : London-specific cuisine is rare , dishes like roast beef and fish n'chips are n't from the capital . It seems pie n'mash and jellied eels top the list and if this is n't for you , celebrate Britain 's colonial past and cosmopolitan present with a curry washed down by some ale .
Do : think about riding with some latex sealant in your tyres . Because on the narrow roads if a rider punctures they might not come back and will need most of their team to help . The weight penalty is minimal .
Do n't : just turn up and watch the race . The climb of Box Hill is access by ticket only and these are sold out . You can visit other parts of the race of course .
Guide : there 's a guide to all the cycling events at inrng.com/olympics but note the organisers are slow to publish start lists and other data that you 'd normally get well in advance of an ordinary bike race .
Startlist
Image caption Ambar Rachad enjoys the element of competition with historical significance
The ancient sport of horseback archery is being revived at a mosque in Surrey .
As an activity recommended by the Prophet Muhammad in accounts of his life , instructors say it is an attractive sport for young Muslims .
Archery classes are being held weekly at the Woking 's Shah Jahan Mosque , with riding classes at local stables .
The students are currently learning the two skills separately and will combine them this summer .
The sport is having something of a revival in the UK with the establishment of the British Horseback Archery Association in 2007 .
Coach Jehad Shamis , of organisation Archery for All , has competed in horseback archery competitions all over the world .
He gives weekly archery lessons in a hall at the mosque as well as overseeing the students ' riding lessons .
Image caption Beginners are taught riding and archery separately , before combining the skills
`` Archery is one of those sports that the Prophet Muhammad specifically recommended that we do , likewise horse riding , and it also helps you to overcome certain fears as well , '' he said .
`` British Asians and Muslims in general are not that good with animals either and it 's something that we really need to overcome . ''
Ambar Rachad , 16 , is learning both skills and is pointed out as `` the best '' by her mostly female fellow students .
She said she was nervous at first , and initially did not realise the significance of archery in Islam .
`` When we first started our lessons we went back into the history of archery , '' says Ambar .
`` Basically it 's a 'Sunnah ' ( a practice of the Prophet Muhammad ) which is recommended . We 've done competitions which are really fun , but every lesson is a competition because we try and beat each other . ''
During the lessons , Mr Shamis reads out a saying of the Prophet Muhammad , a Hadith , in which archery or horse riding is mentioned .
Image caption Pupils learn the standard finger release and `` Mongolian '' thumb draw method of archery
Pupils are learning the standard finger release method of archery but also the more eastern or `` Mongolian '' thumb draw .
`` Initially when people learn archery we teach them with the finger release , '' he said .
`` It 's very similar to what you 'll see in the Olympics . But then with those that are wishing to do traditional archery we do the thumb draw .
`` Although there is disagreement over this , it lends itself to horseback archery because it 's a little bit more efficient and easier to release . ''
Sajida Rehman has gained a qualification as an instructor and is teaching her daughter as well as other students .
`` More than anything else I think in our community we never had these facilities before . People can come and pray in the mosque but also there are other activities on offer . '' she said .
You can hear more on this story onAsian Network Reportson theBBC Asian Network
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Royals pitcher Nate Karns will undergo surgery next week to remove a rib that 's causing nerve pain in his forearm . He will miss the remainder of the season , though he expects to be ready by the time spring training rolls around .
Karns are acquired from the Seattle Mariners in the offseason and was off to a promising start in Kansas City when his forearm started hurting . The right-hander was placed on the disabled list on May 24 while the Royals began trying to determine the source of his nerve discomfort .
After other therapies failed to ease the pain , Karns consulted a specialist in thoracic outlet syndrome , which is caused by muscles attached to the uppermost rib that create a compression of nerves .
Wednesday 's surgery in Dallas will remove one of his ribs , alleviating some of that pressure .
NVIDIA released their earnings report for the fourth quarter of their fiscal year 2015 , which ended January 25th , 2015 . FY 2015 was a record for the company , with revenues coming in at $ 4.68 billion , up 13 % from 2014 . Q4 also had record revenue , following Q3 2014 which was also a record for NVIDIA . For the most recent quarter , NVIDIA had revenues of $ 1.25 billion , up 9 % from 2014 and up 2 % from Q3 2015 . Gross margin for Q4 2015 was $ 699 million , or 55.9 % which is up 1.8 % over Q4 2014 , and 0.7 % over Q3 2015 . Net income came in at $ 193 million , also up quarter-over-quarter 13 % , and year-over-year 40 % . Earnings per share were $ 0.35 ( GAAP ) , up 13 % over last quarter and 40 % over last year , and beating analysts expectations .
NVIDIA paid back $ 46 million in cash dividends , and bought back 200,000 shares in Q4 , bringing the 2015 fiscal year up to a total of $ 186 million in dividends and 44.4 million shares repurchased for $ 814 million , meaning NVIDIA was able to return $ 1.0 billion during the year . For FY 2016 , NVIDIA intends to return an additional $ 600 million through these methods . The next dividend will be $ 0.085 per share , paid on March 19 to all shareholders on record as of February 16 .
NVIDIA Q4 2015 Financial Results ( GAAP ) Q4'2015 Q3'2015 Q4'2014 Q/Q Y/Y Revenue ( in millions USD ) $ 1251 $ 1225 $ 1144 +2 % +9 % Gross Margin 55.9 % 55.2 % 54.1 % +0.7 % +1.8 % Operating Expenses ( in millions USD ) $ 468 $ 463 $ 452 +1 % +4 % Net Income $ 193 $ 173 $ 147 +12 % +31 % EPS $ 0.35 $ 0.31 $ 0.25 +13 % +40 %
NVIDIA has also released Non-GAAP figures which exclude the stock-based compensation , legal settlements , acquisition costs , investments , and a credit related to weak die/packaging material set .
NVIDIA Q4 2015 Financial Results ( Non-GAAP ) Q4'2015 Q3'2015 Q4'2014 Q/Q Y/Y Revenue ( in millions USD ) $ 1251 $ 1225 $ 1144 +2 % +9 % Gross Margin 56.2 % 55.5 % 53.8 % +0.7 % +2.4 % Operating Expenses ( in millions USD ) $ 420 $ 415 $ 408 +1 % +3 % Net Income $ 241 $ 220 $ 187 +10 % +34 % EPS $ 0.43 $ 0.39 $ 0.32 +10 % +34 %
The GPU business is still the main part of NVIDIA , and they had a nice boost . During Q4 , NVIDIA launched the GTX 960 GPU , as well as the GTX 965M . This , combined with the GTX 980 , 970 , 980M , and 970M launches recently have propelled the GPU revenue up to $ 1.073 billion for the quarter . This is an 8 % increase over Q3 2015 , and a year-over-year gain of 13 % . Maxwell based cards have been very popular , and NVIDIA has seen strength in the PC gaming market for their high-end offerings . Notebooks with discrete GPUs have also been selling well , showing sales well above year-ago levels .
Tegra sales fell quite substantially this quarter , after several quarters of strong growth . For Q4 2015 , Tegra revenue was $ 112 million , down from $ 168 million in Q3 , and $ 131 million a year ago . This represents a decrease in revenue of 33 % quarter-over-quarter , and 15 % year-over-year . Smartphone and tablet design wins featuring NVIDIA Tegra drove the decline , however automotive Infotainment sales more than doubled . This helps explain why NVIDIA focused solely on the Tegra X1 at CES this year , as it has been a very strong market for their processors .
The remaining revenue is $ 66 million , which is a licensing fee paid by Intel to NVIDIA every quarter .
NVIDIA Quarterly Revenue Comparison ( GAAP ) In millions Q4'2015 Q3'2015 Q4'2014 Q/Q Y/Y GPU $ 1073 $ 991 $ 947 +8 % +13 % Tegra Processor $ 112 $ 168 $ 131 -33 % -15 % Other $ 66 $ 66 $ 66 flat flat
It was a great FY 2015 for NVIDIA . Strong GPU sales offset the weaker smartphone and tablet SoC sales , but Tegra in the automotive space continues to perform very well .
For Q1 FY 2016 ( yes , NVIDIA 's fiscal year is almost an entire year ahead of calendar year ) the company is expecting revenues of $ 1.16 billion , plus or minus 2 % , and GAAP margins of 56.2 % , with Non-GAAP margins of 56.5 % .
Source : NVIDIA
Link of the day - Free $ 50 Kmart card .
1 . Sway : The Irresistible Pull of Irrational Behavior
Why is it so difficult to sell a plummeting stock or end a doomed relationship ? Why do we listen to advice just because it came from someone “ important ” ? Why are we more likely to fall in love when there 's danger involved ? In Sway , renowned organizational thinker Ori Brafman and his brother , psychologist Rom Brafman , answer all these questions and more .
Sway introduces us to the Harvard Business School professor who got his students to pay $ 204 for a $ 20 bill , the head of airline safety whose disregard for his years of training led to the transformation of an entire industry , and the football coach who turned conventional strategy on its head to lead his team to victory . We also learn the curse of the NBA draft , discover why interviews are a terrible way to gauge future job performance , and go inside a session with the Supreme Court to see how the world 's most powerful justices avoid the dangers of group dynamics .
2 . Predictably Irrational : The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions
What Ariely has done here is shifted a lot of the thinking developed by such pioneers as Kahneman & Tversky who worked in behavioural economics , and moved it into the everyday sphere . And he 's done a great , insightful job . Where the behavioural economists are focused on financial decisions ( why we buy high and sell low - and confound the assumptions of the classic economists who assume ‘ the rational man , ) Ariely eschews the technical language and walks us through everyday examples of our often fuzzy and quite irrational decision-making .
3 . The Paradox of Choice : Why More Is Less
I think “ Paradox of Choice ” does bring insight into shopping , but its range is actually much wider than that . Schwartz discusses people making difficult decisions about jobs , families , where to live , whether to have children , how to spend recreational time , choosing colleges , etc . He talks about why making these decisions today is much harder than it was 30 years ago , and he offers many practical suggestions for how to address decision-making so that it creates less stress and more happiness . He even discusses how so much additional choice affects children , and how parents can help make childhood ( particularly young childhood ) less stressful .
4 . Nudge : Improving Decisions About Health , Wealth , and Happiness
“ Buy on apples , sell on cheese ” is an old proverb among wine merchants . Taking a bite of an apple before tasting wine makes it easier to detect flaws in the wine , and the buyer who does so will not as easily make the mistake of paying more than the wine is worth . Cheese , on the other hand , pairs well with wine and enhances its flavor , so a seller who offers cheese may command a higher price for the wine ( and may even deserve it , if the wine is intended to be drunk with cheese ) . The proverb captures important psychological nuances of choice . The same product - a bottle of wine or a risky medical procedure - may be perceived differently depending on its context , and it is often possible to arrange the context to influence a choice while still maintaining the decision maker 's autonomy .
5 . Quirkology : How We Discover the Big Truths in Small Things
Richard Wiseman is an experimental psychologist and professor of “ public understanding of psychology. ” In this book , he discusses dozens of experiments performed by himself and other psychologists around the world over the course of the last hundred years . All these experiments have in common is unusual research methodology or amusing results .
Topics include studies of personal ads and pickup lines , determining which are most effective , how to detect liars , manifestations of prejudice and hypocrisy ( are religious people or priests more honest or generous than others ? it has been tested ) . Wiseman even ran tests to see which experiments in the book are the most interesting , to help the reader know what would be the best conversation starters at parties .
6 . Blind Spots : Why Smart People Do Dumb Things
Clinical psychologist Van Hecke has compiled a list of 10 mental glitches that have infiltrated contemporary society , afflicting even the smartest among us , limiting thought , success and relationships . Van Hecke devotes a chapter to each blind spot , including “ Not stopping to think , ” “ Not noticing , ” “ Jumping to conclusions ” and “ Missing the big picture. ” Examining each in detail , Van Hecke details the root causes of these unconscious habits ( ” information overload , ” “ our tendency to habituate ” ) and tactics for overcoming them , using humorous anecdotes and other real-life examples to drive her points ; the key is remaining open to new ideas and taking a step back from our busy lives in order to process information , situations and people . Filling in “ the big picture ” herself , Van Hecke demonstrates how embracing and understanding our weaknesses can not only improve personal and professional relationships , but also entire communities ; this self-help is a welcome , highly readable first step .
7 . Kluge : The Haphazard Construction of the Human Mind
In “ Kluge , ” psychologist Gary Marcus looks to the many and varied foibles , inconsistencies , and inaccuracies of the human mind and concludes that our brains are not , in fact , models of brilliance and efficiency , but are rather cobbled-together systems , designed for one purpose and pressed into action for another - the classic definition of a kluge .
The most famous kluge is probably the case of the carbon scrubbers on the ill-fated Apollo 13 mission . Crunched for time , engineers managed to create a system out of duct tape and socks ( seriously ) that worked adequately enough to clean the air on the space module- even though none of the materials they used were designed for , or optimal for , the job at hand . The result was ugly and inefficient - but it kept the astronauts alive . Likewise , Marcus argues , evolution has endowed humans with a hodgepodge of genetic material - the DNA equivalent of duct tape - with which to build all the sophisticated systems that supposedly set us apart from other creatures , like language , memory , and reason . The result is , for example in the case of language , “ a vocal apparatus more byzantine than a bagpipe made up entirely of pipe cleaners and cardboard dowels . ”
8 . The Drunkard 's Walk : How Randomness Rules Our Lives
The author writes to the layman , making the language of statistics , probability , randomness a fascinating read . It 's clear that he 's well aware of the fallacies and delusions ( and consequent harm ) to which most of us are easy prey . But he leaves it to the reader to draw any philosophical-theological inferences about the need for greater humility . His immediate goal is to help the reader understand the distinction between 1. the “ common-sense ” logic employed by self-serving finite beings coping with problems in the material world and 2. a “ scientific method ” that takes nothing for granted in a universe of perpetual flux . More miraculous than either the accomplishments of the romantic hero or the intercessions of a supreme being ( everyday stuff for most of us ) is the rare discovery that two things ( or “ events ” in the spatial-temporal order ) suspected of being connected ( a hypothesis ) in fact can not be shown “ not ” to have such a relationship ( the proof ) .
9 . Guesstimation : Solving the World 's Problems on the Back of a Cocktail Napkin
Somehow , guessing at numbers is unsettling , even though I 've done it all my life . John Adam is a professor of applied mathematics , with a degree in physics . Larry Weinstein is a nuclear physicist . Their book is devoted to proving that intelligent guessing is useful and fun . The book lays out some general principles but its great strength lies in the interesting problems , a series of hints to help you solve each problem , and an interesting discussion of the pitfalls and triumphs involved .
10 . Influence : The Psychology of Persuasion
Cialdini believes that influence is a science . This idea attracted me . As a rhetorician , I have always thought of persuasion as more of an art . Cialdini , however , makes a first-rate case for the science point of view . But maybe most importantly , he makes his case in a well-written , intelligent , and entertaining manner . Not only is this an important book to read , it is a fun book to read too .
He introduces you to six principles of ethical persuasion : reciprocity , scarcity , liking , authority , social proof , and commitment/consistency . A chapter is devoted to each and you quickly see why Cialdini looks at influence as a science . Each principle is backed by social scientific testing and restesting . Each chapter is also filled with interesting examples that help you see how each principle can be applied . By the end of the book , I had little doubt that these are six important dimensions of human interaction .
Fart Gene Isolated . Now , That 's A Breakthough !
Mariage Annulled , After Bride Turns Out To Be Not A Virgin .
Whoops . Antibacterial Wipes Can Spread Bacteria
Weird $ 4 Gas Side-Effect
What Do People Do When Their Neighbors Win In Lottery ?
The preliminary deficit reduction plan recently released by the co-chairmen of the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility would kill four million jobs over the next three years , according to a recently published analysis by the Economic Policy Institute ( EPI ) .
“ Using the rule of thumb that a 1 % increase in GDP increases payroll employment by 1 million jobs , we estimate that Co-Chairs ' Proposal would thus reduce payroll employment by roughly 723,000 jobs in 2012 , 1.4 million jobs in 2013 , and 1.9 million jobs in 2014 , ” economists Josh Bivens and Andrew Fieldhouse said in their report , “ Fiscal commissioners ' proposal would cost millions of jobs . ”
Bivens and Fieldhouse said in their report that the proposal drafted by former Sen. Alan Simpson ( R-Wy . ) and Erskine Bowles , President Bill Clinton 's former chief of staff , plays “ lip service ” to future economic conditions in America .
The EPI report said that because Simpson-Bowles proposal assumes the unemployment rate will remain roughly at the current level , or perhaps higher , austerity policies and slow economic growth would create “ more job losses and less deficit reduction . ”
“ We calculate that the savings path outlined in the Co-Chairs ' proposal would decrease GDP by $ 114.0 billion in 2012 , $ 227.7 billion in 2013 , and $ 345.0 billion in 2014 , ” Bivens and Fieldhouse wrote .
The EPI economists added that the Simpson-Bowles plan would also “ produce far less budgetary savings than they assume , as the cyclical effects of depressed economic activity on the budget will largely defray the savings from spending cuts and tax increases . ”
The draft report released by Simpson along with co-Chair Bowles proposed raising the retirement age to 69 by 2070 . Additionally , 90 percent of Social Security income would be taxable , as opposed to 82.5 percent as is currently projected .
Simpson told Jeremy Pelzer at the Casper Star-Tribune that the public 's reaction to the proposal was the worst he had seen in his life .
“ Just vicious . People I 've known , relatives [ saying ] , ‘ You son of a bitch . How could you do this ? ' ” Simpson recalled .
Critics of the proposal have dubbed the group the “ catfood commission ” because seniors who see their benefits cut would have to reduce their expenses or find additional sources of income .
“ We had the greatest generation , ” Simpson said . “ I think this is the greediest generation . ”
AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka has said Simpson and Bowles “ just told working Americans to “ drop dead . ”
“ Especially in these tough economic times , it is unconscionable to be proposing cuts to the critical economic lifelines for working people , Social Security and Medicare . Some people are saying this plan is just a ‘ starting point . ' Let me be clear , it is not , ” Trumpka said .
Bivens and Fieldhouse suggested a better path that would involve creating jobs , ending the Bush-era tax cuts for the wealthy , and reforming health care more .
“ In the present economic environment , the near-term austerity measures proposed by the co-chairs would be fiscally counterproductive and crippling to states , communities , and families , delaying a robust economic recovery for years. ” they wrote .
With reporting by David Edwards .
VANUATU , a nation of just 257,000 , expelled the 12-member police contingent from neighbouring Australia on May 10th . The action was in retaliation for an incident at Sydney airport involving Vanuatu 's prime minister , Sato Kilman . While in transit to Israel , Mr Kilman and his entourage were made to pass through immigration , rather than being ushered into a VIP lounge . Once on Australian soil , Mr Kilman 's private secretary , Clarence Marae , was promptly arrested by federal police on charges of tax fraud . The Vanuatu government has been careful to justify the expulsion of the Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) not by complaining about Mr Marae 's arrest but by protesting at the discourtesy shown to the prime minister . Australia 's foreign minister , Bob Carr , responded by threatening to cut aid to Vanuatu .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
This is not the first time Pacific Island leaders have taken umbrage at their treatment in Australian airports . In 2005 security officers in Brisbane airport required Papua New Guinea 's then prime minister , Sir Michael Somare , to remove his shoes , sparking angry protests . Nor is it the first time Vanuatu has clashed with the AFP . In 2004 its government closed down the AFP offices in the capital , Port Vila , and expelled officers , after allegations that they were spying and interfering with domestic politics . The AFP 's main concerns in Vanuatu have been over the country marketing itself vigorously as an international tax haven , and over the risk posed by the volatile Vanuatu Mobile Force , the paramilitary wing of the local police force . Protecting Australia 's national interests under the guise of so-called capacity-building can quickly lead to tensions .
The AFP 's activities in Vanuatu have been part of a broader expansion over the past decade of Australian policing across the Pacific . Peacekeeping missions to Timor-Leste since 1999 and to the Solomon Islands , beginning in 2003 , boosted police numbers . In the past decade , the AFP has trebled in size and increased its budget fivefold . The AFP commissioner now has an influential role on the Australian cabinet 's national-security committee . In Australia most domestic policing is carried out by state police forces , leaving the federal force largely free , outside aboriginal communities in the Northern Territory , to focus on international deployments .
Their efforts have often led to accusations of heavy-handedness . In 2005 a mission to Papua New Guinea was abandoned after that country 's Supreme Court ruled that legal immunities granted to AFP officers were unconstitutional . In 2006 the Solomon Islands ' police chief , Shane Castles , an Australian , was sacked and declared an “ undesirable immigrant ” after a raid by his police officers on the office of the prime minister . That raid was connected with the AFP 's long-standing pursuit of the Solomon Islands ' then attorney-general , Julian Moti , on charges of sex with an underage girl . Mr Moti was deported to Australia in 2007 , arrested and brought before the courts . In December 2011 the High Court threw the case out , finding that Australian officials had colluded in Mr Moti 's illegal deportation .
Australia 's relations with the Pacific Island states have improved since the mid-2000s , a time when the government of John Howard , the prime minister , earned something of a reputation for diplomatic fiascos involving island leaders . Mr Carr , who took up his post as foreign minister only in March , would do well to avoid a similar notoriety .
A year after Gaddafi was overthrown , British businesses are not returning . Are they missing a chance – or is the country just still too fragile ?
Regatta is a large gated compound set aside for foreign business executives on the coast west of Tripoli . Most of its homes lie empty , many ransacked by militias , and sand blown in from the seafront forms little dunes on its roads . It was n't meant to be like this .
It is now a year since the fall of Muammar Gaddafi 's dictatorship , which triggered seemingly endless predictions by the likes of UK defence secretary Philip Hammond that British executives would be `` packing their suitcases '' to share in a reconstruction bonanza . Yet Regatta stubbornly refuses to become anything but a ghost town – if not a laboured symbol for the state of Libya 's business life .
`` Nobody is coming back here : it 's not safe , '' admits one of the compound 's few residents , a German engineer . Those foreign companies that are again operating skeleton staffs say their executives refuse to bring their families .
In April , the UK 's ambassador to Libya , Sir Dominic Asquith , addressed a delegation of the Libyan British Business Council ( LBBC ) in Tripoli . The trade body reported to members that he `` spoke vehemently of his surprise and disappointment at British firms ' slow response to the business opportunities '' .
Then in May , UK-listed oil giant Shell added to the sense of disengagement when it said it was abandoning its wells and stopping exploration in Libya . Meanwhile , pumps supplier Weir Group has so far refused to return to Libya – it had been working on a multimillion-pound power plant refurbishment in Misrata . Oil services firm Wood Group , which last week revealed it had just received a payment of $ 5.8m ( £3.7m ) from the new Libyan government for work performed for the previous regime , is also cautious : `` The pattern to look at [ to predict how Libya will develop ] is Iraq . There was a great deal of discussion about the potential there , but it is only now that people are starting to get engaged . ''
However , the LBBC is slightly more positive when addressing the wider world . Director general Robin Lamb insists British firms are keeping their end up : `` Someone said 'where are the Brits ? ' , but we 're not lagging behind . There are three branches of Next , branches of BHS , Topshop , M & S… ''
libya map
Among other hopeful signs is the return of BP – which announced a deal to explore for Libyan oil in 2007 only to withdraw during the Arab spring . `` We are preparing to pick up our exploration programme where we left off in early 2011 and we 've started assigning contracts , '' says a spokesman . `` It will take time to rebuild our capabilities and we do n't expect any drilling to start until next year . ''
Elsewhere , Heritage Oil , a FTSE-250 prospector , has long-term permits and licences to supply the country 's oilfields after acquiring a 51 % share in oil services group Sahara in October . `` Sahara is active but so far has not generated any revenues , '' the company says . `` We are working on various tenders and have held discussions with senior members of government and state oil companies . ''
Still , none of these projects currently looks like forming part of the bonanza envisaged 12 months ago . So why is the reconstruction taking so long ?
Security remains a problem : two car bombs earlier this month in Tripoli set nerves on edge . Tribal fighting also continues in towns to the south , and western diplomatic missions have been attacked in Benghazi , Libya 's second city .
`` A string of assassinations , mainly of individuals linked to the Gaddafi regime , and attacks on western targets have sent a worrying message , '' says Jonathan Terry of risk consultancy Maplecroft . `` Libyan officials have repeatedly said that companies from countries such as Britain , France and the US who supported the intervention would be 'rewarded ' , but the extent to which this promise will be upheld has yet to be seen . ''
For many , the slow progress is down to westerners not understanding the pace at which Libya works . One seasoned middle-eastern oil executive says : `` The [ Libyan ] National Transition Council was very careful not to say it was going to give any long-term contracts until after a democratically elected government was formed . There was never going to be this rush for contracts . ''
Elections took place in July , and though they passed off peacefully , a new cabinet has yet to be formed . `` It 's taken a while for the Libyan government to get organised , '' says Maryann Maguire of UK-based consultancy InterCultures .
Nowhere illustrates the stagnation better than Tripoli 's stock market . In a country supposedly hungry for reconstruction , financial traders should be rushed off their feet . Instead , they spend their days staring at chains of orange zeroes on big wall-mounted screens .
Brokers say the government , staffed by officials of the former dictatorship , is not equipped to make the transition to a free market . Stock market trading director Mohammed Salabi has a series of bulky files containing a model regulatory law drafted by his own officials and drawing on experience in bourses in London , Paris and New York . Even now , he claims , the administration has made no move to implement his regulations which , he says , would give investors confidence to buy shares .
`` The economics minister still does not understand the importance of the Libyan stock market , '' he says . `` We made the regulations… We cook the food , we make the dish , we give the fork and the knife and ask him please , just eat it . ''
Yet other foreign firms are beginning to tuck in . France 's Nexans was recently awarded an £80m electric cable contract , and Germany 's Wintershall has begun work on a major new oil pipeline . `` France , Italy , Turkey and Germany have a completely different culture to doing business , '' says InterCultures ' Maguire . `` British business culture is more reserved . ''
Some nationalities have definitely demonstrated more corporate aggression in Libya , though it remains to be seen how effective these strategies will be .
Hans Meier-Ewert of the German-African Business Association made his first visit during the war , flying in five tonnes of medical aid and a plane-load of executives while fighting still raged . `` We want to be the early bird , '' he says . `` It 's not important to have the deals immediately ; its important we go and see them . ''
Apart from British reserve , other more tangible barriers to Britain 's business remain . A regular complaint from companies is the line taken by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office , which counsels against `` all but essential travel '' to Libya . This bumps up insurance cost and puts firms off making the trip .
Still , the LBBC 's Lamb is optimistic , arguing that the bonanza is delayed , not abandoned . He hopes the new government will speed reform : `` Our own advice is that going to Libya for business purposes is now 'essential ' , '' he says .
The sales pitch certainly sounds alluring . After 40 years of idiosyncratic dictatorship , Libya 's six million people are hungry for everything from roads and hospitals to phones and fashion . The country has no railway and no public bus service . UK Trade and Investment estimates Libya will eventually spend more than £125bn on reconstruction .
`` Libya is virgin land : any business coming here will be a success , '' says Ehab Abdelo-Meged , manager of a branch of the US bakery chain Cinnabon – the sole foreign-owned fast food franchise to open in Tripoli in 12 months . `` Look at retail . All the guys here buy their clothes from aboard . Why would they go abroad if they could buy them here ? ''
If they could , no doubt they would . But sceptics wonder for how long fashion-conscious Libyans will have to – literally – embark on shopping trips , while others worry that the bloodshed may still have years to run . `` Nothing will happen [ commercially ] until things settle down , and that could take years , '' says one expert . `` The Libyans are settling old scores and will probably go through further tribal battles , and possibly civil war . ''
Hillary Clinton on Thursday announced an increase to her proposed top estate tax rate in her latest nod to Sen. Bernie Sanders and the progressive wing of her Democratic Party .
Clinton has repeatedly called to put a larger tax burden on the wealthiest Americans to boost investment in infrastructure and job creation . The revision will put a 65 percent tax rate on estates valued at $ 1 billion or more per couple , the Clinton campaign said Thursday .
In 2016 , estate tax returns must be filed for estates valued at $ 5.5 million or more , according to the Internal Revenue Service . The top rate currently sits at about 40 percent , while Clinton had previously proposed an increase to 45 percent on inherited property .
Sanders , Clinton 's populist primary opponent , had previously proposed that top rate , which the Republican Party quickly criticized Thursday . Clinton 's GOP opponent Donald Trump has called for an outright elimination of the so-called `` death tax , '' a proposal Clinton and other critics have contended would help Trump himself .
State mandates requiring commercial health plans to cover services for children with autism spectrum disorder ( ASD ) were associated with increased diagnoses but the treated prevalence of ASD was still lower than estimates of community prevalence , according to an article published online by JAMA Pediatrics .
Social communication impairment , repetitive behaviors and restricted interests characterize ASD . Recommended treatments include behavioral and educational interventions that can continue for years . Consequently , health care costs are higher for children with ASD than typically developing children . Until recently , commercial health insurance plans typically did not cover treatments for children with ASD . Most states have passed ASD insurance mandates . Insurance companies fought the mandates , arguing that the number of enrollees diagnosed with ASD would increase .
David S. Mandell , Sc.D. , of the University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine , and coauthors analyzed data from three large , national health insurance companies – United HealthCare , Aetna and Humana – to examine the treated prevalence of ASD , which is an indicator of whether a child in a given month had at least one health care service claim associated with a diagnosis of ASD . There were 29 state mandates implemented during the study period 2008 through 2012 .
Among more than 1 million children in states with ASD insurance mandates , the treated prevalence was 1.8 per 1,000 children compared with 1.6 per 1,000 children in states without such a mandate . That translated to a 12.7 percent increase in treated prevalence relative to the 1.6 per 1,000 among eligible children in states without a mandate , according to the results .
The study also looked at treated prevalence rates over time . Compared with the treated prevalence rate of 1.6 per 1,000 children among eligible children in states without mandates , the rates among eligible children in states with an ASD mandate were 1.7 , 1.8 and 1.8 per 1,000 in the first , second and third years after mandate implementation , according to the results . Those were attributable to 10.4 percent , 17.1 percent and 18 percent increases , respectively , in treated prevalence , the study indicates .
The authors suggest it is “ perhaps not a fair direct comparison ” to note that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's estimate of community prevalence for ASD is 15 per 1,000 children .
The authors note study limitations that include ASD diagnoses not being confirmed through observation or clinical interview .
“ Mandates have had a promising effect on increasing the number of commercially insured children diagnosed with ASD and the effect increases two years after implementation ; however , that number is still well below the community prevalence of ASD . On the one hand , this finding should allay insurers ' concerns regarding potential sizable increases in cost . On the other hand , the mandates have not had the full effect that advocates desired . The results suggest the need for additional strategies to enforce the mandates and address barriers , such as regulatory issues or clinician capacity , that inhibit the timely and appropriate identification of children with ASD , ” the authors conclude .
EVAN COX used to deliver pizza . But 18 months ago , as he was running out of money at college in Seattle , he had a new business idea . The state of Washington was in the process of legalising the sale of marijuana , but he guessed it would take time for pot shops to open . So he set up Winterlife , a marijuana-delivery service .
Delivering dope is like delivering pizza , but easier . “ You do n't need to keep your product warm , so you do n't need to return to base nearly as often , ” says Mr Cox . “ Your customers can peruse your menu but choose from your actual available selection at the time of arrival. ” ( And order a real pizza if they get the munchies afterwards . ) Winterlife generates $ 1m a month , he says , and employs 50 people . Its website boasts that it is a “ business with a conscience ” that supports orphaned squirrels .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Mr Cox operates at the edge of the law . Although it is legal to buy marijuana in Washington state , the person who delivers it could be guilty of a felony . That has n't stopped Winterlife from attracting competitors . Mr Cox has registered as a business with the city and state , but he can not open a bank account , thanks to federal rules . In April , he paid $ 167,000 in sales tax to the Washington State Department of Revenue—in cash .
Dope-delivery services are also popular in states with stricter laws . In New York , dealing is banned but possession has been decriminalised . More than a dozen illegal delivery services now serve tokers in Manhattan and Brooklyn . Anyone with a recommendation from an existing client can call a number and wait an hour or so for a clean-cut young man to show up , probably on a bike , with a backpack of different varieties . The messengers sell only marijuana and carry less than 25g , which makes them liable for a fine if stopped , not a misdemeanour charge . Police know about their operations but ignore them .
A typical 2.5g package costs $ 50 or more . This is much pricier than street dope , but you are less likely to be mugged . Affluent tokers are happy to pay more for safety and convenience . Home delivery works less well for hard drugs , says Peter Reuter , an economist at the University of Maryland , since the markets are smaller and the criminal penalties much stiffer .
Even in states where bricks-and-mortar pot shops are allowed , some firms just deliver . Wheresweed.com , an industry directory , lists dozens of delivery-only services in California , Oregon and Colorado . Many of San Diego 's storefront pot dispensaries became delivery services when county rules forced them to close temporarily .
Mark Kleiman of the University of California , Los Angeles , believes governments should favour delivery services over shops , which degrade neighbourhoods , are prone to robberies and attract “ shoulder-tapping ” minors who ask adults to buy for them , he says . Mr Kleiman also worries that storefronts , like liquor stores , provide a visual trigger , making it hard for drug abusers to give up .
Diablo III Platinum Trophy
Collected all other Diablo III Trophies .
1.4 %
Ultra Rare 8.39 %
Very Rare
Rite of Passage
Reach level 10 .
77.5 %
Common 86.52 %
Common
Demon Slayer
Reach level 30 .
50.7 %
Common 63.28 %
Common
Hero of Sanctuary
Reach level 60 .
17.4 %
Rare 30.97 %
Uncommon
Demon Slayer ( Hardcore )
Reach level 30 in Hardcore mode .
2.8 %
Ultra Rare 12.33 %
Rare
The Mad King 's End
Kill the Skeleton King in Normal mode .
75.3 %
Common 85.57 %
Common
The Mad King 's End ( Inferno )
Kill the Skeleton King in Inferno mode .
14.6 %
Very Rare 27.78 %
Uncommon
Butchered !
Kill the Butcher in Normal mode .
64.4 %
Common 75.81 %
Common
Butchered ! ( Inferno )
Kill the Butcher in Inferno mode .
13.7 %
Very Rare 26.75 %
Uncommon
The Coven Overthrown
Kill Maghda in Normal mode .
59.7 %
Common 71.31 %
Common
The Coven Overthrown ( Inferno )
Kill Maghda in Inferno mode .
13.3 %
Very Rare 26.19 %
Uncommon
The Lord of Lies
Kill Belial in Normal mode .
53.6 %
Common 66.07 %
Common
The Lord of Lies ( Inferno )
Kill Belial in Inferno mode .
12.6 %
Very Rare 25.47 %
Uncommon
The Lord of Sin
Kill Azmodan in Normal mode .
48.9 %
Rare 62.04 %
Common
The Lord of Sin ( Inferno )
Kill Azmodan in Inferno mode .
12.5 %
Very Rare 25.41 %
Uncommon
The Prime Evil
Kill Diablo in Normal mode .
47.1 %
Rare 60.96 %
Common
The Prime Evil ( Nightmare )
Kill Diablo in Nightmare mode .
23.2 %
Rare 37.13 %
Uncommon
The Prime Evil ( Hell )
Kill Diablo in Hell mode .
16.3 %
Rare 29.81 %
Uncommon
The Prime Evil ( Inferno )
Kill Diablo in Inferno mode .
12.5 %
Very Rare 25.48 %
Uncommon
The Last of the Horadrim
Complete all quests in Act I .
62.1 %
Common 73.82 %
Common
The Black Soulstone
Complete all quests in Act II .
52.3 %
Common 65.01 %
Common
The Wages of Sin
Complete all quests in Act III .
48.2 %
Rare 61.49 %
Common
Victory and Sacrifice
Complete all quests in Act IV .
46.4 %
Rare 60.26 %
Common
Fresh Meat
Complete all the Butcher triumph challenges .
6.0 %
Very Rare 17.40 %
Rare
Out of the Shadows
Complete all the Belial triumph challenges .
6.9 %
Very Rare 18.70 %
Rare
Azmodone
Complete all the Azmodan triumph challenges .
12.8 %
Very Rare 25.96 %
Uncommon
Diabolical
Complete all the Diablo triumph challenges .
3.3 %
Ultra Rare 13.89 %
Rare
Rarely There
Equip a rare ( yellow ) item .
78.8 %
Common 87.49 %
Common
Legends of the Brawl
Equip a legendary ( orange ) item .
81.5 %
Common 90.21 %
Common
Armed to the Teeth
Equip all Inventory slots with items that have a minimum required level of 25 or higher .
25.5 %
Rare 39.62 %
Uncommon
Prepared for Battle
Equip all Inventory slots with items that have a minimum required level of 60 or higher .
5.8 %
Very Rare 17.16 %
Rare
The Comfort of Strangers
Recruit the Templar , Scoundrel , and Enchantress .
45.1 %
Rare 58.65 %
Common
Friends with Benefits
Fully equip one of your followers .
41.1 %
Rare 53.54 %
Common
The Art of Conversation
Complete all the main character , follower , and artisan conversation challenges .
2.8 %
Ultra Rare 13.34 %
Rare
Breaking Not So Bad
Use a merchant to repair an item .
72.6 %
Common 82.87 %
Common
Shut Up and Take My Money !
Buy each type of item from merchants .
2.7 %
Ultra Rare 13.00 %
Rare
Bejeweled
Combine gems .
52.3 %
Common 65.01 %
Common
Made to Order
Craft 5 items .
58.1 %
Common 70.26 %
Common
A Life with Meaning
Raise the Blacksmith to level 10 .
17.8 %
Rare 31.68 %
Uncommon
Just a Hobby
Raise the Jeweler to level 10 .
15.3 %
Rare 29.03 %
Uncommon
Deep Pockets
Pick up 500,000 gold .
22.8 %
Rare 35.86 %
Uncommon
All That Glitters
Pick up 5,000,000 gold .
3.8 %
Ultra Rare 11.57 %
Rare
The Elitist
Kill 500 elite ( champion , rare , or unique ) enemies .
44.4 %
Rare 57.53 %
Common
Greed over Need
Kill 100 Treasure Goblins .
12.0 %
Very Rare 22.67 %
Uncommon
A team of archaeologists from the University of Sydney , the Australian National University and the University of Western Australia has unearthed a small fragment from the edge of 46,000-49,000-year-old stone axe . An analysis of the fragment was published online in the journal Australian Archaeology this week .
The axe fragment is about the size of a thumbnail and dates back between 46,000 and 49,000 years — around the time people first arrived on the continent , and more than 10,000 years earlier than any previous ground-edge axe discoveries .
“ This is the earliest evidence of hafted axes in the world . Nowhere else in the world do you get axes at this date , ” said co-author Prof. Sue O'Connor , from the Australian National University .
“ In Japan such axes appear about 35,000 years ago . But in most countries in the world they arrive with agriculture after 10,000 years ago . ”
Lead author Prof. Peter Hiscock , an archaeologist at the University of Sydney , added : “ the axe revealed that the first Australians were technological innovators . ”
“ Since there are no known axes in Southeast Asia during the Ice Age , this discovery shows us that when humans arrived in Australia they began to experiment with new technologies , inventing ways to exploit the resources they encountered in the new Australian landscape . ”
The axe fragment was initially excavated in the early 1990s at Carpenter 's Gap 1 , a large rock shelter known to be one of the first sites occupied by modern humans in Windjana Gorge National Park in the Kimberley region of Western Australia .
The new study has revealed that it comes from an axe made of basalt that had been shaped and polished by grinding it against a softer rock like sandstone .
This type of axe would have been very useful for a variety of tasks including making spears and chopping down or taking the bark off trees .
“ Polished stone axes were crucial tools in hunter-gatherer societies and were once the defining characteristic of the Neolithic phase of human life , ” Prof. Hiscock said .
“ But when were axes invented ? This question has been pursued for decades , since archaeologists discovered that in Australia axes were older than in many other places . Now we have a discovery that appears to answer the question . ”
“ Evidence suggests the technology was developed in Australia after people arrived around 50,000 years ago , ” Prof. O'Connor said .
“ We know that they did n't have axes where they came from . There are no axes in the islands to our north . They arrived in Australia and invented axes . ”
According to Prof. Hiscock , the ground-edge axe technology specifically arose as the dispersing humans adapted to their new regional landscapes .
“ Although humans spread across Australia , axe technology did not spread with them , ” he said .
“ Axes were only made in the tropical north , perhaps suggesting two different colonizing groups or that the technology was abandoned as people spread into desert and sub-topical woodlands . ”
“ These differences between northern Australia , where axes were always used , and southern Australia , where they were not , originated around the time of colonization and persisted until the last few thousand years when axes began to be made in most southern parts of mainland Australia . ”
_____
Peter Hiscock et al . 2016 . World 's earliest ground-edge axe production coincides with human colonisation of Australia . Australian Archaeology , vol . 82 , no . 1 ; doi : 10.1080/03122417.2016.1164379
Proibidão , which literally translates to `` strongly prohibited '' , is a subgenre of funk carioca music originating from the favelas of Rio de Janeiro where it began in the early 1990s as a parallel phenomenon to the growth of drug gangs in the many slums of the city . The drug gangs sponsored DJs and baile funks in the favelas they controlled to spread respect and love for their gang as well as hate to the other gangs . The music that resulted is proibidão .
Proibidão is characterized as a raw mix of live funk vocals and Miami bass structures . The explicit lyrics typically promote the gang the MC is affiliated with , crime , drug use , and violence . Like gang members , MCs who speak ill of their allied gang or perform outside of their gang 's territory risk the possibility of violence or death . Each drug gang sponsors their own baile funk at their own favela ( s ) , which results in a unique sound that distinguishes each MC , and by extension , each gang .
The highly territorial nature of the gangs has made proibidão an extremely localized form of funk in Rio de Janeiro . Moreover , in Brazil , it is against the law to promote crime in song lyrics which makes most proibidão songs illegal to perform or broadcast through radio ( hence the name `` proibidão '' ) . [ 1 ] These two factors seldom allow proibidão to be heard beyond the live performances in favela .
One particularly powerful gang , the Comando Vermelho ( Portuguese for Red Command ) has given poor youths free girls , drinks , and entertainment at their dances , hoping to engrain a positive image of drug-dealing and gang membership to Rio youths . In Red Command released CDs , their gang sign , a CV , sits across the label , representing the community and the gang instead of the artists . [ 2 ] The Red Command 's influence was best shown in 1990 , when William Santos de Souza and Duda , the `` Kings of Rio rap '' at the time , released a track entitled , `` Rap do Borel '' shouting out to a gang-controlled favela in Rio . [ 3 ] No gang better represents Proibidão than the Commando Vermelho .
Other gangs also have renowned songs . For example , the gang Amigos dos Amigos ( Portuguese for ‘ 'Friends of Friends '' ) is known for `` A.D.A do Chuck '' , featuring MC Cruel . Another Funk emcee , MC Colibri , was very successful with erotic funk , but he has also already made music for the Terceiro Comando Puro [ 4 ]
Proibidão has some very important implications for the acquisition of social space in Rio . For the gangs and drug lords , it represents a form of musical expression that corresponds to territorial dominance . In effect , when these gangs host their particular bailes , they assert their authority over rival gangs and state law enforcement . Since Proibidão elicits the criminal lifestyle and habitual drug use which characterize its performers , police naturally attempt to stop the bailes and the correlative spread of Proibidão . [ 5 ] Thus , when myriad bailes do subsist each week , despite the efforts of state programs like D.R.E ( Divisão de Repressão à Entorpecentes or Division of the Repression Against Drugs ) [ 6 ] to stop them , it is a palpable win for the gangs . In addition to just hosting these bailes , the gangs recruit urban youth and advertise their daily struggle , which makes the favela bailes a crucial social space in which gangs can conduct business .
References [ edit ]
Actor Johnny Depp apologized on Friday for reportedly joking about assassinating President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE during an appearance at an arts festival on Thursday .
“ I apologize for the bad joke I attempted last night in poor taste about President Trump , ” Depp said in a statement to People magazine . “ It did not come out as intended , and I intended no malice . I was only trying to amuse , not to harm anyone . ”
Speaking at Glastonbury Festival in England on Thursday , Depp asked the audience `` when was the last time an actor assassinated a president . ''
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I 'm not insinuating anything — by the way , this will be in the press and it will be horrible — but when was the last time an actor assassinated a president ? ” Depp asked the audience .
The line was an apparent reference to Abraham Lincoln 's 1865 assassination by actor and Confederate sympathizer John Wilkes Booth at Ford 's Theatre in Washington .
Depp faced immediate backlash for the remarks , becoming the latest celebrity to come under fire for making apparently violent remarks about Trump .
Comedian Kathy Griffin faced scrutiny last month after she posed for a photoshoot holding what appeared to be the fake severed head of Trump . CNN later terminated its contract with Griffin to appear on the network 's New Year 's Eve program .
The San Francisco 49ers are building from the trenches out , and while John Lynch thinks the defensive line was a strength of sorts last year , he is wasting no time looking for depth . Minnesota Vikings reporter Chris Tomasson is reporting the 49ers are one of a handful of teams showing interest in Cincinnati Bengals defensive tackle Domata Peko . Per Tomasson , the Vikings , Eagles , and Bengals are all in the mix as well .
The Vikings appear to be the most likely landing spot due to Peko 's relationship with former Bengals defensive coordinator Mike Zimmer . From what I 'm reading , Peko is best suited as a nose tackle . However , he ended up with a more regular role in Cincinnati last season , and Bengals fans were not pleased . It sounds like the primary reason for the Bengals wanting to re-sign him was his leadership in the locker room , and not because he is a consistently useful contributor .
A rotational role would seem to make sense for Peko . The talk of his leadership in the locker room certainly makes it easy to understand why John Lynch and Kyle Shanahan might be interested . And he would not need to fill a major role following the signing of Earl Mitchell last week . But my guess is he ends up with the Vikings .
A Catholic hospital in Michigan is under fire after a pregnant woman with a brain tumor was denied a life-saving procedure.Jessica Mann , of Flushing , Michigan , was advised by her doctors to have her tubes tied when she has her scheduled C-section . Catholic Genesys Hospital refused , saying the sterilizing procedure is “ intrinsically evil , ” according to complaint filed Wednesday by the American Civil Liberties Union . “ Genesys has chosen to abide by a religious policy that substantially departs from accepted medical standards . As a result , Jessica Mann is now forced to abandon her hospital and longtime doctor , ” said Brooke Tucker , attorney at the ACLU of Michigan.Mann is 27 weeks pregnant with her fourth child . Doctors have recommended that she avoid future pregnancies because of risks posed by her brain tumor . “ As a Catholic healthcare system , we follow the ethical and religious directives of the Church , ” the hospital told Yahoo Parenting .
A Catholic hospital in Michigan is under fire after a pregnant woman with a brain tumor was denied a life-saving procedure .
Jessica Mann , of Flushing , Michigan , was advised by her doctors to have her tubes tied when she has her scheduled C-section .
Advertisement
Catholic Genesys Hospital refused , saying the sterilizing procedure is “ intrinsically evil , ” according to complaint filed Wednesday by the American Civil Liberties Union .
“ Genesys has chosen to abide by a religious policy that substantially departs from accepted medical standards . As a result , Jessica Mann is now forced to abandon her hospital and longtime doctor , ” said Brooke Tucker , attorney at the ACLU of Michigan .
Mann is 27 weeks pregnant with her fourth child . Doctors have recommended that she avoid future pregnancies because of risks posed by her brain tumor .
“ As a Catholic healthcare system , we follow the ethical and religious directives of the Church , ” the hospital told Yahoo Parenting .
AlertMe
Matt Zeller is a veteran of the war in Afghanistan and the co-founder and chief executive of No One Left Behind
With his latest executive order and immigration ban , President Trump has shut the door on thousands of foreign interpreters , our wartime allies , who have served alongside our military since 2001 . As a combat veteran who has served in the U.S. Army , this action deeply disappoints and angers me . I should n't be alive today . I am only here writing this piece because of my Afghan Muslim translator , Janis . He shot and killed two Taliban fighters who nearly ambushed me in a firefight in Afghanistan in 2008 .
The president 's actions on Friday are troubling for so many reasons . First , the sweeping ban does n't take into account that our allied military translators are quite possibly the most vetted individuals aligned with our military . The stringent background checks begin long before they are cleared to work alongside Americans in a combat zone . Then the process for granting the Special Immigrant Visa ( SIV ) , which allows them to resettle in the United States , is even more painstaking . To even apply for the SIV , one must meet ALL of the following criteria :
Be a national of Iraq or Afghanistan ; and
Have worked directly with U.S. armed forces or under Chief of Missions authority as an interpreter for at least 12 months ; and
Have obtained a favorable , written recommendation from a military or civilian member of the U.S. government .
All this to simply apply for the SIV . To be approved , the interpreter must clear these additional hurdles :
• Receive the written nomination ;
• Prove he or she provided at least 12 to 24 months of honorable and valuable service to the United States war effort ;
• Prove he or she is under immediate duress due to that service ;
• And , lastly , pass the most extreme form of vetting the United States can muster — a comprehensive national security background investigation completed by every single component of the U.S. national security apparatus ( the CIA , FBI , National Security Agency , etc. ) . All agencies conduct separate investigations and do not coordinate cross-agency . The decision from the national security apparatus must be unanimous , meaning that all the agencies involved must approve the application package . If even one agency dissents on a visa approval , that applicant is barred from entry to the United States and placed on the no-fly list — forever .
These men and women have served our country honorably — in some cases , for more than a decade . A decade of combat service to America , fighting alongside Americans , wearing the same uniforms , bleeding their blood for our country . Is that not the most American thing one could do — fight for the ideals they believe in to better one 's country ? These wartime allies are true-blooded Americans , though they were born half a world away .
Would we deny a man who was injured in multiple improvised explosive device ( IED ) attacks , repeatedly led U.S. service members through enemy territory safely and fostered local relations ? Would we deny a man who is credited with saving five American soldiers lives , including mine ? Remember , this man 's name is Janis , and if he were an American-born veteran , we 'd pin medals to his chest and call him a hero .
This ban leaves thousands of our wartime allies to fend for themselves against the very enemies we asked them to fight . Veterans of the Vietnam War speak often of their half-century injury at having abandoned so many of our Vietnamese allies . Friday , the president cast the same injury upon our newest generation of American veterans and we did n't get a say . Many of our wartime allies have already been waiting on their visas for years and some , with approved visa in hand , will simply not be able to make it to safety because of the president 's decision .
We are permanently harming the fabric of U.S. national security . Our credibility is forever tarnished if not eroded . Why would any potential ally trust the United States to keep its word again ? It pains me to think how many U.S. service-members will die in future conflicts because we were unable to recruit the local , on-the-ground support that is often the difference between life and death . These men and women have sacrificed so much for the United States . Friday 's order means the enemy wins , and we have turned our backs on our own ideals .
At last , the promised land ?
Page/Link : Page URL : Page URL : HTML link : < a href= '' https : //www.thefreelibrary.com/At+last % 2c+the+promised+land % 3f-a054635676 < /a > HTML link : Citations : MLA style : `` At last , the promised land ? . '' The Free Library . 1999 Foundation for Cultural Review 26 Feb. 2019 `` At last , the promised land ? . '' . 1999 Foundation for Cultural Review 26 Feb. 2019 https : //www.thefreelibrary.com/At+last % 2c+the+promised+land % 3f-a054635676
Chicago style : The Free Library . S.v . At last , the promised land ? . '' Retrieved Feb 26 2019 from The Free Library . S.v . At last , the promised land ? . '' Retrieved Feb 26 2019 from https : //www.thefreelibrary.com/At+last % 2c+the+promised+land % 3f-a054635676
APA style : At last , the promised land ? . ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) . Retrieved Feb 26 2019 from At last , the promised land ? . ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) . Retrieved Feb 26 2019 from https : //www.thefreelibrary.com/At+last % 2c+the+promised+land % 3f-a054635676
Police in Saskatoon say it is frustrating to see so many drivers flouting the law .
Officers are out this week for the twice-a-year Street Sweep , with a focus on speeding , distracted driving , seat belts and other violations .
We continue to see the same issues - Alyson Edwards , Saskatoon Police spokesperson
The traffic unit was out in three locations across Saskatoon on Monday and will set up in new spots again today .
Police spokesperson Alyson Edwards said they are seeing heavier traffic in the city , but that it does n't seem to convince some drivers to change their bad habits .
`` We continue to see the same issues around speed , around distracted driving , and people just not really regarding the rules of the road , '' Edwards said .
Street Sweep to include vehicle inspections
Police will be out for the fall Street Sweep until Thursday . Near the end of the week , drivers in the city should also expect police to be conducting light vehicle inspections .
Saskatoon police issued 360 tickets to drivers in the spring campaign .
Replay the live chat below , or if you 'd like to weigh in , leave your thoughts in the comment section .
The amazing looking cyberpunk horror game 'Observer ' [ Steam , Official Site ] has sadly seen a delay for Linux , but it may arrive in October .
Thanks to an eagle-eyed reader , the publisher Aspyr Media commented on reddit with this :
observer_ is ABSOLUTELY coming to Linux ! We had a date we needed to hit , and unfortunately couldnt get linux done within that timeframe . We are working hard towards a late Oct date , but definitely this year .
It 's a shame the Linux version did n't make the original cut , but it 's pleasing to know Aspyr Media are still pushing forward with Linux versions of games they publish .
Observer does look incredible and it has been reviewed very well on Steam and plenty of other sites have given it their blessing too .
About the game :
World 's Largest English Language News Service with Over 500 Articles Updated Daily
`` The News You Need Today…For The World You 'll Live In Tomorrow . ''
What You Are n't Being Told About The World You Live In
Picking up the Pieces : Practical Guide for Surviving Economic Crashes , Internal Unrest and Military Suppression By : Sorcha Faal “ In the span of less than 3 months gasoline prices will rise 500 % . The prices of both food and shelter rise over 300 % . ( Continued )
Partisans Handbook : By : Sorcha Faal “ Essential Survival Guide For Resisting Foreign Military Occupation , Escape And Evasion Techniques , Surviving Interrogation , Facing Execution , Wilderness Survival ( Continued )
The Great Refusal : An Historical Guide To Christian Suicide : By : Sorcha Faal is a MUST book for anyone who has contemplated suicide , tried suicide or has had someone they know commit suicide . For as the Sorcha Faal quotes in this psychologically , spiritual , monumental and controversial work : “ The whole secret of existence is to have no fear . Never fear what will become of you . Only the moment you reject all are you freed. ” ( Continued )
December 16 , 2014
Putin Orders Feared “ Samson Defense ” To Collapse US-EU Economies
By : Sorcha Faal , and as reported to her Western Subscribers
A chilling report published today by the Ministry of Economic Development ( MED ) is warning of potentially “ catastrophic unknown consequences ” relating to President Putin 's issuance to the Central Bank of Russia ( CBR ) of orders to initiate what is commonly known within the Kremlin as the “ Samson Defense ” designed to crash the Russian ruble , while at the same time insuring the economic collapse of both the United States and European Union .
The CBR 's “ Samson Defense ” is a Russian monetary strategy designed to economically mirror Israel 's feared “ Samson Option ” deterrence strategy of massive retaliation with nuclear weapons as a “ last resort ” if military attacks threaten its existence .
In Putin 's action against the US-EU , this report says , the CBR 's stunning move earlier today in raising the interest rate to 17 % from 10.5 % has had its desired consequence as the ruble plunged more than 20 % and to date and has now lost about 57 % of its value versus the US dollar since the start of the year , which exceeds the 36 % plunge related to the 2008 global economic crisis .
Most importantly to note about this currency plunge , however , this report notes , are that Russia 's fiscal domestic accounts are denominated in depreciating rubles and its oil exports are invoiced in and appreciating US dollar , meaning that the fiscal blow from lower oil prices will be cushioned by a weak ruble , and was a strategy that Putin warned about earlier when he stated that the Federation was braced for a “ catastrophic ” slump in oil prices .
Equally important to note , MED analysts in this report say , the CBR agreed to lend money this week against 625 billion rubles ( over $ 10 billion ) of bonds freshly printed by oil giant Rosneft allowing it to hoard its export dollars and meet a $ 10 billion loan repayment later this month , and another $ 4 billion in February .
As to how catastrophically low oil prices can fall , this report continues , it notes that OPEC has already stated that they are willing to push prices as low as $ 40 a barrel in their bid to take on Russia and US shale , a stance which began this past September when the Obama regime reached a secret deal with Saudi Arabia in order to flood the world with oil to collapse the Russian economy , but which has now backfired on them as the Saudis seek to bankrupt US shale producers too .
With 15 % of US shale gas producers are already losing money because of the Obama regimes secret deal with Saudi Arabia , this report warns , up to half of all Americas shale operations will face financial ruin if oil prices slip below $ 55 a barrel leaving millions without jobs in an already collapsing economy .
To the ability of the Federation withstanding a “ Samson Defense ” economic war against the US and EU , this report says , it should be noted that the current debt of the US stands at a staggering $ 18 trillion [ an amount so large it is now mathematically impossible to ever pay back ] while the EU is , likewise , at a equally staggering amount of €12 trillion ( $ 15 trillion ) .
Compared to the combined US-EU debt of $ 30 trillion , this report notes , Russia has only $ 678 billion in foreign debt , has very little outstanding debt and its public debt to gross domestic product ratio is 10 % - an excellent figure compared to the EU 's dismal average ratio of 90.9 and the US 's 71.8 % .
Likewise to note , MED analysts in this report say , is that while Russia 's debt to GDP is roughly 14 % , the EU currently stands at 90.9 % , the US at 80.2 % , and Japan 's at 227 % , meaning , simply , that the Federation can withstand any economic hardship the Western alliance puts against it .
Also , and as independent analysts confirm , Moscow ‘ s coffers are well-filled , giving Russia the durability to weather a double external shock - tanking oil prices and Western sanctions .
The Finance Ministry controls two sovereign wealth funds , which contained some $ 172 billion as of December . The money , held in foreign currency , has been accumulated during the past 15 years of high oil and gas revenues and has been earmarked as a piggy bank , primarily for the pension system .
Additionally , the CBR 's overall foreign currency reserves stood at a healthy $ 416.2 billion dollars in early December .
And most critical to note about the “ Samson Defense ” , this report concludes , is that Russia will not cut its oil production against the headwinds of collapsing prices , and may , indeed , increase its amount as the plunging ruble , combined with a rising US dollar , actually makes Federation oil the most affordable in the world .
December 16 , 2014 © EU and US all rights reserved . Permission to use this report in its entirety is granted under the condition it is linked back to its original source at WhatDoesItMean.Com . Freebase content licensed under CC-BY and GFDL .
[ Ed . Note : Western governments and their intelligence services actively campaign against the information found in these reports so as not to alarm their citizens about the many catastrophic Earth changes and events to come , a stance that the Sisters of Sorcha Faal strongly disagrees with in believing that it is every human beings right to know the truth . Due to our missions conflicts with that of those governments , the responses of their ‘ agents ' against us has been a longstanding misinformation/misdirection campaign designed to discredit and which is addressed in the report “ Who Is Sorcha Faal ? ” . ]
World In Shock After America Lies Its Way Into War Again
They Are Going To Come For You…Why Are You Helping Them ?
Return To Main Page
The scale and cost of battery storage for grid power would be huge
My Times column on batteries :
Batteries are no longer boring . Whether catching fire in Samsung Note 7s , being hailed as the answer to future electricity grids thanks to breakthrough chemical innovation , or being manufactured on a gigantic scale in Elon Musk 's gigafactory in Nevada , batteries are box office . And though battery technology is indeed advancing by leaps and bounds , there is a considerable quantity of balderdash being talked about it too .
If only we could store electricity ! Then we could make it in the summer sun and on windy days , for use on cold winter nights . All right , let 's do a simple calculation . Britain uses about a terawatt-hour of electricity during an average winter day . If we wanted to store just two days ' worth of power , after making almost all transport and heating run on electricity — for that 's the plan , remember — then we would need nearly ten times as many car and lorry batteries as there are on the entire planet . ( I borrowed this calculation from a similar one for Germany by the physicist Clive Best . )
Yes , but we would not use car batteries ; we would use bigger units , and more efficient and newer lithium-ion batteries . All right , let 's buy Tesla Powerwalls instead . We would need 160 million of them to cover a day 's consumption , or 3.3 billion to cover a week when we 've electrified heat and transport too . They retail for $ 3,000 , so that 's about £8 trillion . For a system that would only rarely be needed in full . Maybe we could get a discount .
You begin to see why nuclear and gas make sense . But even if you only stored enough juice to turn our existing fleet of wind turbines into reliables — able to provide baseload electricity on demand — the cost would still be huge . The late David MacKay , former chief scientist at the Department of Energy and Climate Change , in his invaluable book Sustainable Energy — Without the Hot Air , reckoned that about a terawatt-hour of storage would be needed to turn 33 gigawatts of wind capacity into a reliable source . That implies that we would need 400 gigawatt-hours of batteries to turn today 's 14GW of wind capacity into 4GW of electricity on demand : which would cost north of £130 billion today .
Yes , but the price is coming down . That 's true . Battery costs have more than halved in about five or six years . One study says : “ Industry-wide cost estimates declined by approximately 14 per cent annually between 2007 and 2014 , from above $ 1,000 per kWh to around $ 410 per kWh. ” However , that 's still an awful lot more expensive than the principal current method of storing energy : in oil tanks , gas tanks , piles of coal and even the fuel tanks of vehicles , plus to a much lesser extent by pumping water uphill in Wales . Such methods of storing energy both cost and waste very little . ( I declare my commercial interest in coal , as usual . )
Perhaps , since we are all going to drive electric cars , we can store electricity in the batteries of our electric cars : plug them in and the grid could draw down the power during times of peak use when the wind does not blow . Well , if all Britain 's cars were electric they would store less than a day 's worth of power — and they would mostly be plugged in at night when demand for electricity is at its lowest . Besides , I do n't imagine people would be too happy to wake up and find their car 's flat because it was not very windy last night during Strictly .
There is a further problem . Any energy technology must generate more energy over its lifetime than was used in its manufacture and operation , by a ratio of at least seven , otherwise it is a waste of money . This is known as energy return on energy invested . The oil coming out of an oil well , or the electricity from a wind turbine must be much more than will be used in drilling the next well or making the next turbine : because it has to provide useful energy to the economy too , and to provide people with the wherewithal to build and repair machines and structures . It 's believed that medieval agrarian economies teetered close to the brink of this energy return threshold , getting not much more energy out of a windmill or food from a cornfield than had gone into it in terms of muscle power .
By this measure , solar power is actually negative and makes no sense at all in cloudy Britain , and nor does growing biofuels , since the tractors and chemicals use up about as much energy as is produced from the crop . According to a German study , wind power is viable by this measure , but not if you factor in the energy needed to store electricity to make it reliable , at which point it fails the test — and that 's assuming pumped water-storage , which is much cheaper than batteries .
You could deduce from all this not that it 's unaffordable but that there 's going to be huge , if not limitless , demand for batteries , especially if they get more efficient . Mr Musk 's investors are betting big on batteries . His Nevada gigafactory , built as a joint venture with Panasonic , is expected to cut the cost of batteries by 30 per cent and will produce 50 gigawatt-hours of batteries a year by 2018 , enough to power Britain for 20 minutes if we electrify heat and transport . Other giga-scale battery factories have already opened in Asia .
There is no doubt that production of batteries has increased dramatically and batteries are going to be playing a big part in our lives , even without trying to store grid electricity . And no , we are not going to run out of lithium .
According to the Los Angeles Times , Mr Musk has had $ 4.9 billion of subsidies for his three main ventures : Tesla Motors , SolarCity ( now bought by Tesla ) and Space Exploration Technologies . He has yet to turn a profit and the losses are growing : some analysts think Tesla is burning through $ 1 billion a quarter . American taxpayers had better hope they have not been investing in a pyramid scheme . Enron , too , used to boast about its green credentials .
Here in Britain , you get a bribe of up to £4,500 from the government if you buy an electric car , so it 's no wonder that motor manufacturers are rushing to open factories . In terms of noise and pollution , electric vehicles clearly make a lot of sense . However , their cost is still huge , and their Achilles heel is the long time it takes to recharge . That 's a problem on the way to being solved , but not without risk : there seems to be evidence that it is rapid charging that increases the risk of internal shorting and this may be one of the problems within the Samsung batteries , leading to melting , oxygen release and explosion .
Following this article , there was an attempt to demolish my article by Chris Goodall . Unfortunately for him it was so deliberately misleading as to be an act of self demolition .
He said I gave $ 410 as the current cost per kWh of batteries . No I did not . I said that was the figure cited for 2014 in a paper . He simply misrepresented me . I said the price has more than halved in five or six years .
He said I was wrong to say that the Musk gigafactory would produce 50 gWh of batteries by 2018 . No I was not . That is the correct figure . True , in a second phase , the factory hopes to expand to produce 150 gWh by 2020 . Mr Goodall thinks that by citing the second figure he discredits the first . Strange . in any case that would mean enough batteries for storing an hour 's worth of UK usage , up from 20 minutes . Big deal .
And he insists that solar power does provide positive EROEI in the UK . He plainly has not read Ferroni and Hopkirk 's paper here . Goodall assumed a 35-year life for solar farms . I will believe that when I see it .
The rest of his piece is similarly misleading , employing the usual trick of the renewable-gullible folk of quoting something else as if it contradicts what I said when it does not .
Dear Reader , As you can imagine , more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before . Nevertheless , traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications , like ours , are being forced to look for new ways to keep going . Unlike many other news organizations , we have not put up a paywall . We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel , the Middle East and the Jewish World .
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan called on Muslims worldwide to “ defend al-Aksa , ” as the government 's decision late Monday night to remove controversial metal detectors at the site did not have an immediate calming effect .
Erdoğan issued a blistering attack on Israel at a meeting in Turkey 's parliament of his AKP Party .
“ Israel has taken a dangerous path . By occupying the al-Aksa Mosque , Israel has exceeded the boundaries , ” the Turkish president said , adding that Ankara recognizes “ Palestine ” with a capital in east Jerusalem and Israel with its capital in Tel Aviv.He said that Palestine 's problems began with the fall of the Ottoman Empire. “ By relying on its backers and the weapons at its disposal , Israel is making a mistake . I call on all Muslims around the world to go on a pilgrimage to al-Aksa , to Palestine – if they are able to – or find a way and help our brothers therein if they 're unable to travel . The more we defend al-Aksa , the fiercer the resistance will be . If Israeli soldiers are dirtying al-Aksa with their boots , the reason is we fail to defend it decently . Let 's defend Palestine just as we defend Mecca and Medina. ” Erdoğan calls on Israel to act in accordance with laws ( credit : REUTERS ) Foreign Ministry spokesman Emmanuel Nahshon responded by saying that the Turkish president 's words were “ delusional ” and “ distorted. ” “ He would do better to deal with the problems and difficulties in his country , ” Nahshon said. “ The days of the Ottoman Empire are over , ” Nahshon continued. “ The capital of the Jewish people was , is and always will be Jerusalem . As opposed to the past , this is a city where the government is committed to its security , liberty , freedom of worship , and respect of the rights of all minorities. ” Those who live in glasshouses , Nahshon said , “ should not throw stones. ” The Prime Minister 's Office said that Erdoğan is “ the last person ” who can preach to Israel . “ It is interesting what Erdoğan will say to the Kurds and residents of northern Cyprus , ” a PMO statement read.Erdoğan 's tirade was interpreted by some as part of an intra-Muslim battle for influence in Jerusalem and on the Temple Mount . His reaction was in stark contrast to signals from Amman that removing the metal detectors would go far toward calming down the atmosphere . Jordan – through the Wakf Islamic religious trust – has administrative jurisdiction at the site .
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $ 5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content . Click here > >
[ Image via Gage Skidmore , Creative Commons licensed ]
Sen. Jim Inhofe ( R-OK ) suggested President Barack Obama might be a terrorist supporter and said he 's considered releasing classified information to hurt the administration .
The ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee appeared Thursday on the Family Research Council 's “ Washington Watch , ” reported Right Wing Watch , where he discussed the worsening situation in Iraq and the exchange of five Guantanamo Bay prisoners for an American soldier held by the Taliban .
Inhofe said Congress could approve funding for surveillance , intelligence , and arms to aid Iraqis against Islamist militants , but the senator said Obama could thwart their plans .
“ There 's no assurance the president could n't just stall it , ” Inhofe said . “ People say do something — well , you know , never in my political career in my memory did it ever occur to me that we would have a president of the United States who would be doing things supporting the enemy . ”
He said public opinion must be shifted to stop the president , because he said Congress lacked the authority .
“ Our system is n't set up for Congress to deal with this kind of situation , ” the Republican senator said .
Inhofe told host Tony Perkins that the Obama administration had made “ stupid ” military decisions , and he 's considered sharing classified materials to prove it .
“ All of these hearings , these classified briefings like the one we had this morning , I almost do n't mind talking about what they said because it 's are all so orchestrated , they always have five or six people from the administration , all of them agreeing with the president , ” Inhofe said .
Specifically , he cited the prisoner exchange for Sgt . Bowe Bergdahl as one of those “ stupid ” decisions .
“ These are things that are costing today American lives , Tony , ” Inhofe said . “ This is not just an insignificant thing . ”
[ Image via Gage Skidmore , Creative Commons licensed ]
ROME ( Reuters ) - Florence Mayor Matteo Renzi won a primary vote to become leader of Italy 's center-left Democratic Party ( PD ) , preliminary results showed on Sunday , giving him influence over the fragile coalition government and the timing of the next elections .
Florence mayor Matteo Renzi gestures during a political meeting in Turin December 6 , 2013 . REUTERS/Giorgio Perottino
As secretary of the PD , the brash 38-year-old will likely have to tone down the rhetoric calling for the ouster of the party 's top brass that has helped make him one of the country 's most popular political figures in the past two years .
As head of the group , his challenge will be to reconcile deep party divisions that undermined what polls suggested would be a certain victory in the February national election , leaving the bloc without control of both houses of parliament .
Data from two-thirds of the 9,000 polling booths showed Renzi took 68 percent of the vote in a three-way race to lead the largest party in parliament and in the ruling coalition .
About two-and-a-half million people cast a primary ballot , Renzi said , which was far more than envisioned and is a clear sign voters want to renew the party founded six years ago by merging elements of the former communist party and left-leaning centrists .
Renzi will not join the government , but is likely to lead the PD into the next election as its candidate for prime minister . Primary rivals Gianni Cuperlo , a former communist , and the web-savvy Pippo Civati acknowledged Renzi 's leadership in their concession speeches .
“ This is the end of group of party leaders , not of the left , ” Renzi told his supporters in a victory speech in Florence , after promising to unify the party . “ Now it 's up to a new generation , my friends . It 's our turn to drive the car . ”
For his charisma and goal to remodel Italy 's left , the Florence mayor is sometimes compared to Britain 's Tony Blair , but his direct speaking style and media savvy also draw comparisons to the 77-year-old center-right leader Silvio Berlusconi .
With the center right in disarray after former prime minister Berlusconi 's tax-fraud conviction and a subsequent party split , Renzi has the opportunity to recast the PD to attract some disillusioned right-wing voters .
Polls have shown Renzi is popular even among center-right voters . Lower taxes - a warhorse for Berlusconi for two decades - are a central part of his programme , as are promises to change the electoral law , overhaul labour rules , and eliminate the privileges of the political class .
“ GOVERNMENT WILL LAST ”
Two weeks ago , Renzi said that if he won the primary he would call on the government to step up its reform efforts or else declare it “ finished ” . But few , even among his loyalists in parliament , say it would be to Renzi 's advantage to seek elections now , as he needs time to unify the party behind him .
For his part , Letta has insisted that the primary will make his government stronger , and Renzi and the premier will meet as early as Monday , government and party sources told Reuters .
“ The government will last until at least 2015 , if not longer , ” one source close to Renzi told Reuters .
“ With the new secretary , Matteo Renzi , we will work together with team spirit that will be productive for the country and the center left , ” Letta said in a statement after Renzi 's victory .
Apart from many still-pending economic reforms , the government faces an unpredictable new challenge following last week 's move by the Constitutional Court to reject parts of the current voting law .
The ruling leaves Italy with a proportional voting structure that would virtually guarantee short-lived coalitions and worsen the stalemate that has afflicted the system in recent years . It will take careful negotiations to build support , also outside the PD , for new election rules .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
Though Renzi appears to have won a decisive victory with the general public , inside the party he will still need to build support among those suspicious of his unabashed ambition , his centrist past and his forceful and - for the left - unorthodox media presence .
Earlier this year , Renzi went on a TV talent show popular with teenagers and broadcast by Berlusconi 's network . Dressed in a black leather jacket , at one point he gave a thumbs-up that earned him the nickname “ Fonzie ” , a reference to the laid-back hero of the U.S. sitcom “ Happy Days ” .
Renzi embraced it , posing in a leather jacket for a magazine and explaining : “ I want everyone to hear my message ” .
Mitford 's findings prompted an examination of the industry . But black funeral directors reacted somewhat dismissively to the book , according to Smith . She paraphrases their thinking like this : “ Nobody is going to tell us we ca n't have an elaborate funeral . We are the ones came when the lynching happened and we picked up the bodies off the ground . We have an elaborate funeral because that 's our tradition and that 's our way of honoring people . ”
* * *
Today , the overall industry is thriving—it takes in about $ 16 billion per year , according to the latest data from the National Funeral Directors Association ( which is different from , and much larger than , the NFDMA ) . But the model has changed : Chains and corporations have swallowed up much of the business . Since the 1990s , the largest chain—Service Corporation International , along with its Dignity Memorial products—has bought up competitors and small businesses to amass more than 1,500 funeral homes and more than 20,000 employees across North America , with $ 3 billion in revenues . The Houston-based SCI is often dubbed the Walmart of death-care , but it rarely passes along its cost-savings to consumers , instead charging more than many small companies , according to reporting from Bloomberg Businessweek . American funerals run an average of $ 7,000 , but top-of-the-line caskets can cost more than $ 10,000 .
Many African American homegoings , though , are still handled by small , family-owned businesses , and these continue to be elaborate , sometimes expensive affairs . Although African Americans are typically much more averse to cremation than other Americans , a growing number of people are choosing this option , which avoids the cost of a casket , burial plot , and embalming . Cost-effective cremations cut into the profits for funeral homes—one of many challenges family-owned firms are facing .
Large chains can more easily absorb profit losses because of their size—and because they have capitalized on the cremation industry . SCI , for instance , bought up the largest cremation organization and dozens of crematories . The dominance of chains portends the struggles of many small businesses , which contracted during the recession in 2008 . Those issues are compounded for black-owned companies , which are less likely to get loans and comprise only about 7 percent of U.S. small businesses . Black owners often start out with less capital , as the wealth gap between black Americans and white Americans continues to widen . Without money for upkeep , the owners of small funeral homes are finding themselves losing customers to nicer , newer facilities , which are increasingly run by chains .
Richard Ables 's storefront in D.C. is facing these economic issues : Hall Brothers Funeral Home is in a neighborhood whose demographics have shifted . It 's now across from a renovated theater and a row of new restaurants . Ables 's closest competitor , Frazier 's Funeral Home , was shut down in 2008 and its building was converted to luxury apartments . Much of his black clientele has decamped to Maryland or other more affordable places , and his area is now full of new , white residents . In his experience , few whites cross the so-called color line to ask for his services . “ Maybe it 's time to move from here to somewhere else , ” he says , adding that he will soon need a less expensive location .
If your goal is to check if an expression is valid ( it also means its substring that contains only brackets forms a correct bracket sequence ) , then regexps wo n't help you .
Regular expressions can only handle so-called `` regular languages '' ( though JS regexps maybe somewhat more powerful than their theoretic counterparts , the price of such power is greater complexity ) while language of correct bracket sequences is n't regular .
See those slides — they can give you a glimpse into why regular expressions can not recognize correct bracket sequence .
Nevertheless , the problem is n't so hard . You should just maintain a stack and go over your string from the left to the right . Every time you meet an opening bracket , you push it to the stack . When you meet a closing bracket , you pop top element of the stack and check if its type matches your one ( yes , this algorithm can handle brackets of multiple types ) . At the end you should just check if the stack is empty .
A computer hacker known as the “ Jester ” who calls himself a “ hacktivist for good ” is taking credit for temporarily taking down the WikiLeaks website .
WikiLeaks.org came under a distributed-denial-of-service ( DDoS ) attack on Sunday shortly before it began releasing the first batch of some 250,000 US diplomatic cables .
The “ Jester , ” a hacker who has targeted extremist websites in the past , claimed responsibility for the cyberattack on WikiLeaks in a message on his Twitter feed , @ th3j35t3r .
“ www.wikileaks.org – TANGO DOWN – for attempting to endanger the lives of our troops , ‘ other assets ' & foreign relations # wikileaks # fail , ” the message from “ Jester ” said .
Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer at computer security firm F-Secure , told AFP he believed the hacker could carry out the attack on WikiLeaks .
“ He 's demonstrated previously that he is capable of launching effective denial-of-service attacks , and he 's claimed the responsibility for this one as well , ” Hypponen said by email . “ He has the capability and the motive . ”
Classic DDoS attacks occur when legions of “ zombie ” computers , normally machines infected with viruses , are commanded to simultaneously visit a website .
Such a massive onslaught of demand can overwhelm servers , slowing service or knocking it offline completely .
WikiLeaks eventually went ahead and began publishing the US diplomatic memos at another address , cablegate.wikileaks.org .
On his website , //th3j35t3r.wordpress.com/ , the “ Jester ” provides the following description of himself : “ Hacktivist for good . Obstructing the lines of communication for terrorists , sympathizers , fixers , facilitators , oppressive regimes and other general bad guys . ”
Dig out an old cell phone , hit the dollar store for some plastic recorders , and build this sound controlled snake game for your next party . The project will be a snap for those comfortable working with microcontrollers , and a great learning experience if you 're looking to try your first Arduino project .
[ László ] and his friend call the project the Snake Charmer . As shown in the clip after the jump it uses music notes to direct the path of the solid line in the classic cellphone game of snake . But this is n't just some PC-based rip-off . They 're playing on the actual cellphone . A camera points at the screen to project it for the enjoyment of spectators . The control scheme uses relays soldered to the pads of the four directional buttons . The pitches are being detected by a Max/MSP program , with the corresponding commands pushed to the Arduino via USB . Yep , it 's overkill but the point was to get this up and running quickly and with a minimum of work . We 'd say they succeeded .
Actually , now that we think of it , this is n't a two player game . Perhaps the recorder control concept needs to be applied to a more modern version of the game .
[ vimeo http : //vimeo.com/39492730 w=470 ]
If life ran like a storybook , the person we fall in love would not be the person who broke us . Sadly , we humans tend to be a bit more human than that . We fall in love , we commit , we get hurt – over and over – and we stay . People need people , but sometimes the cost is a heavy one . When it 's a toxic relationship , the breakage can be far-reaching .
Love is addictive . So is the hope of love . All relationships can be likened to an addiction , but sometimes the power of this can be self-destructive . When relationships become loveless , hostile , stingy or dangerous , you would think they would be easy to leave , but they can be the hardest ones to walk away from .
A bad relationship is n't about being on the downward slide of the usual relationship ups and downs . It is one that consistently steals your joy and follows you around with that undeniable clamour that this is n't how it 's meant to be .
Sometimes the signs are clear – emotional and physical abuse , constant criticism , lying , cheating , emotional starvation . Sometimes there is nothing outstandingly obvious – it just does n't feel right . Perhaps it did once but that ended long ago . The signs might lie in the loneliness , a gentle but constant heartache , a lack of security , connection or intimacy or the distance between you both .
Whatever it involves , there are important needs that stay hungry , for one of both people in the relationship . The relationship exists but that 's all it does , and sometimes barely even that . It does n't thrive and it does n't nurture . It is maintained , not through love and connection , but through habit .
Sometimes there are circumstances that make leaving difficult . Sometimes though , there 's nothing in your way except you . Some of the signs that you might be addicted to the relationship are :
Leaving any relationship is difficult . Leaving a bad one is n't necessarily any easier . The shift from powerless to empowered is a gentle one , but lies in the way you experience the relationship . It often takes as much resourcefulness , energy and strength to stay in a bad relationship as it does to leave . With a shift in mindset , experience and expectation , the resources you use to stay and to blind out the seething hopelessness of it all can be used to propel you forward .
Be present . The pull to live in the past ( the way it was/ the way I was ) or in the future ( it will get better – I just need to find the switch ) can be spectacular , but the energy to move forward exists fully in the present . It 's always there , but you have to be in the present to access it . To do this , fully experience the relationship as it is , without needing to change it or control it . This might be scary , particularly if the environment you are in is hostile or lonely , but the only way to be okay with leaving what you have , is to fully experience how broken it is . No relationship is perfect . All couples fight and hurt each other and say and do things they should n't . That 's a normal part of living and loving together . The problem comes with having to repeatedly live in the past or the future to tolerate the present – the abuse , the harm , the insecurity , the jealousy , the loneliness and the grief of the relationship as it stands – just so that it 's easier to stay .
Keep track . Keep a record of how you feel in the relationship , the good and bad . If writing is n't your thing , take a photo of your face at the same time every day . You 'll see it in your eyes . Photos and journalling will capture the intimate , day to day detail of you in this relationship . Set a time period – weeks or months – and at the end take a look over your photos or your writing . Can you see patterns ? What do you notice about the things that hurt you and the things that feel good ? The frequency ? The intensity ? What do you see in the photos ? Can you see the life in you ? Or has it been drained away . Is this the person you want to be ? Or is it a faded , sadder version ? This can help to see your experience in the relationship for what it is – stripped of the filters and the softening that comes with time .
Be aware of what 's happening in your body . It 's trying to tell you something . The connection between the mind and the body is a powerful one . If you shut down the messages that are coming from your mind , your body will take over . There will be signs in the way you hold yourself , the sensations in your body ( heaviness , heartache , tension ) and the way it works . Has your body slowed down ? Is there physical pain ? Does it ache ? Does it feel heavy ? Restless ? Tired ? Drained ? Do you feel your body withering , scrunched or as though it 's holding back ? If your body could speak , what would it want you to know ? Try this exercise : Finish this sentence : ‘ My body is … ' ( tired/crumpled/hurting – whatever fits for you ) ' . Now , keep your ending but replace the words , ‘ My body is ' with ‘ I am ' or ‘ My life is ' . Notice what happens when you do that .
How do you avoid the truth ? Notice what you do to shift away from your reality . Are there unhealthy behaviours you do to stop from feeling bad ? Or maybe there are healthy beahviours that you do in unhealthy ways ? Try staying with the discomfort rather than avoiding it . Contained in the pain is the wisdom , courage and strength you need to find the happier version of yourself and your life .
Give it a deadline . It 's easy to forget how long you 've been living with what you do n't want , hoping that one day it will be better . Pick your ‘ one day ' . Let it be six weeks , six months – whatever feels right for you . In that time , give the relationship everything you 've got . When that ‘ one day ' comes , be honest and act from a place of strength , self-respect and self-love . The answer will be in front of you .
Become selfish . The way we think about selfishness is broken . Selfishness is about recognising what you need and doing what you can to meet those needs . Sometimes there will be fallout , but there will also be fallout by ignoring what you need and letting the noise shout you down . You matter . What you need matters . It always has . Sometimes that will mean putting yourself first on your list . This is even more important if it is the only list that has you anywhere near the top .
Be honest about your part . Is there anything you can do to put the relationship back on track ? It takes guts to open up to what you might need to do differently , but it 's important . If you 're not sure , ask your partner . Of course , just because your partner names things he or she would like you to do differently , it for you to decide whether this is a direction you want to move in . If the response is ‘ Yeah actually . You can stop asking me where I go at night . K ? ' then you can either respond with , ‘ Sure baby – it 's totally fine with me if you leave the house smelling like man musk and secrets . Just come home when you feel like it hey . Do you want me to keep dinner for you ? ' Or , you can Google , ‘ Somewhere I can live without idiots . '
What 's your role in the relationship ? It 's likely that there will be a rhythm in the relationship that keeps it breathing the way it does . You and your partner will each have a role that keeps each other 's behaviour possible . This in no way means either of you are to blame or that either of you deserve to be treated the way you are . What it means is that over time you would have fallen into a way of being together that makes the dysfunction easier and more tolerable – a healthy adjustment to an unhealthy situation . It 's common in relationships for one person to be the ‘ reacher ' and one to be the ‘ retreater ' . In healthy relationships , this is balanced or the roles shift around . There 's an easy flexibility . In unhealthy relationships , these roles become polarised . The more someone retreats , the more the other reaches , and this is where the roles become fixed . Explore your roles . Which one of you is ‘ the commitment phobe ' , ‘ the non-communicator , ' ‘ the abuser , ' ‘ the critic ' , ‘ the disinterested one ' ? And who is ‘ the ‘ enabler ' , ‘ the victim , ' ‘ the helpless one , ' ‘ the reacher ' , ‘ the rescuer ' , ‘ the justifier ' , ‘ the fantasiser ' . Try shifting out of your role . This will shift the dynamic and either force change or make the dysfunction all the more glaring – and easier to walk away from .
Let go of the fantasy . The fantasy of what could be will keep you stuck . Every time . It could be better – so much better – but just not with this person . How do you know ? Because you 've been trying . And you 're tired . And there 's nothing more to give . The fantasy stands between you and reality and throws flowers at your feet so you never look up and see things as they are . The more you fantasise about what could be , the more the reality is embellished and changed into something reasonable . The fantasy will persuade you to hold on for a little longer , and always at the cost of moving forward . Lose the fantasy that things will be different . They wo n't be . If you could have lived the fantasy with this relationship , you would have done that by now . Let your fantasy instead be one of all the losers who have ever crossed your path sprawled on the couch , wearing saggy Star Wars underwear as they gaze at your photo , listen to Adele and regret like mad ever losing you , while you eat tacos , listen to Beyonce and not miss them at all . There you go .
Accept what is . It 's paradoxical , but the more you can accept where you are , the greater the capacity for change . This will let your decisions be driven by information that 's real and accurate , not a glossed up fairy tale image of what could be . Accept your reality as it is – your relationship , your partner and what it means to you . When you accept the truth , you live the truth . This will expand your courage , strength and capacity to decide whether this relationship is the best option for you – or not . You will have a clarity that will propel you forward , whatever that might mean for you .
Fight for you . You have to fight for the things you love and the things you believe in , but one of those things has to be you . What would you say to someone you love who was feeling the pain or the deadness that you are feeling ? Inside you is more courage and strength than you will ever need . You are a queen , a king , a fighter , a warrior , you are powerful and beautiful and everything good in the world – and you deserve to be happy . But first , you might have to fight for it . Fight for you the way you would fight for anyone you love – fiercely , boldly , bravely .
Stop making excuses . Be honest.What do you want from this relationship ? Have you ever had it ? How different is what you want from what you have ? And how long has it been this way ? If you are loved , it feels like love . Even in the midst of a storm , a loving relationship still feels loving . Despite the stress , the exhaustion , the things you do or say – a loving relationship has an undercurrent of safety , security and respect , even when times are tough . If it does n't feel good for you , it 's not .
Replace ‘ ca n't leave ' with ‘ wo n't leave ' . Claim back your power by replacing ‘ ca n't leave ‘ with ‘ wo n't leave ‘ . Sometimes circumstances mean that it 's difficult to leave . Whatever you choose to do , do it from a place of strength , not from a place of helplessness . If you stay , let it be because you have made the decision that this is the best option for you at this moment in time , not because somebody has claimed ownership of your life . Keep your power and your independence of mind , whatever is going on around you . There 's only one of you and you 're too important to let yourself fade into circumstance or the manipulation .
Oh my god I 'm watching 6x14 right now but this is too adorable to stay hidden in my silly rewatch notes
so there 's 0.001 seconds of a flash of Dean 's phone background after he rejects a call from Lisa and being curious I slowed my video player down so I could pause on it
Confirmed : Dean sits around in motel rooms taking photos of his own feet
( or , well , most likely Jensen does but somehow this made its way into the show so NOW it 's in character that Dean does this : P )
this is the motel from 6x09 , I know because I expressly took a screenshot to laugh at those chairs and how they appeared to be outdoors in the forest in that camera angle
I 'm guessing Dean also liked the outdoors ambiance , and at some point or another was bored in the room and took a random snap of the wall and his feet
I do have another headcanon that he finds the motel rooms as ridiculous as we do despite growing up with them , and documents the weirder ones so this is one step closer to my dream that he has a scrap book
Many articles have recently appeared in magazines , web sites , and social media criticizing free markets and libertarian ideas . It seems to me that this opposition is a result of a growing interest in freedom as people realize that the economies of the world are in serious trouble . As people see continuing high unemployment , slow growth , ever greater government debt , environmental disaster , more turbulent weather , and endless wars , some folks seek solutions in greater freedom while others seek solutions in greater state control . The critics of libertarianism and economic freedom have fallen for several fallacies .
1 . Critics confuse today 's mixed economies , a mixture of markets and government intervention , with a “ free market. ” A truly free market is an economy in which all activity is voluntary for all persons . Government intervention changes what people would otherwise voluntarily do . A pure market would not impose the taxation of labor and capital . It would not prohibit trade with Cuba . Free markets would not subsidize industry . Any peaceful and honest action would be free of restrictions and taxes . That is not the economy we have today in any country .
2 . Critics use the term “ capitalism ” to falsely blame markets for economic trouble . Those opposed to private enterprise call today 's economies “ capitalist. ” They then note that the economy has trouble such as poverty , great inequality , unemployment , and recessions . The critics conclude that “ capitalism ” causes these problems . This illogic uses a sly change in meaning . They use the term “ capitalism ” as a label for the current economies and also to refer to free markets . It makes no sense to label the economy as XYZ and then say XYZ causes problems . The critics use the double meaning of “ capitalism ” to blame the non-existing free market for social problems . This confusion is often deliberate , as I have found that it is almost impossible to get the critics to replace their confusing use of the term “ capitalism ” with clearer terms such as either the “ mixed economy ” or the “ pure market . ”
3 . Critics think that the “ market ” means “ anything goes. ” For example , they think that a free market allows unlimited pollution . They often call this , “ unbridled capitalism. ” But freedom stops at the limit of harm . In a pure market with property rights for all resources , pollution that crosses outside one 's own property is trespass and invasion . This violation of others ' property rights would require compensation , and that payment would limit pollution .
4 . Critics confuse privatization with contracting out . They then blame private enterprise for problems such as occurs with private prisons . When government contracts with private firms to produce roads , it is still a governmental road . When governments hire private contractors to provide services in a war , it is still government 's war . Government sets the rules when firms do work under contract . Genuine privatization means transferring the whole ownership , financing , and operation to a private firm .
5 . Critics overlook subsidies . Government distorts the economy with subsidies to agriculture , energy production , and other corporate welfare . The biggest subsidy is implicit : the greater land rent and land value generated by the public goods provided by government and financed mostly from taxes on labor and enterprise . Critics not only ignore this implicit subsidy but also overlook the explicit subsidies to agriculture and programs such as the promotion of ethanol from corn .
6 . Critics do not understand the crowding out of private services because of government programs . The critics of libertarianism say that with less government , old folks and poor folks would starve and die because they would not receive social security and medical care . What they overlook is that the reason many of the elderly have little savings for retirement is that government took away half their income while they were working . Income taxes reduce their net wages , while sales taxes raise the cost of living . Low-income people pay little or no income tax , but they pay hefty sales and excise taxes , and they indirectly pay property taxes from their rental payments to landlords . Libertarians want to abolish poverty and have a society where all people have good medical care . They just want to accomplish this by letting workers keep their full pay , which would enable them to pay for their own medical services . Also , with no taxes on interest and dividend income , people would be better able to provide for their own retirement income , indeed to have much more than social security now provides .
7 . Critics fail to understand contractual governance . A pure market would not consist of isolated individuals . Human beings have always lived in community associations . In a free market , communities such as condominiums , land trusts , and civic associations would provide the public goods that the members want .
8 . The critics of market believe that corporations control the economy , exploit labor , and plunder the planet . Corporations do have power , but mainly because they obtain subsidies and monopoly privileges from governments . But labor unions and lawyers also lobby the government for power and favors . Rather than blaming private enterprise , the critics should examine how the structure of government enables special interest to obtain power and wealth .
Leo Tolstoy wrote in 1905 that nobody really argues with the economics and philosophy of Henry George and public revenue from land rent ; the critics either misunderstand the concepts , or they create misinformation . The same applies to critics of libertarianism . The fact that the critics falsify the free market in criticizing it implies that the actual concept is sound , otherwise they would provide valid arguments .
Nobody has refuted the free market and the libertarian ethic of “ live and let live ” . The critics of liberty either misunderstand it or else falsify it . Even when their errors in logic , their false evidence , and their confused terminology are pointed out , the critics persist in their falsification . They are stubbornly anchored to their viewpoints . Why this is so is a problem I will leave to psychologists to figure out .
Share . Stuck in the middle . Stuck in the middle .
Psyonix has `` figured out '' the technology required to make Rocket League the first game to allow cross-network play between Xbox Live and PlayStation Network , and all it needs now is to `` find out where we stand politically with everyone '' .
In an interview with Gamespot , Psyonix vice president , Jeremy Dunham said :
`` Technologically everything works , we 've got it figured out , just a little bit of time to get everything up and running . Right now , excitement is the best way to put it . We just want to get in there and make it happen . ''
He added : `` The only thing we have to do now is sort of find out where we stand politically with everyone , and then it 's full steam ahead to finish the solution that we 've already started . ''
Exit Theatre Mode
Microsoft has extended an open invitation to `` other networks '' ( Sony ) , while Sony is `` happy to have the conversation '' about allowing the service ( with Microsoft ) . It seems like something of a stand-off at this point , with Psyonix looking like a mediator for the two .
Dunham is keen to emphasise the benefit of cross-network play to developers , citing how it makes adding new features and tweaks an simpler process :
`` More players , for everyone , means more games , and more games means more participation and community feedback , which we can then put into the game as a whole and not have to worry about siloing off certain features of certain platforms because this version does n't have it , or whatever the situation may be . ''
Joe Skrebels is IGN 's UK News Editor and he 's been screaming `` what about Wii U ? '' into the cold , uncaring London skies all morning . Shriek along on Twitter .
Dropbox is notifying customers that it is changing its terms of service for dealing with legal claims brought against its cloud storage and file-sharing service .
The new terms appear designed to prevent users from filing class-action lawsuits and instead require binding arbitration through the American Arbitration Association ( AAA ) .
Under a section of its service terms entitled `` Resolving Disputes , '' the cloud service states : `` We Both Agree To Arbitrate . You and Dropbox agree to resolve any claims relating to these Terms or the Services through final and binding arbitration , except as set forth under Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate below . ''
The clause further states : `` No Class Actions . You may only resolve disputes with us on an individual basis , and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class , consolidated , or representative action . Class arbitrations , class actions , private attorney general actions , and consolidation with other arbitrations are n't allowed . ''
The new terms also state that in a case where an agreement to arbitrate is determined not to apply to an individual claim , both the plaintiff and Dropbox will bring the dispute before a federal or state court of San Francisco County .
Dropbox is offering customers the ability to opt out of the arbitration clause through a form that must be submitted within 30 days of first accepting the new terms .
In a blog about the new terms of service , Dropbox said arbitration is `` a faster and more efficient way '' to resolve legal disputes and maintained that it is looking to simplify much of the language so its terms of service are `` readable '' and `` avoid unnecessary legalese . ''
For example , Dropbox explained in its blog , in order to provide customers with document previews , it 's automated system needs permission to access and scan user content first . `` So we explain this in the new Terms , '' Dropbox wrote .
`` Our commitment to keeping your stuff safe and secure has n't changed . We do n't sell your personal information to third parties . We do n't serve ads based on the stuff you store in our services . And , as always , your stuff is yours , '' the blog states .
A Dropbox spokesperson responding to a Computerworld request for comment said in an email that arbitration is a faster and more efficient way to resolve legal disputes .
She added that Dropbox will pay all arbitration fees for claims less than $ 75,000 .
`` Well also pay an additional $ 1,000 on top of any arbitration award thats more favorable than an offer Dropbox makes to resolve a claim . Users and Dropbox will still be able to resolve eligible disputes in small claims court . After the Terms of Service become effective , the opt-out will continue to be available for new users for 30 days within their sign-up to the services . Finally , opting out of arbitration does not terminate or result in changes to the services , '' she said .
Lucas Mearian covers consumer data storage , consumerization of IT , mobile device management , renewable energy , telematics/car tech and entertainment tech for Computerworld . Follow Lucas on Twitter at @ lucasmearian or subscribe to Lucas 's RSS feed . His e-mail address is lmearian @ computerworld.com .
See more by Lucas Mearian on Computerworld.com .
All four Beatles . Elvis Presley . Jimi Hendrix . Jimmy Page . Eric Clapton . B.B . King . Stevie Ray Vaughan . The Bee Gees . Eddie Van Halen . Robert Johnson . Slash . Angus Young of AC/DC . Tony Iommi of Black Sabbath . Tom Morello of Rage Against the Machine . Adam Jones of Tool . James Hetfield of Metallica . Danny Elfman . Stevie Wonder . Dave Brubeck . Andrea Bocelli . Wes Montgomery . Jimmy Smith . Charles Mingus . Erroll Garner . Irving Berlin . Chet Baker . Pete Townsend . Tori Amos . Jerry Garcia . Bob Dylan . Kurt Cobain . Taylor Swift . Bob Marley .
Aside from being famous and legendary musicians , what do these people have in common ? They did not read sheet music ( notation ) , nor did they need to in order to create and perform some of the most indelible music of their time . While notation has its place , it is not in any way necessary in order to fulfill your highest dreams , goals and aspirations as a musician . In some circles , that equates to heresy but the truth is that in the 21st century , reading notation has never been less essential to making music . Sure , before the advent of electricity , sheet music had a lock on the music market . Even in the early 20th century , a popular song would sell a million copies of sheet music to eager readers everywhere .
But things changed . With jazz and blues came new styles but most importantly , freedom from the script . With rock and roll came three chords and the truth , hallelujah ! Anyone in their garage could bang out a few power chords and claim punk status . And now with modern digital instruments , people do n't even have to understand a thing about music theory or play a traditional instrument in order to create beats and songs . It 's uncharted territory and a lot of new music is erupting from this new paradigm ; some good , some not . But who 's to say that this music is not valid , especially in the eyes of its creators ? If it has a chord structure and a melody , it 's a song , even if you made it out of loops on a computer and regardless of whether you have any real understanding of music or can decipher notation . And whether it hits on the charts or at the very least fulfills your own desire to create music , is n't that all the validity needed nowadays ?
`` Never hate a song that 's sold a half million copies . '' - Irving Berlin
But a notation-free paradigm has so far proved unattractive to traditional music education , which relies on notation for its claim of musical legitimacy ( and relies on Federal accreditation dollars tied to notation-based teaching standards ) . That list of musicians at the top shows in very certain terms that notation is not an actual gateway to musical knowledge , learning , performance or writing . In fact , it acts as a firewall to the majority of beginning students who attempt to navigate it . I would imagine someone like Bob Marley would n't have made the cut at Berklee or Julliard but that has literally no bearing on his musical contributions , abilities or worth . So why do we still insist that our schools and teachers must use notation to teach ? And why are n't we more receptive to notation-free teachings and teachers ? And more importantly , musicians ?
`` I do n't know anything about music . In my line you do n't have to . '' - Elvis Presley
As the author of a notation-free approach to understanding music , I can tell you that most of the music publishing companies that I initially approached with my manuscript were dismissive or slightly hostile to the idea that my book used no notation , as if people could n't understand words , numbers and concepts without it . It took years before I reached some forward thinking people at Alfred Publishing who understood what I was really trying to do : not just enable people to learn to imitate other peoples music but to acquire the language skills to begin making their own music . To create actual musicians with their own voices , not just regurgitators . New creators , new voices , new visionaries to freely open their gifts to the world while having the ear to interpret all other music as well . More musicians= more music ; more music= a better world . A world full of dreamers who can actually fulfill their musical dreams because they speak- and hear- the language of music .
Music expresses that which can not be said and on which it is impossible to be silent . - Victor Hugo
A bit of history : since before Bartolomeo Cristofori invented the piano in the late 17th century , notation was how music was recorded . As a recording , it is meant to be reproduced to exact specifications of tempo and dynamic , therefore turning the pianist into a human phonograph needle of sorts . To deviate from the notation was seen as blasphemy , highly criticized even when done brilliantly , such as when Glenn Gould released the Bach Variations in 1955 . Over 50 years later , there 's still some uptight critic calling him a `` willfully idiotic genius '' for such daring behavior . Such tiresome nitpicking ! But it only matters because he dared to deviate from the script . And the script no longer exclusively serves every situation , outside of an orchestra .
As a musician , your ability in most live situations to quickly transpose a piece or adapt to sudden deviations is way more valuable than being locked to an inflexible script , as is your ability to stretch out and at times improvise . And this is one of the main shortcomings of notation : it does n't give you any real understanding of the language itself . It 's phonetic and inflexible . And so those who read notation well do not usually learn to use music as a free language or `` speak '' music with others . Imagine if every time you wanted to have a conversation , you had to pull a script out of your pocket and read it verbatim ? It 's one thing if you want to read someone 's speech and perform it once in a while . But what about your own thoughts and conversations , your own expression and catharsis ? How can you better attend to and voice the music that lays waiting inside you ?
`` As long as the two of us know what we 're doing- i.e . John and I- we know what chords we 're playing and we remember the melody , we do n't actually ever have the need to write it down . Or to read it . '' - Paul McCartney TV interview
Yes , you can write music via notation if you so desire , though I would again reference the list of musicians at the top and consider this : not only did all those artists not need notation to write music , but the act of writing without notation directly facilitated their ability to create the music they did . For just about all non-classical/theater music , the use of notation is almost non-existent . I myself have played as a sideman on many major tours with artists like Lisa Marie Presley , Everclear , Nick Lachey , Seven Mary Three and more and never once have I been given sheet music . In fact , it 's the exact opposite : here 's the CD , see you on Thursday .
At that point , how your ear interprets the structure of music is everything and your sight-reading skills are useless . If you learned how music is formulaically and numerically structured and you learned how to apply that to your listening skills , you 'd be able to take on any situation , charts or not . Adding notation reading to your skill set will matter more after you 've gained the context on which to build that knowledge . But necessary it is not , especially if you have a grasp of chords and melody .
`` It 's all down to a chord sequence . I could be fiddling on the piano and just looking at the lyrics and I 'll play two chords together and I 'll think `` Oh , that sounds really good . '' You stumble on things by accident . Certainly , chords are very important and melody is very important . I could write a melody to more or less anything . '' - Elton John TV interview
So how does traditional music education change course and open itself to a more holistic understanding of music and an path of equality for notation-free learning ? How does this behemoth of traditionalism embrace the timeless mathematical simplicity at the heart of music and allow all who are interested the path to pursue their musical dream with legitimacy and respect ? Is Education , Inc. interested in fostering free-thinking minds and nurturing those with innate , raw ability who have no use or need for ( or interest in ) notation ? So far , the answer is mostly no .
`` I would not have majored in music because when music becomes technical for me I do n't like that part of it . I ca n't read music . '' - Taylor Swift
What a shame that high-caliber musicians could get turned away from music schools simply because they have no desire to read notation . Most schools do n't currently have a notation-free track to put them on anyway . Luckily for all musicians , music is freely available to understand , practice and study outside of schools and most professional bands generally do n't require degrees for you to audition for them . If that group of legends I listed at the top can achieve their dreams and goals without notation , then so can anyone , including you . You would most certainly be in exceptional company !
`` Music gives a soul to the universe , wings to the mind , flight to the imagination and life to everything . '' - Plato
The DS brand will drop the Citroën badge in Europe next year and aims to be challenging Audi by 2020 , according to PSA chairman Carlos Tavares .
Speaking to Autocar Tavares said : `` From 2015 DS will be disconnected from Citroën . We do n't need to have separate platforms , or even separate dealers , but we will have separate manufacturing and engineering standards '' .
The aim is to match the appeal and exclusivity of Audi by the next decade . `` DS can be an Audi rival by 2020 . The products in the pipeline are extremely exciting but we are not just going into premium as we 're not going to be fighting the Germans with the same weapons .
`` We want to convey a French sophistication , trendiness and the French way of life . The Germans ca n't do this and we 'll see some concept cars that will back this up . ''
DS brand boss Yves Bonnefort has already admitted that the company will expand from three to six models in the coming few years , including a luxury saloon for China , the DS9 , an SUV and , possibly a Fiat 500 rival for Europe .
At next month 's Paris motor show it will unveil the Devine DS show car , previewing a new look . Tavares , however , is keen to stress that the brand wo n't be looking for Audi-style sales volumes .
`` We have to be patient about sales and I do n't want to measure success in this way . We 'll measure it in per-unit profit and making huge margins . This is a long run 20 to 30 year story , '' he said .
Get the latest car news , reviews and galleries from Autocar direct to your inbox every week . Enter your email address below :
Green party exposed a guest Mar 1st , 2015 162 Never a guest162Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 3.71 KB Incompetence on Economics : the numbers behind the Green Party 's proposed wealth tax policy are not sound . Fallacies behind them include ( i ) taking declining % increase in growth of household wealth , cherry-picking a small sample of years and then taking an average of those numbers as opposed to the correct way to go about it , which is extrapolating it , ( ii ) then overestimating the amount of wealth the top 1-2 % have by double , and ( iii ) ignoring the fact that there are stricter wealth taxes in countries like France that do n't rake in as much money as the greens claim their proposed tax will collect . This is particularly concerning as it is one of the key sources of money that the Green party 's proposed plans for UBI ( Universal Basic Income ) is dependent on - it claims that this wealth tax policy would raise £21bn to £43bn per year , however , as Andrew Neil pointed out on BBC 's Sunday Politics , France 's wealth tax kicks in at £800,000 , which is much lower than the Green party 's ( which starts at £3,000,000 ) , collects only £293,000,000 , which is nowhere near the Greens ' lower bound estimate of £21,000,000,000 . Why the Green party 's wealth tax policy wo n't work ( NewStatesman ) http : //www.newstatesman.com/politics/2015/01/why-green-partys-wealth-tax-policy-wont-work BBCSP : Green 's Natalie Bennett car crash interview on policies ( 25Jan15 ) https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=5dFn8RIXOBE Incompetence on delivering Green policies : Brighton and hove 's council , the only one in the country controlled by the Green Party , currently ranks 302nd out of 326 councils on its recycling record , with only 25.8 % of waste recycled , despite its promise for 70 % of waste to be recycled by 2015 and its threat of a £50,000 fine for putting plastic in the paper-only recycling bin . Brighton has become an object lesson in why it is a disaster to vote Green ( Spectator ) http : //www.spectator.co.uk/features/9342592/brighton-has-become-an-object-lesson-in-why-it-is-a-disaster-to-vote-green/ Brighton and Hove 's recycle rate one of worst in country ( The Argus ) http : //www.theargus.co.uk/news/11629468.Brighton_and_Hove_s_recycling_rate_one_of_worst_in_country/ ? ref=mr Laziness : The Green Party is lazier than any other major party , with an attendance in local council of 79.6 % , losing to LibLabCon , and UKIP , who perform best with an attendance of 92.4 % . Ukip councillors lead the way in meetings ( The Times ) http : //www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/politics/article3967236.ece Misandry : Green Party policy is to only imprison women who are `` a serious threat to the public '' , despite not answering ( i ) no answer given by the green party as to why people with experiences of rape/DV/mental illness should not serve custody ( ii ) + no answer given by the green party as to why , presuming data from studies they cite from are reliable , that you ca n't just exclude those exact people with experiences instead of just women as a whole . The Green party also supports Gender quotas despite the fact that research has repeatedly shown that they cause corporate performance to decline by hiring less qualified women instead of more qualified men . the Green Party - Crime and Justice http : //web.archive.org/web/20141118205203/http : //policy.greenparty.org.uk/cj.html Green Party General Election Manifesto 2010 - fair is worth fighting for http : //www.greenparty.org.uk/assets/files/resources/Manifesto_web_file.pdf Increasing gender diversity on corporate boards leads to decline in financial performance : the evidence https : //c4mb.wordpress.com/improving-gender-diversity-on-boards-leads-to-a-decline-in-corporate-performance-the-evidence/
RAW Paste Data
Incompetence on Economics : the numbers behind the Green Party 's proposed wealth tax policy are not sound . Fallacies behind them include ( i ) taking declining % increase in growth of household wealth , cherry-picking a small sample of years and then taking an average of those numbers as opposed to the correct way to go about it , which is extrapolating it , ( ii ) then overestimating the amount of wealth the top 1-2 % have by double , and ( iii ) ignoring the fact that there are stricter wealth taxes in countries like France that do n't rake in as much money as the greens claim their proposed tax will collect . This is particularly concerning as it is one of the key sources of money that the Green party 's proposed plans for UBI ( Universal Basic Income ) is dependent on - it claims that this wealth tax policy would raise £21bn to £43bn per year , however , as Andrew Neil pointed out on BBC 's Sunday Politics , France 's wealth tax kicks in at £800,000 , which is much lower than the Green party 's ( which starts at £3,000,000 ) , collects only £293,000,000 , which is nowhere near the Greens ' lower bound estimate of £21,000,000,000 . Why the Green party 's wealth tax policy wo n't work ( NewStatesman ) http : //www.newstatesman.com/politics/2015/01/why-green-partys-wealth-tax-policy-wont-work BBCSP : Green 's Natalie Bennett car crash interview on policies ( 25Jan15 ) https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=5dFn8RIXOBE Incompetence on delivering Green policies : Brighton and hove 's council , the only one in the country controlled by the Green Party , currently ranks 302nd out of 326 councils on its recycling record , with only 25.8 % of waste recycled , despite its promise for 70 % of waste to be recycled by 2015 and its threat of a £50,000 fine for putting plastic in the paper-only recycling bin . Brighton has become an object lesson in why it is a disaster to vote Green ( Spectator ) http : //www.spectator.co.uk/features/9342592/brighton-has-become-an-object-lesson-in-why-it-is-a-disaster-to-vote-green/ Brighton and Hove 's recycle rate one of worst in country ( The Argus ) http : //www.theargus.co.uk/news/11629468.Brighton_and_Hove_s_recycling_rate_one_of_worst_in_country/ ? ref=mr Laziness : The Green Party is lazier than any other major party , with an attendance in local council of 79.6 % , losing to LibLabCon , and UKIP , who perform best with an attendance of 92.4 % . Ukip councillors lead the way in meetings ( The Times ) http : //www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/politics/article3967236.ece Misandry : Green Party policy is to only imprison women who are `` a serious threat to the public '' , despite not answering ( i ) no answer given by the green party as to why people with experiences of rape/DV/mental illness should not serve custody ( ii ) + no answer given by the green party as to why , presuming data from studies they cite from are reliable , that you ca n't just exclude those exact people with experiences instead of just women as a whole . The Green party also supports Gender quotas despite the fact that research has repeatedly shown that they cause corporate performance to decline by hiring less qualified women instead of more qualified men . the Green Party - Crime and Justice http : //web.archive.org/web/20141118205203/http : //policy.greenparty.org.uk/cj.html Green Party General Election Manifesto 2010 - fair is worth fighting for http : //www.greenparty.org.uk/assets/files/resources/Manifesto_web_file.pdf Increasing gender diversity on corporate boards leads to decline in financial performance : the evidence https : //c4mb.wordpress.com/improving-gender-diversity-on-boards-leads-to-a-decline-in-corporate-performance-the-evidence/
Europeans are furious . Revelations that the US intelligence service National Security Agency ( NSA ) targeted the European Union and several European countries with its far-reaching spying activities have led to angry reactions from several senior EU and German politicians .
`` We need more precise information , '' said European Parliament President Martin Schulz . `` But if it is true , it is a huge scandal . That would mean a huge burden for relations between the EU and the US . We now demand comprehensive information . ''
Schulz was reacting to a report in SPIEGEL that the NSA had bugged the EU 's diplomatic representation in Washington and monitored its computer network ( full story available on Monday ) . The EU 's representation to the United Nations in New York was targeted in a similar manner . US intelligence thus had access to EU email traffic and internal documents . The information appears in secret documents obtained by whistleblower Edward Snowden , some of which SPIEGEL has seen .
The documents also indicate the US intelligence service was responsible for an electronic eavesdropping operation in Brussels . SPIEGEL also reported that Germany has been a significant target of the NSA 's global surveillance program , with some 500 million communication connections being monitored every month . The documents show that the NSA is more active in Germany than in any other country in the European Union .
'It Is Abhorrent '
EU and German politicians on Sunday , however , were reacting primarily to the revelations that the US had specifically targeted the 27-member bloc with its surveillance activities . `` If these reports are true , then it is abhorrent , '' said Luxembourgian Foreign Minister Jean Asselborn . `` It would seem that the secret services have gotten out of control . The US should monitor their own secret services rather than their allies . ''
Asselborn characterized the operation as a breach of trust . `` The US justifies everything as being part of the fight against terrorism . But the EU and its diplomats are not terrorists . We need a guarantee from the very highest level that it stops immediately . ''
A spokesperson for the European Commission in Brussels said officials had been in contact with US authorities in Washington , DC , and in Brussels and `` have confronted them with the press reports . They have told us they are checking on the accuracy of the information released yesterday and will come back to us . We will make no further comments at this stage . ''
German Justice Minister Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger , who has been sharply critical of the US since the beginning of the Prism scandal , was furious on Sunday . `` If media reports are correct , then it is reminiscent of methods used by enemies during the Cold War , '' she said in a statement emailed to the media . `` It defies belief that our friends in the US see the Europeans as their enemies . There has to finally be an immediate and comprehensive explanation from the US as to whether media reports about completely unacceptable surveillance measures of the US in the EU are true or not . Comprehensive spying on Europeans by Americans can not be allowed . ''
Elmar Brok , chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee in European Parliament added his opprobrium . `` The spying has reached dimensions that I did n't think were possible for a democratic country . Such behavior among allies is intolerable . '' The US , he added , once the land of the free , `` is suffering from a security syndrome , '' added Brok , a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel 's conservative Christian Democrats . `` They have completely lost all balance . George Orwell is nothing by comparison . ''
`` It is unacceptable when European diplomats and politicians are spied on in their day-to-day activities , '' said Manfred Weber , deputy head and security expert for the European People 's Party , an amalgam of European center-right parties in European Parliament . `` Our confidence has been shaken . '' Weber is a member of the Christian Social Union , the Bavarian sister party to Merkel 's CDU .
'Our Trust Is at Stake '
A further Merkel ally in European Parliament , Markus Ferber , accused the US on Sunday of using methods akin to the feared East German secret police , the Stasi . Like Weber , Ferber is a member of the CSU . `` A democratic constitutional state that uses Stasi methods sacrifices all credibility as a moral authority , '' Ferber told the German daily Die Welt on Sunday . `` It has destroyed trust . ''
Guy Verhofstadt , former Belgian prime minister and currently head of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , added : `` This is absolutely unacceptable and must be stopped immediately . The American data collection mania , shown publicly with SWIFT and hidden with Prism , has achieved another quality by spying on EU officials and their meetings . Our trust is at stake . ''
Green Party officials in Brussels are demanding far-reaching consequences . `` This is meltdown of the constitutional state , '' said Jan Philipp Albrecht , a Green Party representative in European Parliament . The NSA engaged in nothing less than `` espionage against democratic countries and their institutions , '' he added . Albrecht was deeply involved in negotiating the EU 's own policies on data privacy . He said that no one is safe from surveillance anymore and demanded that the EU open proceedings at the International Court of Justice in The Hague .
Green Party floor leader in European Parliament Daniel Cohn-Bendit went even further . `` A simple note of protest is not enough anymore . The EU must immediately suspend negotiations with the US over a free trade agreement , '' he said . `` First , we need a deal on data protection so that something like this never happens again . Only then can we resume ( free-trade ) negotiations . ''
Foreign Affairs Committee Chair Brok is n't willing to go quite that far , though he does allow that the free trade deal is endangered . `` How are you supposed to negotiate when you have to worry that your negotiating positions were intercepted , '' he asked .
His views were echoed during a citizens ' dialogue in Luxembourg on Sunday by European Commissioner for Justice , Fundamental Rights and Citizenship Viviane Reding who also suggested the revelations could adversely impact trade talks . `` Partners do not spy on each other , '' she said in response to a question from the audience . `` We can not negotiate over a big trans-Atlantic market if there is the slightest doubt that our partners are carrying out spying activities on the offices of our negotiators . The American authorities should eliminate such doubt swiftly . ''
No Comment
The spying revelations also look as though they could become an issue in the German election campaign . Peer Steinbrück , the Social Democratic challenger to Merkel , demanded that the chancellor investigate . `` The government must clear up the facts as quickly as possible , '' Steinbrück told SPIEGEL ONLINE . `` If the accusations are confirmed , it would go far beyond legitimate security concerns . That would mean that friends and partners were spied on . That would be completely unacceptable . ''
The targeting of EU representations marks a further expansion of the data surveillance scandal that has surrounded the NSA in recent weeks . New details about Prism and additional surveillance programs have continually come to light thanks to whistleblower Snowden . The British secret service agency GCHQ has a similar spying program called Tempora , according to Snowden , which monitors Internet and telephone connections across the globe .
The US has thus far declined to respond to the revelations printed in SPIEGEL . `` I ca n't comment , '' Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes told journalists on Saturday in Pretoria , according to the German news agency DPA .
At the end of the Victorian era , science and technology are rapidly changing life in Europe . Electric lamps illuminate city streets even in the darkest night . Trains and steamboats are making travel faster and less expensive than ever before . Telegraphs and even telephones enable communication across vast distances . Typewriters and phonographs enable people to quickly record and organize information—or even just share their thoughts .
Yet terrible , centuries-old evils also have access to these innovations , and the most diabolical of them all has awakened once again . In Fury of Dracula you and your friends must work together , using any means necessary to thwart the Count before he attains more power than ever before . Thankfully , the four brave souls pursuing Dracula are no ordinary mortals , but possess unique qualities that equip them for their dark quest . Today 's preview introduces you to the hunters of Fury of Dracula and the abilities that enable them , together , to stand up against the greatest vampire of all time .
Lord Arthur Godalming
“ How can women help to love men when they are so earnest , and so true , and so brave ! And , too , it made me think of the wonderful power of money ! What can it not do when it is properly applied ; and what might it do when basely used . I felt so thankful that Lord Godalming is rich . ”
–Mina Harker
Eight years ago , Lord Arthur Godalming lost his father and his fiancee , Lucy Westenra within the space of a few weeks . His father left Arthur a sizeable fortune . Lucy , however , died as one of Dracula 's victims , leaving Arthur only memories and a determination to eradicate such evil from the face of the earth . Now he pours all his strength , bravery , and money into the hunt for Dracula .
Lord Godalming 's wealth allows him the unique ability to obtain two items with every supply action , allowing him to not only to arm himself easily , but acquire holy bullets , crucifixes , and even hunting dogs for the team . Not only is he wealthy , but Lord Arthur Godalming is also a member of the English nobility and can use that privilege to travel easily . Whenever he reserves a train ticket , he takes two instead of one , and can provide those tickets to other hunters . Yet Lucy is never far from his mind and her memory still strengthens him . It can even prevent him from being bitten and save him from death .
Dr. John Seward
“ I sometimes think we must be all mad and that we shall wake to sanity in strait-waistcoats . ”
–Dr . John Seward
Arthur Godalming and John Seward were friends long before the former had a title , the latter had a degree , and either believed in vampires . John Seward has always been interested in the unexplained and uncanny , and so once he became a physician , he took up a position at an insane asylum . He also asked for Lucy Westenra 's hand in marriage , but never begrudged Arthur victory in that contest .
As a physician , Dr. Seward helps his companions heal : a hunter in the same city as him recovers two points of damage from resting , instead of just one . Years of practicing medicine have also taught him to always be prepared : he can carry with him one item and event card more than the other hunters . He also may carry with him the wax cylinders that contain voice recordings of thoughts . They help him to analyze his situation and make careful deductions about where Dracula might be and what the vampire might be up to .
Dr. Abraham Van Helsing
“ He is a philosopher and a metaphysician , and one of the most advanced scientists of his day ; and he has , I believe , an absolutely open mind . This , with an iron nerve , a temper of the ice-brook , an indomitable resolution , self-command , and toleration… and the kindliest and truest heart that beats . ”
–Dr . John Seward
The Dutch scholar Abraham Van Helsing has dedicated his life to studying obscure and legendary diseases . He was the first to recognize the red marks on Lucy Westenra 's throat for what they were , and the first to understand the massive threat Dracula 's arrival in England posed . His mystic research allows him to anticipate and undermine Dracula 's plans .
Dr. Van Helsing is as tough and fearless as he is knowledgeable . Lord Godalming and John Seward can only survive one bite from Dracula 's fangs , but Dr. Van Helsing can continue the quest with two vampire bites weakening him . He is also a natural leader , and looks out for the rest of the team : Van Helsing alone can trade event cards with other hunters across any distance , perhaps forwarding a telegraph from Galway to Galatz , or sending a blood transfusion from Athens to Berlin .
Mina Harker
“ Her eyes have been where we were blinded . ”
–Dr . Van Helsing
Mina Harker was at the center of Dracula 's machinations eight years ago . Lucy was her best friend . Her fiance at the time , Jonathan Harker , was imprisoned for months in Castle Dracula and nearly died . Her typewritten records of Lucy 's experience , her copies of Jonathan 's correspondence , and her shrewd logic were essential in driving the Count out of England—but not before Dracula managed to attack her repeatedly . The bite scar still lingers on her neck and still connects her psychically to the Count . She begins the game weakened , so that another bite would kill her . Dracula is also aware of one item and event she possesses , as he is with any bite victim .
Mina 's psychic bond with Dracula can be used against him . If she is in the same city as another hunter , she can force the Count to reveal whether or not he is in the same region . She may also choose to become delayed undergoing hypnosis and experience waking dreams , through which she can inform the other hunters which region Dracula occupies . The fact that she has been drained , however , does not stop Mina from hunting Dracula or even fighting him . She is no less brave than the other hunters—perhaps even braver—and determined not to become an idle , unavenged victim .
Master the Supernatural
Against a foe such as Dracula , a psychic bond can be as useful as a telegram . A crucifix as useful as a pistol . Knowledge of dark and arcane myths is as useful as fast horses , hunting dogs , and plentiful wealth . In Fury of Dracula , technology is a powerful weapon , but your enemy is a fiendish master of incredible , supernatural , unexplainable forces . You will have to believe in and master such forces as well if you want to defeat him .
The darkness is spreading . Pre-order Fury of Dracula from your local retailer today .
Threatening the very future of ironic gifting , Warner Bros. has announced that it will shut down its Warner Premiere division , the label behind so many straight-to-DVD sequels created to capitalize on the studio 's most famous properties and consumer ignorance . `` Given the continuing decline in the direct-to-video film market and shifting business models in the production of digital series , the decision was made to close Warner Premiere , '' the company said in a statement , lamenting the dawn of a cold new age that simply has no room for the warm , personal exploitation of movies like Ace Ventura Jr. : Pet Detective , The Lost Boys : The Thirst , and The Dukes Of Hazzard : The Beginning .
Ameliorating the news somewhat by saying that the company 's animated titles will continue under the Warner Home Video name , while Warner Digital would assume control of online series such as Bryan Singer 's recently debuted H+ , the studio also reassured fans that production and distribution would continue on remaining Warner Premiere titles like the upcoming A Christmas Story 2 . `` So tell your friends and relatives to make you a Christmas list , then just rip it to shreds right in front of their stupid , slackjawed faces , '' the studio added , implicitly . In response to the news , WalMart has reportedly already begun brainstorming ideas on how to address the looming void in its $ 5 DVD bin , including forcing Jillian Michaels to produce at least 10 more exercise videos a year , and filling any leftover space with loose Great Value Cheddar Cheese Puffs .
Readers of this website know I 'm very suspicious of flash crashes , this sudden market down turns where stocks , or even a few stocks or a single stock , plummet in value in a matter of second due to the sudden action of High Frequency Trading ( HFTs ) on `` dark pools . '' I have advanced various hypotheses to explain this behavior , from the possibility that artificial intelligence is already here , looming , as it were , in the networks of these trading concerns , to the possibility that someone might be using them to probe market cyber-security and vulnerabilities . Well , so many people saw this one , and sent me this article , that I have to extend my high octane speculations once again . As one individual who shared this article stated in his email , it raises ... `` questions . '' Here 's the story from our friends at Zero Hedge :
Nasdaq Triggers Market-Wide Circuit-Breaker As AMZN `` Crashes '' 87 % After-Hours
Ponder these statements :
Nasdaq has issued a market-wide trading halt amid what appears to be a `` glitch '' that sent a number of the largest Nasdaq-listed stocks to crash or spike to exactly $ 123.47 per share . This move crashed the value of companies including Amazon and Apple , sparked chaos in Microsoft , while sending Zynga rocketing up more than 3000 % . On the eve of the US Independence Day holiday and in after-hours trading , The FT reports that market data show that companies such as Apple , Amazon , Microsoft , eBay and Zynga were repriced at $ 123.47 . The Bloomberg data terminal listed either “ market wide circuit breaker halt — level 2 ” or “ volatility trading pause ” on all the stocks affected .
And then , towards the end of the article , we read this :
In a statement , Nasdaq said the glitch was related to “ improper use of test data ” sent out to third party data providers , and said it was working to “ ensure a prompt resolution of this matter ” . In cases of any clearly erroneous data , trades made are cancelled . ( All emphases in the original )
Note the implicit assumption : the `` safety valve '' or `` Market wide circuit breaker halt '' gets tripped when volatility reaches a certain level . That should trigger the question that some former quants want answered , but it appears not to be `` getting through '' : is volality itself a certain enough epistemological foundation on which to assume that algorithmicly-driven trades are not altogether divorced from human market realities ? In other words , does the mere absence of such phenomena on a trading day mean that real human market conditions are being reflected ? I would submit that this is not so .
But there 's something else here , and it should give everyone considerable pause : these `` glitches '' appear to be happening with no end in sight , and therefore , how does voiding these trades contribute to the healthiness of our markets , if one has to `` lose time '' and a potentially whole day of trades to `` reset '' after a `` glitch '' ? Ultimately , this would seem to be a very inefficient way to conduct trades . However what disturbs me is the constant appeal , on such events , to the ever-present `` glitch . '' We 've had several such `` glitches '' since the famous May 2010 flash crash . One might as well say that these events are due to `` gremlins in the system '' ; such an assertion would possess just as much rational explanatory power as the ever-useful `` glitch , '' and this is a key to the glaring problem once again : our markets are not transparent , and not reflective of genuine human market conditions . I begin to think that , perhaps , `` gremlins in the system '' might even be a more useful explanation , for that at least would seem to imply that perhaps some of these trading networks have `` woken up . ''
Whether or not that high octane speculation be true , there are a couple of other problems here that greatly puzzle and disturb me . Who got to decide , after the `` reset '' , that various stocks were repriced at $ 123.47 per share ? On what basis was this decision taken , or did it , too , fall within some agreed-upon artificial protocol adopted in the case of `` how to reset market prices in the event of a flash crash ? '' Who ( or what ) took this decision ? What was the explanation ?
Finally , this new `` glitch '' was , according to Nasdaq , related to `` improper use of test data sent out to third party data providers . ''
Oh really !
Ok ... what was the test data ? and WHO were the third parties ? Was their `` improper use '' of that data intentional or not ? It 's the general lack of any useful information here that once again states , as clearly as possible , that the market is not transparent , and that it ill-reflects any human market realities or analysis of the value of the shares affected . Did that `` improper use '' of `` test data '' constitute an attempt to deliberately probe Nasdaq 's potential cyber vulnerabilities ? And if one can `` improperly use test data '' to create a `` glitch '' that leads to suspension of trading , why not use it to erase all records of trades altogether ? Of course , I can hear it now : `` Oh we have backup systems and there 's no danger of that , '' and etc & c usw . and k.t.l . All of this is a nice euphemistic way of saying that the markets have little to no integrity .
I do n't know about you , but every intuitive bone I have says there 's much more to this story , and to the whole phenomenon of flash crashes , than meets the eye , and that `` they '' do n't want to talk about it , either because they know what 's really going on , or - worse - do n't really know what 's going on . Why do I get the queasy feeling that this is all related to the Inslaw scandal and the theft of its PROMIS software ?
See you on the flip side ...
Florida State 's Karlos Williams was named in a drug deal robbery case . ( Photo : John David Mercer , USA TODAY Spor )
A Tallahassee man who was robbed during a drug deal gone bad in June said the transaction was set up by Florida State University running back Karlos Williams , according to a Tallahassee Police Department incident report .
TPD named Williams the suspect in a domestic battery case on Monday . Williams has n't been charged with any crime and his status on the football team is `` under review '' by the university .
Seminoles coach Jimbo Fisher refused to comment on Williams on Tuesday , other than saying that the running back will play Thursday at Louisville .
The investigation of Williams comes as the university moves forward with a student conduct code disciplinary hearing related to an alleged sexual assault involving quarterback Jameis Winston and a female student . The university is under investigation for possible Title IX violations by the United States Department of Education 's Office of Civil Rights .
According to the TPD report on the drug case the victim said Williams was his `` hook up '' for marijuana . He explained to police that he would contact Williams , who then would contact a drug dealer to set up a place to meet .
The victim said in the police report that Williams set up the marijuana deal on June 23 , when three men showed up to the victim 's house in the 300 block of Mayo Street , just a few blocks west of Doak Campbell Stadium , so he could buy an eighth of an ounce of marijuana for $ 50 .
At about 5:25 p.m. , the dealer , later identified in a police lineup as Daravius `` Gutta '' Lawrence , then 17 , arrived at the home . The victim paid Lawrence who then went outside to his car to get some change . When Lawrence left , the two other suspects pulled out handguns , made the victim lie down on the floor and demanded the marijuana and all of his money , the report said .
`` Where 's the money ? Give me the money . I just want the money , '' one of the men said .
The victim gave them the key to his safe , which they opened , taking more marijuana , cash and the victim 's phone .
Lawrence , who was still outside , told the suspects to hurry up . They all left down Belle Vue Way in a silver Chevrolet Malibu . All three were captured on the victim 's surveillance camera .
Lawrence , now 18 , was charged as an adult on a count of armed robbery .
Williams is listed as an associate on the TPD report and has not been charged .
TPD spokesman Officer David Northway said the department got little cooperation from Williams in that case .
Northway said police set up a time to talk with Williams at the police station , but Williams never showed up . They then tried to call him , and he never answered his phone . Eventually , Northway said , they got in touch with his girlfriend who said the two had a lawyer and did not want to talk to police .
The state attorney , Northway said , decided to charge Lawrence without speaking to Williams .
Tallahassee attorney Tim Jansen , who is representing Williams in the domestic battery investigation , said the State Attorney 's Office told him Williams is not a suspect and is not under investigation in the June robbery .
`` In fact , I was told this morning that at most Mr. Williams might be a witness ( to the robbery ) , '' Jansen said in an email this morning . `` Using the term 'associated ' was an inflammatory device to inflame readers . It 's irresponsible to lead the public to believe the Mr. Williams was somehow involved in the incident . ''
Jansen said a prosecutor in the state attorney 's office added there is no current case for domestic battery against Williams .
`` We feel it 's important that the public have the unbiased truth of the facts as they currently exist , '' he said . `` Mr. Williams has not been charged with any crime . ''
Sean Rossman writes for the Tallahassee Democrat , a Gannett company .
People who use parks , playgrounds and sports fields in the Halifax Regional Municipality should n't expect major improvements in the near future , after council tentatively approved a smaller Parks and Recreation budget for the next fiscal year .
The tentative budget for 2016-17 is $ 649,600 smaller than this year 's and that means most of the region 's 878 parks will remain at their minimum standard level , according to the director of the Parks and Recreation department .
`` In many parks we 're at the safety level , '' Brad Anguish said in a briefing to Halifax regional council on Wednesday .
`` We 're making sure it 's just safe , green and clean . That 's where we want to be functioning in terms of minimum standards . So to get to that next level , it 's tough choices . ''
'Tough choices '
Those tough choices will likely come later this year , when Anguish presents an analysis of what the city has in parkland and what it can reasonably afford .
`` We can maintain what we 've got in a safe state , '' Anguish said .
`` The issue seems to be — as well as we 're doing — there 's concern about the state of good repair or the quality of the park .
`` If we really need to move it to the next level , then it really becomes a decision of , do we put more money in or do we just take away a few of the assets that may not be so well utilized ? ''
Some on council are worried about the system being able to absorb this year 's budget cut .
Coun . Linda Mosher , who represents Halifax West Armdale , questioned the cut during the pre-budget debate .
`` This is something that benefits residents in all of our communities and I 'm just wondering if that 's sustainable , '' Mosher said .
Coun . Waye Mason , who represents Halifax South Downtown , was also skeptical .
`` I feel like we 're giving you mission impossible , '' he told Anguish .
Less for libraries , too
The municipality 's nearly 900 parks include 324 sport or ball fields and 395 playgrounds .
There 's enough money in the draft budget to replace 30 playgrounds , which are no longer deemed safe .
There are also plans to expand the Dartmouth Sportsplex this year , as well as build a new all-weather field in Cole Harbour and a four-pad arena in Dartmouth .
The Halifax Public Libraries system is also being asked to live with less — council approved a $ 130,000 budget cut in the 2016-17 budget .
Asa Kachan , the CEO of Halifax Public Libraries , told council that will be possible thanks to an increase in revenue from renting space at the new Halifax Central Library , as well as a reorganization of jobs and not filling some vacant positions .
The CBC 's Jean Laroche live tweeted the council proceedings .
[ Haskell-cafe ] A new case for the pointed functor class
France 's president , Emmanuel Macron , has announced he will visit the hurricane-damaged French territories in the Caribbean as the UK government defended its response to the storm .
Macron said he would visit St Martin and announced a doubling of military and police forces to bolster security in the region .
There have been a number of arrests and witnesses in the French island territory have reported looting and violence after the storm that left 60 % of homes in St Martin uninhabitable , and killed at least 11 people in St Martin and St Barthélemy ( St Barts ) , both French territories .
Mark Rutte , the prime minister of the Netherlands , said the number of military personnel had been doubled on the Dutch side of the island , St Maarten . Rutte said that to ensure order , security forces were authorised to act with a “ firm hand ” .
Dutch authorities were evacuating tourists and the injured to Curaçao , where the Dutch king , Willem-Alexander , and the interior minister , Ronald Plasterk , were expected to arrive on Monday .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A woman and her two children walk past debris left by Hurricane Irma in Charlotte Amalie , St Thomas , US Virgin Islands . Photograph : Ricardo Arduengo/AP
The British prime minister , Theresa May , has yet to say if she will visit Anguilla and the British Virgin Islands , which were also devastated by the storm .
The British government has faced criticism by residents and visitors in the area who have described “ unbelievable ” devastation . It has been accused of being slow to evacuate people before the storm .
The premier of the British Virgin Islands , Orlando Smith , has called for greater support from the British government after Irma 's destructive force left the islands in a “ critical ” state and killed at least five people .
“ We are a resilient people but this has shaken us to our core , ” he said .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A beach littered with rubble in the Baie Nettle area of Marigot on St Martin , devastated by Hurricane Irma . Photograph : Martin Bureau/AFP/Getty Images
The foreign secretary , Boris Johnson , defended the UK response to what he called “ an unprecedented catastrophe ” and said the government would be providing assistance to affected areas “ for the long term ” .
“ I stress that this is a very big consular crisis , and I am confident that we are doing everything we possibly can to help British nationals . But you must understand that there are a million of them affected , ” he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme on Monday .
Johnson said 700 British troops were in the region , with UK police also arriving . The government has already set aside £32m in aid and will match public donations to the Red Cross appeal .
“ We were there as soon as the crisis broke , ” he said . “ It does n't make any sense when a hurricane is impending to send in heavy aircraft or to send in ships that are not capable themselves of withstanding the storm .
“ In fact the French had to ask us for assistance later on , because we 'd got the right sort of kit there . ”
He continued : “ If you look at what is happening now you can see an unprecedented British effort to deal with what has been an unprecedented catastrophe for the region . We have not had a storm like this since records began in 1850 .
“ These are British people , these are British overseas territories , and we are going to be there for the long term . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Royal Marines talking to a resident in Road Town , Tortola , British Virgin Islands . Photograph : Lphoto Joel Rouse/AFP/Getty Images
Irma had crashed through the Caribbean before hitting the US state of Florida .
Four people were killed on the US Virgin Islands , and at least one person in the British overseas territory of Anguilla . Three reportedly died in Puerto Rico and one in Barbuda . Tens of thousands of residents and tourists have been evacuated , and there are fears disease may spread in flooded areas without power , drinking water or basic infrastructure .
The prime minister of Antigua and Barbuda said the islands had been levelled by the storm , with 90 % destroyed .
Witnesses in Antigua described the scenes as like a “ horror movie ” .
“ We had 40ft containers flying left and right , ” ABS TV Antigua reported . “ The story you were getting from most of the residents here is that the eye of the storm came just in time . Persons were literally tying themselves to their roofs with ropes to keep them down . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Cubans wade through a flooded street in Havana on Sunday . Photograph : Yamil Lage/AFP/Getty Images
Havana fared better than expected but the storm surge still inundated two blocks into the Cuban capital , with 11-metre waves crashing over the famous Malecón . Other Cuban regions fared much worse , after Irma made landfall as a category5 storm on Friday , tearing roofs from houses and flooding communities . It was the first category 5 storm to hit Cuba since 1932 , but by Sunday tourists in the Varadero area were ready to return to their holiday .
“ I think the atmosphere now is relief , knowing it is past and the building is still there and everyone is OK , ” Josephine Breslin , a 49-year-old British visitor , told Reuters .
The Varadero photographer Osmel de Armas said the area was a “ complete disaster and it will take a great deal of work to get Varadero back on its feet ” .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A woman in front of her home flooded by heavy rains brought on by Hurricane Irma in Fort-Liberté , Haiti Photograph : Dieu Nalio Chery/AP
On Friday , more than 24,000 people were evacuated in the Dominican Republic , according to local media . More than 10,000 were in shelters , and 17 communities had been isolated by washed-out roads and bridges .
On the other side of the island of Hispaniola , the hurricane skirted Haiti 's northern border , sparing it from mass devastation but still destroying farmland and crops . Less than a year ago , Hurricane Matthew killed more than 540 people and caused US $ 2.8bn ( £2.12bn ) of damage .
A SEAGULL NAMED Jonathan is apparently terrorising the people of Waterford .
WLRFM 's Big Breakfast Blaa reports that the seagull , who is named Jonathan , sits on a lamppost on the Dunmore Road at the hospital roundabout at Collins Avenue .
From his perch , he dives bombs at joggers and is heard “ laughing ” , the station says .
There 's Jonathan . Terror ? Or just misunderstood ? Source : WLRFM via Facebook
“ Waterford has been put on ‘ high seagull alert ' following numerous reports of swooping and dive-bombing by a lone seagull .
“ Jonathan has swooped down at joggers and some reports say he appears to ‘ laugh ' afterwards . It is advised that you do n't eat any food , such as ice-cream or a sandwich , while walking in this area . ”
The station is asking people to be “ seagull aware ” and to listen in for updates , but it Jonathan is already causing terror .
When it comes to space exploration , many believe America must make a choice between having human `` Astros '' exploring the solar system or using robotic probes as planet or asteroid `` Dodgers . ''
NASA sees both approaches as essential to expanding the human presence in the universe . But that does n't mean that two of NASA 's centers ca n't engage in a little friendly rivalry when it comes to their hometown baseball teams competing in the 2017 World Series .
Houston is home to both the American League 's Houston Astros and NASA 's Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) , the hub of human spaceflight , while the Los Angeles area is home to both the National League 's L.A. Dodgers and NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in Pasadena , California , one of the pillars of robotic space and planetary missions .
On behalf of their respective centers , JSC Director Ellen Ochoa , who actually is a native Californian , and JPL Director Michael Watkins , who actually is a University of Texas at Austin alumnus , have decided the World Series deserves to be the subject of a little bragging rights wager .
So , here 's the contest : If the Houston Astros win the best-of-seven series , Watkins will have to wear an Astros jersey for a day . If the series goes the L.A. Dodgers ' way , Ochoa will wear a Dodgers jersey .
`` JSC is proud to be a citizen of Houston , and , as such , we are proud of all the city 's accomplishments and its great spirit , '' Ochoa said . `` And our team is actually named after our space center , so I 'm happy to be able to show support for that , and glad to have a little fun in challenging a center that , except for this week , is our close partner in exploration . I am looking forward to seeing a little bit of Houston at JPL soon . ''
`` JPLers are proud to work and live in the Los Angeles area here in beautiful Southern California , '' Watkins said . `` We love the chance to show our support for this great city , and for the great baseball tradition of the Dodgers . This is a nice way to have a little fun with our good friends at JSC and we hope to see some Dodger blue there shortly . ''
When it comes to the reality of spaceflight , the two centers have collaborated and compared notes on a variety of space projects for nearly half a century . NASA understands that robotic exploration has always been a precursor to human space exploration and that more and more , we see robots and humans flying together , helping each other explore . Rather than rivals , JSC and JPL are close teammates in expanding our knowledge of the universe and increasing the limits humanity explores .
But in the meantime , JSC invites all Astros fans to `` Orange Out '' and JPL invites all Dodgers fans to `` Bleed Blue . '' May the best team win !
Follow along on Twitter with the hashtag # OutOfThisWorldSeries and on the JSC and JPL social media accounts as the two baseball teams go head to head :
https : //twitter.com/NASA_Johnson
https : //twitter.com/NASAJPL
News Media Contact
News media contacts : Veronica McGregorJet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.818-354-9452veronica.mcgregor @ jpl.nasa.govKelly O. HumphriesNews Chief / NASA Johnson Space Center , Houston281-244-5050kelly.o.humphries @ nasa.gov2017-278
Millennials are being brainwashed to oppose capitalism and support communism… their favorite leaders are Kim Jong-Un and Stalin…
Despite the fact that capitalism has lifted more people out of poverty than any other economic system ever created by man , millennials apparently want socialism or communism instead .
According to a recent study conducted by Victims of Communism Memorial Fund-YouGov , 44 percent of millennials say that they would rather live in a socialist country than a country that embraces free market capitalism , and an additional seven percent say they prefer to live under communism . This means that more than half of today 's youth would rather live under socialism or communism instead of capitalism , a clear sign that the upcoming generation is becoming increasingly detached from America 's roots .
As if this was n't bad enough , 23 percent of Americans between the ages of 21 and 29 consider Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin to be a “ hero , ” 26 percent believe Vladimir Lenin was a hero , and 23 percent feel that Kim Jong-un of North Korea is a hero . Additionally , “ Millennials also named Karl Marx ( 18 percent ) , Che Guevara ( 26 percent ) , Vladimir Lenin ( 17 percent ) , Mao Zedong ( 16 percent ) , and Nicolas Maduro ( 12 percent ) as a personal hero , hero for their country , or hero to the world . ”
In a press release , Victims of Communism executive director Marion Smith explained what the results of the survey mean for American society . “ Millennials are increasingly turning away from capitalism and toward socialism and even communism as a viable alternative , ” Smith said . “ This troubling turn highlights widespread historical illiteracy in American society regarding socialism and the systemic failure of our education system to teach students about the genocide , destruction , and misery caused by communism since the Bolshevik Revolution one hundred years ago. ” ( Related : The mainstream media wo n't cover the failing socialist nightmare in Venezuela because it exposes the faults of socialism . )
Interestingly enough , however , the majority of young people who participated in this survey were unable to define socialism and communism , and roughly 80 percent did n't know how many lives were lost under communist regimes . ( Related : This video shows millennials supporting socialism even if it causes starvation . )
On the surface , it may seem silly that millennials would support something that they do n't even understand , but when you consider how much indoctrination and political brainwashing goes on inside of the classroom , everything suddenly starts to make sense .
Last month , a professor at California State University-Long Beach declared at a school event that America “ was founded on white supremacy and racism ” and “ built on a racist capitalist system meant to weaken the minority . ”
The historical illiterate in question , sociology professor Steven Osuna , asked students at the event whether or not they were able to save money , to which many of them shouted back “ no ! ” Osuna then told the students that their inability to save money was due to the “ racist , capitalist system ” that our country was supposedly founded upon , “ and as a result , ” he said to the crowd , “ you have all these people making a ton of money off y'all 's backs . ”
In addition to this anti-capitalism message that more and more schools across the country are beginning to promote , students are simultaneously being taught to fight for equality and “ fairness for all , ” which they automatically associate with socialism , communism and the redistribution of wealth . America 's education system really has become the perfect breeding ground for young socialists and communists .
What 's so ironic about all of this is the fact that young people are some of the biggest beneficiaries of capitalism in the entire country . They wake up each morning and turn off the alarm that they set on their Apple iPhone , grab lunch at the nearest fast food restaurant , study for school using their Microsoft laptop , and then maybe even go to the mall with a group of friends . They benefit from capitalism each and every day , and yet sadly , they want to do away with it .
Sources include :
Townhall.com
CampusReform.org
A state appeals court has rejected granting a new trial for the Allentown security guard convicted by a jury of shooting to death an unarmed man .
Andrew Gesslein II was convicted by a Lehigh County jury in the fatal shooting of Michael Maurice `` O Head '' Randolph . Gesslein has maintained he shot Randolph in self-defense in April 2012 , after Randolph forced his way into the after-hours North End Republican Club .
Lehigh County Judge Robert Steinberg sentenced Gesslein to five to 10 years in prison for voluntary manslaughter , the lowest possible sentence , then later granted Gesslein a new trial .
The judge said he based his decision to grant a new trial on `` truly extraordinary circumstances , '' arguing that prosecutors did not disprove Gesslein 's claim of self-defense beyond a reasonable doubt .
Prosecutors appealed the new trial , arguing the judge placed himself as the `` 13th juror '' in concluding the verdict was against the weight of the evidence .
In a 26-page opinion released Monday , the state Superior Court ruled Gesslein should not have a new trial , but that he should be resentenced and sent the case back to the Lehigh County for that purpose .
`` It appears that the trial court improperly undertook the function of the jury , assigning its own weight to the Commonwealth 's evidence and its own credibility determinations as to the witnesses ' testimony . Further , our review of the record discloses that the trial court 's reasons for granting a new trial are not supported by the evidence , '' the opinion says .
Reached in his office Wednesday afternoon , Steinberg said ethics prevent him from commenting about the case .
`` The ( court 's ) decision will not change anyone 's opinion about the case , '' Steinberg said .
Randolph was shot three times in the back . Gesslein claimed Randolph reached for a gun , but authorities found no gun on his body . Gesslein , who worked for the Eye in the Sky security firm , was licensed to carry a gun but was not supposed to be armed for that job .
At that hearing , Steinberg said Randolph bore `` some responsibility here . ''
`` Let 's not say Michael Randolph was this wonderful citizen , because he 's not , '' Steinberg said .
While attorneys waited for the upper court to decide those issues , Gesslein was granted bail but was never able to post the 10 percent of $ 250,000 and remained in state prison . Judge Kelly Banach ruled he could not use real estate as collateral for the bail .
When Gesslein was granted bail , he told the judge `` I am very confident when this goes to trial things are going to come to light that did n't come out the first time . ''
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi @ express-times.com . Follow her on Twitter @ SarahCassi . Find Allentown news on our Facebook page .
of this blog , one of the main reasons why we started this project is to show the world that naturists are not some strange dark commune but that actually everyone could be one… Or could enjoy being one if they took the first step . As you may have read in the very first post of this blog , one of the main reasons why we started this project is to show the world that naturists are not some strange dark commune but that actually everyone could be one… Or could enjoy being one if they took the first step .
Our main example of “ everyone ” is of course ourselves , we write posts about naturism in general but also about our own experiences . But some of you might be thinking “ Yes sure , those two are probably just the strange kids in the block… ” ( nah , we know you 're not thinking that about us , but we 're trying to write an introduction here ) . So we decided to let other naturists have a word as well .
So please sit back and get inspired !
Meanwhile we already published several interviews with people from all over the world . You can find them in the The Naturist Talks section .
Daniel from the USA will share his thoughts about naturism with us .
Hello Daniel , tell us something about yourself
I am currently residing in Denver , Colorado . I moved to Denver from Chicago in 2016 where I was a nude art model for college art classes and artists . I have been modeling nude since 2008 . I have enjoyed naturism since 1998 . I currently drive a Hyundai Tuscon . My best friend is my dog Bowie . I have an extensive background in sports journalism and sports photography .
How and at what age did you become a naturist ?
Generally most of my life I have been shy and more introverted . In 1998 I met some friends who were very comfortable with nudity . They invited me over to enjoy their hot tub . To my surprise , they never wore swimwear in the tub , choosing to go nude . After some coaxing , they got me to go nude as well . It felt awkward for only a few moments . From that day forward , I have been comfortable with nudism . I always look for new places where nudism is accepted .
Is naturism allowed in your country and what 's the public opinion ?
Naturism in the United States is becoming more widely accepted . Since moving to Denver last year I have found a local nudist resort within 30 miles from me . I plan on attending this resort in the very near future . I do believe more people are getting into the lifestyle , but as a whole nudism is still not as open as some countries in Europe . I used to be conservative with my nudism , but now I am not afraid to tell anyone the benefits of nudism .
What do you think is the best and worst thing about naturism ?
The best thing about naturism is how free I feel when I get to practice it . There is no better feeling than being one with nature . I really still despise that naturism is still being associated with sexual activity . Why is something so free and natural have to be always considered vulgar and sexual ? Our nude bodies in any shape or size are beautiful and natural .
Do you find it easy to make naturist friends ?
I have found it easier to meet people into naturism online in various groups . When it comes to meeting people its more difficult . Very few of my family and friends are comfortable with nudism , yet they rarely frown upon me for being a naturist . Most are not comfortable with their bodies and are not willing to give it a try . Most family members would find it awkward to start naturism in the family setting .
What 's the best tip you have for beginning naturists ?
Grin and bare it . We all have the same things , only different shapes and sizes . Once you try it you will never go back . Its the most beautiful thing each of us have and makes us unique .
Anything else you 'd like to share with our audience ?
Becoming a naturist and a nude art model has been the best thing I have done in my life . I have become less inhibited in all aspects of my life . Modeling has been the most rewarding work I have done and I constantly get compliments on my work , unlike any other job I have had .
Thank you so much for your participation Daniel !
Do you also want to tell your story and experiences in naturism ? Please get in touch via the CONTACT page ! As long as we have people who like to contribute , we can keep The Naturist Talks running !
The failure of the so-called congressional supercommittee to close up the gaping U.S. budget deficit means America 's armed forces now face a budget cut of $ 600 billion over the next 10 years beginning in 2013 .
But many Washington insiders say it will never happen .
Reuters Predator unmanned aerial vehicle .
Called “ sequestration , ” the automatic cuts were meant to motivate the supercommittee to hammer out a $ 1.2 trillion bipartisan deal with targeted budget cuts to avoid the more cumbersome , across the board spending reductions . Broader cuts would have come down particularly hard on the military because it accounts for about 75 % of federal procurement spending .
As a result of the sequestration , the Department of Defense fiscal 2013 budget will be pulled down to its fiscal 2007-spending level , after adjusting for inflation , according to the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments , or CSBA , a Washington , D.C. , think tank . It will then remain flat for the rest of the decade .
However , the Budget Control Act gives Congress plenty of loopholes .
First off it gives the Pentagon , the defense industry and their lobbyists a whole year to pressure political allies into delaying legislation to reduce military spending . And with 2012 being an election year , Congress could put off addressing the cuts until after November , and then vote to delay sequestration until several months into the new year , giving a Congress time to develop an alternative , the CSBA said .
Then there 's a loophole in the law that exempts “ war funding , ” creating an incentive for the Pentagon to move items from the base budget to the war budget .
“ While it is not clear how much of this maneuvering Congress will be willing to tolerate , it is notable that Senate appropriators moved some $ 10 billion of funding requested in the base budget to the war budget in their markup of the fiscal 2012 defense appropriations bill , ” the CSBA said .
Stock prices for the top military contractors have declined from a year ago , but have gained traction in the last three months after the economy appeared to have dodged a second recession . The Spade Defense Sector Index DXS , a basket of contractor stocks , is off by 2.3 % for the year , but is up nearly 10 % since August .
“ At this point we think sequester is largely priced in , ” said Robert Stallard , an analyst with RBC Capital . “ On the flipside , another 12-plus months of budget uncertainty looms , and we see this as limiting any upside . ”
— Christopher Hinton
Follow The Tell on Twitter @ thetellblog
The Road to Serfdom : American Feudalism Comes To Detroit
Detroit 's bankruptcy hearings officially resumed on September 2 , and creditors are making their arguments for why the destitute city should give up its last remaining public wealth to bankers and private-sector profiteers . The establishment media would have you believe that Detroit 's financial crisis is a result of “ running out of other people 's money. ” But if you want to truly understand the story of Detroit 's rise and fall , the book “ Getting Ghost ” by University of Michigan adjunct professor Luke Bergmann is a must-read .
The author follows two teenage boys , Dude Freeman and Rodney Phelps , around Detroit 's underground drug-dealing economy , and expertly shows how the people of Detroit have had their cultural and financial power systematically pillaged over the last five decades . In Bergmann 's book , Freeman and Phelps are symbols not of an allegedly drug-addicted violent underclass , but of a city whose people have been left to fend for themselves by a profoundly predatory capitalism .
In the book 's introduction , Bergmann refers to Detroit as a “ shareholder city ” : comparing the way private corporations work to provide dividends to shareholders at the expense of workers , to the way Detroit works to provide tax incentives and handouts to large corporations at the expense of the residents . All the diversity was taken out of Detroit 's economy for the benefit of the auto industry . One stark example is the bulldozing of the largely black-owned Hastings Street business district and black-owned businesses on the West side of Detroit for the Ford and Lodge freeways .
As globalization took hold , the auto industry uprooted to make even bigger profits overseas , leaving behind an entire city that had been forced through decades to become solely dependent on car production for its way of life . Wall Street offered Detroit 's beleaguered government – now deprived of its once-strong tax base – financing for public infrastructure through risky bonds . But when Wall Street gambled big on made-up financial instruments and lost even bigger , they came to Detroit to extract their pound of flesh .
Detroit 's bankruptcy in a nutshell is this : Wall Street financiers created the Detroit crisis , and now they plan to profit off their own mistakes . If the strategy sounds kind of familiar , that 's because it is .
Wall Street Wants Private Ownership of Public Wealth
As Detroit 's bankruptcy hearing continues , Syncora Holdings – which insured over $ 400 million in bonds of Detroit 's $ 12 billion in unsecured debt , amid the city 's $ 18 billion in total long-term debt – has been pressuring city officials for a bailout as a result of its failed gambling . Syncora wants the city to hand over additional public infrastructure like the tunnel from Detroit to Windsor , Ontario ; the Detroit Municipal Airport on the city 's East side ; and priceless pieces of cultural history at the Detroit Institute of Arts ( DIA ) . After being pressured for an exact number by bankruptcy judge Steven Rhodes , Syncora asserted it wants 75 cents on the dollar of Detroit 's debt .
Emergency Manager Kevyn Orr , who has sole legal authority over Detroit 's elected government in all financial decisions due to Gov . Rick Snyder 's emergency manager law , has crafted a restructuring plan called the “ Grand Bargain ” to preserve the DIA and soften the blow on retirees ' pensions . The deal includes a refinancing of $ 5.2 billion in debt for the Detroit Water and Sewage System ( DWSD ) , where $ 2 billion of that debt would be subject to full payment in order to lower the interest rate for the remaining $ 3.2 billion .
Critics of the deal allege the refinancing plan very closely resembles the $ 1.5 billion “ Certificates of Participation ” loan of 2005-06 , which Detroit defaulted on after the Wall Street crash of 2008 . This means if the $ 2 billion in water debt is n't immediately collected and given to creditors on Wall Street , the city will shut off water for even more of its downtrodden residents .
Internationally Condemned Water Shutoffs Continue
The DWSD resumed its controversial water shutoffs program in late August after initially backing down from the shutoffs in the wake of public outrage . Judge Rhodes endorsed the temporary halt to water shutoffs , saying they unnecessarily blemished Detroit 's reputation after they attracted international condemnation . Already , 17,000 residents have had their water turned off despite the U.N. reenforcing its position that water and sanitation are basic human rights that ca n't be denied due to lack of payment . Residents are calling for a moratorium to the shutoffs and reinstatement of a payment plan that never makes ratepayers give up more than 2 percent of their monthly income in water bills .
The DWSD is even shutting off water for ratepayers who have never missed a payment . One such payer is Antonio Wymes , owner of Brooks Barbershop on 19504 West 7 Mile Rd . Wymes made every water payment on time during the two years he 's owned the establishment . Yet the DWSD cut off Wymes 's water for an entire Friday during the busy back-to-school season because the neighbor with whom he shared his water line owed back payments .
“ You especially should n't cut somebody off if they do n't owe you . I do n't think they should cut anybody off , ” Wymes said .
Wymes is demanding the DWSD halt the water shutoffs and compensate his business for the day of lost revenue . To raise awareness about the injustices of the water shutoffs , Wymes is teaming up with the Detroit Water Brigade to provide 50 free back-to-school haircuts to neighborhood kids . Those interested in donating to the effort can click here .
“ It 's a human right for a person to have water , ” Wymes told the Detroit Water Brigade . “ People have to have water . If you do n't have water , you 're going to die . ”
Flooding Renews Talks of Water System Privatization
The $ 3.2 billion in remaining water debt may be given to the banks by privatizing Detroit 's “ blue infrastructure , ” like the sewage , storm water , drainage and municipal water systems . As I reported previously for Occupy.com , United Water , a subsidiary of France-based Suez , is eying a buyout of Detroit 's water infrastructure . Were the deal approved , the city of Detroit would become a customer of United Water , which would pay the city $ 47 million a year for 40 years . But flooding in mid-August is now bringing the privatization talks back to the forefront .
On August 11 and 12 , historic floods submerged major Detroit highways , destroyed homes , killed three people and almost completely shut down movement across the city . Retired workers from Detroit 's Wastewater Treatment Plant ( WWTP ) allege the flooding may have been contained were it not for the city 's mass layoffs of sewer maintenance workers .
“ Monies that should have been allocated to improvements in our infrastructure and helped employ people went to the banks in illegal deals instead , ” retired WWTP shift supervisor Bill Davis told Voice of Detroit . “ That $ 5 billion going to the banks under the bankruptcy plan should instead be going to the people , to rebuild our system . ”
The Failures of Privatization
Privatizing ownership of public infrastructure that residents depend upon has already proven to be a reckless policy . In 1979 , billionaire Manuel “ Matty ” Moroun bought the Ambassador Bridge for $ 30 million from a New York-based financier , making it the only privately-owned international border crossing in the United States . The bridge , built in 1929 , was never meant to take on 21st-century freight loads , and more than $ 120 billion in goods are trucked between the borders each year .
Moroun , who is in his eighties , has spent over $ 1 million fighting the governments of both Michigan and Ontario in court , attempting to stop the construction of a new jointly-financed , publicly-owned bridge . The Detroit River International Crossing ( DRIC ) would be a six-lane bridge that costs $ 4 billion to build over a five-year period . The U.S. State Department approved the new bridge in the spring of 2013 , and Canada has even offered to pay up to $ 550 million of the U.S. 's share of construction costs , to be recouped with tolls .
The DRIC would directly create 12,000 new jobs and is expected to create an additional 30,000 new jobs through increased economic activity . Moroun 's opposition is openly greed-based ; for years he acknowledged that his Ambassador Bridge was sufficient , then later said he would build a new bridge adjacent to it so he could still profit from his duty-free gas station on the other side of the border . Moroun wants to drive traffic to the duty-free station , where he would recoup 60 cents on the gallon in tax – even though customers would pay roughly the same price at the pump at other gas stations .
Detroiters who pay taxes and expect those dollars to go toward public services are instead seeing them go toward well-connected private interests . Mike Ilitch , owner of the Detroit Red Wings and the Detroit Tigers , made his fortune with Little Caesar 's pizza chain and is currently worth over $ 3 billion . But despite his immense wealth , he 's using his connections to divert over $ 280 million in tax-increment financing ( TIF ) meant for Detroit public schools and redirect it toward the new Red Wings stadium .
Ilitch used a similar scheme to secure $ 115 million of Detroit 's public money toward the building of Comerica Park , where the Tigers play . This same scheme recurred last year in Chicago when Mayor Rahm Emanuel cut over $ 300 million from city pensions to supplement an $ 800 million corporate subsidy slush fund that he uses primarily to benefit his campaign donors . Emanuel has allocated hundreds of millions in TIF money to bankroll a new football stadium for privately-owned Depaul University and a new Marriott hotel in Chicago 's South Loop .
Cities on the cusp of Detroit proper are also battling to hold on to their public assets . In Highland Park , a once-proud city that laid claim to the production of Ford 's Model T , blocks of streets , parks and homes today lie vacant and in severe disrepair . Highland Park High School , which was closed in 2012 , is now an empty shell operated by the Leona Group , a private charter school company . In a sad and ironic twist , the privately-owned youth rehabilitation organization Wolverine Human Services – which some Highland Parkers liken to little more than a privately-owned juvenile detention company – reportedly bid on the property to turn it into an institution that would house 1,500 youths . According to private security guards who greeted me at the door , Wolverine took a tour of the building , had investors lined up , but decided not to purchase the property at the last moment .
If Detroit 's bankruptcy results in more privatizing of public assets , similar patterns of greed , cronyism , decline and dysfunction will naturally follow . Detroit 's citizens will no longer own any public goods , but will become like serfs , subservient to a class of unaccountable corporate lords and the cronies in government who are sponsored by their campaign donations .
Stay tuned next week for Part II of this series , which puts the Detroit crisis in context with the legacy of bankruptcy , austerity and privatizations gripping South American and European countries .
All three levels of government meet Tuesday in Toronto to figure out ways to cool the red-hot real estate market in the region , where average home prices have shot up 33 per cent in a year .
Immediately after figures revealed the average home in the Greater Toronto Area cost $ 916,567 in March , Finance Minister Bill Morneau called for today 's meeting with his Ontario counterpart Charles Sousa , and Toronto Mayor John Tory .
The politicians are reacting to growing political pressure to make home ownership less of a pipe dream for young people in the GTA , where the average home now costs more than 12 times the average household 's gross annual income .
They 're considering a range of tactics they hope will bring supply and demand back into better balance , without hurting existing homeowners or bursting what some economists fear is a housing bubble .
All signs indicate that various levels of government will bring in multiple measures .
`` There is n't any one single thing a government can do to change a market dynamic , '' Premier Kathleen Wynne told reporters last week , promising a package of reforms , potentially before the April 27 provincial budget .
' I am concerned that dramatic price increases will have long-term implications for housing affordability and housing market stability , ' said federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau in calling today 's meeting about Toronto-area home prices . ( Nathan Denette/Canadian Press )
Here 's some of what 's being considered :
Tax measures targeting investors
There 's a growing sense home prices are being driven higher not by people who want to own a home to live in themselves , but by those buying property as a profit-making venture .
Charles Sousa says that in Toronto 's super-heated housing market , people with deep pockets are crowding out families 7:10
In a speech Thursday , Sousa pointed the finger at people with `` deep pockets ... crowding out families who are trying to put down roots . '' You can be certain that the province will push to impose tax changes that make speculating in residential real estate less profitable , levelling the playing field somewhat for first-time homebuyers .
Here are some measures that could be taken :
Foreign buyers tax : After initially ruling out a tax like the one British Columbia slapped on non-resident buyers of homes , the Ontario government put it back on the table . Sherry Cooper , the chief economist for Dominion Lending Centres , is all but certain the province will take this step `` because foreigners do n't vote . It 's an easy political move , '' she said in an interview with CBC News . There are no definitive numbers available on what proportion of real estate sales in the GTA go to foreigners , but there are indications it 's not insignificant .
: After initially ruling out a tax like the one British Columbia slapped on non-resident buyers of homes , the Ontario government put it back on the table . Sherry Cooper , the chief economist for Dominion Lending Centres , is all but certain the province will take this step `` because foreigners do n't vote . It 's an easy political move , '' she said in an interview with CBC News . There are no definitive numbers available on what proportion of real estate sales in the GTA go to foreigners , but there are indications it 's not insignificant . Flipping tax : Some economists believe a better tax to cool the market would target speculators who bid up the price of houses and condos with the intent of selling for a quick profit . Such a tax on those who sell after holding for only a short term would indeed make flipping more expensive . But some wonder what it would do to the supply of homes if it discourages an investor from putting the home back on the market quickly .
: Some economists believe a better tax to cool the market would target speculators who bid up the price of houses and condos with the intent of selling for a quick profit . Such a tax on those who sell after holding for only a short term would indeed make flipping more expensive . But some wonder what it would do to the supply of homes if it discourages an investor from putting the home back on the market quickly . Capital gains tax rate : Right now , an investor who sells off any residential real estate that is n't his or her primary residence pays capital gains tax on just 50 per cent of the profit . Sousa wants Morneau to boost that rate . Sousa made the request before Morneau tabled his budget , and even though Ottawa declined to make the move at the time , Sousa will continue to press his case . ( The sale of your primary residence is totally exempt from capital gains tax , and there is absolutely no move afoot to change that . )
The province may consider changing the rules on how would-be buyers bid on homes and condos in multiple-offer situations . ( Jae C. Hong/Associated Press )
Easing demand
Real estate bidding wars : Sousa appeared to make this an issue last week , with comments spiced with salty language . He declined to offer specifics about what he 's considering doing about bidding wars . Reporting by CBC-TV 's Marketplace showed how a lack of transparency in the bidding process can drive up prices and put some buyers at a disadvantage . Ontario allows real estate agents to represent both the seller and a bidder , something that 's banned in other provinces .
: Sousa appeared to make this an issue last week , with comments spiced with salty language . He declined to offer specifics about what he 's considering doing about bidding wars . Reporting by CBC-TV 's Marketplace showed how a lack of transparency in the bidding process can drive up prices and put some buyers at a disadvantage . Ontario allows real estate agents to represent both the seller and a bidder , something that 's banned in other provinces . Taxing vacant homes : This is a measure that Tory is pushing . It could have an impact on the rental market , by discouraging owners from merely sitting and waiting for the value of their property to rise every month . It 's not clear how it would cool bidding wars .
: This is a measure that Tory is pushing . It could have an impact on the rental market , by discouraging owners from merely sitting and waiting for the value of their property to rise every month . It 's not clear how it would cool bidding wars . End cheap credit for speculators : Those investors looking for huge returns in the real estate market are n't all doing it with their own cash . The rules could be tightened around loans offered to speculators
Politicians want to bring supply and demand back into better balance , without hurting existing homeowners or bursting what some economists fear is a housing bubble . ( CBC )
Boosting supply
Density rules and development approvals : There is some agreement that there are n't enough homes for sale , but disagreement about what 's to blame and how to fix it . Developers and some cities complain the province 's Growth Plan for the Greater Golden Horseshoe is too restrictive in demanding high-density developments instead of allowing more detached homes that buyers are craving . ( Wynne has hinted she is open to revisions ) . Others point the finger at municipalities for being too slow in approving developments , a process that can take 18 months .
: There is some agreement that there are n't enough homes for sale , but disagreement about what 's to blame and how to fix it . Developers and some cities complain the province 's Growth Plan for the Greater Golden Horseshoe is too restrictive in demanding high-density developments instead of allowing more detached homes that buyers are craving . ( Wynne has hinted she is open to revisions ) . Others point the finger at municipalities for being too slow in approving developments , a process that can take 18 months . Resale homes : Most of Toronto 's real estate sales involve existing homes rather than newly built ones . There 's evidence that owners have become more reluctant to put houses up for sale , choking the supply . The reasons why are up for debate : is it the costs involved in a sale , from lawyers ' fees to real-estate agent commissions ? Is it fear of being unable to find another place to live ? Is it simply they 're waiting because they think prices will keep rising even more ?
: Most of Toronto 's real estate sales involve existing homes rather than newly built ones . There 's evidence that owners have become more reluctant to put houses up for sale , choking the supply . The reasons why are up for debate : is it the costs involved in a sale , from lawyers ' fees to real-estate agent commissions ? Is it fear of being unable to find another place to live ? Is it simply they 're waiting because they think prices will keep rising even more ? Land supply : There is mixed evidence on this . Some say more land needs to be made available for housing development , or others say there 's plenty . Wynne has ruled out opening the green belt protected area to build housing .
Morneau 's meeting with Sousa and Tory is scheduled for Tuesday afternoon . It 's not clear whether there will be any moves announced immediately afterward .
Why the Resistance Should Make Virginia 's 2017 Elections The Next Front .
Flipping the Virginia House of Delegates will send a message to Trump and Republicans everywhere
Tom Perriello Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 2 , 2017
The recent–and now repeated–defeat of efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act have been an epic victory for the progressive forces resisting Donald Trump , both here in Virginia and across the country . Like many , I believe 33 million Americans have secure healthcare today because so many people of conscience rose up , marched , protested , made phone calls , and refused to tire of the fight . The message was clear : the Resistance can stop the Trump agenda .
The next question is this : will resistance energy translate into electoral victories up and down the ballot ? Fortunately , we do n't have to wait until the 2018 midterms to find out . We have a chance this November 7th to flip control of the Virginia House of Delegates . Along with three crucial statewide races ( Governor , Lt Gov , and AG ) , these delegate contests offer a dress rehearsal for 2018 with real consequences . It is a chance to show that activist opposition to Donald Trump can be channeled into victories at the polls .
The Resistance has already made a major impact on these races . With Republicans controlling the chamber 66–34 , we need another 17 seats to take the majority . Four years ago , more than half of Republican incumbents had no Democratic challenger . This year , we 're fielding candidates in 88 of the 100 seats , including all 51 won by Hillary Clinton in 2016 . Over half of the new challengers are women , over 25 percent candidates of color , five from the LGBTQ community , and nearly a dozen millennials .
We are also seeing a preview of how divided the Republican Party has become . In their Virginia gubernatorial primary , Ed Gillespie , one of DC 's most successful corporate lobbyists , barely eked out the nomination over neo-Confederate Trump clone Corey Stewart . The primary also showed Democrats have an enthusiasm advantage , as nearly 50 percent more votes were cast for our party in the gubernatorial race , including more for the Democrats ' runner-up than the Republican victor .
But these Republican delegates are not just at risk because of Trump . They are at risk because every single one of them voted repeatedly to block Medicaid expansion that would provide coverage to 400,000 struggling Virginians ( and reduce premiums on the middle class ) . Year after year , they have passed dozens of attacks on equality , women 's rights and the environment . And cycle after cycle , they have faced little challenge , hiding behind radically gerrymandered district maps .
But this year is different . Not only do we have great candidates , but we have new technologies and tactics , including strong Virginia advocacy groups ( New Virginia Majority , Progress VA ) combined with new activist chapters ( Flippable , Sister District , Indivisible ) . That energy is why I recently joined Win Virginia ( WinVA ) , a Political Action Committee dedicated to taking back the Virginia legislature . Our goal at WinVA is to expand the map and support candidates across the Commonwealth , from the must-wins to the long shots . This fall we will provide direct support to candidates , contribute to the House Democratic Caucus , and build and curate innovative technology to help candidates run effective campaigns so our next governor , Ralph Northam , has a Democratic House majority to support his progressive agenda .
Winning in Virginia has huge implications for those living on this side of the Potomac , but the results will also be felt across the river at the Capitol . Republicans in Congress right now are asking which political future is scarier–one where they upset their radicalized base or one where they upset the growing coalition of those determined to stop the Trump agenda . They are asking whether all of this resistance is going to translate into a different political reality next year . If we can change the map in Virginia this year , we will have created a path to victory for 2018 .
I hope you 'll join me by donating to WinVA to support the activists , organizers and candidates working to flip the House of Delegates into Democratic hands .
FRANKFURT/BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Thrusters intended to slow a European lander as it neared Mars on Wednesday fired for less time than expected before contact with the vehicle was lost , leaving scientists uncertain whether it touched down safely or broke apart .
An illustration released by the European Space Agency ( ESA ) shows the Schiaparelli EDM lander . A European space lander reached Mars on October 19 , 2016 in what scientists hope will mark a major milestone in exploration of the Red Planet , but whether it touched down on the surface in good working condition was far from certain . ESA/ATG medialab/Handout via REUTERS
The Schiaparelli probe , part of a broader mission to search for evidence of life on the Red Planet , was to test technologies during the descent and on the surface for a rover scientists hope to send to Mars in 2020 .
Its descent marked only the second European attempt to land a craft on Mars , but it has shown no signs of life since it stopped transmitting around 50 seconds before Wednesday 's planned touchdown .
“ We 've had two over flights ( by Mars orbiters ) and there was no signal , ” the European Space Agency 's ( ESA ) Spacecraft Operations Manager Andrea Accomazzo told journalists on Thursday .
The disc-shaped 577-kg ( 1,272 lb ) Schiaparelli is part of the Russian-European ExoMars program that is seeking signs of life .
The primary part of the mission this year , bringing the Schiaparelli lander 's mothership into orbit around Mars , was meanwhile a success .
That craft , called Trace Gas Orbiter , will use an atmospheric probe to sniff out methane and other gases around Mars linked to organic life . It will also act as a data relay station for the rover , which is due to follow in 2020 .
Landing on Mars , Earth 's neighbor and at its closest some 35 million miles ( 56 million km ) away , is a notoriously difficult task that has thwarted most Russian efforts and given NASA trouble as well .
The U.S. space agency had a setback of its own on Wednesday . Its Juno spacecraft lost its main computer and science instruments shortly before it was due to make an orbital pass near Jupiter , scuttling highly anticipated close-up observations of the largest planet in the solar system .
LAST FEW SECONDS
Schiaparelli is supposed to test new technologies for a rover that will be the first with the ability to both move across the surface of Mars and drill into the ground to collect and analyze samples .
Scientists said they had received data from the lander covering its entry into the Martian atmosphere and the deployment of its heat shield and parachute , which were designed to slow it from a speed of 21,000 km per hour .
But its thrusters appeared to have fired for only a few seconds , much shorter than expected , and scientists are not sure how far off the ground Schiaparelli was when they shut off .
“ We need to understand what happened in the last few seconds before the planned landing , ” said David Parker , ESA 's Director of Human Spaceflight and Robotic Exploration .
Scientists will analyze all the data received so far , and also still hope to re-establish contact with the lander before its batteries run out in a few days .
Britain 's Beagle 2 never made contact after being sent down by the Mars Express spacecraft in 2003 and failing to deploy its solar panels on landing .
Mars 's hostile environment has not detracted from its allure , with U.S. President Barack Obama recently highlighting his pledge to send people to the surface by the 2030s .
Slideshow ( 5 Images )
Entrepreneur Elon Musk 's SpaceX is developing a massive rocket and capsule to transport large numbers of people and cargo to Mars with the ultimate goal of colonizing the planet .
ESA astronaut Alexander Gerst , who is set to become the first German commander of the International Space Station in 2018 , said the ExoMars mission would provide important clues on what conditions the first humans traveling to Mars would face .
“ Eventually , though , we will need to go there ourselves as scientists to find out what is there , ” he told Reuters TV late on Wednesday .
Scientific research is often slow , tedious , and unpredictable . But still .
At this point , you 'd think we 'd be able to do better than the Roomba , an appliance mostly used to produce cat videos on YouTube . You 'd think we could cobble together something like Rosie from The Jetsons , a robot that carries your bag for you , brings you coffee , or just gives you directions . Computer science professor Peter Stone 's team thinks you may not have to wait much longer .
“ We just submitted a paper related to this task , ” Stone says , sitting in his neat , new office in the Bill & Melinda Gates Computer Science Complex , just past the indoor robot soccer field , “ to have a robot greet you at the front door , ” he continues , “ and ask you where you 're trying to get to , and to give you some guidance. ” Now that 's more like it .
Stone 's “ robots for everyone ” project , part of the College of Natural Science 's Freshman Research Initiative , has big ambitions . From freshmen to PhD candidates , the project gives researchers a sandbox to try out new ideas in robotics , from gesture recognition to navigating in three dimensions . The plan is to have the robots roam freely around the Gates Complex , helping students , staff , and visitors with simple tasks . An open-ended project , Stone 's group is looking to see what they can do with these helper bots—and see how people naturally interact with them .
The project is still looking for funding , but the team is already digging into their research . In a glass-walled room across from his office sits the physical embodiment of Stone 's electronic testing ground . In the brightly lit lab , a student is fiddling with one of the early models . It looks like an old boom box with wheels .
Clearly , they 're not building Terminators yet , but they are hoping to answer a lot of questions . What does it take for a robot to respond to voice commands ? To recognize a familiar face ? Or find its way home ?
When I ask him how useful robots can be in everyday life , Stone reminds me of the ( possibly apocryphal ) quote from former IBM CEO Thomas Watson . “ I think there is a world market for maybe five computers , ” the future supercomputer namesake allegedly said . As Stone spoke , I counted at least three computers in the room , including the one in my pocket . Could robots become household fixtures , too ?
“ We still have n't figured out what the great uses are going to be for them , ” he says . But that 's exactly the point . Give the robots some basic skills , turn them loose , and most importantly , see how people use them .
“ No one 's going to be inspired by a robot that 's just out there doing nothing , ” Stone says.–A.R .
Dan Ariely : Employees Want Compliments More than Pizza , or Cash
by : Ilana Strauss share :
Surprisingly , using money to motivate your employees may be having the opposite effect . Instead , try a slice of pizza . ( Photo : Syda Productions/Shutterstock )
It 's hard to turn down a gooey slice of fresh , hot pizza . But who would have imagined that offering employees said cheesy delight is more effective at boosting their productivity than a bonus of cold , hard cash ?
Dan Ariely , for one .
Ariely is the James B. Duke Professor of Psychology and Behavioral Economics at Duke University and author of many books including “ Irrationally Yours , ” “ Predictably Irrational ” and “ The Upside of Irrationality. ” He recently demonstrated that you might be better off offering your employees pizza — or even a compliment — rather than paying them a bonus .
He tested the idea on a team at the Intel office in Israel . Intel had a reward system in place : Managers told workers how much to produce , minimum , per day . Staffers who exceeded the target received $ 30 bonuses .
It seemed like a logical plan — until Ariely and his team stepped in to figure out whether the bonuses were actually motivating employees .
“ Usually , when we propose testing whether a company 's existing approach truly produces the outcome its leaders expect , we do n't encounter much enthusiasm , ” Ariely wrote in his forthcoming book “ Payoff : The Hidden Logic That Shapes Our Motivations. ” “ But , in this case , the Intel managers embraced the idea . ”
Their reaction encouraged the researchers to try an experiment . “ What if , rather than giving some employees a financial reward , we promised to deliver a delicious , family-sized pizza to their homes ? ” asked Ariely . “ This way , we argued , we not only would give them a gift , but we would also make them heroes in the eyes of their families . ”
The researchers tested giving the employees nothing , giving them cash bonuses and giving them pizza vouchers — which Ariely conceded were not as good as actual pizza . The researchers also tried having bosses send text messages to employees saying , “ Well done ! ”
What do you think worked best ? Ariely put this question to some HR managers , who put their money on cash , followed by pizza . Compliments , the managers assumed , would come in third , and the workers receiving nothing would be the least productive .
The managers had it backwards . The compliments and vouchers both led to more productivity than cash on the first day . As the week wore on , something even stranger happened : The employees who received cash started being less productive than all the other groups , including the one receiving no reward .
“ It was as if they were saying to themselves , ‘ Yesterday they paid me a bit extra , so I worked harder . But today they are n't offering me anything special , so I do n't care ' , ” Ariely wrote .
Equally surprising : Employees who received compliments were the most productive of all .
“ 'Look , ” Ariely 's team told Intel executives , “ you thought that the monetary bonus would boost performance . But the data shows that performance actually declined . You ended up paying a bonus and getting worse performance . ”
Ariely then suggested executives let him test whether bonuses for executives worked just as poorly . The executives were not amused .
So , there you have it . If you want to motivate your employees , you 're better off offering them pizza than cash . And if you want to save money , there 's nothing like a compliment to make an employee want to continue to impress you .
Of course , Ariely , ever committed to the pizzas , remains hopeful that cheesy dishes could be even more inspiring than compliments . “ I suspect that if we offered a real pizza with a crispy crust and the smell of baked dough and melted cheese , we would have seen an effect similar to that of the compliment condition , ” he wrote .
Aug 22 , 2014 - DeeJ
This week at Bungie , we entered the home stretch .
Have we said that before ? Feels like it . The development of Destiny has been a race with many milestones . All along the way , there was always a feeling that this team was sprinting from one finish line to the next . Another new build . A live fire exercise with friends and family . A mass public showcase .
Now , we 're very close to launch – the final weeks . This next milestone carries a heavier weight of finality . Destiny is Gold . Discs are being pressed and packed into crates . Destiny is done , in some respects . Even now , so close to the end , it still feels like we 're just getting started .
Have we said that before , too ? As the saying goes : This is not even our final form . Though Destiny may be basking in the gold light of release , we 're already looking ahead to the next milestone , and the next one after that .
So , the launch of Destiny on September 9th is an end , but it is also a beginning . How we 'll keep things lively on the frontier is a longer conversation – the sort of thing you could base an entire discussion around – a conversation that we hope is long and fruitful and just getting started in its own right .
One last stop before we go .
We 've been just about everywhere to talk about Destiny . Strangely enough , we have yet to make a proper show of it in our own back yard . Next weekend , we plan to make up for that .
Ah , PAX . The Seattle Convention Center is an intimate venue . We 're looking forward to stepping out of the limelight and into something a little more subdued . Something small and quiet . In years past , you might have found us shaking hands and brandishing prop weapons in the sculpture garden . Maybe you ended up on a romantic rooftop with us , chatting and checking out one of Seattle 's legendary late summer skyboxes . This time , we 're settling down for a proper panel discussion .
Design Lead Luke Smith will be moderating a conversation about boosting Destiny into orbit , and keeping it there for the months and years that follow . Technical Art Director Ryan Ellis will provide a look back at how we built these brave new worlds . Design Lead M.E . Chung and Engineering Lead Luke Timmins will contribute a look forward at how we intend to keep those worlds alive with action and danger and rewards . We 'll be talking about the journey we 've completed , and christen the one that we 're about to begin with you .
If you think you might visit our chat at PAX , make sure you wear something nice . If you come dressed as a character from Destiny , we might draft you into service with our honor guard . If you need some inspiration , we 've got you covered . If you need some help , or just want to tell us to keep an eye out for you , we 've set up a group for you to use . We 're assembling Fireteams to keep watch over the event .
Step forth and be counted .
Launch Preparedness .
So what 's left to do ? Good pre-flight is all about checklists . Let 's count down some of the things that will happen between now and launch . Check out the roster of needful things , sorted in chronological order . There are some boxes for you to check as well .
Today , two volunteer forces that call Bungie.net home will be recruiting new members . The Ninjas and the Mentors both make the health of our community their personal responsibility . They have their own missions and their own leadership . They have selected their reinforcements through due process and fierce debate . Could it be that you were chosen to answer their call ? Check your inbox . They are now free to transmit the old Accept/Reject query .
This weekend , we 're going to start testing the launch version of Destiny . We know you 'd love to help , but this golden moment is meant for us alone . Do n't be too jealous , because we 'll wipe our Guardians one more time before you get to meet them . Ogle our activity status all you like , but please understand that we 're preparing the launch pad for you in private .
Several times before Day One , we 'll update Bungie.net so that it can serve as the philosophical center of the City . If you intend to play Destiny , you 'll want to link your gaming account to a login here . If you 're already linked up , you 're golden . If you 're so hardcore that you 've chosen a team…
Clan members will need to reaffirm their allegiance after September 9th . We 're not breaking up Clans – just severing their ties to the Beta . Once Destiny launches , your ranks will need to reset a Group as their Clan . Oaths you have taken will be taken again .
We mentioned PAX . We 'll be around . Catch us if you can . Wear a carnation , or a sick helmet . See you in one week .
Watch this space for updates . There are fun stunts in the works , but nothing solid enough to describe yet . We still need for people to review this game , and cast their expert score in stone . That 's not likely to happen until they see how the launch goes . Destiny is not just a game , it 's a shared journey . To judge that , it will need to begin . As you take your first steps into the Tower , many eyes will be watching . Make us look good !
Perhaps you 'll even be invited to come and hang with us as the real fun begins . Yes , you .
The Bucket stops here .
The blood of the Internet can run ice cold at times . Lately , though , it has flowed from warmed hearts . You got ta hand it to the people at the ALS Association . They put a great cause in all of our crosshairs and cooled off a bunch of cyber-hotheads in the process .
It 's our turn . Thanks for calling us… uhh , the Ghost out , Curposmen . We 're paying it forward . Even in the midst of standing up a rocket and prepping it to fly , there 's always time for the people on our team to make the world a more hopeful place by extracting some love from our game .
Of course , this stunt is being followed up by donations from Bungie . If you 're a member of the Bungie Community , you have yet to be singled out , and if you want to , feel free to post a self-dousing to celebrate your own contribution in the comments below . Or , help yourself to something in the Bungie Store . From now until launch , we 're sharing the proceeds with people who are making a difference .
Of course , you should also feel free to donate directly at alsa.org . No brain freeze required .
Last week , there were so many reasons why postal service was interrupted . We were in the throes of jet lag and surrounded by more than three hundred thousand of the freshest smelling fans we 've ever met . I celebrated my fake birthday with shrimp and sparklers . US Customs once again decided that they needed to spend some quality time with the soft contents of my luggage ( in truth that looked a lot worse on Twitter than it actually was ) . Sometimes , you just ca n't find the time to open the Sack . This is not one of those times .
Regretful 123 How goes the trip in Germany ? Learn anything new ? What experience can you tell us about your wild adventure to the other side of the world ?
Germany is awesome , and so was gamescom . You always learn something when you meet amazing people from all over the world who love games .
The booth team of gamescom Mentors really found their stride . At E3 , we had Bungie guys and some highly-trusted guest Speakers from the community to usher the world into the Destiny arena . In Köln , we threw a bunch of locals into the mix that handled the Crucible . We had never met them , but they had proven themselves in the Beta . From there , the Vanguard/Recruit relationship bloomed in many languages as thousands of Guardians stood in line to prove themselves . Kinda blows your mind when you lose control of an event like that and Destiny just flows between new friends in a chance encounter .
Squishie1984 Can you tell us about the possibility of another class/subclass ?
You have yet to maximize your first sub-class . We have yet to even let you try a second one . Ask us again once you have mastered the six classes that you 'll have access to in Destiny , and we 'll show what we learned while we watched you do it .
SUDDOTH2 Will Changing my Gamertag after the beta is over affect my Emblem that I get for playing ?
I asked The Wolf . He said :
`` Changing my Gamertag '' can mean two different things . If you use the Xbox Live feature to rename your Gamertag and keep the account , you 're all set . If you link your Bungie.net login to a different Xbox Live account , your Beta reward wo n't persist .
The Wolf never lies . Do n't swap ‘ em out . Your gaming account is your connection to your Guardian , be it a Gamertag or a PSN ID . Nurture , defend , and honor your logins .
ComedyGamerBen Anything news-wise coming up about the Reef ?
In less than three weeks , you 'll be welcome to all the news from the Reef that you can discover for yourself . I ai n't saying a damn thing about the story until then , and that 's a promise .
ninjadragonkllr What time will the servers be open for the public in North America and worldwide ?
When it is September 9th somewhere in the world , and you have access to your very own version of Destiny , it will be time for you to create a character that will keep you company for a good , long time . Retailers will stick to time-zones . Our servers wo n't know the difference . Retailers will break street date . Our servers wo n't .
Isaac Andrews Will you make Sparrow races ?
We 've made a game that can be whatever you want it to be . Will you make Sparrow races ? Some Gunslingers I know cobbled together a tour back in Halo 2 with nothing but some gentlemen 's agreements and a few course marshals with sniper rifle scopes for spotting the race . We 'll be watching you , to see how you spend your time in this brave new world . The ways in which you surprise us will spark the inspiration that leads to innovation .
BG gamer What do those cool looking trading cards do for the full game ?
You 'll find out before the launch of Destiny . Bungie.net was updated earlier today . Like the new navs ? We 'll update it again before launch . Busy , busy , busy… Once the cards are in play , we 'll direct you to the proper table .
Zokz18 Will [ Destiny special events ] work like they did in the Beta when you opened the doors for the Iron Banner for two hours ?
No ! The Beta was all about driving traffic toward the game at key moments . Those brief and urgent flash mobs of violence and glory were what we needed to test our spine .
Next time , the Banner will fly for longer . Everyone will have a chance to rally to its call .
XxMrHollywood Will the clan member cap remain at 75 ?
How does 100 sound ? We want clans to be like tribes or teams or any other unit where everyone knows everyone and they 're all aiming at the same target . If you want to stitch together a larger force with a common vibe , we 're giving you the ties you need to unite your clans . Have a ball with that . Think of it as a way to give your huge clan some specialized squads with their own sub-forum .
We 'll hunt through these alliances week after week in search of heroes .
Im SteelAssassn In what ways can we expect clans to interact within the game ?
We hope they 'll band together to tackle everything that Destiny has to offer . Clans can build their strength by outfitting their members with what they need to kick ass in every mode . That will mean sharing activities . That will mean playing games . We need clans to bring this new world alive and infuse it with some culture and civilization .
We hope Clans will have storied collisions in competitive matchmaking . It would be awesome if they were known to many people , instead of just each other . Clans can set a great example for lone wolves who are n't sure about adding a team name to their nameplate .
The very best Clans will be the ones that can meet every challenge in Destiny . They will be the most vivid warriors out there in the wild . Destiny will serve up achievements that only Clans will be able to claim .
nickelinch Will we be able to travel directly from one location to another without going to orbit ?
Bill Nye the Science Guy would tell you no . Neil deGrasse Tyson would probably back him up . Stephen Hawking might start talking about point-to-point wormholes , but Leonard Nimoy is alive to remind him that such things are not logical . Orbit is an inescapable wonder of space travel . Enjoy the view .
Jackbandit Is it going to be possible to trade items in the full game ?
Only with your enemies . Trade your ammo for their loot . You know the best way to deliver ammo to a Cabal Centurian ? You 'll figure it out , and it 's tons of fun .
As for swapping irons in the Tower ? Nope . We want you to earn ‘ em . You should be able to tell a badass story for every sweet jewel in your arsenal . Once you earn them , the various Guardians under your account will be able to trade them , but weapons belong to the players who acquire them through action and bravery .
We hope you enjoyed this Weekly Update . There are only two more for you to read before you can play Destiny . Think on that . We 'll be sweeping up the dance floors in the Tower until then .
Two . More . Updates .
Shannon Stapleton/Reuters
The billionaire investor Steven A. Cohen and his hedge fund , SAC Capital Advisors , are again in the spotlight over insider trading crimes committed by former employees .
Jon Horvath , a onetime technology industry analyst at SAC , pleaded guilty on Friday to insider trading a month before his scheduled trial . He is the fourth former SAC employee to admit to illegal trading while employed at the fund , which manages $ 14 billion . SAC has been a focus of federal authorities since the government began its crackdown on insider trading at hedge funds five years ago .
The admission by Mr. Horvath , who entered his guilty plea in Federal District Court in Manhattan , increases the pressure on the co-defendants in his case : Anthony Chiasson , who was a co-founder of Level Global Investors , and Todd Newman , a portfolio manager at Diamondback Capital Management .
Federal prosecutors contend they were part of a seven-person conspiracy — a “ circle of friends ” — that earned about $ 62 million in illegal gains trading on secret tips from executives at publicly traded technology companies . Mr. Horvath , 42 , is the fifth person to plead guilty and cooperate with the government . Several of the cooperators are expected to testify against Mr. Chiasson and Mr. Newman at their trial , which is set for Oct. 29 .
Mr. Horvath 's guilty plea also puts the focus on another SAC trader . Michael Steinberg , who supervised Mr. Horvath at SAC , emerged as an unindicted co-conspirator in the case last week .
During his court appearance on Friday , Mr. Horvath said that he obtained confidential information about the technology companies Dell and Nvidia and then “ provided the information to the portfolio manager I worked for and we executed the trades based on that information. ” That portfolio manager is Mr. Steinberg , according to two people with direct knowledge of the matter who requested anonymity .
Mr. Steinberg , 40 , is one of Mr. Cohen 's longtime lieutenants , having worked at SAC since 1997 . Barry H. Berke , a lawyer representing Mr. Steinberg , declined to comment .
“ Until today , Mr. Horvath maintained he had not violated the law and we gave him the benefit of the presumption of innocence , ” said Jonathan Gasthalter , an SAC spokesman . “ We are disappointed and angered to learn Mr. Horvath admittedly violated the law and SAC 's policies forbidding insider trading . We expect our employees to have integrity , play by the rules and follow the letter and spirit of the law . ”
Steven R. Peikin , a lawyer for Mr. Horvath , declined to comment . John A. Nathanson , a lawyer for Mr. Newman , and Gregory Morvillo , a lawyer for Mr. Chiasson , also declined to comment .
Though he has not been charged in the case , Mr. Steinberg is now the fifth employee or former employee of SAC tied to insider trading while at the fund . Last year , two former SAC portfolio managers — Donald Longueuil and Noah Freeman — admitted to trading on illegal tips about publicly traded technology companies . Mr. Longueuil is serving a two-and-a-half-year jail term at a federal prison in Otisville , N.Y. ; Mr. Freeman , who is cooperating with prosecutors , has yet to be sentenced .
Jonathan Hollander , a former SAC analyst , paid more than $ 220,000 to settle civil charges brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission accusing him of trading in his personal account on confidential information about the takeover of the Albertsons grocery store chain .
A number of Mr. Horvath 's co-conspirators also have deep SAC connections . Mr. Chiasson left SAC to co-found Level Global , which closed last year . Mr. Newman 's fund , Diamondback , was started by SAC alumni , including Mr. Cohen 's brother-in-law , Richard Schimel . Diamondback remains in business , and Mr. Schimel has not been implicated in the case .
Mr. Cohen and SAC have not been accused of wrongdoing . The fund , based in Stamford , Conn. with about 1,000 employees , has a 20-year track record that is one of the best investment records in the hedge fund industry . The fund is up about 8 percent year-to-date .
SAC has an unconventional structure . Unlike other hedge fund managers who make all the investment decisions , Mr. Cohen manages less than 10 percent of the fund 's money , distributing the rest to about 140 small teams . It is a high-pressure culture where Mr. Cohen will reward teams that perform well with increased allocations , while underperformers can get cut back or lose their jobs . The more money a team manages , the greater its potential earnings .
His success as a stock picker has made Mr. Cohen , 56 , one of the richest people in the country , with a net worth of $ 8.8 billion , according to Forbes magazine . He has also minted a stable of multimillionaires ; in profitable years , top traders at SAC have earned tens of millions of dollars .
Mr. Horvath , a Swedish citizen who now resides in San Francisco , faces a maximum prison sentence of 45 years , though he is expected to receive far less . He also could face deportation after serving time .
The charges against Mr. Horvath are part of a vast crackdown on insider trading by federal authorities in Manhattan that has yielded prosecutions of 72 people , 69 of which have resulted in convictions .
At some time or another every soccer coach is likely to bemoan their team 's struggle to communicate both on and off the field . One way an effective coach can address this struggle is to try to identify the personality of their team , the “ environmental ” factors that influence that personality and then to map out a strategy to improve the skill of team communication .
To a large extent most teams , regardless of their competitive level , are social groups .
The group may rely on one or two powerful individuals who are very vocal , can lead , to good or bad outcomes , and who overpower the majority with their presence . Or the group may be one that has a collection of individuals all trying to establish “ roles ” within the group and , as such , no single voice , or indeed any voice , really comes to the forefront . Or the group comes collectively from another social environment , such as the same school , and socially can not “ shut up ” , but fail to communicate in a performance setting for fear of damaging friendships .
Some of the “ environmental ” factors that can externally impact a group 's dynamic could be , among others ;
• Sideline behavior by coaches or fans
• The pressure of the competitive level
• The attitude of the opposition
• Various parenting inputs
• Fatigue
• Educational experiences of the players
So the coach has to see how the team actually communicates and has to assess why that maybe the case . At this point the coach can then employ some general and ultimately specifically contextual strategies to improve effective team communication .
1 . Empowerment
Players have to plainly feel that they are encouraged to communicate and that they are free to do so within reasonable guidelines , e.g . appropriate language , etc . Just as we want the players to have the ability to see a variety of choices in the game and then decide what to do so they need to feel able to make choices and decisions when it comes to communication .
2 . Implementation of specific training activities
There are many training games that place a specific challenge on the player 's communication skills and to be successful in require them to be vocal . Possession games that employ three teams , with two working together against one and then switching up as the ball is turned over is a good example of a game the players need to talk in . See the attached game that is highly recommended if the coach is willing to be patient and really challenge the players .
3 . Use of captains or leadership groups
For both on and off field purposes identifying individuals who are effective communicators within the group and have the respect of the group is a skill for a coach . Some coaches prefer to use a single captain , others will share the role . Also using off field “ captains ” for each class within a college or HS team can share the load of communication and foster understanding and dialogue that may be carried over to the field .
4 . Self-awareness of the coach
A natural response to a team struggling to communicate is to do it for them . In the short term this can be effective , but long term it is not teaching the players to communicate and it is a role for the coach at odds with evaluating and assessing performance . A coach should be conscious when they are “ supplementing ” the communication that the team needs to be making and to do so only for the long term development of the players .
5 . Self-awareness of the fans
Be it a youth or high school environment or even in college the coach can find ways to share with parents and fans the types of support they hope to see . Parent and fan support that lapses into giving direct instruction is distracting for players and often at odds with the coach 's direction . Also anytime the sideline behavior is more of a spectacle than the game itself is not going to help players flourish physically and cognitively in the game .
6 . Fostering an environment where all players and staff have value
The environment in a healthy team should always be fair , though not necessarily equal . A four year starter and captain in a HS has earned some consideration that perhaps a frosh on the team has not . Still the coach must be sure to express the value of everyone in the group and to value their contribution . Along with empowerment this expression of value is likely to encourage players to be comfortable expressing themselves .
7 . Creating a unique team vocabulary
Much as a team has certain tactics and strategies and approaches to set plays it practices and holds unique to the group so can be the case for a vocabulary . For example with the 6 and under players with a good set up story , “ peanut butter ” could mean spread out . For a HS team “ locking in ” an opponent will mean to deny an opponent getting out their final third , but the actual execution will be unique to the team . If the coach and players establish these key words or phrases it can greatly assist communication and understanding .
Certainly a team that is not effectively communicating on and/or the field can frustrate a coach . It often can become an excuse for a coach when performances lack . Rather than excuse though the coach should find the reason for the weakness understand it and train addressing it . Good luck in training and games this season .
If you enjoyed the 7 Tips For Encouraging Soccer Team Communication then let us know w hat your # 1 coaching struggle is by commenting below…
Article By :
Ian Barker
Director of Coaching Eduction for the NSCAA
20-year-old Bryan Canchola is already facing a murder charge in the death of his boyfriend , 18-year-old Stephen Sylvester . Now Canchola faces another charge -- animal cruelty -- for allegedly strangling Sylvester 's dog , a Yorkshire Terrier named Harlow.Austin Police sergeant Jerry Bauzon spoke on the murder this past Monday , describing how the two came home to their apartment after a night of drinking . Then he said Canchola got violent . `` The roommate stated that around 4:13 a.m. he heard a culmination of screaming , shouting and banging , '' Bauzon said.Bauzon said the roommate also heard Harlow yelping and Sylvester yelling for Canchola to let the dog go . Then the roommate forced into the couple 's room and tried to stop the fight , which led the dog to run from the room . At that point Sylvester was bleeding from the back of his head.The roommate took Sylvester to the hospital , and as they left the roommate says Canchola threatened to kill Sylvester 's dog.After Sylvester was pronounced dead and Canchola taken away for questioning , a search warrant was obtained for the couple 's apartment . The detective searching the apartment located Harlow in the roommate 's bedroom . He noticed the dog appeared injured , with bloodshot eyes and trouble swallowing.Animal Control removed Harlow from the apartment and took her to Austin Animal Center . An examination revealed hemorrhaging in both of her eyes , an injury consistent with being strangled.Last week , Harlow was picked up from Austin Animal Center by one of Sylvester 's family members and is under the care of a veterinarian . Canchola now faces a cruelty to non-livestock animals charge along with a first-degree murder charge .
At DockYard , we transitioned our backend development from Ruby and Rails to Elixir and Phoenix once it became clear that Phoenix better served our clients needs to take on the modern web . As we 've seen , Phoenix is Not Rails , but we borrow some of their great ideas . We were also delighted to give back in the other direction when Rails announced that Rails 5.0 would be shipping with Action Cable – a feature that takes inspiration from Phoenix Channels .
Now that Rails 5.0 has been released , we have clients with existing Rails stacks asking if they should use Action Cable for their real-time features , or jump to Phoenix for more reliable and scalable applications . When planning architecture decisions , in any language or framework , you should always take measurements to prove out your assumptions and needs . To measure how Phoenix channels and Action Cable handle typical application work-flows , we created a chat application in both frameworks and stressed each through varying levels of workloads .
How the tests were designed
For our measurements , we used the tsung benchmarking client to open WebSocket connections to each application . We added XML configuration to send specific Phoenix and Rails protocol messages to open channels on the established connection and publish messages . For hardware , we used two Digital Ocean 16GB , 8-core instances for the client and server .
The work-flows for each tsung client connection were as follows :
open a WebSocket connection to the server
create a single channel subscription on the connection , to a chat room chosen at random
Periodically send a message to the chat room , randomly once every 10s-60s to simulate messaging across members in the room
On the server , the channel code for Rails and Phoenix is quite simple :
defmodule Chat.RoomChannel do use Chat.Web , : channel def join ( `` room : '' < > _id , _params , socket ) do { : ok , socket } end def handle_in ( `` publish_msg '' , % { `` body '' = > body , `` user '' = > user } , socket ) do broadcast ! ( socket , `` new_message '' , % { body : body , user : user } ) { : reply , : ok , socket } end end
class RoomsChannel < ApplicationCable : :Channel def subscribed @ topic = `` rooms : # { rand ( 1 .. 8 ) } '' stream_from @ topic end def publish_msg ( data ) ActionCable.server.broadcast ( @ topic , body : data [ `` body '' ] , username : data [ `` username '' ] , started : data [ `` started '' ] ) end end
After establishing N numbers of rooms , with varying numbers of users per room , we measured each application 's responsiveness . We tested performance by joining a random room from the browser and timing the broadcasts from our local browser to all members in the room . As we increased the numbers of users per room , we measured the change in broadcast latency . We recorded short clips of each application 's behavior under different loads .
This simulates a “ chat app ” , but the work-flow applies equally to a variety of applications ; real-time updates to visitors reading articles , streaming feeds , collaborative editors , and so on . As we evaluate the results , we 'll explore how the numbers relate to different kinds of applications .
Rails Memory Leaks
After creating the Rails chat application , setting up redis , and deploying the application to our instance , we immediately observed a memory leak in the application that was visible just by refreshing a browser tab and watching the memory grow ; to never be freed . The following recording shows this in action ( sped up 10x ) :
We searched recently reported bugs around this area , and found an issue related to Action Cable failing to call socket.close when cleaning up connections . This patch has been applied to the 5-0-stable branch , so we updated the app to the unreleased branch and re-ran the tests . The memory leak persisted .
We have n't yet isolated the source of the leak , but given the simplicity of the channel code , it must be within the Action Cable stack . This leak is particularly concerning since Rails 5.0 has been released for some time now and the 5-0-stable branch itself has unreleased memory leak patches going back greater than 30 days .
Scalability
We set the memory leak issue aside and proceeded with our tests for the following scenarios :
Max numbers of rooms supported by a single server , with 50 users per room
Max numbers of rooms supported by a single server , with 200 users per room
Note : For Phoenix , for every scenario we maxed the client server 's ability to open more WebSocket connections , giving us 55,000 users to simulate for our tests . Browser - > Server latency should also be considered when evaluating broadcast latency in these tests .
50 users per room
Rails : 50 rooms , 2500 users :
Responsiveness was speedy at 50 rooms , so we upped the room count to 75 , giving us 3750 users .
Rails : 75 rooms , 3750 users :
Here , we can see Action Cable falling behind on availability when broadcasting , with messages taking an average of 8s to be broadcast to all 50 users for the given room . For most applications , this level of latency is not acceptable , so the level of performance for maxinum rooms on this server would be somewhere between 50 and 75 rooms , given 50 users per room .
Phoenix : 1100 rooms , 55,000 users ( maxed 55,000 client connections )
We can see that Phoenix responds on average in 0.25s , and only is maxed at 1100 rooms because of the 55,000 client limits on the tsung box .
Making sense of the results , 50 users per room
These results show that if you are building an application for small to medium sized businesses , if 75 companies visit the app at the same time , their notifications will be delayed . Given the severe degradation in performance from 50 to 75 rooms , it may also be hard to pinpoint your server density when planning for load .
For load planning , horizontal scalability will be required with 50-75 companies per server , but the reliance on redis should be considered as a central bottleneck . Horizontal scalability was the obvious choice for Ruby when it came to stateless HTTP requests , but we can see why vertical scalability becomes increasingly important for stateful connections . If you require dozens or hundreds of servers , Action Cable will still rely on a central redis bottleneck for PubSub .
200 users per room
Rails : 8 rooms , 1600 users :
We can see Action Cable starts off with acceptable latency , but begins to quickly fall behind as broadcast latency grows with each message . Broadcast latency grows longer than 10s . Next , we upped the room count by 1 , to see where the limit was .
Rails : 9 rooms , 1800 users before availability was compromised when broadcasting .
At 200 users per room , Action Cable is unable to maintain the broadcast load and supported just 9 rooms before we experienced messages stop arriving or subscriptions failing to establish . At these levels , the only consistent performance we could get for 200 users per room , was limiting the server to 7 rooms , or 1400 users .
Phoenix : 275 rooms , 55,000 users ( maxed 55,000 client connections )
We can see that Phoenix responds on average in 0.24s , and only is maxed at 275 rooms because of the 55,000 client limits on the tsung box . Additionally , it 's important to note that Phoenix maintains the same responsiveness when broadcasting for both the 50 and 200 users per room tests .
Making sense of the results , 200 users per room
You may be thinking , “ but my application is n't a chat app , and only needs simple page updates ” . These tests apply equally to many scenarios . Imagine you have an information system where you want to publish periodic updates to pages . This could be for a news site where visitors see new comments , or a booking site where visitors see “ 20 other people are currently viewing this hotel ” .
This test shows that if your app receives a sudden spike in visitors and more than 7 articles have 200 or more readers , the server wo n't be able to keep up with the notification demand for both the popular articles , and the low traffic ones .
For a booking site , imagine 7 hotels across the country release a discount rate and customers jump online for the deal . Suddenly , you need to spin up extra servers to maintain booking notifications , and the severity of the delays becomes worse if critical functionality of your application relies on these notifications .
Conclusions
If memory leaks can be ruled out or addressed , the sweet-spot for Action Cable today is small workloads with few subscribers on any given topic . Going beyond this means engineering efforts and resources must be spent on managing multiple nodes and optimizing code out of channels . Higher workloads with broadcasts to more than a few dozen subscribers risks availability . With Phoenix , we 've shown that channels performance remains consistent as notification demand increases , which is essential for handling traffic spikes and avoiding overload .
When I started my own real-time Rails features with Sync several years ago , memory leaks and consistent performance were my main fears that drove me to look elsewhere , find Elixir , and create Phoenix . The rails-core team has done a great job putting a real-time story in place , but wrangling Ruby 's lack of concurrency features will continue to be a challenge .
The source code and instructions for running these tests on your own hardware can be found here .
LOUISVILLE , Ky. – An Elizabethtown second grader slept for 11 days straight inside Norton Children 's hospital .
Doctors still do n't know what caused it , but now that their child is awake , his family is ready to move forward .
Wyatt Shaw was the life of the party .
`` He was awesome , he stole the show . He stole the last dance- he took the bride away from the groom , ” Amy Thompson , Shaw 's mother , said .
Seven-year-old Wyatt made his mark as the ring bearer at a wedding two weeks ago . But 48 hours later he found himself in the hospital , unable to stay awake .
`` I tried to wake him up and he kept falling back asleep . I kept `` Wyatt '' `` Wyatt '' `` Wyatt '' and then he fell back asleep again , ” Thompson said .
Wyatt was rushed to Norton Children 's where he went under observation . While mires monitoring his brain activity , the second-grader slept and slept for 11 days .
Thompson said , `` When he would open his eyes it did n't look like he was there and it was terrifying . ''
Doctors ran tests but none brought answers . MRIs , x-rays and blood work all came back clean .
After 10 days , the doctors tried a new seizure medication and Wyatt woke up the next day .
`` He was just having electric misfires in his brain and it was just causing him to stay in a constant sleep , ” Thompson said .
Wyatt finally opened his eyes on Thursday . At first , he could n't move or speak .
`` We just kept praying , ” Thompson said .
But after a weekend filled with family , faith and friends , the life of the party got his moves back .
Since he woke up , Wyatt has made major strides in his recovery , even walking with his mother 's help Monday in his hospital room .
Doctors say there is a chance they never know what caused Wyatt to fall asleep , so his parents say they are focusing on his recovery .
Once he is discharged from Norton Children 's he will spend three weeks in Frazier Rehab .
The idea has a certain allure to it : A cop is trapped inside a high-rise with a team of desperate terrorists . He is all that stands between them and their hostages . Give the terrorist leader brains and a personality , make one of the hostages the estranged wife of the cop and you 've got a movie .
The name of the movie is `` Die Hard , '' and it stars Bruce Willis in another one of those Hollywood action roles where the hero 's shirt is ripped off in the first reel so you can see how much time he has been spending at the gym . He 's a New York cop who has flown out to Los Angeles for Christmas , and we quickly learn that his marriage was put on hold after his wife ( Bonnie Bedelia ) left for the Coast to accept a great job offer . She is now a vice president of the multinational Nakatomi Corp. , and shortly after Willis makes his surprise entrance at her office party , the terrorists strike .
Advertisement
They , too , are a multinational group , led by a German named Hans Gruber ( Alan Rickman ) who is well-dressed and has a neatly trimmed beard and talks like an intellectual and thinks he is superior to the riffraff he has to associate with . He has a plan that has been devised with clockwork precision involving the theft of millions of dollars in negotiable bonds , and it is only after Willis starts causing trouble that he is forced to take the Nakatomi employees as hostages .
The terrorists are skilled and well-armed , and there are a lot of them . Willis ' strategy involves keeping them off guard with lightning attacks from his hiding place on an upper floor of the building that is still under construction . This plan involves the deployment of a great many stunts and special effects , such as when Willis swings through a plate glass window on the end of a fire rope or when he drops plastics explosives down the elevator shaft .
On a technical level , there 's a lot to be said for `` Die Hard . '' It 's when we get to some of the unnecessary adornments of the script that the movie shoots itself in the foot . Willis remains in constant radio contact with a police officer on the ground ( Reginald Veljohnson ) who tries to keep his morale up . But then the filmmakers introduce a gratuitous and unnecessary additional character : the deputy police chief ( Paul Gleason ) , who doubts that the guy on the other end of the radio is really a New York cop at all .
As nearly as I can tell , the deputy chief is in the movie for only one purpose : to be consistently wrong at every step of the way and to provide a phony counterpoint to Willis ' progress . The character is so willfully useless , so dumb , so much a product of the Idiot Plot Syndrome , that all by himself he successfully undermines the last half of the movie . Thrillers like this need to be well-oiled machines , with not a single wasted moment . Inappropriate and wrongheaded interruptions reveal the fragile nature of the plot and prevent it from working .
Without the deputy chief and all that he represents , `` Die Hard '' would have been a more than passable thriller . With him , it 's a mess , and that 's a shame , because the film does contain superior special effects , impressive stunt work and good performances , especially by Rickman as the terrorist . Here 's a suggestion for thrillermakers : You ca n't go wrong if all of the characters in your movie are at least as intelligent as most of the characters in your audience .
A second transgender student is fighting for locker room access at the same suburban school district where a lengthy and historic battle over transgender rights set national precedence a few years ago .
Eighteen-year-old Nova Maday filed a lawsuit in Cook County Circuit Court on Thursday claiming that Palatine-based Township High School District 211 has in the past denied her use of the girls ' locker room during physical education class , hurting her grade as well as her mental health .
More recently , the district allowed the Palatine High School senior to change in facilities matching her gender identity but only if she agreed to dress in an “ unspecified private changing area within the locker room , ” which the lawsuit says is not required of other students .
District 211 Superintendent Dan Cates , in a prepared statement released later Thursday , said the “ allegations in the lawsuit misrepresent the accommodations extended to this student and District 211 's approach to working with and supporting transgender students . ”
But the suit contends the district has treated Maday differently than other female students , which it asserts is in violation of the Illinois Human Rights Act .
“ I just want to be treated like every other girl in our school , ” Maday said in a written statement .
The lawsuit says Maday has presented as female since October 2014 , consistently dressing as a girl and using a female name and pronouns .
“ Nova 's ability to live as a girl in all aspects of her life has been essential for treating her gender dysphoria , ” says the lawsuit , which was filed on the student 's behalf by the American Civil Liberties Union of Illinois and the Chicago law firm Mandell Menkes LLC . “ Before treatment , Nova had severe depression . Since her treatment began , Nova 's depression has improved , her grades have gotten better in all of her classes besides P.E. , and she has become more social . ”
School officials had required her to change in a nurse 's office or in a separate locked , single-user locker room that had to be opened by faculty , making her repeatedly late for class , according to the lawsuit . While she would prefer to take physical education with her peers , Maday had agreed to take a waiver .
“ Under the District 's policy … Nova must be conspicuously separated from her fellow students and singled out for differential treatment by being required to dress separately from them , either in a separate facility or in a separate area within the locker room , ” the lawsuit says . “ The District 's actions signal to Nova that she is not really a girl and should feel ashamed of who she is and about her body , in particular . ”
The northwest suburban district had made national headlines when another transgender student — identified publicly as Student A — filed a complaint with federal authorities in 2013 seeking access to the girls ' locker room . An investigation by federal education officials found the district violated federal law , the first time a school was found to be in conflict with Title IX based on gender identity .
Administrators agreed to give Student Access to the girls ' locker room while installing privacy walls , but a group of parents who opposed such accommodations then sued the district and federal government in federal court , arguing that this violated the constitutional right to privacy and created a hostile environment for other students . That lawsuit is ongoing .
In response to Maday 's lawsuit , a spokeswoman for that group of parents said students should be separated by biological sex and that an “ open-air locker room ” is not a solution .
“ The student is a biological male , and we separate these students by biology and anatomy for good reason , ” said Vicki Wilson of D211 Parents for Privacy . “ Schools have a duty to protect the well-being and dignity of all students . ”
Maday 's mother had previously asked school officials if accommodations for Student A would apply to Maday as well . A school official told the mother that “ the settlement only applied to Student A and would not extend to any other student in the district , ” according to the lawsuit .
The superintendent 's statement Thursday , however , said district “ has provided caring and responsive supports for transgender students for years , including multiple transgender students who daily use bathrooms and locker rooms of their gender identity in multiple schools .
“ Every transgender student in District 211 who has requested use of the locker room of their identified gender has been offered such access , along with other supports within an individual support plan , ” the statement said .
“ We will vigorously defend and protect compassionate , fair and equitable support for all students , and , at the same time , we continue to defend our supports for transgender students at the federal level , ” Cates added .
Despite this , Maday 's lawsuit is asking for the court to order District 211 to allow all students access to facilities matching their gender identity , as well as damages for emotional distress and loss suffered by Maday .
Palatine has become one of the main battlegrounds for transgender rights in schools amid a larger , ongoing fight for access based on gender identity nationwide .
In 2016 , a directive from then-President Barack Obama 's administration declared that schools must accommodate transgender students , including allowing access to locker rooms or other facilities based on gender identity . But in February the Trump administration rolled back those protections , saying decisions on access were best made at a local level .
eleventis @ chicagotribune.com
Twitter @ angie_leventis
RELATED
Groups speak out for , against transgender students ' locker room access »
Trump reversal of Obama transgender rule puts landmark local case in limbo »
Lawsuit filed after transgender student gets locker room access in Palatine »
CLOSE The state is expected to get $ 210 million in taxes through the middle of 2019 . Julius Lasin / Statesman Journal Wochit
Buy Photo Green Cross Cannabis Emporium is busy with customers as they host an event for 420 on Thursday , April 20 , 2017 . The retailer hosted an all-day event with special deals , free food for the first 200 customers , and a DJ in the evening . ( Photo : MOLLY J. SMITH / Statesman Journal ) Buy Photo
As Oregon economists calculated their May revenue forecast , they had new figures to add in : marijuana taxes .
They estimated marijuana sales will create about $ 210 million in taxes through the middle of 2019 .
That may sound like a lot , but local officials reached by the Statesman Journal do n't expect the money to add significantly to their budgets .
The Salem-Keizer School District , for example , stands to get about $ 5 million .
Salem-Keizer could use the money . `` Certainly , we need more resources , '' Salem-Keizer spokesman Jay Remy said . If there were a net increase in the amount of money they get from the state , that would be `` fantastic , '' he said .
But Salem-Keizer 's total operating budget is $ 677.5 million for the 2016-2017 school year , Remy said . That includes sources like federal funds .
“ That ( $ 5 million ) would equate to about four days of school , ” Remy said .
Schools are meant to be the big winner from marijuana sales .
Economists estimate most of the roughly $ 210 million through June 2019 would go toward schools , saying $ 84.1 million might be in store for them .
Under current statute , the money would go toward the Common School Fund , a kind of trust fund .
The marijuana money would go toward the fund , bumping up its total value and meaning a bigger twice-yearly payout for Oregon school districts .
The State Land Board oversees the distribution of money from there , said Department of State Lands spokeswoman Julie Curtis .
`` Their policy is 4 percent of the rolling three-year average value of the fund , '' Curtis said . `` That helps smooth out the ups and downs of the stock market . ''
It 's not like $ 19 million goes into the fund , $ 19 million goes out of the fund , she said , and the Common School Fund was not supposed to get any tax revenue until this fall .
SB 845 A , though , would change the law so 30 percent of the marijuana money goes toward the State School Fund , with 10 percent going toward the Community College Support Fund .
The bill this month made its way through the state Senate , with a public hearing and work session scheduled for May 30 at 1 p.m. in Hearing Room A in front of the House Committee on Revenue .
That would mean about $ 63 million going toward the State School Fund .
More marijuana coverage : Gov . signs bill to protect legal pot industry | Report : Medical pot users outspent recreational users last year | State vineyards try hand at pot farming
Here 's a hypothetical way a little more than $ 5 million of that pot money could go toward Salem-Keizer School District .
Every $ 1 million that 's added to or subtracted from the State School Fund represents about $ 1.50 per weighted average daily membership for students , said Michael Wiltfong , School Finance and School Facilities Director with the Oregon Department of Education .
The weighting is , for instance , for special education students and English-language learners , Wiltfong said .
There are 53,295 `` weights '' for the 2017-2018 school year in the Salem-Keizer School District , he said .
Multiplying 63 – the number of millions – by 1.50 equals 94.5 . Multiplying that by the number of weights – 53,295 – equals 5,036,377.50 .
Or just more than $ 5 million in theory headed to Salem-Keizer , likely over two years .
Local officials do n't appear to have quite put together wish lists of what , precisely , the money will pay for in terms of more police or teaching positions .
`` It 's too soon to know , '' Remy said .
Money for police , local government , addiction programs
The state could put $ 42 million toward Mental Health , Alcoholism and Drug Services , according to the forecast .
Oregon State Police could receive $ 31.5 million in funding . In Gov . Kate Brown 's recommended budget , money from marijuana is supposed to be used to `` protect further reductions to the Major Crimes Section . ''
Drug and alcohol abuse programs through the Oregon Health Authority would see about $ 10.5 million .
Cities and counties could get about $ 42 million combined to fund their law enforcement agencies .
Salem City Hall estimates $ 401,100 will flow in from marijuana tax revenue in the city 's proposed budget for the 2017-2018 fiscal year .
It 's a small portion of the overall budget for policing the capital city .
The Salem Police Department has a proposed budget of almost $ 43 million over the upcoming fiscal year .
In November , Salem voted through a 3-percent bump to the 17-percent state tax on recreational weed , meaning customers here pay a 20-percent tax those purchases .
The money would go to support their general police services , said city spokesman Kenny Larson . “ It 's not earmarked for any special things . ''
How to figure marijuana taxes
The May forecast 's marijuana outlook is an admittedly rough estimate based on data from Oregon 's young recreational marijuana industry and trends in Washington and Colorado , where those sales are also legal .
Economists based their outlook on another prediction : the tens of millions of dollars already collected by Oregon from recreational marijuana sales probably wo n't be distributed by the end of this biennium – the two-year period that started in 2015 and finishes this June 30 .
State lawmakers lean on revenue forecasts to see how much of a financial hole they need to fill over their two-year budget . They 're working right now on the 2017-2019 budget . As of the May forecast , the hole lawmakers need to fill stretches $ 1.4 billion deep .
Before any money from the so-called Oregon Marijuana Fund goes back out across the state , Revenue and the Oregon Liquor Control Commission must pay for their administrative costs .
An interagency agreement requires OLCC to invoice Revenue no later than Sept. 30 for the 2015-2017 biennium , according to OLCC Financial Services Director Kim Davis .
OLCC , which regulates recreational marijuana sales , does n't yet know exactly how much money it will need from Revenue . OLCC must reconcile its books at the end of the current biennium in June , said spokesman Mark Pettinger .
Marijuana licenses and fees have generated about $ 8 million , Pettinger said , after the commission took out $ 13 million to cover start-up costs for the recreational marijuana program .
So if the OLCC ends up generating $ 10 million in revenue from fees and licenses , it will only ask for $ 3 million from Revenue , Pettinger said .
Revenue spokeswoman Joy Krawczyk said : “ As soon as we get the final receipts from OLCC , we can reimburse them , cover our administrative costs and then start distributing the rest . ”
Send questions , comments or news tips to jbach @ statesmanjournal.com or 503-399-6714 . Follow him on Twitter @ JonathanMBach .
Read or Share this story : http : //stjr.nl/2rZC4jv
JACKSONVILLE , Arkansas ( KATV ) - In 2007 the city of Jacksonville voted to ban pit bulls .
Aldermen at the time had no idea that one day their unanimous decision would one day impact a three year-old girl living in Minneapolis .
Wednesday night 11 year-old Ahmeah Simmons cried herself to sleep , missing her best friend Edith .
`` She loves me , '' says Ahmeah . `` And she did n't do anything wrong . ''
`` It 's her life , '' says mom Amanda Simmons about Edith 's importance to Ahmeah . `` It 's her best friend . She dresses her up . She puts bows in her ears . She paints her toes . She sleeps with her every day for the past year-and-a-half . ''
Simmons says Edith is more than a family pet . She is a therapy dog , which is a level below a service dog .
When she moved her family from Minneapolis she had no idea about the city 's pit bull ban .
She found out about it in January when Edith was picked up by animal control .
`` I explained to them that it is my daughter 's therapy dog for Asperger 's Disorder and that we needed her , '' says Amanda . `` And they gave her back to me . I went before the judge and I paid $ 260.00 in fines . ''
Simmons also signed a document , pledging that Edith would be removed from the city limits of Jacksonville .
But locked into a lease and with a daughter in need of her therapy dog , Edith stayed .
Until Wednesday when someone called animal control again .
It is doubtful that Ahmeah and Edith will be reunited a second time .
Amanda says breed specific laws designed to protect are hurtful .
`` Not all dogs are like that , '' says Amanda . `` Not all people ... you know based on a breed or a race or a creed ... we 're not all the same . ''
Because Edith has showed no signs of aggression it is unlikely she will be euthanized .
Jacksonville plans to give her to an out-of-state animal rescue group .
See more on this from our partner station , KATV .
Shutterstock Image
In order to appreciate the power of genetics , you only need to take a good look at a cat . Not just any cat - it has to be a calico , specifically .
The black and orange patches that define the coloring of a calico cat beautifully illustrate the genetic mechanism known as `` dosage compensation . ''
You see , almost all calico cats are female which means that they have two X chromosomes in every cell . ( 1 ) A male cat with an XY could not make this same pattern of fur . And here 's why ...
Whether a cat ( or human ) is biologically male or female is dictated by which sex chromosome ( X or Y ) they got from their father 's sperm . In most cases , there is an equal chance for either type of sperm to make it to the egg , which always has an X chromosome . And , since the sperm that fertilizes the egg also determines the sex , if a sperm carrying a Y wins the race , you are male . If it 's an X , you are female . This is not the case for all animals , but , that is a topic for another article .
The Y chromosome has very few genes on it ( only 72 that make proteins ) and none of those genes is required for the cell to survive . This is clearly illustrated by all females , who obviously do just fine without any Y chromosomes . The Y chromosome is important in the process of becoming male . One of the genes on the Y chromosome is called the SRY ( sex determining region Y ) gene . SRY makes a protein that works to create male traits , for example , controlling the production of male hormones among other male-related things .
The X chromosome is a different story . It is large and has hundreds of genes on it , many of which are essential for cells to survive . Therefore , the X chromosome is required for all humans , not just females . One complication is that , males only have one X chromosome ( XY ) and females have two ( XX . ) However , females can not survive if they have doubled the proteins made by the X chromosome . So , they need to compensate somehow for this imbalance .
There are different compensatory solutions to this predicament , which is species-dependant . For example , male fruit flies express the one copy of their X twice as much as female fruit flies , making up the difference that way .
Humans have the opposite strategy . Females shut down one of their Xs early on in the process of embryogenesis ( when the fertilized egg ( zygote ) divides to form the cells that will eventually become a person ) through a process called `` X chromosome inactivation . '' The X that is inactivated is chosen randomly in each cell . It is inactivated through a process that slathers the chromosome with small RNA molecules , resulting in those genes not being expressed . The RNA molecules initiate other changes that lead to the X chromosome being condensed down into a small , dense , cluster of DNA ( seen on the image below . ) The inactivated X is now called a `` Barr Body '' named after Murray Barr , the person who first discovered the structure .
image from amy.palamounta.in image from amy.palamounta.in
But , what does this have to do with a calico cat ?
In a calico cat , the gene that dictates fur color happens to be located on the X chromosome .
As shown on the illustration below , if the X chromosome carrying the gene for black fur gets inactivated , that cell will instead create orange fur . If the X chromosome carrying the gene for orange fur is inactivated , that cell will create black fur . Because the Xs that are inactivated are chosen at random , the pattern on each calico cat is distinct from another .
How does this process result in the black and orange patches ? In order to understand the patches , we have to think about when the process of X chromosome inactivation happens and what each of those cells is going to do , after the X is inactivated . As shown in the picture , the X chromosome is inactivated when there are only about eight cells in the embryo . Each of these eight cells , after the X inactivation , continue to divide , over and over again , to create the millions of cells that make up the entire cat . Because the inactivation process occurs at this early stage of development , each cell that stems from one of the original eight cells , will have that same X inactivated . So , the cell shown below that `` will form a patch of black fur '' will do so because all of the cells that come from that one cell will have the same X inactivated . Instead of just one cell that will make black fur , there will be millions of cells expressing black fur in the same location , creating a patch .
Image modified from www2.estrellamountain.edu/faculty/farabee/biobk/BioBookgeninteract.html Image modified from www2.estrellamountain.edu/faculty/farabee/biobk/BioBookgeninteract.html
The calico cat is one example of an important genetic process that is incredibly fascinating at the same time . Indeed , this complicated process still has a lot of unanswered questions . But , for now , knowing the basics , I dare you to ever look at a calico cat the same way again .
Notes :
( 1 ) Rarely , a cat is born with two X chromosomes and one Y . ( This also happens in humans and is called Klinefelter syndrome . ) Those cats are male due to the presence of the Y chromosome , but can also make the calico pattern due to the presence of two X chromosomes .
COVENTRY , RI—State police confirmed today they have recovered more diapers stolen from the $ 90,000 shipment bound for Fall River .
Police raided a storefront on Smith Street on Thursday and recovered 800 stolen boxes of diapers . They also arrested two suspects , but they are still looking for 1,200 missing boxes of diapers and a suspect .
According to police , $ 90,000 worth of diapers , which were to be delivered to the Amazon distribution center in Fall River , Mass. , were stolen and diverted to Smith Hill .
Maj. Dennis Fleming , Detective Commander of the Rhode Island State Police , said two suspects have been arrested . [ Sign up for free local news alerts and newsletters : Massachusetts|Rhode Island ]
Two Men Arrested , Third Sought in Theft of $ 90,000 Worth of Diapershttps : //t.co/ZcnxHO5LgH # RI pic.twitter.com/QMCuLa5hdX
— RI State Police ( @ RIStatePolice ) February 16 , 2017
• Aubrey Bettis , also known as Mitchell Bettis , 59 , of Providence , was charged with larceny over $ 1,500 and conspiracy .
• Damon Martin , 41 , of Coventry , was charged with larceny over $ 1,500 ; receiving stolen goods ; and conspiracy .
Both were arraigned today in Third District Court and released on personal recognizance .
A warrant has been issued for a third suspect . State police are not identifying that suspect yet .
Fleming said Bettis had been hired by the owner of the delivery truck to drive the load of diapers from a location in Pennsylvania to the Amazon distribution facility last Thursday ( Feb. 9 ) .
`` But when he arrived in Rhode Island that night , he instead sold the diapers , '' police allege . `` On Monday , Bettis allegedly called the truck 's owner to say he was not making the delivery and that the truck could be picked up in the parking lot of the Super Eight Motels in West Greenwich , '' Fleming said .
The truck owner , whose name was not released , immediately flew to Rhode Island and found the empty truck , Fleming said . He notified state police , who later tracked down and arrested the driver .
Police later learned that some of the diapers were being stored in an empty storefront at 451 Smith St. in Providence . After obtaining a search warrant , detectives went to the store about 11:15 a.m. today and recovered 800 boxes of diapers , Fleming said . Each box , which held about 100 diapers , sold for about $ 40 .
State police are still searching for the third suspect , as well as the rest of the diapers , Fleming said .
Courtesy Photo RI State Police
Are there any racially integrated towns in NJ that last ?
SteveChernoski Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 17 , 2015
Class photo from Buena Vista Twp , NJ ( Mark Demitroff )
When I moved to Maplewood in the summer of 2005 , I was looking for a pool . I took the bus and train up from South Jersey and was without a car . I walked over to Columbia High School , famous for graduating from Zach Braff & Lauryn Hill ( the same year ) , Elisabeth and Andrew Shue , Roy “ You 're going to need a bigger boat ” Scheider , Alfred Kinsey , Max Weinberg of the E Street Band and Ahmed Best ( Jar Jar Binks ) , hoping they 'd have an indoor pool . There was none . However a man and his young son noticed I looked lost and asked me what was up . After a back-and-forth , he told me to hop in his car and he 'd drive me to the community pool on the other side of town . It was n't the fact that he was black that made me leery of getting in his car ; it was that , in my experience , strangers of any race do n't make that casual offer . But I figured he was with his son , so why not ?
I got in and during the ride over , the man described why he made the offer . Maplewood and South Orange were special places , he explained . They were historically integrated towns and he wanted a good community for his son to grow up , with reputable schools . ( Years later , even that infamous New Jersey stereotype map was kind to this area calling it , The Melting Pot . ) As the man dropped me off , I thanked him and checked out the pool . After that ride I knew I was in a unique place , but surprisingly , a familiar one .
Maplewood/ South Orange was like my hometown of Ewing , the people up here just had more money . They were places where blacks and whites ( along with a small , but growing population of Hispanics and Asians ) lived together and for the most part , got along . Today , I realized that I might have grown up in a bubble though . Through my research , I 've found that there are few places like these in the state .
Monday 's conference call with LA Galaxy club president Chris Klein was somewhat anti-climatic , as the big announcement of Peter Vagenas replacing Bruce Arena as the general manager was leaked a few hours beforehand .
However , we did gain some insight into the vacant head coaching position . Here 's what we learned :
-Bruce had signed a two-year extension without an out clause to manage the U.S. National Team , but Chris Klein and the organization ultimately decided not to stand in his way and terminated the contract .
-Curt Onalfo is currently the only internal candidate being considered , and the organization has spoken to Onalfo about the position
-Dave Sarachan is not a candidate
-LA will seek permission to interview other MLS head coaches within the league
-The Galaxy plan to interview at least one candidate from abroad , but would prefer a domestic manager
Chris Klein says the Galaxy are specifically building their team around Gio dos Santos , Gyasi Zardes , Sebastian Llegtet and Jelle van Damme . — Jonathan Tannenwald ( @ thegoalkeeper ) November 28 , 2016
We should also note Minnesota United FC will probably name their new manager tomorrow , so there 's one less candidate to choose from .
You get the feeling LA are more or less comfortable with Curt Onalfo taking over , but would like to test the waters for the position as well . We 'll see how things progress in the coming weeks .
Adnan Syed in 1998 . On Wednesday , January 13 , 1999 , Hae disappeared in Baltimore County , Maryland . Four weeks later her body was found in a shallow grave in nearby parkland ; she had been strangled . Six weeks later Baltimore City detectives arrested Hae 's ex-boyfriend , Adnan Syed . Adnan 's trial hinged on where he was for 21 minutes between 2.15pm and 2.36pm on the day Hae disappeared ; the time she died . The state 's case against Adnan and his eventual conviction for first-degree murder relied on the testimony – the reported memories – of another teenage boy named Jay . There was little or no physical evidence linking Adnan to the crime . Jay said Adnan murdered Hae . Adnan said he had nothing to do with it and did n't know who did . Serial 's host and co-producer , Sarah Koenig , tries to piece together what happened through memories : memory reports from then , as told at the trial ; and memory reports from now , 15 years after these events , of Adnan ( who is serving a life sentence in jail ) , Jay , their classmates , friends , families , the police and even Hae ( via the diary she left behind ) .
Koenig 's search , successful or not , raises fascinating questions about the nature , meaning and complexities of personal recollections . How does memory work ? In essence , memory can be thought of as a sequence of information-processing stages with three basic tasks : get information in ( encoding ) save information over time ( storage ) get information out ( retrieval ) . As we go about our daily business , we perceive and experience things that are captured in great detail and go into sensory memory for a brief period of three to four seconds . Most of this information we lose . But information that we pay attention to or that captures our attention is transferred to short-term memory ; this is what is in your mind right now ( the words of this article , for instance , and their meaning ) .
Short-term memory can hold a small amount of information ( seven items , plus or minus two ) for a limited time ( about 15 to 20 seconds ) . If we do n't use that information almost immediately ( such as dial a phone number we 've just been told ) or rehearse it , we forget it . But if rehearsed , it becomes encoded and can be stored in long-term memory . Information that reaches long-term memory can last there for long periods of time and be retrieved – brought to consciousness – as a memory report or behaviour , such as dialling that phone number again . So for Adnan , Jay and their friends to remember what happened on the day Hae disappeared 15 years ago they need to have encoded , stored and be able to retrieve those memories . But memory is never guaranteed . An event may not be encoded in the first place , it may be difficult to retrieve , or it may be lost from storage . Memories decay over time , as Koenig discovered when in episode five she interviewed Will , one of Adnan 's friends who might have been able to confirm Adnan 's alibi of where he was when Hae died :
Will : It 's hard to remember that one interaction . Koenig : You mean I should have asked you 15 years ago ? Will : Maybe five I would have remembered . Of course , people forget for other reasons , such as intentionally trying to suppress or not think about certain , perhaps upsetting , events . And people can misremember in myriad ways that have nothing to do with deception . They confuse events from different days , or confuse details and events they experienced themselves with ones they learnt about from someone else . Or they fill in gaps in memory with their best guess of what they probably did and later confuse this with their original memory .
What should we expect from memory ? In most situations , we do n't need to recall everything that happens to us every minute of any particular day . Remembering the gist of what happened is often sufficient . But in the legal setting , a high level of precision is usually expected and needed , even when long periods have elapsed since the event in question . Surveys suggest that people expect they can accurately reproduce details of long-ago events , especially emotional events , even though research shows we are prone to memory failures and errors . In episode one of Serial , Koenig describes Adnan 's memories of January 13 as `` mushy '' , `` unhelpful '' and `` problematic '' . This is because he remembers only the gist of the day and not details , although he is adamant he did not kill Hae Min Lee . `` Why ca n't you remember anything ? '' Koenig challenges Adnan . Koenig seeks ( but often does not find ) detailed and consistent accounts of events she now knows are significant . Significant or emotional events typically are better remembered , especially when well rehearsed . But even reported memories of significant , well-rehearsed events can vary over time . Such fluctuations may be important or unimportant ; it is difficult to tell .
This is an area of great practical significance for the legal system and needs more research . How can we tell if memories are accurate ? In one episode of Serial , Koenig worries that Adnan is lying to her – `` playing her '' – because his memory reports of the day Hae disappeared seem so vague . In another episode , Koenig points out major inconsistencies in Jay 's seemingly more complete accounts of what happened that day . In the absence of definitive physical evidence or corroboration , how do we judge memories ? People routinely make judgments about the origin or reality of their own memories : `` Did I experience it , imagine it , hear about it on the radio ? '' Memory researchers call this `` personal source monitoring '' . And we routinely make judgments about other people 's memories ; researchers call this `` interpersonal source monitoring '' .
Everyone has intuitions about what a true memory looks and sounds like . In fact , we use the presence or absence of certain memory qualities – such as completeness , coherence , confidence , emotion – to judge the source or accuracy of our own and others ' memories . On average , memories based in reality contain more perceptual , conceptual , emotional and contextual details . But lots of different kinds of details do not guarantee that a memory is accurate even if the details are persuasive to yourself and others . An event you imagined , for instance , can have similar qualities to an event you genuinely experienced . Still , in Serial , in courtrooms and in everyday life , detailed , complete and consistent memory reports often are given more weight than vague , fragmented and/or inconsistent memories , which are treated with suspicion . Since eyewitness memory remains a central form of evidence in criminal proceedings , we need to be aware – as courts increasingly are – that incompleteness does n't mean inaccurate and completeness does n't mean accurate . And honest witnesses can be mistaken about the past . Should n't our memories make sense ?
In the latest episodes of Serial , Koenig complains that at times neither Adnan 's nor Jay 's stories make sense . `` It does n't add up , '' she says . We like memories to make sense . We strive for meaning and coherence in stories of our personal and collective pasts . If we ca n't find meaning , we sometimes impose it . There is risk in looking for or imposing meaning where there is none or where there is messiness . Psychologists Kevin McConkey and Peter Sheehan , who collaborated with Australian police forces to evaluate the use of hypnosis to help victims and witnesses recall information , described choices and behaviours of some people involved in the forensic cases as perplexing : `` apparent simplicity '' , they wrote , `` clouds considerable complexity '' . In the search for meaning in Serial , the past can not simply be remembered as it was experienced 15 years ago but in light of both the present and events across the intervening years . As memory researcher Martin Conway argues : Memories are psychological representations and not like photographs , videos or other types of recording .
This reconstructive rather than reproductive nature of memory means that our knowledge now invariably influences our reported memories of then . So the present – Adnan convicted of Hae 's murder and incarcerated – must infuse those memories of the past that Serial is trying to faithfully reconstruct . It 's unclear whether Koenig will find the truth of Hae Min Lee 's murder . Memory research suggests that in the absence of physical evidence , she may get no further than a constructed tapestry of what is now believed in reported memories rather than the genuine reality of what happened to Hae . In any case , Serial is compelling listening . It has been the most downloaded iTunes podcast in recent weeks and has sparked countless water-cooler conversations about who is telling the truth , how memory works and who is responsible for the murder of Hae Min Lee . Amanda Barnier is Professor of Cognitive Science and Australian Research Council Future Fellow at Macquarie University . This article was originally published on The Conversation . Read the original article .
Pacers end Bulls ' playoff hopes as blame game gets started
Finally , the Bulls have run out of excuses .
That does n't mean they 're going to stop making them over the next few months , but thanks to Indiana 's 129-105 decimation of the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday , what the Bulls say these upcoming days has very little staying power .
All that matters is the Pacers ' win put the final nail in the coffin , ending a streak of seven consecutive years in which the Bulls have been a playoff team .
And this was hyped by the front office as a championship roster ?
“ Is it a wasted season ? You do n't win a championship , when only one team wins a championship , so at the end of the day , this season has not gone well for us in many ways , '' veteran Pau Gasol of the stumbling that went on far too often this year . “ I wish we were in a different position right now , but we 're not .
“ There 's been times where we 've dropped games , lost games that we should never have lost , especially at home against certain teams . Those are the times that guys do n't realize how big of a price you can pay at the end of the year and how much of a different position you 're going to be in because of those games in November , December , January that , ‘ Ah , there 's still 40 games to play , there 's still 50 games to play .
“ That 's just a lack of sense of urgency , a lack of awareness , a lack of maturity that we have dealt with . ''
So where do the fingers point ?
Sure , rookie coach Fred Hoiberg had to learn under fire and admittedly would have done things differently . Absolutely the roster looked like a collection of pick-up players , as agendas hampered relationships , while too many one-dimensional players hampered consistency on the court .
But the reason the Bulls are on the outside looking in with two games left , and now back in the lottery for the first time since Derrick Rose was selected ? That all started in the training camp leading into Tom Thibodeau 's final season as coach .
If there was an instruction manual on how a front office can mess up a situation , John Paxson and Gar Forman just spent the last two seasons writing the outline .
It was in training camp 2014 that the front office told several core players like Rose and Joakim Noah that it was OK to tune Thibodeau out . That was verified by several sources , including current players .
Gar/Pax sold the players on the idea that Thibodeau 's perceived heavy workload was leading to injury problems .
Once a roster is empowered like that and given the stamp to ignore coaching it 's hard to get them back in line . Hoiberg found that out far too often this season , as sound game plans were forgotten or ignored by this group in far too many key moments .
The fact that Gar/Pax have brought in too many offensive-minded players , as well as several swings and misses in the draft over the last four years all falls on their resume , but cutting the legs off the coaching seat is what 's unforgivable at this point .
Now it will fall on Hoiberg to try and clean up this mess . Yes , there will be personnel changes this summer , but Forman and Paxson are n't expected to be included in that .
“ It 's just having that overall consistency , '' Hoiberg said of what he wants to focus on this summer with his team . “ And I need to do a better job with that . ''
At least someone 's being accountable .
Franklin Graham , a leading evangelical figure , on Sunday reiterated his belief that gay sex is sin .
In an NBC Meet the Press profile , Graham , the son of evangelist Billy Graham , was asked whether he agrees with Pope Francis , who famously told reporters , “ If a person is gay and seeks God and has goodwill , who am I to judge them ? ”
“ Would there be a shift for you ? ” he was asked .
“ God would have to shift – and God does n't , ” Graham answered . “ God 's word is the same yesterday and today and a million years from now , that it 's sin . To tell somebody that it 's okay , I know the consequences of what will happen one day when they have to stand before God . I want to warn people , and I think the pope is right when he says he is not the judge . He is not the judge . God is the judge . ”
Graham added that his 95-year-old father was “ very weak . ”
( Watch the segment on NBC News . )
Following his demotion from Red Bull to Toro Rosso earlier this year , Daniil Kvyat looked like his F1 future was in jeopardy , but the Russian will in the end be on the grid in 2017 .
Toro Rosso team manager Franz Tost still believes the 22-year-old is one of the best fits for the Faenza-based outfit given the current context and imminent regulation change .
`` First of all , Danill Kvyat is a very high-skilled driver , ' Tost said .
`` As we know from the past , he won the GP3 championship , and he was this year in China on the podium . Therefore , we are convinced of his talent .
`` Secondly , his experience because next year will be his [ fourth ] season in Formula 1 , and especially with the new regulations , his experience will help us .
`` And third , each party knows each other now very well . That means the co-operation also regarding next year 's new car will help us hopefully to operate quite successfully . ''
Obviously , the manager of the team whose purpose is to hone and nurture young talent is now putting experience at the forefront of Toro Rosso 's priorities , at least for next season .
`` We have two experienced drivers , which was never the case before at Toro Rosso , and also the team itself is improving .
`` I expect a lot from the team and I hope that everything works into the direction what we think will be the case . ''
TECHNICAL ANALYSIS - Mexico
FEATURE : Foul Play or Foul Language
Scene at the 2016 Mexican Grand Prix
Mexican Grand Prix - Quotes of the week
15 minutes with ... Nico Rosberg
Keep up to date with all the F1 news via Facebook and Twitter
Two second-half goals from Lincoln City 's front two condemned Town to their third Sky Bet League Two defeat of the season at Huish Park .
Matt Green finished from inside the area to give the play-off chasing Imps the lead before Matt Rhead wrapped up the scoring with a header 21 minutes from time .
Manager Darren Way made three alterations to his side following the midweek Checkatrade Trophy win over AFC Wimbledon , recalling Nathan Smith to the backline and Francois Zoko up front .
James Bailey resumed captain duties on his return to the starting line-up with Tuesday 's skipper Oscar Gobern partnering him in central midfield .
However , the 26-year-old 's league debut was ended after six minutes due to injury , giving Alefe Santos an early opportunity to impress from the bench .
The ball saw a lot of air time in the opening exchanges with Lincoln trying to take advantage of their physical threat .
Centre-back Sean Raggett nodded over in an offside position while big frontman Rhead also headed over in vain .
Yeovil 's first attempt of the contest was likewise a header . Otis Khan pressed Neil Eardley on the byeline , winning a corner as his reward , and his delivery was powered on to the top of the net by Bevis Mugabi .
Santos followed with a wayward volley and Imps goalkeeper Josh Vickers needed to be quick out of the blocks to deny Olomola a shooting chance after a clever , yet slight overhit , through ball from Zoko .
Then a long set-pieces from Tom James found Omar Sowunmi unmarked just inside the area but the Glovers defender failed to test Vickers .
Referee Lee Collins made the match a stop-start affair , awarding free kicks for petty fouls which suited Lincoln due to their direct approach .
It was route one football that almost resulted in a City opener . Sam Habergham 's swinging corner was met by Raggett and his bullet header crashed against the crossbar .
In contrast , Town aimed to keep the ball on the deck and two fine mazy dribbles saw them register their first shots on target .
First off on his travels was Jordan Green who launched a counter-attack deep inside home territory and when he was fouled , Khan 's curler was beaten away by Vickers .
Mugabi was next to go on an adventure , slaloming in and out of black-shirted players before warming Vickers ' gloves from distance .
After the interval , City continued in their typical style . A punt forward saw Rhead flick-on for Matt Green to collect ; he saw his shot blocked and Michael Bostwick picked up the scraps , smashing into the away terrace .
An unbelievable defence-splitting pass from Bailey should have seen Yeovil take the lead but 60 seconds later they were behind .
Olomola gathered possession and was thwarted one-on-one . The following corner was cleared by Eardley , Rhead gathered , thread through to Matt Green who raced down the middle of the pitch and slotted home .
The Glovers immediately pressed for a way back into the game . Zoko ran the left channel effectively and teed up James whose strike was blocked and cleared .
For 15 minutes afterwards , the game lulled before a brilliant piece of play extended the away side 's lead .
Rhead 's neat nudge on to Matt Green pulled a couple of green and white shirts out of position . Ex-Mansfield Town man Green rolled back for Eardley to cross , and his sweet delivery reached Rhead who was on hand to turn the ball in at the back stick .
Town battled hard for the remaining 20 minutes to force their way back into the contest but found a stubborn Lincoln defence in wait , meaning Vickers was n't called upon .
Yeovil Town : Krysiak , Mugabi , Sowunmi , N.Smith , James , Green , Bailey ( C.Smith 72 ) , Gobern ( Santos 6 ) , Khan , Olomola ( Surridge 63 ) , Zoko .
Bookings : None .
Not Used : Maddison , Davies , Gray , Worthington .
Lincoln City : Vickers , Eardley , Waterfall , Raggett , Habergham , Woodyard , Bostwick , Anderson , Stewart ( Arnold 80 ) , Rhead ( Whitehouse 75 ) , Green ( Palmer 78 ) .
Bookings : Waterfall 35 .
Not Used : Farman , Long , Knott , Dickie .
BY MALIA ZIMMERMAN – HONOLULU — State Rep. Bob McDermott , who enrolled his eight children in Hawaii 's public schools , does n't want his 11-year-old son exposed to a controversial taxpayer-funded sex education program .
That program is taught in 12 public schools across the state , and the Hawaii Department of Education is planning to expand the curriculum to others .
That 's spurred McDermott to renew his fight to get the program revised or pulled altogether . He 's releasing a 21-page report Monday entitled “ The Pono Choices Curriculum : Sexualizing the Innocent ” detailing his concerns . He also plans to make a plea to the Hawaii Board of Education at its Tuesday meeting , and hold a legislative briefing Wednesday evening for parents .
The 10-hour program , called Pono Choices ( pono is a Hawaiian word that translates to “ the right way ” ) , is designed for youth aged 11 to 13 . It has been taught to 1,700 Hawaii middle school children through an $ 800,000 pilot program .
McDermott said the program is “ medically inaccurate ” and not biology based , and that it teaches children about topics such as anal sex , sex with multiple partners and how to put on a condom — using a cucumber or wooden replica of a penis .
“ The program normalizes a homosexual lifestyle and anal sex , while failing to warn students of the extreme dangers of anal sex ; it references multiple sex partners , while failing to inform students about the health benefits of monogamy ; it fails to warn students about the ineffectiveness of condoms against HPV , herpes , and anal sex ; and fails to educate students on the stages of human reproduction , ” McDermott said , providing Hawaii Reporter with an early copy of his report .
“ Any talk of anal sex — which the curriculum does frequently — is instinctively repulsive for pre-pubescent children . Additionally , calling the anus a genital — as Pono Choices does — is just plain medically wrong , ” McDermott said .
Among his other arguments : the curriculum 's definition of oral sex is n't consistent with the definition commonly found in medical literature , data on condom use and effectiveness is inaccurate with regard to HPV , herpes , and HIV and the curriculum ignores the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 's warning regarding the risks of condom use when engaging in anal sex .
The DOE maintains the program is medically accurate , and points out parents can opt their children out of the program .
Parents are invited to a Pono Choices Parent Night through a letter that 's sent home with their child informing them their child will study teen pregnancy and sexually transmitted infection prevention as part of health education , the DOE in a statement in mid-December . They also learn how to use a condom as part of the program .
“ For any curriculum or lesson that addresses reproductive health , parents have the option of requesting that their child not receive the instruction , ” the DOE statement said .
However , McDermott said what parents are told — and students are taught — are very different .
“ The parental opt-out forms are woefully inadequate . They lack clarity and transparency by concealing some controversial aspects of the material , ” McDermott said .
In November , McDermott requested a copy of the curriculum , which was developed by the University of Hawaii . The DOE and university denied his request for several weeks .
McDermott said DOE spokeswoman Donalyn Dela Cruz told him in an email that the course material would n't be made public , but offered to have the lead researcher “ address any questions . ”
That researcher , Kelly Robert , told McDermott in a follow-up email : “ We are not releasing the curriculum or associated materials to anyone who has not gone through the Pono Choices training . ”
Once he obtained a copy and reviewed it with his staff attorney and others , McDermott felt the curriculum fails to inform children of the exponentially increased risks of male on male anal sex .
“ Such omission renders the entire document questionable at best and agenda-driven social engineering at worst , ” McDermott said .
The program is also contrary to state law and policies regarding abstinence-based sexual education , McDermott said .
“ The curriculum treats sexual activity before the age of 14 as a viable choice , despite the state sexual assault law , which puts the age of consent at 16 , ” McDermott said .
The DOE maintained in a statement that abstinence is taught , but McDermott said “ it is not the central message of the curriculum , ” which he said gives a mixed message .
The DOE pulled the program in late November 2013 to review it after parents and some legislators complained , but reinstated the program after two weeks and announced its expansion to other schools .
Others share McDermott 's concerns . Senate Minority Leader Sam Slom , R-Hawaii Kai-Diamond Head , agrees that parts of the curriculum are n't appropriate for middle school students .
Hawaii Republican Assembly , a local conservative organization , issued a statement Monday calling Pono Choices , “ Porno Choices ” and encouraged parents to attend both the BOE meeting Tuesday and the legislative briefing Wednesday .
“ It 's time to fight back , ” said organization spokesman Tito Montes .
Reach Malia Zimmerman at Malia @ hawaiireporter.com
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Comments
comments
The One Nation Senators had planned to address the Jewish community in Melbourne . They did n't even make first base . Michael Brull reports .
The Herald Sun loves to claim that white people saying racist things are being silenced for their totally reasonable and legitimate concerns about minority communities . It has already begun to spin the shocking tale of the day that far leftists silenced One Nation and stopped them from addressing a Jewish audience in Melbourne .
It is hard to take those claims seriously . What really happened is that a small but diverse group of Jews intended to protest One Nation . Rather than face a few hundred protestors , One Nation cancelled the event . There is no evidence that any violence was being planned , let alone that the heavy police presence would have been unable to contain it .
It appears that One Nation simply wanted to avoid the unpleasant spectacle of being confronted by Jewish protesters .
The ‘ anti-Semitic persecution ' of One Nation
The invitation to One Nation 's Senators Malcolm Roberts and Pauline Hanson came from Avi Yemini . Yemini lives in Melbourne , and founded IDF ( Israeli Defence Force ) Training . Aside from teaching Israeli martial art Krav Maga , it also teaches “ its members to use firearms like elite Israeli army snipers ” , according to Bianca Hall .
He also offers to “ help Australians join the Israel Defence Forces ” . Writing to gym members , Yemini explained that “ we help people interested in joining the IDF , by supporting them through the process of applying from Australia and ensuring their training is top notch so that they are physically prepared ” .
“ People will compare what we 're doing to Islamic State , but people need to remember there 's a big difference , ” said Yemini .
Yemini is a big fan of One Nation . And Andrew Bolt . It is hard to know what they might have in common .
About a week ago , Yemini commented on a story about Waleed Aly . Yemini explained “ If we 'd got our immigration policy right all those years ago , we would n't be stuck with this POS on our TV screens every night . Time to send Waleed home . # sickofhisshit ” .
When one of Donald Trump 's advisers was reported identifying Islam as a cancer , Yemini said “ I 'm feeling safer already ” .
Yemini apparently originally intended to book out a hall from Glen Eira City Council , but failed to fill out the necessary paperwork . Yemini concedes this is the case , but claims it was used as a pretext to deny them the space .
Roberts may have slightly tarnished the credibility of their case when he claimed that “ Yemini has been targeted because he is Jewish ” . He concluded that this “ bigoted cancellation ” demonstrated “ deep-seated and appalling anti-Semitic behaviour ” .
Fairfax reported that four of the nine councillors are Jewish . Roberts alleges that the Council said in a phone call they would “ never ” accommodate such a gathering , presumably because of their deep-seated anti-Semitism .
According to AIJAC , Roberts appears to have gathered his anti-Semitic persecution theory from Yemini . AIJAC explained that “ four of Glen Eira 's nine councillors are Jewish , and it regularly hires its venues to Jewish groups , so it seems very clear that the allegation of antisemitism was completely baseless . ”
Glen Eira Council similarly rejected Yemini and One Nations ' claims . Glen Eira Mayor Mary Delahunty said that “ Council 's facilities are available to all , but at short notice and at one of the busiest times of year , we were unable to safely accommodate a venue for 100-plus people plus the associated protesters and demonstrators without cancelling other long-held private bookings or community services on the day… The comments made by One Nation Senator Malcolm Roberts that the council is anti-Semitic are highly offensive ” .
Councillor Joel Silver , who is Jewish , was also outraged at the accusations .
“ Australia 's premier fascist party is coming to the Matzah Belt ”
When the event was announced on 16 November , the Facebook page Jews Against Fascism shared the news , commenting “ Australia 's premier fascist parliamentary party is coming to the matzah belt . ”
Scheduled for Sunday 4 December , they had about two and a half weeks of notice . An organising collective of six Jews formed , to protest the coming event . I interviewed two members of the collective , Jordy Silverstein and Bracha Rafael .
Jordy was designated the media spokesperson for the group . She told me that of the collective , some are “ involved in the AJDS ( Australian Jewish Democratic Society ) , some independent activists , some from Jews against Fascism , all Jewish . We share an anti-fascist , anti-racist perspective. ” She said that , “ We 've all done work in Jewish organisations , as well as in Indigenous solidarity , refugee solidarity , feminist and queer spaces . Some of us are from Holocaust survivor backgrounds , and we mostly have family histories of involvement in the Jewish community . Some of us attended Jewish schools and youth movements , others did n't . ”
Jordy is on something like the radical left of the Jewish community . My impression is that Bracha is closer to the centre left . As a child , Bracha attended Beth Rivkah Ladies College , a Melbourne Chabadnik school . Bracha then spent a gap year in Israel studying Judaica with the religious Zionist youth movement , Bnei Akiva . Coming back to Sydney , Bracha became a youth leader at politically non-partisan Jewish youth movement Hineni for a few years . She was also briefly involved in the Australasian Union of Jewish Students .
Bracha became the editor of online Jewish magazine Galus Australis for about 18 months . She is a member of an “ inclusive orthodox ” synagogue called Shira Hadasha , and has been involved in various interfaith dialogue initiatives and organisations .
When I asked about her political views , Bracha said that she is not a member of any political party . She is a member of a union , which is affiliated with the ALP .
A few members of Jews Against Fascism announced the protest , created the Facebook event , started reaching out to the Jewish community for support , and did some of the logistic work , such as organising the PA system for the event . Bracha got in touch , and offered to “ do my best to make sure that the event involved and was led by a broad cross-section of the Jewish community in Melbourne . I put a lot of effort into getting a really ideologically diverse bunch of Jewish groups to attend and speak at the event . ”
Bracha said her “ key role in the protest was to make it very clear that it 's not a far left cause to be opposed to Pauline Hanson… in the Jewish community the fringe is to defend her , the mainstream is to be very vigorously opposed and alarmed by the prospect of her coming to address the community . ”
Bracha was able to attract “ people who do not identify as far left , or even as left at all , who do n't have a tradition of protest , and were really quite jittery and intimidated by the prospect of turning up to something that to them seems really aggressive. ” They “ would 've been there anyway , because it really , really mattered to them ” .
She was proud that supporters of the protest “ spanned to the Liberal Party ” . She gave as an example Joel Silver , a member of the Liberal Party , and Councillor at Glen Eira City Council . Silver supported the pro-diversity picnic arranged by Bracha during the day of the event .
As the event approached , various Jewish groups denounced One Nation . The National Council of Jewish Women of Australia wrote , “ As Jews , we are particularly sensitive to the pernicious nature of racial hatred and hate speech… We stand firm against the policies and politics of those such as Pauline Hanson , Malcolm Roberts and the One Nation Party . We believe that people should not be judged by their ethnic origin or religion , but by their actions towards peace and the harmony of our community . ”
The small , progressive AJDS wrote that “ One Nation senators Pauline Hanson and Malcolm Roberts will be coming to Caulfield to spruik their divisive and racist politics to the Jewish community . Along with many others in the Jewish community , AJDS stands firmly opposed to the ideas which they put forward , standing instead for principles and practices of inclusion , diversity , and real , substantial multiculturalism . When they hold their meeting at a gym on December 4th , AJDS will stand together with many others out the front , making clear that we oppose the hatred and fear which One Nation – like other white supremacist groups internationally – foster in our society . ”
Five Jewish youth movements released a joint statement on the event . They said that “ we stand against the upcoming address by One Nation senators , Pauline Hanson and Malcolm Roberts to our community about the issue of Islamic immigration . Statements expressed by those attending are harmful to many members of Australian society , and we do not wish to be associated with any organisation that harbours hateful and derogatory views of others . Giving these people a platform within the Jewish community to speak is harmful , and does not align with the values that we hold as a Jewish community. ” They “ do not believe in the act of discriminating against others based on gender , race , religion or any other factor . ”
Bracha said that Rabbi Ralph Genende offered to read a statement of support at the protest . Jordy said that Rabbi Jonathan Keren-Black was also supportive .
“ The real reason the event was called off was the extent of Jewish community opposition ”
Police were planning to “ be out in force ” at the bowling club where the event was to be held . Yemini said “ hundreds ” of police were expected . They were expecting 200 attendees at the event , and hundreds of protesters . The Facebook event had some 300 listed as “ going ” . Bracha was hoping for a hundred people from the community to show up for the protest . A picnic for diversity organised by Bracha is still going ahead , and has a few dozen attendees .
On the Jews Against Fascism page , it was always made clear that the plan was for a peaceful protest . In one typical example , they described “ our street party to drown out racism and oppose One Nation . Bring your noisemakers – pots and pans , shofars , gaggers – wear loud cloths , and come down to make as much noise as we can . This will be a peaceful but noisy event ” .
Having been oppressed by the ‘ anti-Semites ' of Glen Eira City Council , One Nation then decided it was also being menaced by Jewish protestors . Andrew Bolt amplified this claim , identifying the Jewish protesters – organised by Jews , some of them descended from Holocaust survivors – as part of a “ neo-fascist Left ” .
I asked Bracha what she thought about claims that violence was being planned . She said “ I think that it was really clear from the Jews Against Fascism page that violence was not only not part of the plan , but was actively discouraged . I think that all the groups who committed to come , committed to come for a peaceful protest… . It was pretty clear that the protesters were not coming to start a fight , they were coming to make a statement . ”
Though the protests against One Nation were organised by Jews , and would have consisted overwhelmingly , if not entirely , of Jews , One Nation announced that the Jews were the real victims . Senator Roberts claimed that “ The Jewish community have been intimidated by the horrid and vicious left wing , chased from their communities , and forced to hide by these vile extremists ” .
This claim is so preposterous I wonder if Roberts is sufficiently in touch with reality to consciously lie .
Hanson 's comments suggest traditional political cynicism . She claimed that “ her high level of concern for the Jewish Community 's safety [ w ] as the primary reason for the cancellation of the event. ” It is a little hard to credit that a large police turnout could n't handle something like 100-200 protesters from the heart of the Jewish community .
Jordy rejected One Nation 's claims as “ bogus ” . She said that “ We were planning in cooperation with the Victoria Police a peaceful and safe protest . The real reason the event was called off was the extent of Jewish community opposition to the event . Hanson and Roberts and their Islamophobia are not welcome in Melbourne and not welcome in the Jewish community . ”
She noted that , “ A peaceful but loud protest had been organised by concerned members of the Jewish community . A broad cross-section of the community was expected to attend including religious leaders , youth movements , community organisations and social justice campaigners . ”
I asked Bracha how she felt about the cancellation . She said she was a “ little bit relieved , but only in a sense that the urgency has dissipated . But the issue is still there ” . Bracha “ was n't agitating to have the event cancelled… I was saying : even if it does n't happen on Sunday , it is going to happen , this issue is not going away . ”
One Nation absolutely should have the right to address public gatherings in Australia . However , given their propensity for wild accusations , and the publicly available facts of the protest , their allegations should be regarded sceptically unless and until they produce meaningful evidence .
“ You do not have anything to offer my community ”
I asked Jordy why she protested One Nation . She said :
“ We protested One Nation because they 're racist and fascist and their Islamophobia , antisemitism , racism and anti-immigrant attitudes are destructive and hateful . We want to be part of creating a community and a society which is oriented towards justice , and that means that the messages which One Nation are [ promoting ] are not welcome . We protested their coming to Caulfield as a way of standing in solidarity with those who are most subjected to their rhetoric and practice , and as a means of reaffirming an idea and practice of Jewishness which is based on inclusion , and real , substantial multiculturalism , and staunch opposition to antisemitism . We affirm : ‘ nisht keyn tsedek , nisht keyn sholem ‘ – no justice , no peace . ”
I asked Bracha why she thought the protest was worthwhile . She said that , “ the Jewish community does n't have the luxury of not having an opinion on Pauline Hanson ” . She thought that it was “ really important for the community ” that if a “ small number of far-right Jews ” turn up to the event , a “ larger number of mainstream Jews turned up to make it clear that they were unhappy about this . ”
I asked Bracha what her message to One Nation would have been if they had turned up . “ You do not have anything to offer my community , and my community knows this . ”
January 15 , 2016
What is Microsoft Azure
Microsoft Azure began as a Windows Server-based cloud platform but has since grown to become a very flexible cloud platform that enables developers to use any language , framework , or tool to build , deploy and manage applications . According to Microsoft , Azure features and services are exposed using open REST protocols . The Azure client libraries , which are available for multiple programming languages , are released under an open source license and hosted on GitHub .
Azure in Education Using Azure in your research or in teaching a course ? Microsoft is committed to supporting education and has various programs to meet your needs .
Microsoft has great news for Student developers . The company has made an announcement that it is providing Azure services at absolutely no cost for student developers . One can fully leverage the benefits which Microsoft Azure offers regarding speed and flexibility enabling the creation and development of websites and web apps . Microsoft Azure for student developers is available across 140 countries ; one can straight away go and deploy their apps without worrying about a credit card and at no cost.Students can take full advantage of this new offering as it provides an excellent platform for understanding and exploring the power of cloud through Microsoft Azure .
Steps to get free Free Windows Azure DreamSpark Subscription
Step 1 :
First , visit the Microsoft Azure for DreamSpark site .
If you do n't have a DreamSpark account already , you will need to activate it before you can have access to your Azure subscription . You 'll notice that the green “ Register Now ” option is disabled , and that is why
Step 2 : To To create your DreamSpark account
Click
Sign in or Create your DreamSpark Account
You will be prompted to sign in with a Microsoft account ( hotmail.com , live.com , outlook.com ) sign in using Microsoft Account If you do n't have Microsoft account To to create one click here
You will now see a screen where you specify your name , date of birth , preferred email . Consider selecting the checkbox so Microsoft can let you know about programs and offers in your area . After you have completed all the required fields elite , continue to verify .
Now , DreamSpark wants to prove that you are a student . There are five different ways of options to do this , pick the one that works for you ! ! ! ! ( I would recommend I have school email account option )
Step 3 :
Once you 're done , head back to the Microsoft Azure for DreamSpark site . The register option should now be available , and you should click register option ( Make sure to be signed in to your DreamSpark enabled Microsoft account before you do this ) .
After finishing the sign-up process Congrats ! ! ! ! Now you have free dream spark subscription Whenever you want to access your Azure account , only visit https : //portal.azure.com/ .
All you have to do now is wait , it should n't take more than a couple of minutes .
Now you have access to the portal . You can change your directory by clicking option on top right side of your username
If you have any problems with your DreamSpark account , Please leave a comment or contact DreamSpark support , if you have trouble activating your Azure benefit on the DreamSpark account contact Azure support .
The Dictionary of American Regional English , an ambitious lexicographical project first undertaken in 1962 , is set to reach the end of the alphabet for the first time next month . Harvard University Press will publish the fifth volume of the reference book , which collects examples of U.S. regional dialect from letters S ( `` slab '' ) through to Z ( `` zydeco '' ) , in March .
The dictionary started life at the University of Wisconsin-Madison under the guidance of Frederic Cassidy , who sought to compile thousands of examples of American linguistic variations into a single reference . By the time its founder passed away in 2000 , the project had yet to be completed , though an optimistic Cassidy had the rallying cry `` On to Z ! '' engraved on his tombstone .
The Guardian newspaper in the U.K. asked the DARE 's current chief editor , Joan Houston Hall , to come up with some of her favourite entries , and she suggested `` whoopensocker '' ( `` something extraordinary of its kind , especially a large or strong drink , chiefly used in Wisconsin '' ) , `` strubbly '' ( `` Pennsylvania German term for untidy '' ) and `` swivet '' ( `` a term for a state of anxiety from the South '' ) .
Of course , we here in Canada are no strangers to regional linguistic diversity , and it turns out that we 're not bad at chronicling it either , starting with compendia of our own national version of the English language . One of the biggest projects in this regard was the Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles , a lexicography that was conceived at a meeting of the Canadian Linguistic Association in 1954 and was completed by 1967 , just in time for Canada 's centennial celebrations ( and WAY ahead of Cassidy 's U.S. project ) .
The DCHP is both a Canada-wide dictionary and a compilation of unique regional variations of Canadian English . Members of the Department of English at the University of British Columbia are currently working to develop a second edition of the DCHP , in order to include what its website calls `` the rise of such ubiquitous Canadianisms as GST , grow-op , loonie , murder ball , Nanaimo bar , notwithstanding clause and seat sale . ''
As for specific regional dialects , such tomes as The Dictionary of Prince Edward Island English and The Dictionary of Newfoundland English already exist , the latter of which is published by the University of Toronto Press and available in a helpful online format .
Reading a dictionary , however , and mastering a dialect are two very different things , as George learned recently when Allan Hawco , of CBC-TV 's hit show Republic of Doyle , was in the red chair and tried to teach our host a phrase or two of Newfoundlandese . Check out the language lesson below :
Links :
The Guardian
The Wall Street Journal
Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles
Dictionary of Newfoundland English
Site for Language Management in Canada
Related Stories on Strombo.com
The Oxford Dictionary 's New Words for 2011 : Noob , Sexting , Woot , and More
SOMETHING YOU MIGHT NOT KNOW ABOUT CANADA : Allan Hawco on Descendants
Podcast video topics and time stamps :
6:38 - What made H2K write two letters to Riot ?
14:03 - Why H2K did not apply to join the NA LCS
20:30 - Silence from other EU LCS teams
22:38 - The cost of operating a EU LCS team
30:23 - What did H2K gain from attending Worlds 2016 ?
35:13 - The drawbacks of regionalization
43:29 - Creating a financial system that works in the EU LCS
53:00 - Why the EU LCS needs to change
H2k-Gaming may be absent from the 2017 LoL World Championships , but that does n't mean they are content with the future direction of the EU LCS .
On Sept. 28 , H2K published a letter urging Riot Games to develop a new structure for the EU LCS , particularly in regards to sharing revenue with the organizations competing in it . In light of the letter , H2K 's board co-chairman Richard Lippe told theScore esports Podcast that the lack of meaningful dialogue with Riot has led the team to take its efforts public in order to create a more productive discussion .
Find theScore esports Podcast on iTunes .
Click or tap here to listen in on SoundCloud .
`` We had been in continuing dialogue with Riot for an extended period of time dating back to when there was a letter that surfaced in 2016 from both the NA owners with the exception of Echo Fox and the EU owners which raised what the group collectively thought was the unsustainable ecosystem economically in League of Legends , '' Lippe said . `` And it really dated from there and it 's continued forward to this point in time . We have found that the dialogue with H2K in connection with Europe itself has n't been productive and we wanted to bring forth the issues we thought existed in the public forum . ''
This is the second letter that H2K have published in a month , following a letter published on Sept. 1 that stated that the organization would not remain in the EU LCS after the 2017 season unless a new operating and financial structure was created . Lippe clarified that this second letter was preceded by a non-public letter that was sent to Riot a week beforehand , which has yet to be responded to .
This lack of communication with Riot is directly responsible for much of H2K 's actions according to Lippe , and he wishes that they would be much more willing to discuss the economic models currently in place for the league .
`` If Riot were to make public the participation agreement that the EU owners have signed , if they were to make public what the economic relationships with the teams were , if they were to make public their overall strategy and approach , if they make clear what the nature of their broadcasting deals are , what advertising goes on or does n't go on , what kind of revenues arise , '' he said . `` If all of this were public , then probably 90 percent of what we have done would be entirely unnecessary , but the reality is because of this total lack of information , no one really has a good handle on what 's going on . ''
In order to make the EU LCS more financially viable for for teams competing in it , Lippe believes that revenue sharing would be the best route going forward , with teams receiving a different percentage of shares depending on several factors .
`` What I would do is I would say that the legacy teams should be guaranteed a certain annual stipend , '' he said . `` But that revenue sharing should exist for all the teams , new teams coming in and the legacy teams . And the revenue sharing should be based on a number of factors including competitive success , viewership , the level of branding , things of that nature . So that it would be a hybrid system where the current teams get economic stipend or reward for what they 've done , and all teams participate in revenue sharing based on what they do in the future . ''
While H2K have continually pressured Riot to update the structure of the EU LCS , other teams have not been as active in comparison . Lippe believes that the owners of other EU LCS teams want to remain on good terms with Riot , while H2K have pressed Riot because they believe that they have little to lose if they were forced to leave .
`` Given the experience in 2016 where Riot took some very tough positions , the rest of the owners in Europe who own a team want to stay on relatively good terms with Riot and are n't prepared to take the risk that H2k is prepared to take , '' Lippe said . `` Our view is there 's not a lot of downside risk here . If we do n't speak up and things continue as they are , we 'll be forced to leave the league because we are not gon na continue to fund a million dollar or a million euro deficits . And that is something that inevitably must happen unless we would be prepared to adopt a completely different budget going forward in operations . ''
Preston Dozsa is a news editor for theScore esports . You can follow him on Twitter .
Josh `` Gauntlet '' Bury is a news editor for theScore esports . You can find him on Twitter .
Gabriel Zoltan-Johan is a news editor at theScore esports and the head analyst for the University of Toronto League of Legends team . His ( public ) musings can be found on his Twitter .
The future of a bumble bee species is something that man — not nature — can change , experts say .
The rusty patched bumble bee was included earlier this month as an endangered species , becoming the first wild bee in the continental United States to gain federal protection status . In September , seven varieties of a yellow-faced bee in Hawaii were listed as endangered .
Disappearing bees is a significant problem for farmers because bumble bees are essential pollinators of about a third of all U.S. crops , according to the Xerces Society for Invertebrate Conservation , which petitioned the government for protection of the insect .
Rick Becker , a Trumbull County bee inspector who operates an apiary out of Heritage Farms in North Bloomfield , said the plight of the bumble bee goes hand in hand with that of the honey bee . Disappearing floral is hurting the insects ' pollination habits , which in turn does harm to crops .
The rusty patched bumble bee , named for the reddish mark on its abdomen , once flourished across 28 states , primarily in the Great Lakes and Northeast regions . Now it can be found in less than half as many states .
Barbara Bloetscher , entomologist for the Ohio Department of Agriculture , say wildlife officials do n't have a good handle of the numbers of rusty patched bumble bees , so the federal agency will be surveying the areas over the next few months to get a more accurate count .
The U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service attributed the bumble bee 's decline to such factors as disease , pesticides , climate change and habitat loss .
“ The severe fluctuations in temperatures that we have been having during one day recently have n't been good for both honey bees and bumble bees , ” Becker said .
The bumble bee has dropped nearly 90 percent in populations since the late 1990s , the federal agency said . The rusty patched species is just one of 47 bumble bee types native to the U.S. and Canada , with about a quarter of them endangered for extinction , the agency said .
Although bumble bees do n't produce honey , they are affected by the same neonictoinoids , a certain class of pesticides , that harm their honey bee cousins , Becker said . He said the bumble bee 's longer tongue can pollinate places the honey bee ca n't .
The Endangered Species Act prohibits significant modification or degradation of habitat that leads directly to death or injury of listed species . The Fish and Wildlife Service said it had n't yet developed a strategy for dealing with private landowners regarding the rusty patched bumble bee , which it said already has disappeared from large-scale farming areas and is found mostly in yards and gardens .
Official urges landowners and local organizations to use “ bee-friendly practices , ” including native flowering plants for landscaping , planting more flowers and trees and avoiding use of pesticides that harm bees .
“ People 's love for the perfect green lawn is definitely a factor , ” Becker said , adding that pesticides widely used on crops , lawns , gardens and forests are absorbed into a plant 's entire system , including leaf tissue , nectar and pollen . “ More simply , a bee has nowhere to go if your lawn is free of dandelions . ”
Bloetscher urged local gardeners to plant more flowers , even herbs , to help with the pollination process .
“ Every little bit helps , ” she said .
Beth Haddle , a Howland beekeeper , said she is part of an initiative called the Bee Buffer Project , which is trying to create a foraging habitat of pollen and nector sources , small plots of land to help with bee health .
“ What 's good for the honey bee , would ultimately be good for those bumble bees , ” Becker said .
The Pollinator Stewardship Council , a national lobbyist for the bee industry , emphasizes it does not want to ban pesticides for farmers , but urges good stewardship between beekeepers and farmers .
“ The beekeeping industry contributes $ 20 to $ 30 billion to U.S. agriculture , as pollinators helped to create our nuts , fruits , vegetables and seed crops , but still bees contributors are deemed by the EPA as not essential , ” the video claims that the Environment Protection Agency is not protecting pollinators . ”
According to the Xerces Society for Invertebrate Conservation , which asked for the protective status , the bumble bees are essential pollinators of wildflowers and a third of all U.S. crops ranging from blueberries to tomatoes .
The Associated Press contributed to this story .
gvogrin @ tribtoday.com
The driver of a semitrailer truck who illegally drove through the Lowry Hill Tunnel last week and damaged overhead lighting might be getting a hefty bill from the Minnesota Department of Transportation . That is , as soon as officials identify the driver .
A video released Tuesday shows the westbound big rig with the letters JNJ displayed on the top of its cab rounding the curve inside the tube during last Friday 's morning rush hour and its trailer clipping off 47 lights affixed to the wall adjacent to the inside lane as it passed through .
Video ( 00:35 ) : MnDOT cameras show a semitrailer truck hitting overhead lights as it drives through the Lowry Hill Tunnel . Video ( 00:35 ) : MnDOT cameras show a semitrailer truck hitting overhead lights as it drives through the Lowry Hill Tunnel .
Fixtures , light bulbs and large metal pieces rained down on passing motorists and littered the traffic lanes with debris . A few pieces were so big that construction workers nearby stopped traffic for a moment while they picked them up and tossed them over a concrete barrier .
Trucks and vehicles over 9,000 pounds have been banned from the Lowry Hill Tunnel since late June , when MnDOT reduced the number of traffic lanes to two in each direction and at times have had motorist sharing one side of the tunnel . Take note : Another switch is coming Friday when all traffic will be shifted to the westbound side of the tunnel with two lanes in each direction . That is similar to the configuration last month when drivers shared the eastbound lanes .
Large vehicles were banned because of the narrow traffic lanes - only 10 feet wide instead of the normal 12 - and that created a safety hazard due to the squeeze , said spokesman David Aeikens .
Low clearance also was among the reasons for the decision , but not all truckers have not followed the ban . Friday 's case was another example of that , and of the damage it can cause .
`` We really need trucks to say out , '' Aeikens said . `` We think some are in there deliberately . We need folks [ oversize vehicles ] to stay out of there . ''
Troopers were called to the tunnel at 6:57 a.m. after a motorist following the truck saw damage and took photos of the truck , said Lt. Tiffani Nielson of the State Patrol .
The patrol is still looking for the driver , who could be cited for criminal damage to property , Nielson said .
Meanwhile , MnDOT is searching for replacement lights , a difficult task since the company that made the original lights no longer does so . MnDOT also took down lights that were intact to protect them from getting damaged , Aeikens said .
The job for finding the driver is in the hands of the patrol , Aeikens said . But , he said , `` if we figure out who did it , we will send them a bill , '' he added .
Have you broken into vacant buildings to steal metal fixtures and pipes , causing severe damage to the properties ?
If so , you may be in for a big payday .
A Southfield-based law firm has posted dozens of banners on abandoned buildings across Detroit , looking for scrappers who have mesothelioma , a deadly lung cancer caused by asbestos exposure .
“ Scrappers beware ! ” warns the banners , posted by 1-800-LAW-FIRM . “ Beware of the silent killer ! ”
Asbestos is an acute danger to scrappers because old buildings often are contaminated by the toxic fibers . Asbestos was popular in building materials because it was fire-resistant and an excellent insulator . By removing the piping and other materials , scrappers risk exposure .
“ With growing evidence that companies that manufactured asbestos products were well-aware of its potential for causing cancer , it is critical that they are held responsible , ” reads the law firm 's website . “ Only through successful litigation can we help prevent corporations from exploiting human life by covering up the potentially dangerous side-effects of their products in order to make a lavish profit . ”
7 photos of scrappers in Detroit .
Asbestos litigation is an alluring target for lawyers because the payouts are sizable . The average award for an asbestos-related lawsuit is about $ 13 million , according to a tabulation of settlements and verdicts over the past three years by Westlaw Journal Asbestos .
Asbestos litigation “ is a constant search for viable defendants , ” Lester Brickman , a professor at Yeshiva University and vocal critic of asbestos lawsuits , told the New York Times .
With 85,000 vacant buildings , Detroit has plenty of asbestos .
We 've all experienced the strong heartbeat that accompanies emotions such as fear and rage . But can the body 's natural response to these emotions be used to combat heart failure ? Results of a study published online in the journal Circulation Research present a strong case .
In the study , scientists from the University of Rochester Medical Center found that two experimental drugs have the potential to restore pumping strength to failing hearts in part by harnessing the fight-or-flight response that makes hearts beat stronger .
At the center of this finding is the hormone adrenalin , which normally maintains the heart 's pumping strength and makes the heart beat with greater force during crisis . The newly identified drugs ensure that adrenalin 's ability to drive heartbeat strength is maintained , and not thwarted , as it typically is in heart failure patients . The two therapies , when tested in human-like mouse models of heart failure , were found to slow , and in some cases halt , the progression of the disease .
`` Considering the limited efficacy of current drug therapies for heart failure , this discovery is both exciting and promising , '' said Burns C. Blaxall , Ph.D. , associate professor within the Aab Cardiovascular Research Institute at the Medical Center , and senior author of the study . `` We are now taking a closer look at how these compounds compare to standard heart failure therapies , such as beta blockers , to further determine their efficacy in treating the disease . ''
When the heart stops pumping as effectively as it should , the body responds by sending more adrenalin to give the heart a pick-me-up . While increased adrenalin initially restores the heart 's vitality , over time heart muscle cells become less and less responsive to high levels of adrenalin , triggering the body to pump even more of the hormone to the heart . Elevated adrenalin is a hallmark of heart failure , and a recent study linked anxiety -- which increases adrenalin -- in teens and young adults to a higher risk of heart disease or heart attack later in life .
Blaxall 's lab is part of a nationwide effort that has linked adrenalin 's ability to propel heartbeat strength to a key protein , the beta adrenergic receptor . When adrenalin combines with this receptor it orders heart muscle cells to contract with greater speed and force . The problem in heart failure patients is that these receptors are chronically desensitized -- they no longer respond to adrenalin , so the heart grows weak and does not pump as forcefully as it should .
`` While adrenalin desensitization has been studied extensively , this is the first report of compounds that effectively target this specific process to reduce heart failure , '' said Blaxall . The desensitization is caused in large part by elevated levels of a particular enzyme ( G-protein-coupled receptor kinase 2 or GRK2 ) when it interacts with G-proteins .
This research was conducted in collaboration with Alan Smrcka , Ph.D. , professor in the Department of Pharmacology & Physiology at the Medical Center whose laboratory discovered compounds that could block GRK2 regulation by G proteins . Smrcka 's research team conducted extensive screening and testing to identify these experimental compounds . Two such compounds , M119 and Gallein , were identified and put to the test .
`` In this study we took an entirely new pharmacological approach by altering signaling pathways after the beta adrenergic receptor rather than altering the receptor itself . In this way the actions of adrenalin are modified rather than blocked as with other therapies , such as beta blockers , '' said Smrcka . `` This novel approach is applicable in heart failure and may be useful in other conditions as well . ''
Blaxall 's team found that Gallein not only slowed , but halted heart failure progression when delivered to mice with pre-existing heart failure . Similarly , M119 reduced two characteristics of the disease -- strain-related thickening of muscle tissue ( hypertrophy ) and scar tissue formation ( fibrosis ) . Both compounds partially normalized the force of heart muscle contraction by making sure the beta adrenergic receptors became and remained responsive to adrenalin . This was done by both decreasing overall levels of GRK2 in the heart and by limiting its effectiveness .
M119 and Gallein have been used in a similar way in the past to target the receptor desensitization process that occurs in other conditions , such as chronic pain . For example , Smrcka and his collaborator Jean Bidlack , Ph.D. , professor of Pharmacology and Physiology at the Medical Center , have shown M119 can reverse the desensitization of opiate receptors , which in turn increases the efficacy of painkillers such as morphine . M119 and Gallein are not known drugs ; they are compounds that act as dyes , or stains , and were previously not known to have any therapeutic activity .
This research addresses a health problem that affects nearly 6 million Americans . The result of underlying problems like coronary artery disease , high blood pressure or heart attack damage , heart failure is the gradual loss of the heart 's ability to pump with enough force to meet the body 's need for blood . Half of patients will not live five years past the day they are diagnosed . The best treatment for a severe heart failure patient is a transplant , but with just over 2,000 transplants done each year and more than 3,000 people on the waiting list at any given time , research like this is needed to find new options for patients .
The current research was funded by the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute ( NHLBI ) and the Institute for General Medicine at the National Institutes of Health and the University of Rochester Medical Center . Blaxall 's lab recently received additional funding from the NHLBI to compare the newly identified compounds to current standard therapies for heart failure in human-like mouse models . Blaxall , Smrcka and their team are seeking partnerships to further develop these compounds .
In addition to Blaxall and Smrcka , the following individuals from the University of Rochester Medical Center contributed to this research : Liam Casey , Ph.D. , post-doctoral associate and co-first author of the study ; Andrew Pistner , medical student and co-first author ; post-doctoral associates Stephen Belmonte , Ph.D. , and Alessandra Matavel , Ph.D. ; Dmitriy Migdalovich , medical student ; Olga Stolpnik and Frances Nwakanma , graduate students ; Gabriel Vorobiof , M.D. , cardiology fellow ; Olga Dunaevsky , technician ; and Coeli Lopes , Ph.D. , assistant professor in the Aab Cardiovascular Research Institute .
NIS announces Exile Election for PS4 , PS Vita [ Update ]
A new adventure game .
Nippon Ichi Software has announced Tsuihou Senkyo , or Exile Election , a new adventure game for PlayStation 4 and PS Vita , in the latest issue of Weekly Famitsu .
First teased last week , Famitsu reports that the game is set in a closed amusement park where an “ election ” in which life and death hangs in the balance will begin . The game features 12 characters and a unique mascot character named Alice . Development is currently 90 percent complete .
Thanks , Famitsu .
Update 6:40 a.m. : Exile Election will launch in Japan on April 27 for 6,980 yen on PlayStation 4 and 5,980 yen on PS Vita .
The game starts when a mysterious mechanical doll named “ Alice , ” who calls itself the administrator , proposes a type of killing each other known as discussion . The player will challenge a death game swirling with schemes and expectations .
The protagonist 's name is Kaname Ichijou ( voiced by Yoshitaka Yamaya ) . He is Misa Ichijou 's older brother , who always keeps calm , even in strange situations .
These are the rest of the characters :
Alice ( voiced by Hiromi Igarashi )
Ichika Houshi ( voiced by Yurika Endo )
Misa Ichijou ( voiced by Marika Kono )
Miori Himeno ( voiced by Nao Shiraki )
Yuuri Himeno ( voiced by Natsumi Fujiwara )
Michimine Isurugi ( voiced by Tomoki Inoue )
Hakushuu Isumi ( voiced by Shun'ichi Toki )
Izuki Ayara ( voiced by Taku Yashiro )
Aasha Tadenomiya ( voied by Risae Matsuda )
Kaasha Tadenomiya ( voiced by Satsumi Matsuda )
Shihori Yurizono ( voiced by Ayaka Imamura )
Issei Ninchouji ( voiced by Kengo Kawanishi )
Here is the staff :
Producer : Moto Sugunuma
Director : Akihiro Arahori
Character Designer : Namanie
Scenario : Maoto Nishikawa
Thanks , Hachima Kikou .
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - China blocked a long-planned Thanksgiving visit to Hong Kong by a U.S. aircraft carrier group , then abruptly changed its mind on Thursday .
The USS Kitty Hawk carrier is anchored at Malaysia 's West Port in Port Klang , outside Kuala Lumpur , August 28 , 2007 . China refused permission for the USS Kitty Hawk and accompanying vessels to visit Hong Kong for a long-planned Thanksgiving holiday visit -- and then changed its mind . REUTERS/Bazuki Muhammad
But it was too late to save the holiday visit . A U.S. official said the trip has since been scrapped and the ships continued steaming to their Japanese base .
The USS Kitty Hawk group and its 8,000 airmen and sailors were expected in Hong Kong on Wednesday , but the U.S. State Department said the visit had been refused by China .
Hundreds of relatives of U.S. crew members had flown to Hong Kong to celebrate Thanksgiving on Thursday . Later in the day , China appeared to have relented , announcing the carrier would be allowed to stop by the former British colony after all .
“ We have decided to allow the Kitty Hawk to stay in Hong Kong during Thanksgiving , ” Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Jianchao told a news conference . “ It is a decision based on humanitarian considerations only . ”
But a spokesman for the U.S. Pacific Fleet in Hawaii told Reuters the ships were not heading back to Hong Kong and were on course towards the Kitty Hawk 's base in Japan .
“ The Kitty Hawk 's returning to Yokosuka , ” said Lieutenant Commander John Filostrat . He said he was not in a position to say why the ships did not head to Hong Kong after the Chinese reversal or if a turnaround had been too late .
“ When they were refused entry they began heading back and that remains the situation ” , he said .
The holiday misadventure has left families dismayed and could become a diplomatic tiff .
“ I miss my daddy , ” said Mark Curry , 14 , whose father is aboard one of the vessels . “ We thought he was going to be there , but we do n't know what actually happened . I was just depressed . ”
MEETING WITH DALAI LAMA TO BLAME ?
The Chinese move came as a surprise just weeks after a visit to China by U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates , which he hoped would lead to a long-term dialogue .
Spokesman Liu did not say why the ships had been blocked in the first place , but there are issues that might have prompted Beijing 's action .
Washington plans to sell Taiwan a $ 940 million upgrade to its missile system and there was last month 's meeting between U.S. President George W. Bush and the Dalai Lama , the Tibetan Buddhist leader whom Beijing considers a traitor .
Last year , a Chinese submarine surfaced unusually close to the Kitty Hawk near the Japanese island of Okinawa , an incident that highlighted the potential for friction between the two powers .
Beijing 's move coincided with “ airspace controls ” introduced on Wednesday which the Xinhua news agency said affected the air travel plans of 7,000 people in south and east China .
The controls had been ordered for “ unspecified reasons ” .
The Kitty Hawk , laid down in 1956 , has the second longest active service of any ship in the U.S. navy after the USS Constitution , a 208-year-old ceremonial sailing ship kept in Boston Harbor .
It is the only conventionally fuelled carrier in the U.S. fleet and is due to be decommissioned next year .
Hong Kong , especially its raucous Wanchai bar district , has long been a regular port of call for resting U.S. sailors . The Kitty Hawk visited there for a Thanksgiving stopover in 2005 .
“ For a lot of guys , this ( Hong Kong ) is their favorite port in the entire area of operations for us in the Western Pacific , ” a U.S. navy member told Reuters .
“ Everyone in Wanchai is disappointed , ” said Cady Chan , the manager of the New Makati Inn , a popular nightspot for sailors .
“ This was the last time the Kitty Hawk was coming to Hong Kong , this would have been a red-hot time . ”
Remember when it took you over an hour to bust out of the sewers in Oblivion ? Sure , you were eager to play the game , but that nose was just too wide and those cheekbones a bit too gaunt to save the world with . BioWare is hoping to kill this problem in the PC version Dragon Age : Origins with the release of the Origins “ Character Creator , ” the exact tool players will be using at the beginning of the game to build their unique characters . And the best part is that it 's coming out October 13th -- weeks in advance of the games release .
It 's an anal RPG face creator 's dream come true .
The Character Creator will allow every type of character throughout the game 's six chapters to be created in advance . Also , because it 's ripped from the game , the save files will transfer to the PC version seamlessly . No more wading in a pool and fixing eye color before playing the game .
No word if this tool could make its way to consoles . As Eurogamer notes , the wording is “ currently only available to PC players. ” Looks like PC gaming has won once again . Somehow .
Dragon Age : Origins hits November 3rd .
[ via Eurogamer ]
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
Hello fellow travelers ,
In December , I was lucky enough to head to Vienna , Austria for a few days . I was so excited to see the beautiful , old architecture and landscapes . But what about vegan food ? After all , Vienna is the land of the sachertorte cake and schnitzel . I was pleasantly surprised by a wealth of vegan options almost everywhere I went and a solid number of vegetarian/ vegan-specific restaurants . Below is my brief round up of the fantastic vegan food I tasted during my trip and some mouth watering photos , too !
Enjoy , fellow vegan travelers !
Jocelyn
Swing Kitchen
Schottenfeldgasse 3 , 1070 Vienna
Mo – Su , 11:00 – 22:00
Do you love a good veggie burger ? Interested in a vegan take on the traditional schnitzel ? Well , you 're in luck ! Swing Kitchen has you covered for all of your vegan , fast food cravings . The menu is limited – simply burgers , wraps , a few sides , and a handful of desserts . But the food is good and the portions are generous .
For around €8 you can get a burger or wrap and their “ best fries in Vienna , ” cole slaw or a salad plus a soft drink . The set up of the restaurant is casual . You walk up to order and then you wait until your order number appears on a TV screen on the wall before collecting your food .
I have to admit that I may have eaten at Swing Kitchen more than once during my week-long trip . Hey , it was a five minute walk form my hotel , 100 % vegan , and tasty . Can you blame me ? The vegan schnitzel was fantastic , and I ca n't really say it reminded me of any vegan-faux meat I 've had in the US . Additionally , the fries are perfectly crispy , the slaw was good , and their desserts could fool any non-vegan !
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
Yamm ! at Naschmarkt
Stand 285-289/ A7/ 1060 Vienna
Mon – Wed. : 8:00am – 11:00pm ; Thur . – Fri. : 8:00am – 11:30pm ; Sat . : 9:00am – 11:30pm ; Sun . : 9:00am – 1:00pm
Yamm ! at Naschmarkt is a must stop . First , the market is such a nice afternoon stroll . You can buy local goods from rows of vendors as well as purchase many different food items , such as fresh brewed coffee/ tea or dried fruits . Plus , the architecture in the area is gorgeous . It 's basically art .
The Yamm ! stand has very limited meal options compared to the stand alone shop . I lucked out and visited the stand on taco day . I honestly could n't tell you what veggies and sauces were used on the tacos , but they were delicious ! They did n't taste anything like a a traditional taco but boy were they satisfying ! This place is well worth seeking out if you are looking for vegetarian/ vegan food in Vienna .
Xu 's Kitchen
1070 Vienna , Kaiserstraße 45 , in the yard
11:30am – 3:00pm ; 5:30pm – 11:00pm
Xu 's is an all-vegetarian , gluten-free asian restaurant . The menu includes classic vegetarian dishes and asian cuisine which look like meat or fish but are made of soybeans or tofu . The gem of this restaurant is their all-you-can-eat lunch buffet which runs from 11:30am – 3:00pm daily .
The buffet includes a number of appetizers like spring rolls or wonton soup , as well as , five main course options , salads , and desserts . Some dishes do include dairy . Simply , ask the waitress how you can identify the vegan/ non-vegan items at the bar if you visit . Interestingly , when I visited the vegan items were marked with a star on their name placard .
I filled up on Szechwan tofu , mango curry , steamed vegetables , tempura , and way too many spring rolls . To round out the meal , they even had vegan red bean sesame balls ! The best part , this filling , all-you-can-eat meal is just € 8,90 or € 10,90 on weekends/ holidays . You do n't want to miss Xu 's Kitchen if you 're looking for a vegan-friendly meal in Vienna !
Die Waffelmacher
Ahhhhh , Vienna . While sipping hot wine at a Christmas market I stumbled upon … vegan waffles ! I could n't believe my eyes . The small stand had the international vegan symbol , and even though the writing was all in German , I could tell some of the signs were discussing vegan options ! I felt like I hit the lottery !
After much consideration , I opted for a vegan cinnamon and sugar waffle , and it was delicious ! I should have gone back for seconds… Unfortunately , I do n't think the company has a stand alone restaurant , as it seems like they may only service pop up shops . If you head to Vienna during the winter , be sure to visit the winter market outside the Belvedere palace and get some vegan waffles !
The extent to which Reince Priebus 's appointment as White House chief of staff has been greeted in mainstream quarters as a reassuring sign that Donald Trump is going to govern the country in a responsible way is , itself , a disturbing sign . It 's true that Priebus seems broadly competent and unlike Steve Bannon does n't have a long record of promoting bigotry in public life .
But to congratulate Trump on mainstreaming bigotry through his No . 2 White House official rather than his No . 1 staff pick sets an appallingly low bar . Running the American government is an enormous job with enormous consequences . The choices the president makes deserve to be held to the highest possible standard , not a low bar of minimal acceptability .
Trump landed on Priebus , fairly clearly , because he gets along with him personally and because Priebus also gets along with congressional Republican leaders . That 's nice . But for a president with no relevant experience or qualifications to be picking key staff positions largely on the basis of their ability to be nice to Donald Trump is a disaster . Some are sketching out the Priebus/Bannon relationship as analogous to the dual power structure of Andy Card and Karl Rove in George W Bush 's White House . But the analogy fails entirely .
Priebus , like Rove , is a professional political operative with no experience in government . Card was a veteran elected official who served four years as deputy chief of staff in the George H.W . Bush administration . And Bush himself served six years as governor of a large state . In the Trump/Priebus/Bannon axis that 's running the government , there 's nobody who has any idea how to run the government .
Donald Trump needs help running the federal government
Americans rarely elect presidents who have any meaningful experience working in the executive branch of the federal government . Trump is not the first president-elect who overcame a lack of relevant experience by arguing that the country needed an outsider in the White House , and he wo n't be the last .
The fact of the matter is , however , that the executive branch of the federal government is a large and complicated entity . You have foreign affairs to manage , but also a vast bureaucracy . You have your White House staff but also your various Cabinet agencies . Then there are the independent agencies , each of which has its own quirks . There 's the press , there 's Congress , and there 's dealing with state and local governments when you need to coordinate on a local issue of national significance .
Successful presidents are normally helped in this task by chiefs of staff who are themselves well-versed in the operations of the federal government .
From time to time , presidents break this mold — as Jimmy Carter did with Hamilton Jordan and Bill Clinton did with Mack McLarty — but the result is usually disaster . Clinton soon wised up and elevated Leon Panetta , his Office of Management and Budget Director and veteran House member , to be his new chief . He went on to have a largely successful tenure as president . Carter stuck far too long with an outsider regime , and despite good intentions and Democratic congressional majorities he never really managed to be an effective president .
And Clinton and Carter were both former governors , experienced in a structurally similar , albeit smaller-scale , job than the presidency . Trump has no experience working in government at any level . He did n't even serve in the military .
Really , Donald Trump needs help
Here is a stunning passage from a Wall Street Journal report on the meeting between Trump and Barack Obama at the White House :
During their private White House meeting on Thursday , Mr. Obama walked his successor through the duties of running the country , and Mr. Trump seemed surprised by the scope , said people familiar with the meeting . Trump aides were described by those people as unaware that the entire presidential staff working in the West Wing had to be replaced at the end of Mr. Obama 's term .
This is just to say that Trump is n't kidding around about being an outsider to national politics . Neither he nor his inner circle of advisers — a group that seems to be largely composed of his children — have any experience working in the government or even a demonstrated interest in American politics .
Priebus is very well-suited to helping Trump with one particular aspect of the job — managing personal relationships with Republican members of Congress and the major donors to the party .
But Trump is really going to have to run the federal government . A lot of people would like to get the president 's attention on any given day , for example . You ca n't just let the president exclusively meet with the people he likes , or you might miss a major crisis . But you ca n't just let any agency head who claims to have a major crisis barge into the Oval Office . Nor can you simply delegate authority . Agencies need to work together . Dispute need to be resolved .
Under the circumstances , it would be extremely helpful to have a chief of staff who has worked in a previous White House and seen how a previous chief of staff did the job . A person who could make deliberate , informed decisions about the best way to meld the traditional structure of the role with Trump 's personality and preferences . Someone like Joel Kaplan or Blake Gottesman , both of whom served as deputy chiefs during George W. Bush 's relatively successful second term , would be the obvious picks .
America faces a staggering range of potential disasters
Trump 's elevation to the presidency has people worried about everything from the collapse of America 's democratic institutions to the spectacle of violence in the streets .
But it 's worth recalling that any presidency also features a range of more or less banal crises in which the fate of the nation and the world is nonetheless at stake . Can Trump really tear up the nuclear agreement with Iran without completely destablizing the Persian Gulf , for example ? I 'm not sure , I 'm sure that Trump is not sure , and I 'm frankly skeptical that Priebus is the right person to figure it out .
From the Mariel boatlift to Hurricane Katrina to the 2014 Ebola virus outbreak , weird apolitical crises strike and need to be handled . Financial markets sometimes need soothing . Sometimes it looks like a war is going to break out in the Taiwan Strait .
It 's great that Trump has decided to make the premier digital popularizer of white nationalism the second most important person in his White House rather than the first . But the presidency is still a really big job that Trump has no relevant experience for . Priebus works as an “ establishment ” figure who has also earned Trump 's trust . But he 's never worked in the White House or even in Wisconsin state government . Trump needs people who can help him actually run the government . More to the point , the country needs people who can help Trump actually run the government .
Falling over ourselves to praise Priebus as a responsible choice simply sets the bar too low given the stakes .
Welcome to the newest issue of the Developer Digest series . Here you can find out more about game development directly from the developers – this time from an interview with one of the lead Armored Warfare developers , Felix `` Nakoomba '' Kupis , given by Cristina , an esteemed streamer !
What will happen to Stingray in Balance 2.0 ?
It will be a beast !
What about recoil in Balance 2.0 ?
Balance 2.0 vehicles will generally have more recoil .
Will camouflage factor play an important role in Balance 2.0 ?
It will , yes , now that we have fixed its code .
Gun mantlets on the T-series tanks seem to be too weak ?
They are weak in real life as well . But we 'll buff them a bit .
Balance 2.0 HEAT feels really strong !
So it was in real life – HEAT is deadly up until Tier 4 or so . It does n't do well against sloped armor , however , and aiming it is more difficult .
Anything in store for British vehicles ?
We 'll probably be improving HESH even further compared to the early Balance 2.0 tests – its penetration is still too low . HESH will also be a separate ammo type , not a HE sub-type .
And some tuning for the Americans ?
Abrams Multi-Purpose HEAT is really strong at high tiers .
Will the penetration indicator change in Balance 2.0 ?
Yes . Green will mean a 50 percent or higher chance of penetration , not 100 percent .
What 's the status of the Chieftain series armor layout in Balance 2.0 ?
The composition and thickness is based on reality , which means that the hull is not so great . Hull-down gameplay is required .
Speaking of the Chieftain , is n't the model still oversized ?
No , we checked . Some other vehicles are undersized , however , like the Challenger . After Update 0.19 , we will do a size check for all vehicles .
Is it possible to give the now-direct-fire Paladins the Copperhead guided round ? It could have Missile Noise like ATGMs ?
That 's a good idea , we 'll test that .
The direct-fire SPG turret traverse rate seems too slow .
We 'll improve it soon .
Will Update 0.19 still come in January ?
There 's a lot of ground to cover . It will probably be February .
Did the sniping change in Balance 2.0 ?
Yes . We improved the zoom factor of Tank Destroyers to 20x . The MBTs on the other hand only have 12x zoom factor . Other classes will have 15x .
And what about Zhalo-S in Balance 2.0 ?
Its spotting ability will be brought on par with other vehicles , but it will still retain its good camouflage factor .
When will you finally advertise the game more ?
Marketing will start sometime after 0.20 . The operators will advertise when Balance 2.0 is in good shape .
Are there any former service members working for Obsidian Entertainment ?
Sure , our lead UI developer for example is a former Abrams crew member .
What 's up with AI opponents doing snapshots ? It looks as if they do n't aim at all .
They do have aim times in fact . This effect you see is caused by client-server lag .
Current PvE is too easy !
It should be much tougher in Balance 2.0 .
Were there any changes made to the APS mechanism since the Balance 2.0 articles came out ?
No , but we might increase the APS reload time since it takes no skill to use . In any case , there will be no APS below Tier 6 .
Any plans for improved vehicle customization ?
Yes , we are working on a new skin system . When it 's implemented , it will also fix a lot of current color issues . We started base-coloring tanks more realistically too – for example the famous desert sand color for the Abrams .
Will Merkava IID get an upgrade ?
It will have the 105mm LAHAT ATGMs and its applique armor .
An idea about artillery – how about leaving damaging shells direct-fire only and having indirect fire mode for illumination and smoke shells ?
Indirect fire mode wo n't be coming back .
Are there plans for a statistics reset option ?
There is a possibility of introducing a one-time only statistics reset along with the introduction of Balance 2.0 , but we do not currently have specific details to share .
That 's it for today . See you in the next issue !
M ost moviegoers view Alfred Hitchcock 's Psycho as the spoiler of showers and the death knell of motels . After seeing the film , and witnessing what happens to Janet Leigh , who could ever again completely relax beneath the cascading water ? Who could check into a motel without wondering if the crazy-eyed rube behind the counter is another Norman Bates ?
Scary music and our imaginations make the 'Psycho ' shower scene seem a lot more graphic than it is . ( SUPPLIED PHOTO )
Psycho has haunted the public mind more than any other horror film in the nearly 50 years since its 1960 release . Yet many critics consider it one of Hitchcock 's lesser works , not on an artistic par with North by Northwest , Rear Window or Vertigo . Critic and historian David Thomson is among them – Psycho would n't be his desert-isle Hitchcock pick – but he loves the film regardless . He 's seen it at least 30 times and he 's become a champion of its lasting influence . Thomson 's fascinating new book The Moment of Psycho : How Alfred Hitchcock Taught America to Love Murder , released this week , cuts through conventional wisdom like Bates 's blade through a shower curtain .
Article Continued Below
To him , Psycho was the film that jolted Americans out of their post-war innocence . It helped usher in the 1960s as the decade of social upheaval . `` Most films of the '50s are secret ads for the American way of life , '' Thomson writes . `` Psycho is a warning about its lies and limits . '' The film 's sex and violence were considered extreme at the time , even though you never see the completely naked form of Leigh 's Marion Crane or see her penetrated by the knife of Anthony Perkins ' Norman Bates . Aided by Bernard Herrmann 's slashing score , Hitchcock used the power of suggestion to shock his audience and to skirt censors . Film was never the same after Psycho , the London-born Thomson told me this week from his San Francisco home . `` In the long term historically the most decisive change in censorship was not so much with sex and language , it was with violence , '' he said .
`` Psycho in 1960 unleashed a kind of casual violence , when you think of the attitudes then , that was unthinkable at the time . '' The strict film censorship rules known as the Motion Picture Production Code , or Hays Code , were still in effect when Psycho arrived in June 1960 , opening wide years before Jaws defined the movie `` blockbuster . '' But Psycho was the Code breaker .
Article Continued Below
It pushed past the Code 's rules for the depiction of sex – the film opens with a post-coital scene – and even had the dubious distinction of being the first film to show a flushing toilet , another Code no-no . `` Psycho just seems to say ` f -- k you ' to the Code , '' Thomson said . `` I think all over the world there was a feeling that , ` My God , it breaks down as easily as that . ' And when censorship broke in the movies , it broke down rather quickly . You can trace it throughout the '60s . Psycho was a key step . '' Hitchcock knew exactly what he was doing . He turned 60 in the summer of 1959 , when he was in pre-production for Psycho , and he 'd been making films for decades . He was tired of dancing to the whims of censors . He determined he was going to take them on , both in America and in his home country Britain , and he also had Hollywood in his sights . But he was canny enough to use charm and evasion as his weapons . Hitchcock actively courted Geoffrey Sherlock , the chief U.S. censor . Sherlock loved to socialize with filmmakers ( so did his British counterpart John Trevelyan ) and he was not immune to the lubricating affects of alcohol . `` I think Hitchcock understood this in Sherlock and courted him for few years , and then , I think , used him . '' Hitchcock 's use of black-and-white film for Psycho allowed him to show blood going down the drain in the shower scene , something that would never have been tolerated in colour . `` I think he was trying to do a lot of things , '' Thomson said . `` He had an instinct to test the audience with a kind of violence that he 'd never dared before . I also think he wanted to make a lot of money ( Psycho earned more than Rear Window and North by Northwest combined ) . And I think he was becoming increasingly interested in disturbed psychology . All of those things came into play with this . '' What might Hitchcock make of today 's torture porn movies like the Saw and Hostel franchises , where death and dismemberment are graphic and constant ? In many ways , these films are the spawn of Psycho . `` I suspect he 'd be fascinated by it , '' Thomson said . `` If Hitchcock were alive and at his powers , I could imagine him trying it , even . I think it would have dug deep into him . Because I think there 's a lot of that in him already . '' The shock of Psycho extended far beyond the shower . Thomson believes the reluctance of many older moviegoers today to go to the pictures began with the horror inside the Bates Motel . `` Psycho changed the temperature of filmmaking ... in my opinion , it has a great deal to do with the loss of audience . One thing more than any other that has kept some people away from the cinema is because they think it 's become too violent . '' Norman Bates has a lot to answer for , but so does Alfred Hitchcock .
Michael Harriman scores from 40-yards for Wycombe Wanderers
Ben Gladwin sets up goal in 4-0 win for Swindon Town
Steven Caulker makes substitute appearance for Southampton
Cole Kpekawa helps 10-man Leyton Orient to 1-1 draw
MICHAEL Harriman scored one and set-up another in Wycombe Wanderers 2-2 draw with Portsmouth on Saturday .
Again play on the right-wing , Harriman was able to capitalise on a mistake from ex-QPR keeper Brian Murphy to score from 40-yards in the 28th minute for the Chairboys .
The 23-year-old then turned provider setting up Garry Thompson as Wycombe raced into a two goal lead .
However , goals from Caolan Lavery and Adam Webster for Pompey meant Gareth Ainsworth 's ninth place side were forced to settle for a point .
Meanwhile , Ben Gladwin set-up Jonathan Obika in Swindon Town 's 4-0 win against Chesterfield at the weekend .
Gladwin was able to shake off an injury that forced him off during Town 's last outing as the Robins rocked the Spireites at the B2Net Stadium .
The win saw Swindon move three points clear of the League One relegation zone as they climbed to 17th in the table .
In the Premiere League , Steven Caulker replaced Jose Fonte after 36 minutes of Southampton 's 3-1 defeat at Manchester City on Saturday .
The QPR centre-back started on the bench at the Etihad Stadium before placing the injured Fonte .
It was only the 23-year-olds third top flight appearance of the season for the Saints following his season long loan move from Loftus Road .
In League Two Cole Kpekawa played the full 90 minutes at centre-back for Leyton Orient in their 1-1 draw with AFC Wimbledon .
Kpekawa made his third appearance of his month-long loan spell with the O 's as the ten men of the Orient held on for a point .
Jake Mulraney was an unused substitute for Dagenham and Redbridge in their 1-1 draw with League Two promotion chasers Plymouth Argyle .
Finally , Ben Pattie played the full 90 minutes for Hendon in their 1-0 Isthmian League Premier Division win against Burgess Hill Town .
See also …
There was no conduct reported that would bring into question the election result overall or the result in a particular riding . Although misconduct was reported in several ridings , there is no complaint that it affected the final result . There is some speculation in the media that the dirty tricks may have affected the result in some close contests .
… [ T ] he investigation of complaints regarding web-based conduct - particularly third-party conduct - is difficult , time consuming and may be inconclusive . The same applies to telephone communications that flow through intermediaries and foreign call centres . Consequently , the dirty tricks complaints which definitely occurred may not be resolvable , if the conduct is illegal under the Act .
—Commissioner of Canada Elections William Corbett , May 16 , 2011 .
Good grief . In what century will the hapless Elections Canada complete its risible “ investigation ” of what looks like massive , organized electoral fraud ? And who in their right minds would believe in the results ?
Complaints to EC were pouring in before and just after the May 2 , 2011 election . The only thing new about Roboscam is that two reporters reassembled all the anecdotal bits and pieces and showed Canadians just how widespread and organized the vote suppression was .
“ Roboscam ” is somewhat of a misnomer , too , and we must n't be misled . Phone banks with real callers were also used to misdirect voters . Unregistered voters in large numbers are alleged to have shown up in Etobicoke Centre to subvert the electoral process . And the riding of Montmagny-L'Islet-Kamouraska-Rivière-du-Loup was “ won ” in a squeaker by the Conservative candidate—until a recount was ordered , revealing that somehow 100 votes or so had been “ accidentally ” assigned to the Green Party of Canada .
Through all of this , whether because of limited resources or lack of political will , Elections Canada has been dilatory , to say the least . And too bloody secretive by half .
Here 's the latest , no pun intended :
A Guelph man reported to be a person of interest in the Conservative Party of Canada 's probe of the robo-dialling scandal seems to be less in demand with Elections Canada investigators . Michael Sona was only contacted by Elections Canada earlier this week , days after the first media reports connected him with the Conservative 's investigation of the robocalls scandal . Sources familiar with the ongoing Elections Canada probe have told the Guelph Mercury Sona first spoke to an Elections Canada investigator on Tuesday , even though the agency 's investigation has been ongoing since shortly after last May 's federal election .
This unsilent lamb , this fall guy who would n't fall , is , perhaps in spite of himself , continuing to work his magic , this time by exposing the third-rate quality of the EC “ investigation . ”
Meanwhile , before Elections Canada sent its lone investigator to Guelph Thunder Bay , the Conservatives were going over all of the digital records of robocalls in that riding calls made by the Responsive Marketing Group call centre there . Since when does the prime suspect get to process the crime scene ? This is surreal .
More than seventy ridings have by now been implicated in vote suppression so far . How many are being investigated by Elections Canada ?
Two .
Good God , even the Conservatives think EC is incompetent . ( The article at this link is well worth reading : Sixth Estate is on a tear . )
We 're being led down a false and treacherous path . Only a full-blown independent , public , properly-resourced judicial inquiry will get to the bottom of this . Bring it on , and stop this Elections Canada sideshow before any more harm is done .
Little Weight , Little Change
From being used in science experiments to weighing everyday objects , the kilogram has been a useful unit of measurement that has remained unchanged for more than a century now . That run could be coming to an end as it and six other base units of measurements are poised to get updated by the International Committee for Weight and Measurements in 2018 .
Currently , all seven of the basic units of measurement except the kilogram are based on constant values observed in nature . The kilogram is defined by a physical object called the International Prototype Kilogram . The object , which is kept in a vault in France , has become heavier than of late due to surface contamination . This is a headache for a lot of people , particularly scientists that rely on a constant kilogram for their scientific assumptions .
The new proposal would be to base the kilogram on what is known as Planck 's constant , a value that relates a particle 's energy to its frequency . Scientists have just recently agreed on that value , but they have until July 1 , 2017 to publish data that challenges it .
The units ampere , mole , and kelvin are also expected to change . Under the new proposal , the ampere would be based on the elementary charge of an electron , the kelvin would be based on the Boltzmann constant , and the mole would be based on the Avogadro 's constant .
Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer ( D-N.Y. ) holds a letter about tax policy sent by Democrats to the Republican leadership as he speaks with reporters following the party luncheons on Capitol Hill on Tuesday . ( Aaron P. Bernstein/Reuters )
Democrats will add another plank to their “ better deal ” agenda Wednesday , proposing a tough renegotiation of NAFTA and a new trade prosecutor in an attempt to seize back what had been a political advantage for the party .
“ Trade is at the core of our economic agenda , ” Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer ( D-N.Y. ) said in a statement , ahead of a planned 11:30 a.m. launch of the trade policies . “ We 're going to propose a better deal for American workers — one that puts their well-being at the center of our trade laws , not just the bottom line of huge corporations . Our trade laws have shortchanged American workers for far too long , and we Democrats are aiming to change that . ”
The trade outline includes seven ideas , according to a white paper shared with The Washington Post . The first is an “ independent trade prosecutor ” who would supplement the work of the U.S. Trade Representative to ensure that “ workers , small companies and major corporations have equal access to the enforcers of our trade laws. ” The second : An “ American Jobs Council ” that would have the authority to block foreign investments if it could be proven that they could cost jobs .
“ The Council would have the authority to consider major investments , mergers and acquisitions by foreign entities , and specifically be able to evaluate a transaction 's potential impact on job losses in economically distressed industries and regions , intellectual property leakage , loss of market share in critical industries , and the foreign investor 's home country 's domestic policies on foreign investment that may distort U.S. markets , among other factors , ” Democrats wrote in the white paper .
It is one of several proposals to empower the federal government to block deals that could hurt American workers down the road .
Democrats will also propose rules to “ penalize federal contractors who outsource by requiring federal agencies to consider a company 's record of outsourcing for three years prior to application for federal contract , ” as well as adding companies that outsource to a “ shame ” list . On top of that , Democrats will promise to “ require that taxpayer dollars be spent on U.S. companies and U.S. jobs for all federal public works and infrastructure projects , ” step up enforcement of currency manipulation , and change the tax code to capture the profits ( and deny tax benefits ) if companies engage in outsourcing .
The “ Better Deal on Trade and Jobs ” will be rolled out by Schumer and four senators up for reelection next year in states won by President Trump in 2016 : Sen. Debbie Stabenow ( D-Mich. ) , Sen. Tammy Baldwin ( D-Wis. ) , Sen. Joe Donnelly ( D-Ind . ) and Sen. Robert P. Casey Jr. ( D-Pa. ) . All have run successful , populist campaigns against outsourcing ; all are being targeted by Republicans in the hopes that Trump-style populism can outflank them next year . Republicans , for example , have blasted Donnelly as a hypocrite for opposing outsourcing while holding stock in a family company that had sent some jobs to Mexico . ( Donnelly divested the stock after an Associated Press report on his investments . )
U.S. Supreme Court declines to hear Blagojevich appeal
Former Illinois Gov . Rod Blagojevich is shown in March 2012 as he departs his Chicago home to begin his 14-year prison sentence on corruption charges . | Charles Rex Arbogast/Associated Press
The United States Supreme Court on Monday decided not to hear an appeal by disgraced former Gov . Rod Blagojevich .
The decision was noted in a list of orders posted Monday on the court 's website .
Blagojevich , 59 , reported to a federal prison in Colorado four years ago to begin serving a 14­-year sentence . He was convicted of 18 counts over two trials . Among other things , he was accused of attempting to trade his power to appoint someone to a U.S. Senate seat — the one recently vacated by President Barack Obama — in exchange for personal benefits . A three-­judge appellate panel tossed five of his 18 criminal convictions last year and ordered him to be re-sentenced . However , that panel also pointed out “ it is not possible to call 168 months unlawfully high for Blagojevich 's crimes . ”
That means U.S. District Judge James Zagel may not be moved to lighten the former governor 's sentence , even after the three­-judge panel tossed nearly a third of the counts against Blagojevich .
Zagel has not scheduled a hearing in the eight months since the three­-judge panel called for the re-sentencing . That could change now that the Supreme Court has shot down Blagojevich 's appeal — and set the stage for a return of the Blagojevich circus to Zagel 's courtroom .
Blagojevich is not set to be released until May 2024 , records show .
His wife , Patti Blagojevich , issued a statement .
“ While we are incredibly disappointed that the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear the case now , it is not entirely unexpected because of the government 's position that the case was not over yet . We are hopeful that after the governor is resentenced , as a result of a federal appeals court tossing out five of the counts against him , that the highest court may be moved to take the case then , ” she was quoted as saying .
“ This was , of course , not the outcome that Rod , our daughters Amy and Annie , had hoped and prayed for . But we continue to have faith in the system and an unshakable love for Rod . We long for the day that he will be back home with us . ”
Blagojevich attorney Leonard Goodman said that Blagojevich , who speaks with his wife every day , had heard the news .
“ He 's been a model prisoner . He 's taught classes . Continued to be a father . He talks to his family every day . Has helped other inmates . ”
Goodman said he 'll have the opportunity to file another appeal with the Supreme Court after the resentencing hearing . Goodman would not say how much time he hopes to have shaved off Blagojevich 's sentence . “ My goal is to reunite him with his family . . . for him to come home , ” he said .
Patti Blagojevich had occasionally put case updates on Facebook ; on March 8 , the day attorneys filed a response with the Supreme Court , she wrote : “ I think our attorneys did an outstanding job of clarifying the issues and making a case for the granting of our petition . ”
The court , apparently , did not agree .
“ From a statistical point of view , we knew the numbers were somewhat against us , ” Sheldon Sorosky , another Blagojevich attorney , said of the denial . “ We thought we had some compelling arguments , but I guess the court disagrees with us . ”
The last time Sorosky spoke with Blagojevich was about a month ago . “ He was in very good spirits , ” he said .
Despite Monday 's setback , Sorosky said he will continue battling on behalf of his client .
“ We 're disappointed , but we persevere on , ” Sorosky said , referring to the upcoming resentencing .
Jeffrey Cramer , a former federal prosecutor , said Blagojevich 's Supreme Court petition was the former governor 's last shot at legal redemption .
Cramer , who now heads the Chicago office of Kroll Inc. , said Blagojevich will likely appear at a new hearing before Zagel — though federal authorities might not force him to attend if he wants to avoid the spectacle that such a hearing is likely to produce .
“ I think you can expect him there , ” Cramer said .
In his pitch to the Supreme Court , Goodman had argued there is confusion among lower courts when it comes to public corruption prosecutions and the solicitation of campaign contributions . He urged the Supreme Court to intervene , calling the Blagojevich case an “ ideal vehicle ” and the three-­judge panel 's ruling last summer a disappointment .
“ We believe the decision is flawed and puts every public official , who must raise campaign funds to stay in office and to be effective , at the mercy of an ambitious or politically motivated federal prosecutor , ” Goodman said last year . “ But we remain hopeful that we will prevail in the end because the decision is in conflict with established legal precedent which has existed for more than 20 years . ”
A group of politicians and labor leaders also urged the court to take the case . The group , which took “ no position on Mr. Blagojevich 's innocence or guilt , ” included U.S. Reps. Jan Schakowsky , Danny Davis , Mike Quigley and Bobby Rush , as well as former Illinois Senate President Emil Jones and Chicago Teachers Union President Karen Lewis .
Government lawyers argued Blagojevich should be resentenced before the Supreme Court hears his case . But Goodman insisted the Supreme Court had “ unquestioned ” power to review it .
Over the summer , Blagojevich 's publicists released his first public statement since he surrendered in 2012 to begin serving a 14-year sentence at a federal prison in Colorado .
“ There is nothing I desire more than to return home to my wife and two young daughters , ” Blagojevich said . “ I cherish them more than anything in the world . I wish this was over . But I must fight on . What is at stake is nothing less than the rule of law . ”
In 1880 , Mankato was the fourth largest city in Minnesota with a population of 5,500 . Today , more than 50,000 people call Mankato and North Mankato home .
Mankato was originally named “ Mahkato ” ( meaning greenish-blue earth ) by its early inhabitants , the Dakota . Mankato is located at the confluence of the Minnesota and Blue Earth Rivers . In 1852 , Parsons K. Johnson and Henry Jackson staked claims along these banks and founded the town of Mankato . The city was established on land purchased in a treaty between the US government and the Dakota ; breaking of this treaty by the government lead to the US-Dakota Conflict of 1862 .
North Mankato , which sits just across the river , was established in 1898 . The first bridge between North Mankato and Mankato was the Veterans Memorial Bridge constructed in 1880 . The bridge represented an interdependence and partnership between the cities that still continues . Today , many memorials and buildings exist to commemorate the diverse and important history that has shaped the greater Mankato area .
Mankato and North Mankato have many historical attractions that are must-sees for visitors .
Customize your Mankato history experience with the online directory below .
The Minnesota River Valley has a national story to tell about the struggles for a home by the Euro-American immigrants and the Dakota people . Museums and historical sites encourage you to discover vivid stories from days gone by . Go >
Take a 360° virtual tour .
A BRITISH man who saved his wife by punching a shark as it attacked his wife has been hailed a hero by his Limerick mum .
The shocking incident involving Frankie Gonsalves and her husband Dean occurred on Saturday afternoon while they were swimming off the coast of Ascension Island in the South Atlantic .
It has been reported that a shark attacked Frankie 's leg before Dean repeatedly punched the maneater to rescue his wife .
While Dean , aged 40 , was born in England , his mum Anne O'Donoghue is from Janesboro .
“ I am just thankful that he saved Frankie , ” she told the Leader .
“ He would do anything for her . He is very strong and very kind . I could n't ask for a better son . He is a hero but I was proud of him before he did this . Dean is definitely making the news . It is on all the papers over here , ” said Anne , who left Limerick city for London when she was 21 but still has family living in Janesboro .
Due to the remote location – 1,150 miles of the west coast of Africa – she has n't been able to speak to Dean yet but it understood he is flying home on Sunday .
Meanwhile , Frankie is to be airlifted to the UK for further treatment after being taken to a hospital on Ascension Island . The extent of her injuries is yet to be determined .
“ Dean has to go on a boat to get to Cape Verde with the two children and then he gets a flight from there on Sunday . Frankie does n't arrive in until Wednesday . She has had an operation on her leg but she will have to have skin grafts , ” said Anne .
As Frankie was employed as a social worker in the St Helena Government , they released a statement saying : “ SHG can confirm that a member of staff has been involved in an incident on Ascension Island . The person concerned was swimming near the shore and her injuries were attended to at the George Town Hospital . ”
The government said an emergency aero-medical flight was arranged to transport the patient from Ascension Island to receive medical treatment in the UK .
Building a website from scratch without guidance can be a bit daunting . That is why you do n't have to . The Standard Template comes equipped with many useful pages and even a forum . Furthermore , we provide a User Guide and several help pages to get you started . These pages introduce you to some of Wikidot 's most useful features so that you can begin exploring and experimenting . Using these features will allow you to very quickly build a quality site for nearly any purpose you can devise .
Wikidot provides you with a myriad of tools and options in order to provide maximal flexibility . We want you to feel comfortable when exploring what Wikidot offers , and so we have provided a First Time User guideline page . In addition , you may always consult the Community Site where experts ( users like you ! ) are available to aid with any query you may have .
This template can help you get started on your new web project . It provides you will all of the basic faculties of a standard wiki site , like a member 's page , contact page , and more . From these pages , you can construct your site to fit nearly any niche , be it blog , repository , service , educational site , you name it . Furthermore , the Standard Template implements Bootstrap meaning that it is responsive to screen sizes and devices . Your site will look good regardless of how it is viewed .
Tailor your site to fit your needs with a variety of CSS controls and Data Form configurations . Developing a site has never been easier .
This site runs on Wikidot , one of the world 's largest wiki farms . But , Wikidot is more than just a wiki , as you 'll discover . Wikidot is a community of free and professional websites , each doing something special .
Para Assegurar , Conter e Proteger
Clique aqui para editar o conteúdo desta página
Clique aqui para alternar a edição de seções individuais da página ( se possível ) . Verifique o título de uma `` edição '' quando estiver disponível .
Anexar conteúdo sem editar toda a fonte da página
Veja como esta página evoluiu no passado .
Se quiser discutir os conteúdos desta página - esta é a maneira mais fácil de fazê-lo .
Visualizar e gerenciar arquivos anexos para esta página .
Alterar o nome ( além do endereço URL , e possivelmente a categoria ) da página .
Ver o conteúdo do wiki para esta página sem edição .
Ver/definir a página principal ( usada para criar migalhas de trilhos e layout estruturado ) .
Notificar os administradores se houver conteúdo censurável nesta página .
Algo não funciona como esperado ? Descubra o que você pode fazer .
Documentação geral da Wikidot.com e seção de ajuda .
Termos de Serviço do Wikidot.com - o que você pode , o que você não deveria etc .
Política de Privacidade Wikidot.com .
My Top 6 PC Gaming Mice Suggestions
When it comes to buying a new mouse for your gaming needs , there are 100 's of different mice to consider . How you choose the best gaming mouse for you is a very personal thing and not only depends on the size of your hands , but also on how you grip the mouse , and what type of games you like to play . I 've been reading various reviews all over the internet so you do n't have to and compiled a list that might help you narrow down your own research .
A gaming mouse needs a high quality sensor , adjustable CPI levels , and more than the basic 3 buttons that office type work requires . However , a first-person shooter ( FPS ) gamer has different requirements from their mouse than a massive multiplayer online ( MMO ) gamer does , so that will also affect your decision .
Best FPS Mouse – Corsair Vengeance M65
A FPS mouse does n't need to have lots of buttons , but it needs accurate tracking , must be comfortable in your hand , and will probably have a definite ‘ click ' on the scroll wheel action . The Corsair Vengeance M65 not only has a programmable set of buttons , it also has a ‘ sniper button ' which allows for instant change in DPI for more accurate aiming . It comes with removable weights so you can adjust the feel & balance of the mouse in your hand , which is important for your comfort .
Best MMO Gaming Mouse – Razer Naga
An MMO mouse needs a lot of buttons and the Razer Naga seems to be the most highly recommended MMO mouse I 've seen . It has a 12 button thumb grid with mechanical switches to give a definite click feel and the mouse wheel has sideways movement , as well as the usual scroll motion . Every button is programmable so you can personalize and customize the Razer Naga to perform exactly how you want it to .
Best RTS Gaming Mouse – Razer Deathadder
Simple & ergonomically designed , the Razer Deathadder is highly rated as an RTS mouse . It has only a few extra buttons , has accurate scrolling , and the smooth design should suit most hand sizes and all types of grip . In some reviews , it 's also rated as one of the best all-purpose gaming mice along with the G502 ( see below ) .
Best Gaming Mouse for Small Hands – Kone Pure Optical
As a female gamer , I struggle with some of the larger , heavier mice so the Kone Pure Optical gaming mouse is one that I will be looking at later this year . It 's smaller and lighter than some of the other highly rated Kone mice and it does n't have the pretty LED strip either . That means that more of the available surface is grippable and it keeps the price down a bit too .
Best Heavyweight Gaming Mouse – Logitech G502 Proteus Core
Logitech is a very popular and well known brand for gaming mice . This G502 Proteus Core has rave reviews and is one of the heavier mice on the market . It has up to 5 additional weights , which you can use to tune the overall weight and balance for best performance . This heavyweight gaming mouse also features all programmable buttons . It also has 5 DPI settings so you can quickly change the mouse sensitivity depending on what your game situation requires . If you like a larger , heavier gaming mouse then this one is probably your best choice .
Best Budget Gaming Mouse – Anker Gaming Mouse
The one problem with gaming mice in general is their cost – I 've always just used a basic 3 button $ 5 mouse , which might help explain why I 'm so bad at some of the games I try to play ! The Anker Gaming Mouse is currently on sale and is one of the best selling gaming mice on Amazon . If you do n't want to splash out too much cash , then this budget option mouse might be worth a try for you .
Other Top Selling Gaming Mice from Amazon
If you do n't like the look of my top 6 suggestions , you can have a look at Amazon 's top selling PC gaming mice and pick from there . My top 6 PC gaming mice list is just the tip of the iceberg . There are 100 's of other mice available in multiple colors , sizes , and brands .
We all have our favorite style but the best way to choose a mouse is to go to your local gaming or electronics store , and just try them out first . I usually narrow down my choices on Amazon based on reviews and price , then hit the stores to see if my chosen mouse feels comfortable in my small hands .
Are you left handed ? Do n't feel left out . There are some Gaming Mice For Left Handed People too !
What is your favorite mouse ? Did it make my list ?
poster= '' http : //v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201610/3673/1155968404_5155181102001_5155162345001-vs.jpg ? pubId=1155968404 '' true Trump 's allies struggle to quash tax firestorm The Republican nominee 's campaign is arguing his massive tax loss shows his business savvy .
Donald Trump 's aides and allies are struggling to extinguish the firestorm over the revelation that he may have avoided paying personal income tax for up to 18 years , as they fanned out on Tuesday to again defend the beleaguered Republican nominee .
Kellyanne Conway , Trump 's campaign manager , said his move to carry over a $ 916 million loss in 1995 was a perfectly legal provision in the tax code that half a million people took advantage of that year .
Story Continued Below
“ You look around New York , and other cities , but particularly here , and you see the fruits of Donald Trump 's business acumen , what he did in carrying forward that loss , ” Conway told “ CBS This Morning. ” “ But the fact is , this man has paid hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes over decades . Excise taxes , federal payroll taxes , city , state and local taxes real estate taxes , property taxes . ”
“ You did n't say income taxes , ” CBS anchor Norah O'Donnell interjected .
“ Well he certainly has , in years that he made a profit , like anybody else , he paid income taxes , '' Conway replied .
Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , now a paid contributor to CNN , backed up his successor Tuesday morning , arguing that out of “ an obligation to his business , he 's done what every other businessman in this country has done . ”
As Trump 's running mate , Mike Pence , gets ready to face off with Tim Kaine on Tuesday night on the Farmville , Virginia , debate stage , much of the attention is still focused on the bombshell report from The New York Times , which was mailed leaked copies of Trump 's tax documents from 1995 .
Hillary Clinton 's campaign has seized on the news to try to drive home the idea that Trump only looks out for himself , while shafting the little guy , and that the core of his campaign message – that he 's a hugely successful businessman who can fix America 's problems – is bunk .
Trump , meanwhile , has been defiant . At a rally in Colorado on Monday night , he offered himself up as someone who 's fallen on hard times , and who knows how to rally back . While he pitched the idea that he can do the same for America , it also served as an analogy for his campaign , which has stumbled since last week 's debate .
“ As a businessman and real estate developer , I have legally used the tax laws to my benefit and to the benefit of my company , my investors and my employees . I mean , honestly , I have brilliantly — I have brilliantly used those laws , ” Trump said . “ I have often said on the campaign trail that I have a fiduciary responsibility to pay no more tax than is legally required , like anybody else , or put another way : to pay as little tax as legally possible . And I must tell you , I hate the way they spend our tax dollars . ”
It 's difficult to say which way Trump 's tax revelation will ultimately break . The Trump campaign 's position , that the tax maneuver is a nonissue because it was legal , gained at least some traction among the cable TV pundits Tuesday morning .
Mika Brzezinski , the liberal half of MSNBC 's `` Morning Joe '' anchoring duo , said she could n't feel the Times ' story resonating with voters . Instead , Clinton 's own array of controversies make her campaign a less-than-credible vessel to make the case that Trump acted inappropriately with his 1995 tax return .
`` I think the reaction to this New York Times story on Donald Trump 's part was brilliant and the thing is , he did n't even think twice about it . He just went there . While she has been hiding this speech money , hiding this foundation stuff , hiding this email stuff and trying to get around it , 'mistakes were made , ' '' she said . `` And I 'm telling you , people do n't -- they are not feeling a complete connection with her , and this does n't help , to get all high and mighty . Get off your high horse about this tax thing . Unless laws were broken , it 's not an issue . You guys cancel each other out . ''
Trump 's surrogates also tried to make this argument stick . Brunell Donald-Kyei , who helps with Trump 's diversity outreach , contended that the Manhattan billionaire 's desire to pay as little as possible in taxes actually puts him in lockstep with American voters .
“ As long as he was above the board and legal and he did n't violate any tax laws , I do n't understand what the big deal is , ” she said Tuesday morning on Fox News . “ I do n't know any American who gets their taxes and the tax person tells you ‘ oh this is your low number , ' that says ‘ hey , you know what ? That does n't look high enough . Please , can you please jack it up for me so I can pay more ? ' ”
The Times ' report has only amplified the drumbeats calling on Trump to release his tax returns , something every presidential candidate since Richard Nixon in 1972 has done . Trump has refused to do so , saying his lawyers have recommended against it until an IRS audit is complete .
Clinton 's campaign and her high-profile allies are trying to keep up the pressure on Trump to do so , while also painting Trump as abusing the tax system .
Vice President Joe Biden , who has built many of his stump speeches for Clinton around the idea of fairness , latched on especially firmly to the issue , hammering Trump as out of touch with middle-class Americans .
“ I thought it was about making sure you did your part for your country , ” the vice president said Tuesday morning in an interview with CNN . “ Since when does somebody who lives at the top of the world in a penthouse overlooking the world be in a position where he does n't feel any obligation at all to pay any federal income tax to support the military , to support education , to support our foreign policy ? Since when is that a patriotic thing to do ? Can you imagine any other president , any other president that 's existed ever say that and be proud of that ? I ca n't fathom it . ”
Biden also noted that Trump 's tax plan would further protect the type of provisions that the GOP nominee had available to him in 1995 . The Republican nominee has long argued that his unrivaled understanding of the tax code makes him the best candidate to reform it , but in a separate CNN interview , Conway said addressing the specific provision in question need not be a priority for Trump .
“ Because it 's been around for 100 years and it benefits many , ” she said when asked why Trump , who has railed against the “ rigged system , ” would not call for a change to the tax provision that benefitted him in 1995 . “ What he said was that he knows how to leverage the tax system in a way that allowed him to absorb those losses in one year , 21 years ago , and moving forward , create thousands of jobs , reinvest and have an amazing comeback . ”
Robby Mook , Clinton 's campaign manager , said the pre-debate talking points for Trump 's surrogates were evidence of a “ panicked ” campaign eager “ to change the message. ” He said he expected Pence to spend Tuesday night 's debate on the offensive throwing mud at Clinton and Kaine .
But Mook said he was eager to see how willing Pence would be to defend Trump not just on his alleged tax avoidance , but on a variety of issues that have dogged the billionaire 's presidential bid since the first debate .
“ And it 's going to be very interesting to see how Mike Pence responds to questions about Trump 's behavior in the last week . You know , is he going to defend the way he attacked Alicia Machado , the former Miss Universe ? ” Mook asked during an interview with “ CBS This Morning . “ Is he going to defend the 3 a.m. Twitter rants ? Is he going to defend Donald Trump 's comments about veterans or the fact that he 's proud that he did n't pay taxes for nearly two decades ? ”
After posting results worthy of optimism in this roster 's childhood , North have fallen from the lofty heights of the playoffs in the last few weeks . In their first three tournaments , they scored a Top 2 at Malmo , a trophy at Dreamhack Montreal , and a semi-final placing at ELEAGUE Premier , nearly knocking out a red-hot FaZe . Not bad , for the three LANs .
Since then , they 've been knocked out 5-6th at EPICENTER , finished 4th out of 6 at BLAST , and they suffered a group-stage exit at EPL .
Not so hot . So , what 's going on ?
Here 's a list of teams they 've beaten , as well as a list of who 's beat them :
Teams North have beaten in a Bo3 Malmo : SK , Gambit , Immortals
Montreal : C9 , Immortals
Premier : Heroic
Epicenter : Liquid Teams North have lost to in a Bo3 Malmo : G2
Premier : FaZe
Epicenter : G2 , Astralis Teams North have beaten in a Bo1 Malmo : C9
Montreal : Kinguin , Gale Force
Premier : Fnatic , Immortals Teams North have lost to in a Bo1 Blast : NiP , SK
EPL : NRG , Misfits , SK , NiP
This is worthy of note because it denotes a clear difference between the North of the fall and the North of the winter . In their first three LANs , North would only lose games against elite teams , specifically teams with elite aimers . Yet , at BLAST , North was able to tie against both G2 and Astralis while beating FaZe , but were unable to defeat NiP , the weakest performer at the tournament . At EPL , disaster struck , and North lost to two teams they should 've beat handedly . This helps us denote a clear difference between North at their best , and North currently .
In EPL and Blast combined , North only had a single positive second half . Against NRG , they started 6-9 in the first half , and ended the second half 3-7 . Against Misfits,7-8 and then 2-8 . Against SK at Blast , 8-7 followed by 4-9 . Against SK at EPL , 6-9 followed by 1-7 .
Without hearing their voice comms , it 's difficult to know why this is going on . This pattern ca n't be explained by side , nor by map . However , if I may venture a guess , I posit an issue of resiliency . As MSL noted in my interview with him , the 45-minute break at Premier versus FaZe rattled his team , and they never recovered . A similar effect could have affected their play in these second halves . If the team is n't very happy and they are n't playing optimally , it 's possible that they get frustrated struggle to post a strong second half .
Against SK at BLAST , North did a force-buy at 12-13 and 12-14 , relegating cajunb ( sporting 28 kills at the time ) to a UMP . Suboptimal . North is obviously frustrated by their recent play , and it 's possible that this got into their head . This spiral of poor performance began with a 16-2 loss to NiP , in which North was getting picked off by aggression and running out of time on their T side , both suggesting a lack of communication .
This does n't explain all their struggles , however . North 's individuals are struggling to find frags , as even k0nfig 's numbers have dipped dramatically . Watching their games , however , I do n't think this can be attributed to poor form . Statistically , it looks bad for everyone , but even in these two events k0nfig is winning entry duels , aizy has crazy maps , cajunb hits his shots . While there 's certainly some drop off in individual performance , I think the explanation lies elsewhere .
Also , as I 've discussed elsewhere , North really struggle against CT aggression . Sometimes they get caught off by a push in mid ; sometimes they get anti-stratted due to their predictability . For example , valde used to stand around the Apartment stairs on T side Mirage every round that North ran a default . When they played against Astralis at EPICENTER , Xyp9x exploited that fact ( I confirmed with him that this was deliberate ) by consistently pushing the lone valde from all kinds of angles , killing him multiple times . Well , valde does n't do that anymore .
Though that specific instance has been fixed , it does tell a larger story : such predictable plays have been the bane of North , as opponents have noticed and reacted accordingly . MSL gave up the first kill of the round in mid-Mirage four times in a row against SK . Aizy gets picked off in jumping into Boilers on Train by an AWP push . Stuff like this kills North , both before and during their slump .
A concern I had when this lineup was first announced was its makeup . You have k0nfig as an entry with MSL , which is great . You have cajunb as your AWPer , which is passable , but not ideal . But valde and aizy are confusing players . They are the extremity players for North , and it 's their job to sustain map control . On other teams , these extremity players may try to fish for picks , but neither valde nor aizy are given/have taken the room to do so . While they are both good players , between the two of them , you seem to be lacking some firepower to face the likes of G2 , FaZe , SK and Astralis . What to do with the roster , I will address in a later article .
I doubt that EPL will be the trend moving forward for North . MSL has shown an ability to adapt tactically , and the break will ease off the clear tensions in the team . What 's concerning to me is not their recent performance , but their performance overall with this roster . Coming into the next Major , North looks a lot like they did for the two previous ones : cooled off . At the ELEAGUE Major , North was coming off a few disappointing finishes after winning EPICENTER in the fall .
With the Magisk-aizy lineup before Krakow , they had a Top 2 at EPL Season 5 followed by a tired performance at Cologne , getting eliminated in the group stage . Once again , North look flat before a Major , and it 's once again difficult to see them eliminating any top team in a Bo3 . Despite two roster moves and a year 's worth of work , North does n't look any closer to winning a Major than they were at the beginning of the year . A disappointing year indeed .
To find more of the work from Sam you can follow him on Twitter at @ samwdelorme
Image credit : Daniel Ranki
GOP lawmakers have come forward with new allegations of political bias or interference at the FBI - this time involving the 2012 Benghazi attack . John Solomon of The Hill reports tht Rep. Ron Desantis ( R-FL ) recently interviewed a retired FBI supervisor who told him he was instructed by Deputy Director Andrew McCabe not to call the 2012 Benghazi attack an act of terrorism when distributing the FBI 's findings to the larger intelligence community - despite knowing exactly who conducted the attack .
The agent found the instruction concerning because his unit had gathered incontrovertible evidence showing a major al Qaeda figure had directed the attack and the information had already been briefed to President Obama , the lawmaker said . -The Hill
After the September 11 , 2012 attack against U.S. government facilities in Benghazi , Libya , the Obama administration peddled a lie , telling the public that the attack was related to Muslims who had become enraged at an anti-Islam YouTube video , and not a planned act of terrorism - despite Hillary Clinton emailing Chelsea Clinton from her unsecure @ clintonemail.com server the night of the attack to say exactly that .
Chelsea - using the pseudonym `` Diane Reyonds '' probably did n't have the clearance to receive classified intelligence from her mother , the Secretary of State .
`` Two of our officers were killed in Benghazi by an Al Queda-like group : The Ambassador , whom I handpicked and a young communications officer on temporary duty w a wife and two young children . Very hard day and I fear more of the same tomorrow . '' -Hillary Clinton to Chelsea Clinton
Wikileaks Clinton Email Archive # 12136
And we now know FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe lied for the Obma administration in a clear , partisan violation of the FBI 's mandate to `` detect and prosecute crimes against the United States , '' not `` lie for the President so as not to offend Islam . ''
As Rep. DeSantis told The Hill :
`` What operational reason would there be to issue an edict to agents telling them , in the face of virtually conclusive evidence to the contrary , not to categorize the Benghazi attack as a result of terrorism ? By placing the interests of the Obama administration over the public 's interests , the order is yet another data point highlighting the politicization of the FBI . ''
DeSantis and other GOP lawmakers say they plan to question FBI Director Christopher Wray at a Thursday hearing in front of the House Judiciary Committee about claims of growing concern among certain FBI supervisors over political bias clouding decisions at the highest levels of the agency .
The case against the FBI for overt political bias could n't be more clear . Over the last week we 've learned of veteran FBI investigator Peter Strzok 's dismissal for texting his mistress anti-Trump messages , which the DOJ is handing over to the House Intelligence Committee . We also learned yesterday that a second prosecutor on Robert Mueller 's Special Counsel , Andrew Weissmann , praised then-acting Attorney General Sally Yates after she refused to defend President Trump 's travel ban .
Fox News reports :
A top prosecutor who is now a deputy for Special Counsel Robert Muellers Russia probe praised then-acting attorney general Sally Yates after she was fired in January by President Trump for refusing to defend his controversial travel ban . The email , obtained by Judicial Watch through a federal lawsuit , shows that on the night of Jan. 30 , Andrew Weissmann wrote to Yates under the subject line , I am so proud . He continued , And in awe . Thank you so much . All my deepest respects . Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton called the new Weissmann document an astonishing and disturbing find .
`` The data points we have regarding politicization are damning enough but appear all the more problematic when viewed against the backdrop of investigations whose ferocity seemed to depend on the target : the Clinton case was investigated with an eye towards how to exonerate her and her associates , while the Russia investigation is being conducted using scorched earth tactics that seek to find anything to use against Trump associates , '' DeSantis told The Hill .
DeSantis also said his FBI source pointed to an incident after Trump 's National Security Advisor Mike Flynn resigned over lying to Vice President Mike Pence over his contacts with Russia 's ambassador . An FBI executive is said to have made an inappropriate comment during a video teleconference indicating that the agency had a personal motive in investigating Flynn and ruining his career .
`` The wildly divergent ways these investigations have been conducted appear to dovetail with the political bias that has been uncovered , '' DeSantis said .
In response to the overt political bias at the FBI , the Inspector General 's office ( OIG ) has launched an investigation into Strzok and other officials connected to both the Clinton email investigation and the Trump-Russia investigation . Agent Peter Strzok who was removed for anti-Trump text messages ran both investigations , the latter Trump-Russia having been taking over by Robert Mueller 's probe which he was recently kicked off of .
Deputy Director Andrew McCabe , meanwhile , is directly under investigation by the OIG for potentially violating the Hatch Act or engaged in ethical conflicts pertaining to his wife 's run for the Virginia senate in 2015 as a Democrat . She received $ 700,000 in campaign contributions tied to Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe ( D ) - an ally of Hillary Clinton who was under FBI investigation at the time . The Hill reports that records show McCabe attended a March 2015 meeting with McAuliffe designed to secure the governor 's support of Jill McCabe 's candidacy .
Potential Hatch Act violation
As The Hill concludes :
McCabe has said he sought FBI legal advice on how to deal with his wife 's campaign . He nonetheless presided over the Clinton email case until just a few days before it was closed , when he unexpectedly recused himself .
Multiple Republican lawmakers said Wednesday they believe the email case was tainted by political favoritism and special treatment for the 2016 Democratic nominee and planned to press Wray about their concerns .
`` We are here today calling for an investigation into FBI systems and procedures that have allowed special treatment and bias to run rampant , '' Rep. Matt Gaetz ( R-Fla. ) said . `` The law demands equal treatment for all , not 'special ' treatment for some . There is a clear and consistent pattern of treating the Clinton investigation differently than other investigations . ''
As culled from The Guardian :
1 Write .
2 Put one word after another . Find the right word , put it down .
3 Finish what you 're writing . Whatever you have to do to finish it , finish it .
4 Put it aside . Read it pretending you 've never read it before . Show it to friends whose opinion you respect and who like the kind of thing that this is .
5 Remember : when people tell you something 's wrong or does n't work for them , they are almost always right . When they tell you exactly what they think is wrong and how to fix it , they are almost always wrong .
6 Fices it . Remember that , sooner or later , before it ever reaches perfection , you will have to let it go and move on and start to write the next thing . Perfection is like chasing the horizon . Keep moving .
7 Laughs at your own jokes .
8 The main rule of writing is that if you do it with enough assurance and confidence , you 're allowed to do whatever you like . ( That may be a rule for life as well as for writing . But it 's definitely true for writing . ) So write your story as it needs to be written . Write it ­honestly , and tell it as best you can . I 'm not sure that there are any other rules . Not ones that matter .
* * *
Bob Freeman 's Occult Detective novel
DESCENDANT
is now available online at amazon.com
* * *
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Email
More
Google
Tumblr
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
DATE : Sep 10 , 2012 | BY : Rudie Obias | Category : Sci-Fi
Last month , production started on a new , independently funded Star Trek web series called Star Trek : Renegades . Star Trek Voyager 's Tim Russ and Star Trek original series actor Walter Koenig will be bringing the new web series to the Internet . This is a follow-up to their 2008 web series , Star Trek : Of Gods And Men . The pair is returning to their roles as Tuvok and Admiral Chekov , respectively , and will also serve as the series ' director and executive producer .
The trailer for Star Trek : Renegades has hit the web , and it gives a glimpse into the darker parts of the Star Trek universe . The series is described as “ bold , edgy and a little dark. ” Check out the trailer :
With the darker tone of Star Trek : Renegades , the series will explore the depths of the human psyche as it pushes its heroes to their mental and physical limits . It will force them to make decisions and take actions that do n't line up with being Starfleet officers . It 's the last hope to save the Federation .
This sounds very exciting , and from the looks of it , Star Trek : Renegades will be action oriented , with elements of suspense and espionage . The fitting tagline is , “ Boldly going where no Trek has gone before . ”
Along with Russ and Koening , the cast will include returning faces from Star Trek : Of Gods And Men , including Garrett Wang , Manu Intiraymi , and Richard Herd of Star Trek Voyager , and Gary Graham ( Alien Nation , Star Trek Enterprise ) .
There 's no word when Star Trek : Renegades will be released to the Internet ; after all , they just started production last month . In the meantime , check out these short videos of Tim Russ and Walter Koening introducing the project 's Kickstarter page :
Facebook and Apple will soon have new neighbors : The Department of Homeland Security .
The government agency will open a satellite office in Silicon Valley , the firm announced Tuesday during the RSA Conference in San Francisco .
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said the department is in the final stages of opening a local office , which will `` serve as another point of contact for our friends here '' in California .
`` We want to strengthen critical relationships in Silicon Valley and ensure that the government and the private sector benefit from each other 's research and development , '' Johnson continued . `` And we want to convince some of the talented workforce here in Silicon Valley to come to Washington . ''
`` My message to you today is this : government does not have all the answers or all the talent , '' Johnson said . `` Cybersecurity must be a partnership between government and the private sector . We need each other , and we must work together . There are things government can do for you , and there are things we need you to do for us . ''
Johnson pointed to the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center ( NCCIC ) , which received more than 97,000 cyber incident reports from private and government sectors last year , and issued almost 12,000 cyber alerts or warnings .
`` My goal is to see the NCCIC move to an even higher and better level , '' Johnson said , so DHS is `` in the hunt to hire a new NCCIC director . I am personally participating in efforts to find a recognized all-star in the cybersecurity field , and I believe we are going to hire such a person soon . ''
President Obama wants to make the NCCIC `` the primary portal through which the private sector should pass cyber threat indicators , '' Johnson said . The administration also supports `` legislation that will provide protection from civil and criminal liability to those who share cyber threat indicators with the NCCIC . ''
In February , Obama signed an executive order that 's intended to facilitate information sharing about cyber threats between the federal government and private companies .
A more recent executive order , meanwhile , authorized the Secretary of the Treasury , in consultation with the Attorney General and the Secretary of State , to impose sanctions on individuals or entities believed to be involved in `` malicious cyber-enabled activities '' that could pose `` a significant threat to the national security , foreign policy , economic health , or financial stability of the United States . ''
A joint study produced in 2013 by the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) and McAfee tipped an estimated $ 70 billion to $ 140 billion spent annually to fight cyber crime .
`` In the name of homeland security , we can build more walls , erect more screening devices , interrogate more people , and make everybody suspicious of each other , '' Johnson said . `` But we should not do this at the cost of who we are as a nation of people who cherish privacy and freedom to travel , celebrate our diversity , and who are not afraid .
`` In the final analysis , these are the things that constitute our greatest homeland security , '' he concluded .
By Pat Brennan ,
NASA 's Exoplanet Exploration Program
A newly discovered , roughly Earth-sized planet orbiting our nearest neighboring star might be habitable , according to a team of astronomers using the European Southern Observatory 's 3.6-meter telescope at La Silla , Chile , along with other telescopes around the world .
The exoplanet is at a distance from its star that allows temperatures mild enough for liquid water to pool on its surface .
Proxima Centauri A visualization of the nearest exoplanet to Earth , Proxima b . Only 4 light-years away , this world orbits its cool red star every 11 days . Click and drag to move the planet . Click the corner to see full-screen .
`` NASA congratulates ESO on the discovery of this intriguing planet that has captured the hopes and the imagination of the world , '' says Paul Hertz , Astrophysics Division Director at NASA Headquarters , Washington . `` We look forward to learning more about the planet , whether it holds ingredients that could make it suitable for life . ''
The new planet circles Proxima Centauri , the smallest member of a triple star system known to science fiction fans everywhere as Alpha Centauri . Just over 4 light-years away , Proxima is the closest star to Earth , besides our own sun .
`` This is really a game-changer in our field , '' said Olivier Guyon , a planet-hunting affiliate at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , California , and associate professor at the University of Arizona , Tucson . `` The closest star to us has a possible rocky planet in the habitable zone . That 's a huge deal . It also boosts the already existing , mounting body of evidence that such planets are near , and that several of them are probably sitting quite close to us . This is extremely exciting . ''
`` This is really a game-changer in our field . '' - Astronomer Olivier Guyon
The science team that made the discovery , led by Guillem Anglada-Escudé of Queen Mary University of London , will publish its findings Aug. 25 in the journal Nature . The team traced subtle wobbles in the star revealing the presence of a star-tugging planet .
They determined that the new planet , dubbed Proxima b , is at least 1.3 times the mass of Earth . It orbits its star far more closely than Mercury orbits our sun , taking only 11 days to complete a single orbit -- a `` year '' on Proxima b .
This infographic compares the orbit of the planet around Proxima Centauri ( Proxima b ) with the same region of the Solar System . Proxima Centauri is smaller and cooler than the Sun and the planet orbits much closer to its star than Mercury . Credit : ESO/M . Kornmesser/G . Coleman
Long list of unknowns
The stunning announcement comes with plenty of caveats . While the new planet lies within its star 's `` habitable zone '' -- a distance at which temperatures are right for liquid water -- scientists do not yet know if the planet has an atmosphere .
It also orbits a red-dwarf star , far smaller and cooler than our sun . The planet likely presents only one face to its star , as the moon does to Earth , instead of rotating through our familiar days and nights . And Proxima b could be subject to potentially life-extinguishing stellar flares .
See more : NASA 's Hubble Telescope makes first atmospheric study of Earth-sized exoplanets
`` That 's the worry in terms of habitability , '' said Scott Gaudi , an astronomy professor at Ohio State University , Columbus , and JPL affiliate credited with numerous exoplanet discoveries . `` This thing is being bombarded by a fair amount of high-energy radiation . It 's not obvious if it 's going to have a magnetic field strong enough to prevent its whole atmosphere from getting blown away . But those are really hard calculations , and I certainly would n't put my money either way on that . ''
Despite the unknowns , the discovery was hailed by NASA exoplanet hunters as a major milestone on the road to finding other possible life-bearing worlds within our stellar neighborhood .
`` It helps buoy our confidence that planets are everywhere . '' - Sara Seager , MIT
`` It definitely gives us something to be excited about , '' said Sara Seager , a planetary science and physics professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Cambridge , and an exoplanet-hunting pioneer . `` I think it will definitely motivate people to get moving . ''
'Not completely unexpected '
Statistical surveys of exoplanets -- planets orbiting other stars -- by NASA 's Kepler space telescope have revealed a large proportion of small planets around small stars , she said .
The Kepler data suggest we should expect at least one potentially habitable , Earth-size planet orbiting M-type stars , like Proxima , within 10 light-years of our solar system .
So the latest discovery was `` not completely unexpected . We 're more lucky than surprised , '' Seager said . But it `` helps buoy our confidence that planets are everywhere . ''
It 's especially encouraging for upcoming space telescopes , which can contribute to the study of the new planet . The James Webb Space Telescope , launching in 2018 , may be able to follow up on this planet with spectroscopy to determine the contents of its atmosphere . NASA 's Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite ( TESS ) will find similar planets in the habitable zone in the stellar backyard of our solar system in 2018 .
One of TESS 's goals is to find planets orbiting nearby M-dwarf stars like Proxima Centauri .
See more : NASA 's next planet hunter will look closer to home
`` It 's great news just to know that M-dwarf planets could be as common as we think they are , '' Seager said .
Another possible inspiration Proxima b could reignite : the admittedly far-off goal of sending a probe to another solar system .
The relative sizes of a number of stars , including the three ( known ) members of Alpha Centauri triple system . The sun and planet Jupiter are also shown for comparison . Credit : ESO
Bill Borucki , an exoplanet pioneer , said the new discovery might inspire more interstellar research , especially if Proxima b proves to have an atmosphere .
Coming generations of space and ground-based telescopes , including large ground telescopes now under construction , could yield more information about the planet , perhaps inspiring ideas on how to pay it a visit .
See more : Inventing the Future
`` It may be that the first time we get really good information is from the newer telescopes that may be coming online in a decade or two , '' said Borucki , now retired , a former principal investigator for Kepler which has discovered the bulk of the more than 3,300 exoplanets found so far .
`` Maybe people will talk about sending a probe to that star system , '' Borucki said . `` I think it does provide some inspiration for an interstellar mission , because now we know there is a planet in the habitable zone , probably around the mass of Earth , around the closest star . I think it does inspire a future effort to go there and check it out . ''
To read the ESO press release , visit :
www.eso.org/public/news/eso1629/ ? lang
To learn more about NASA 's Exoplanet Program , visit :
http : //exoplanets.nasa.gov
To read the paper , visit :
A terrestrial planet candidate in a temperate orbit around Proxima Centauri
NBN Co 's fibre-to-the-premise product will be ready for service in areas where internet service provider TPG is seen as posing a competitive threat from late September this year .
NBN Co expects fibre-to-the-premise for apartment and office blocks to be ready for service by September 24 in six areas in which TPG is threatening to compete against the national broadband network , according to Telstra Wholesale 's NBN Co rollout schedule , updated today and confirmed by NBN Co .
In April this year NBN Co revealed it would accelerate its rollout of fibre to apartments and office buildings in inner areas of several cities nationwide in a “ commercial response ” to the emerging threat posed by TPG .
The ISP last year detailed plans to cherry pick lucrative metropolitan areas for connectivity and provide fibre-to-the-basement services to an extra 500,000 apartments across metropolitan Sydney and Melbourne , by using loopholes in the anti-cherry picking legislation governing the NBN .
TPG has already started construction in a number of sites across NSW , Victoria and Brisbane , and is live trialling the service .
NBN Co identified a number of contested areas - specifically Haymarket in Sydney , South Melbourne , and New Farm and Fortitude Valley in Queensland - at the time and said it would make FTTP services available in those areas in the “ middle of the year ” .
The Telstra Wholesale NBN rollout schedule , the details for which are pulled from NBN Co data , reveals the organisation has added two more locations to the list of target areas - Millers Point in NSW and Docklands in Victoria .
The September 24 service date represents the point at which NBN Co expects the NBN to pass at least 90 percent of premises within the rollout region . Services can only be connected to the NBN after this date .
`` These are buildings that will form the market trial , which is intended to test our processes , systems and capabilities for releasing and deploying single multiple-dwelling units , '' an NBN Co spokesperson told iTnews .
`` These buildings , located in high value , high density inner city areas in Sydney , Brisbane and Melbourne , are forecast to be ready for service in September . It took us a little longer than we 'd hoped to finalise agreements with each of the relevant bodies corporate . ''
The rollout will only involve FTTP for the apartment and office blocks at this stage - NBN Co recently pushed back the public release of its fibre-to-the-basement product to early next year .
FTTP involves fibre optic cabling running to each apartment or business within a block , where FTTB would connect to a point ( most likely the basement ) , after which existing copper would be used .
In a product roadmap released this month , NBN Co revealed an FTTB product would not be open to the market until the first quarter of next year , despite chief executive Bill Morrow previously signalling an October 2014 release .
NBN Co is currently trialling the service and recently extended its pilot to October . The trial began in January and involves the deployment of digital subscriber line access multiplexer ( DSLAMs ) in 10 multi-dwelling units with an average mix of between 80 and 100 residential and commercial premises .
FTTB services will be tested for “ business readiness ” from December 2014 , and ISPs are expected to be onboarded from January next year .
Employers of some of the country 's lowest-paid workers are stealing billions from their paychecks -- and federal and state law enforcement agencies have only been able to recover a fraction of those lost wages .
According to the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute , government agencies — as well as private lawyers — recovered almost $ 2 billion in wages that should have been paid to workers in 2015 and 2016 .
For the last few years , labor advocates have sought to bring more attention to the issue of `` wage theft , '' which can take many forms : Requiring workers to stay after their shift officially ends , failing to pay overtime or taking deductions that reduce total hourly pay to below the minimum wage .
It 's a big problem in low-wage industries like residential construction and warehousing , but the most visible offenders are retail and restaurant chains , which have high turnover and often employ undocumented immigrants who are more vulnerable to intimidation from an employer should they complain .
In recent years , several progressive cities have passed ordinances allowing local law enforcement to police wage theft , and the Department of Labor under the Obama administration hired more investigators to go after problem employers .
Still , EPI 's compilation of state wage theft settlements shows that some states are much more aggressive than others .
California recovered nearly $ 117 million for workers between 2015 and 2016 — more than a third of the total amount recovered by the 39 states from which EPI received figures . That was followed by New York , which won back $ 84.6 million .
When adjusted for the size of the workforce , Connecticut comes out in front , recovering $ 9.66 per capita over those two years . Compare that with last-ranking Indiana , which only got back 19 cents per worker on average .
Related : Trump administration rule could force workers to share tips
Although it 's possible that the severity of wage theft varies across states , the EPI researchers found that the amount recovered has more to do with the resources devoted to enforcement and the legal tools available in each state .
California , for example , requires employers to issue each worker a notice of their rights , including the pay rate and who they can call if it 's not reflected in their paychecks . The state also hosts a wealth of labor union-aligned nonprofits with the capacity to educate workers about the law and how to file complaints .
In states that do n't have strong protections , workers can be very reluctant to report wage theft , especially if the payoff is small and the possibility of retaliation — such as getting demoted or losing one 's job — is high . An earlier EPI study based on government survey data found that workers in the 10 most populous states alone likely lose about $ 8 billion a year in underpaid wages .
Still , state attorneys general accounted for only $ 317 million out of the nearly $ 2 billion recovered for workers in 2015 and 2016 . The rest of the money came from the federal Department of Labor 's $ 513 million in wage and hour settlements , and $ 1.2 billion in payouts stemmed from lawsuits , many of them class actions .
Payouts through litigation , in particular , jumped dramatically over the past two years . The value of just the top 10 wage and hour settlements , as compiled by the law firm Seyfarth Shaw , tripled between 2014 and 2016 , to $ 695 million .
Part of that total was driven by a few very large settlements in long-running lawsuits , including $ 466 million paid in two cases against FedEx for misclassifying drivers as independent contractors , and therefore not paying required overtime . In a statement , FedEx says it settled the case `` to remain focused on meeting the needs of our customers . ''
But according to Seyfarth , the high total was also due to the fact that while recent Supreme Court cases have made it difficult to mount a class action lawsuit in cases of employment discrimination , circuit courts of appeal — especially those in New York and on the West Coast — have continued to welcome the multi-plaintiff wage and hour lawsuits that are more lucrative for lawyers .
Related : Americans see jobs aplenty . Good wages ? Not so much
`` Prosecution of wage and hour lawsuits is a relatively low cost investment , without significant barriers to entry , and with the prospect of immediate returns as compared to other types of workplace class action litigation , '' Seyfarth 's report reads .
However , that may soon change . In October , the Supreme Court heard National Labor Relations Board vs. Murphy Oil USA , which could uphold employers ' right to bar their workers from mounting class action lawsuits , forcing them instead into individual arbitration .
Celine McNicholas , co-author of EPI 's report , says that would make it even more difficult for workers to address underpayment of wages at a time when government enforcement is n't up to the task .
`` There is rampant wage theft out there , and you 're seeing the private bar respond to that , '' McNicholas says . `` If you take away the class mechanism , that private enforcement will be taken away from workers as well . ''
But you can confuse them…
I do n't envy Mark Reinhold 's job . As Chief Architect of the Java Platform Group at Oracle , he has literally millions of Java developers to keep happy . That 's no simple task .
Just before JavaOne , there were a number of announcements made about the Java platform including a move to a strict six-month release cadence as well as a proposal for a new JDK version-string scheme .
It 's fair to say that the Java community responded very favourably to the idea that there would be a new feature release of Java twice a year . One complaint about Java in the past has been the rate at which new features have been made available . In theory , the release cadence since Oracle acquired Sun Microsystems has been two years . In practice that has n't been the case . JDK 7 was released in July 2011 , which was over four and a half years from JDK 6 . ( To be fair , there were more than just technical reasons for the length of time between those two releases ) . JDK 8 emerged into the light of day just under three years later and , with the launch of JDK 9 , this September , it was three and a half years between releases .
With a strict release schedule , release contents will be driven by what is ready to ship not what is targeted for a specific release . Fewer changes in each release but the opportunity to get changes more quickly .
So far , so good .
However , the proposal for the new version-numbering scheme was less well received .
It might seem that version numbering should be relatively straightforward , but that is not the case in reality . Historically , Java has had what could best be described as a somewhat schizophrenic version numbering scheme .
For fun , let 's look back at the history of Java versions .
In the beginning , we had JDK 1.0 . OK , that makes sense , the very first official ( non-beta ) version with the possibility ( signified by the .0 extension ) of further updates . The problem immediately becomes , what qualifies as an update ? The next version , JDK 1.1 , included reasonably significant new features like inner classes and reflection . With hindsight , this would have been better termed JDK 2.0 .
Things all went a bit weird when the next version was released . The way I describe this is a situation where marketing clashed with engineering , and neither would concede defeat . At this point , Java was sort of rebranded ( input from marketing ) to Java 2 . It was also divided into three distinct technological groupings . Thus we had Java 2 Micro Edition ( ME ) for phones and embedded applications , Java 2 Standard Edition ( SE ) , for the core platform and Java 2 Enterprise Edition ( EE ) for app server container-based applications . This should have been fine ; except engineering somehow did n't buy into this ( at least not for Java SE ) and so we ended up with Java 2 SE version 1.2 . This , to me , was a big mistake , why keep the 1. prefix and not change it to 2.0 ?
To make things even more confusing , the next version was Java 2 SE version 1.3 shortly followed by an update with smaller changes , Java 2 SE version 1.3.1 . The addition of a further subdivision seems somewhat arbitrary , given the previous release numbering . At this point marketing decided that Java 3 was n't going to happen ( more likely , whoever was in charge of marketing at Sun when the Java 2 decision was made had moved on to pastures new ) and we got a distinction between the Java brand ( Java 2 SE ) and the JDK , so JDK 1.4 , JDK 1.4.1 and JDK 1.4.2 .
The next version of Java included the most significant set of changes to the language since it was launched ( enumerations , generic types , etc . ) as well as substantial new libraries ( e.g. , the concurrency utilities ) . A decision was made that this should be reflected in the version number . Thus we had Java 2 SE version 5.0 . Unfortunately , engineering , presumably mindful of the issues of compatibility , stuck with the existing numbering scheme internally so java –version initially returned 1.5.0 . However , periodic updates including bug and security fixes were required , so an official update scheme was introduced . This gave us Java 2 SE 5.0 update 1 and jdk1.5.0.1 from java –version . ( I 've not been able to test this , but I seem to remember that it was in this form ) .
With new blood in Sun marketing , the decision was made to simplify things ( well , they could n't really be made more complicated ) so the next release was the cleaned up , stripped down , Java SE 6 . No more 2 ( there would never be a 3 , so it was kind of redundant ) and the .0 was officially dropped . java –version still returned jdk1.6.0.1 , however . ( Again , this is from my memory , not confirmed )
The next ten years were a period of relative version numbering stability giving us Java SE 7 ( JDK 1.7.0 ) and Java SE 8 ( JDK 1.8.0 ) . The only thing of note that changed was the numbering for updates . This switched to an increment of five for each limited update release or critical patch update ( CPU ) , which is Oracle terminology . The reason for this was these releases were scheduled for each quarter and in the event of an emergency patch before the planned release date there needed to be numbers available . Also , at some point ( that I 'm unable to determine ) the value returned by java –version started to use an underscore rather than a period for the update , so it became jdk1.8.0_131 , for example .
With JDK 9 having a number of incompatible changes , the decision was made to clean up the version numbering properly once and for all . This was described in JEP 223 , and we now have a more semantic version numbering scheme . The specification for the core platform is Java SE 9 ( defined through JSR 379 ) , and the JDK version is now $ MAJOR. $ MINOR. $ PATCH ( e.g . 9.0.5 ) .
At this point , it would seem that everything is good .
Unfortunately not . As I mentioned at the start of this blog , the new , six-month , release cadence for the JDK also prompted a proposal for a new version-string format . This would be based on the date of the release since this would be fixed . Thus , the next release of Java would be Java SE 18.3 ( 18 for the year , 2018 and 3 for the month , March ) . Others have used this in the past , most obviously Ubuntu .
Unfortunately , this was not met with the same universal acceptance that the idea of a six-month release cadence was . Personally , I did n't see any problems with this , but some in the community did raise significant objections .
Based on this feedback , Mark has revised the proposed numbering scheme . We now have a defined four digit schemes : $ FEATURE. $ INTERIM. $ UPDATE. $ EMERG . Full details of this can be found in Mark 's post on the jdk-dev mailing list .
This seems more popular than the YEAR.MONTH scheme but Stephen Colebourne in particular still does n't like this . I spoke to Mark about this at JavaOne , and he made a good point , which I think Stephen is overlooking . If you ignore the changes to the numbering scheme and think of this in terms of what we 've had before the only difference is that update releases of the JDK can now contain feature changes , either addition ( or removal ) of features .
The biggest problem faced by Java is how to appeal to two distinctly different audiences of developers . On the one hand , you have big commercial users who want stability with long-term publicly available security and bug fixes . On the other , you have cutting-edge developers who want access to the latest features as quickly as possible . The third change that was announced at the same time as the new release cadence and version-string scheme solves this dilemma .
Java releases will be divided into two groups :
Feature releases . These will have public updates only until the next feature release , i.e. , for six months . These are , in effect , the same as the update releases we 've been used to with the exception that they can contain new features or remove previously deprecated ones . Long-term support ( LTS ) releases . These are the same as a feature release , except that they will have publicly available updates for three years . Bug and security fixes from future feature releases will be back-ported to these releases . JDK 8 is an LTS release , and the next one will be in September next year so JDK 11 . Just to be clear on this , JDK 9 is a Feature release , not an LTS one .
Commercial users looking for stability only really have the option of using the LTS releases , upgrading every three years . For leading-edge developers , they can take whichever release they want for the new features and move in a more agile way but accepting that they will need to upgrade every six months .
I will point out that Azul , as a provider of extremely reasonably priced OpenJDK Java support , is actively looking at how we can offer extended support for Feature releases . Watch this space for further details on this .
Hopefully , the new numbering scheme will be approved , and Java 10 will be the next release .
Or should we call it Java X ?
Director Joss Whedon surprisingly revealed that Tom Hiddleston 's Loki wo n't be returning for The Avengers 2 during a podcast on Empire . When talking about the film , this is what he had to say ,
Everyone is going to be looking for the Loki-Hulk smash moment and you 'll be looking for [ a quim moment ] . First of all , imitating what I did before is the surest way to do it not as well . Second of all , Loki 's not there to say those terrible things . Although I do think we should bring the word back , not as an insult , it 's just a nice word .
It seems a little weird knowing that we wo n't be seeing Looking in the sequel , but if he does n't need to be a part of the story , then so be it . Whedon knows what he 's doing , he 's got a plan , Marvel seems to be rolling with it , and I 'm excited to see what 's in store for the Earth 's Mightiest Heroes this next time around .
Whedon also discussed the script , working with Marvel , as well as some more about Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver . There 's nothing too major , just some stuff we 've already heard him say before , but here ya go .
I 've turned in a first draft , the story is very set , everybody [ at Marvel 's ] on board with the exact movie I 'm trying to make which is what worked the first time .... I said ' I want to make this movie , a Marvel version of this movie ' and they said 'Yay ' and never looked back . Well they [ actually ] said 'Maybe the tone ' or 'Maybe this structure ' but once we had it , we had it , and I feel like we 're there with [ Avengers 2 ] which is really important . There 's still 'very fine tuning ' to do on the script . There are many things that can be 'plussed ' ( sic ) and be better and also , there 's some science in it , which means I have scenes where someone says 'Science the sciency science ' . So I 'm like ' I 'll fix that later . '
When asked about Quicksilver he said ,
He 's in our movie and he 's going to be dope .... Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch , very close to my heart because they were Avengers the whole time I was reading the book as a kid . Oh , and sometimes they were evil , but sometimes they were good . They 're very textured , they 're very different from everybody else in the mix . They 're not there to make things easier on The Avengers but what we do with the group once we 've got them is squeeze . The fun I 'm having doing that is probably unseemly .
You can listen to the podcast below if you want .
A nightclub in Bavaria has found newly arrived refugees to be too uncivilized to admit , particularly because the women patrons do n't like being harassed . When the owner said he would ban refugees , presumably African and Middle Eastern Muslims , howls of racism were heard from the usual liberal enforcers .
A suggested solution is for flyers to be handed out that explains to refugees how to behave properly toward western women .
Seriously , it 's unlikely that foreigners from a culture based on 1400 years of misogyny and oppression of women can be brought under control by a flyer . The Koran tells Muslim men that infidel women are available to them because of the innate superiority of Islam . We see that attitude played out in the horrific rapes of Yazidi women by ISIS jihadists .
Below , thousands of African men have been utilizing Europe 's open border to gain entrance to the First World , with all its pleasures and free stuff .
The Local reports that problems began after a new group arrived in the town 's refugee center last December and began insulting women and stealing things in the bar . The club 's owner says “ the blacks have a problem with women , and the Arabs have a problem with aggression. ” Such nice new residents Bavaria is getting !
Germany is expecting to settle a half million refugees this year , so culture clashes wo n't be limited to piggyman behavior at nightclubs .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
April 11 , 2017 , 4:25 PM GMT / Updated April 11 , 2017 , 4:25 PM GMT By Alex Seitz-Wald
As voters head to the polls Tuesday in a surprisingly competitive special election in Kansas , President Donald Trump put his political capital on the line by wading into a race that has given the GOP an unexpected run for its money .
No one had thought the special election to replace former Rep. Mike Pompeo , now Trump 's CIA director , would be much of a contest at all . Trump and Pompeo both won Kansas ' 4th Congressional District by around 30 percentage points last year , and national Democrats had not bothered investing any money in it until this week .
But weak polling and early vote returns , driven partly by the unpopularity of Trump and Republican Gov . Sam Brownback — ranked America 's least popular governor last year — have sent worried Republicans on a last-minute frenzy to prop up GOP candidate Ron Estes .
“ Ron Estes needs your vote and needs it badly , ” Trump said on a robo call produced by a GOP super PAC Monday .
On Tuesday , Trump made his most public intervention yet into any of the special congressional elections this year , using Twitter to boost the Estes in his bid to keep a seat the GOP has held for a quarter century .
Independent analysts and operatives in both parties still think Estes , the two-term state treasurer , will prevail Tuesday over Democrat James Thompson . The GOP is fretting more about his potential narrow margin of victory than losing outright , they say .
But Republicans have been forced to invest far more in the closing days of this race than they expected to .
Republicans greatly outnumber Democrats in the district , which is home to GOP mega donors Charles and David Koch . But Democrats are hoping their base 's enthusiasm will make up for their numerical disadvantage in an election where turnout is expected to be low .
If Estes loses or underperforms , it will be immediately interpreted as a bad omen for GOP electoral prospects in the Trump era .
Republicans are clearly worried . Since Thursday , as NBC 's First Read noted , the National Republican Congressional Committee has poured cash into a last-minute TV ad buy attacking Thompson , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz flew in to stump for Estes , and a Republican super PAC launched the robocalls from Trump and Vice President Mike Pence .
“ I 've heard people whose opinions I respect tell me they think it would be single digits , ” Clay Barker , the executive director of the Kansas Republican Party , told the Kansas City Star .
The paper reported that an internal poll circulating among GOP operates showed Estes leading Thompson by just a single point last week .
Democrats are already looking for an upset in next week 's special election in Georgia , a conservative district where 30-year-old Democrat Jon Ossoff is leading every Republican in recent polls .
RELATED : Trump 's shadow is looming over Georgia special election
As alarm bells went off for Republicans this weekend , Democrats poured $ 200,000 into Thompson 's campaign in a matter of days through the liberal blog Daily Kos .
That 's a stunning outpouring of cash for a candidate who reported raising under $ 250,000 from the beginning of January through the end of March , according to his most recent FEC report .
And after steering clear of a race they believed they had no chance of winning for months , the official campaign arm of House Democrats , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , also launched a last-minute round of get-out-the-vote calls Monday night , which will target 25,000 households in the district .
Thompson , meanwhile , is not exactly the kind of conservative Democrat one might expect to run in a place like Kansas .
A civil rights attorney who has brought lawsuits on behalf of people shot by police , Thompson favors legalizing marijuana and has said he decided to run for Congress because of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders .
“ I 'm totally new to politics — I was inspired to run by Bernie . After the election , I decided to get out from behind my Facebook keyboard and try to make a difference , so I decided to run for office , ” Thompson said on a Reddit “ Ask Me Anything ” Forum hosted by the “ Sanders for President ” subreddit .
Thompson , who said his family was homeless for a time while he was growing up in Oklahoma City , joined the Army and was a member of the Presidential Honor Guard .
“ The fact is , this election will be all about turnout , which is why we 're hyper focused on getting volunteers on the phones to let voters know that there 's an election , ” Thompson said on the Reddit forum .
RELATED : Democrats vs. Trump : Full coverage
Thompson has put Brownback , rather than Trump , at the center of his campaign .
Last year , Democrats surprised many by flipping four state legislative seats in Kansas , which they credited in part to Brownback 's unpopularity .
A poll commissioned by the Kansas Center for Economic Growth at the end of March showed that just 24 percent of Kansans approve of the job Brownback is doing as governor , while two-thirds disapprove . And it 's not much better among his own party , with only 34 percent of registered Republicans giving him a thumbs up .
CLOSE Phil Jackson and the New York Knicks are listening to trade offers for Kristaps Porzingis and Knicks fans are not handling the news well . USA TODAY Sports
San Antonio Spurs forward LaMarcus Aldridge ( 12 ) reacts after a play during the second quarter against the Houston Rockets in game four of the second round of the 2017 NBA Playoffs at Toyota Center . ( Photo11 : Troy Taormina-USA TODAY Sports )
In this six-degrees-of-Golden-State world in which every other team is now forced to operate , there is immense pressure to bridge the competitive gap that exists between the league 's new champions and the rest of the pack .
Yet that space is smaller for the San Antonio Spurs than any other squad , with just a six-win difference in their latest regular seasons ( 67 to 61 ) and the reality that the Spurs put a scare into the Warriors in Game 1 of the Western Conference Finals before Kawhi Leonard 's ankle injury changed it all . Now with the Thursday draft approaching , and with free agency coming fast on July 1 , the Spurs are faced with all sorts of uncertainty that could lead to them surging ahead or falling behind .
The first front and center issue to be resolved ? LaMarcus Aldridge .
According to a person with knowledge of the Spurs forward 's situation , it 's the 31-year-old 's unhappiness in San Antonio that is the driving force behind the Spurs ' trade talks on Thursday . The five-time All-Star , according to the person , is hopeful that San Antonio can find a better fit for his talents .
The person spoke to USA TODAY Sports on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the situation .
The Spurs are known to be talking to several teams about the possibility of trading Aldridge , with their hope of landing a high first-round pick in the Thursday draft . ESPN first reported the Spurs ' trade talks relating to Aldridge , who has one more guaranteed season on his contract worth $ 21.4 million and a player option for the 2018-19 season worth $ 22.3 million .
When Aldridge signed in San Antonio two summers ago , he had to be sold on the idea that his skills were a good fit for the Spurs ' system . He came close to signing with the Phoenix Suns , having seen their young core and been drawn to the idea that he would be a featured part of their offense .
According to a person with knowledge of the Suns ' situation , it appears unlikely that Aldridge is Phoenix-bound anytime soon . While the Suns have the No . 4 pick and could likely put a package together to appease the Spurs , the person said there was “ nothing there . ”
He spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the situation .
All latest intel/insight on draft , trade rumors , LaMarcus Aldridge situation et al on Facebook Live w/ @ TweetAJNKhttps : //t.co/JB5fMVPp1U — Sam Amick ( @ sam_amick ) June 22 , 2017
But the Spurs ' way is different , with coach Gregg Popovich less inclined to feature individual talents and Leonard 's emergence these past two seasons ensuring that he 's their epicenter . The track record is impeccable , of course , what with the Spurs having won five championships since 1999 .
But this last postseason was the latest downward turn between Aldridge and the Spurs , as the Leonard injury in Game 1 opened the kind of door that , conceivably , he had been wishing was there all along . Except for one thing : Not only had he been he battling knee tendinitis in the weeks leading up to that point , but the Spurs were facing a Warriors defense that was n't about to let Aldridge get loose like he did for all those years in Portland . What 's more , the Spurs were already without point guard Tony Parker after he tore a tendon in his left quadriceps in the second round against the Houston Rockets .
With the Warriors ' Draymond Green leading the way , they double-teamed Aldridge . They swiped his way every time he touched the ball . Aldridge quickly became the goat of that series , with Popovich saying of Aldridge after the Warriors ' 136-100 win in Game 2 in which he had just eight points and four rebounds , “ He ca n't be timid . He turned down shots in the first quarter . He ca n't do it . You 've got to score . Scoring has to come from someplace . I think he 's got a major responsibility in Game 3 to come out and get something done . Whether it 's for himself or teammates . They come after him , to find somebody , turn it over , take good shots . He 's got to do it . No doubt about it . ”
It did n't get much better from there , with Aldridge shooting just 38.4 % in those three games without Leonard against the Warriors ( 15 of 39 ) while averaging 11.3 points and 5.3 rebounds . And now , with the Spurs already trying to free up salary cap space for the forthcoming pursuits of free agents like the Clippers ' Chris Paul this summer , Aldridge 's situation is simmering because it all left a bad taste in his mouth .
But as the Spurs try to upgrade their roster and keep coming at the Warriors , this much is clear : Aldridge finds himself in a frustrating place .
MORE NBA NEWS :
GALLERY : FINAL MOCK DRAFT
Aerial photographs reveal considerable damage caused to a military airfield in central Syria from an Islamic State attack . In photos released by the Stratfor intelligence firm , four helicopters and 20 charred trucks can be seen at the T4 base , which serves the Russian army . The photos show the airfield on May 14 , before the strike , and on May 17 , after the airfield was hit .
Despite the evidence that Russian equipment was hit , Moscow issued a statement denying reports that the T4 base , which is about 60 kilometers from the city of Palmyra , was attacked . Commentators said the attack on the airfield appears to have caused the most serious damage that Russia has sustained in the military operation that it has been waging in Syria since September 2015 .
skip - Before and after images of a Russian supply depot at the T4 base near Palmyra , Syria .
skip - Before and after images of Russian attack helicopters at the T4 base near Palmyra , Syria .
skip - Before and after images of the T4 base near Palmyra , Syria .
skip - Before and after images of a Syrian aircraft at the T4 base near Palmyra , Syria .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
OTTAWA—In a victory for First Nations and environmental groups , the Supreme Court of Canada says the Yukon government was not entitled to rewrite a land-use plan for a huge swath of wilderness in the territory . The unanimous high court ruling Friday is likely to have a profound impact on resource development and ecological protection in the Peel Watershed , which covers an area the size of Ireland .
The Hart River , which runs through the Yukon Territory 's Peel Watershed . The unanimous high court ruling is likely to have a profound impact on resource development in the Peel Watershed , which covers a portion of the northern territory the size of Ireland . ( AARON VINCENT ELKAIM / The New York times )
In 1993 , Canada , Yukon and First Nations agreed on a consultative process for development of land-use plans in regions including the watershed . The process led to creation of a recommended plan for the watershed , but the process broke down when Yukon changed the final plan over the objections of the First Nations , who argued the territory did not have authority to do so . Environmental groups say the government 's changes drastically altered the final plan by removing protections and opening up more than 70 per cent of the watershed to roads , mining and drilling .
Article Continued Below
A trial judge ruled that Yukon had breached an agreement when it changed the plan , quashed Yukon 's final land-use plan and ordered that the process return to the point of final consultations between the territory and First Nations . The Court of Appeal upheld the trial judge 's order to quash the government plan , but ordered that the process resume at an earlier stage — when Yukon first received the recommended plan . In its ruling Friday , the Supreme Court agreed with the trial judge , saying the Yukon government had a chance to propose changes to the plan earlier in the process but did not do so . In her reasons on behalf of the court , Justice Andromache Karakatsanis wrote that Yukon “ did not have the authority to make the extensive changes ” it made to the final plan . The high court said the government should not be allowed to take new positions it wishes it had taken earlier . In addition , it ruled the process did not permit the government to modify the plan so significantly that it effectively rejected it .
It means the process returns to the later stage of the process , in which Yukon can approve , reject or modify the final plan . The Supreme Court clarified that any modifications at this stage must be based on those proposed earlier in the process or respond to changing circumstances , adding that modifications are by definition “ minor or partial changes . ”
Article Continued Below
The Peel Watershed has no permanent residents and few roads . Its rugged mountains and taiga forests are home to a wide range of fish , wildlife and plant species . There is potential to expand wilderness tourism , big-game outfitting and trapping , along with growing interest in mineral and oil-and-gas exploration .
Read more about :
BHU protests : The university vice-chancellor says protests `` a simple case of eve-teasing ''
Highlights BHU Vice Chancellor said , the `` incident was deliberately staged '' Protests started over allegations of lack of safety in campus He also suggested that the issue is being politicised
BHU Vice Chancellor has been criticised for not acting on the complaint by the women students
The alleged sexual harassment of a woman student at the Banaras Hindu University ( BHU ) , which provoked massive protests and a controversial police crackdown on students , was a `` a simple case of eve teasing '' , the university 's Vice Chancellor has said.Girish Chandra Tripathi has also alleged that the `` incident was deliberately staged '' a day before Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's visit to Varanasi , which is his parliamentary constituency.The students ' protest that followed the incident exploded after a widely-shared mobile video showed policemen charging towards women protesting at the gates of a hostel on Saturday . A policeman is seen pushing a woman student , who falls to the ground . Two other cops then begin thrashing her with lathis . Amid anger over the display of police high-handedness , Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Amit Shah , the chief of the ruling BJP , also spoke to Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath . Two policemen and an officer have been removed and an inquiry has been ordered into the video.Professor Tripathi , however , says the student protests are over a minor incident . `` This was not a case of molestation , this was a simple case of eve teasing that was deliberately staged a day before the Prime Minister 's visit , '' he told NDTV.The Vice Chancellor has been criticised for not acting on the complaint by the women students and going for victim-shaming instead . `` It is high time that the system of male patriarchy ends in this campus . Sometimes we are asked questions even if we want to go out of our hostels at 6 pm . Why and how can someone do that , '' said a student at a girls hostel inside the Mahila Mahavidayala campus at the BHU.The opposition has sharply criticised the centre and the state government . Taunting the BJP with its slogan `` Beti Bachao , Beti Padhao '' , Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi said , `` Modiji should apologise to the students of BHU and take immediate action '' .Suggesting that the issue is being politicised , Mr Tripathi said , `` I am of the opinion that institutions should not be made platforms for practising politics for different parties . I met the student concerned . She too is criticising the protest . She says the issue is being politicised . '' He also attributed the trouble in BHU to a `` mindset to disturb institutes of higher learning '' and referred to the Jawaharlal Nehru University and Delhi University .
New Delhi , May 6 ( ANI ) : The Congress party on Wednesday slammed the Bharatiya Janata Party for not letting the United Progressive Alliance ( UPA ) regime pass the Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) Bill in 2011 through its 'obstructionist policies ' .
`` When we were about to get the GST Bill passed , according to the schedule of the UPA , it should have come into operation from April 1 , 2010 . Because of the obstructionist policy of the BJP and their allies , it did not go through , '' Congress leader Veerappa Moily said .
`` We introduced the amendment in the Parliament in 2011 , but that was obstructed and it did not come into operation . Today , the Bill has again come up for consideration and we have been telling them that it is not the same Bill as 2011 . There are a lot of changes and the taxation system itself is a complicated one . There are a lot of complexities and conflicts which could be between the states , '' he added .
Earlier in the day , the Lok Sabha passed the GST Bill , with Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley assuring the states that the Centre would compensate any tax losses suffered by them over the next five years .
However , even as the voting for the bill was on , the Congress party staged a walkout . Ultimately , the bill received the two-third majority needed for it to pass . ( ANI )
Author Abstract
In recent years , there have been a number of high profile scandals on college campuses , ranging from cheating to hazing to rape . With so much information regarding a college 's academic and nonacademic attributes available to students , how do these scandals affect their applications ? To investigate , we construct a dataset of scandals at the top 100 United States universities between 2001 and 2013 . Scandals with a high level of media coverage significantly reduce applications . For example , a scandal covered in a long-form news article leads to a 10 percent drop in applications the following year . This is roughly the same as the impact on applications of dropping 10 spots in the US News and World Report college rankings . Moreover , colleges react to scandals -- the probability of another incident in the subsequent years falls -- but this effect dissipates within five years . Combined , these results suggest important demand-side and supply-side responses to incidents with negative media coverage .
Paper Information
The former Prime Minister laughed off the way in which his former press secretary Alastair Campbell advised him to avoid discussing religion when he was in power as he made his most explicit public profession of faith .
Speaking at a debate in London with the Archbishop of Canterbury , Dr Rowan Williams , Mr Blair spoke openly about his belief in “ salvation through Jesus Christ ” and even attempted to explain the resurrection .
He disclosed for the first time how he even once ordered his aides to kneel down and pray at a meeting with members of the Salvation Army .
And he dismissed claims that he prayed with George Bush – but insisted that it would “ not have been wrong ” to do so .
Mr Blair joined Dr Williams and the former Daily Telegraph editor Charles Moore to discuss the role of religion in public life at the latest in the series of high-profile Westminster Faith Debates in London .
He told how while in power he often disagreed with Christian groups , including on issues such as introducing supercasinos , but insisted that it was important that their views were heard .
He said that there was “ something basic and fundamental ” about the contribution the Church had made in Britain adding : “ It is very important that that voice is heard .
Using the word “ we ” when referring to Christians , he added : “ It is important that we are prepared to speak up and speak out from the position of faith and say we are not afraid to say this is what we believe and why we believe it . ”
Laughing about Mr Campbell 's “ famous instruction ” to steer clear of religion , he told how while he was leader of the opposition two members of the Salvation Army had come to see him .
“ At the end of the meeting one said ‘ right we are all going to kneel in prayer ' , '' said Mr Blair .
“ There were two people in my office , who shall remain nameless , who looked absolutely aghast but I said ‘ you are going to have to get on your knees ' .
“ They said ‘ for God 's sake ' and I said ‘ exactly ' . ”
He added that it had been refreshing to meet people who were “ not ashamed ” of their faith .
Asked whether the same had applied in relation to Mr Bush , he suggested he would have prayed with the former US president had he been asked to .
“ It would not have been wrong – it 's just that it did n't happen , ” he said .
There was applause for Dr Williams when , in answer to a question from the floor , he told how he had voted in the Lords against Mr Blair 's plans to liberalise gambling laws .
“ I did think the idea that you could regenerate an impoverished area of Manchester by importing a supercasino seemed to me utterly , utterly bizarre . ”
Dr Williams also addressed the series of controversies about Christianity in public – such as the wearing of crosses – adding : “ I 'm just a little wary about jumping too quickly in to the victim posture . ”
video size : 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document . .videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; } < div class= '' videoWrapper '' > < iframe src= '' https : //www.dvidshub.net/video/embed/489533 '' width= '' 640 '' height= '' 360 '' frameborder= '' 0 '' allowtransparency allowfullscreen > < /iframe > < /div > show more
Coast Guardsmen from the Cutter Waesche from Alameda , Calif. dewater a self-propelled semisubmersible in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Central America September 6 . The servicemembers seized more than 5,600 pounds of cocaine and safely apprehended five suspected drug smugglers from the smuggling vessel . This is the sixth SPSS interdiction by the Coast Guard in Fiscal Year 2016 , which runs from Oct. 1 , 2015 , to Sept. 30 , 2016 , and marks more than 416,600 pounds of cocaine worth more than $ 5.6 billion intercepted by Coast Guardsmen in Fiscal Year 2016 , a new record for the service . Coast Guard video courtesy of Cutter Waesche .
Candace Bailey
As G4 finalizes plans for a channel makeover in 2013 , the young male-skewing network will conclude the runs of its two signature series , Attack of the Show and X-Play . Both long-running shows will wrap up production at the end of this year .
Attack of the Show and X-Play will continue to roll out new episodes through December . Leading up to their finales , a rotating lineup of guest co-hosts will join Attack of the Show hosts Candace Bailey and Sara Underwood , including John Barrowman , Michael Ian Black , Josh Myers , Paul Scheer , Rob Huebel and Horatio Sanz . Various stars are also expected to join X-Play hosts Morgan Webb and Blair Herter on their show .
Both shows will take the next two months to wind down with a series of farewell episodes , inviting back favorite guests and former hosts , as well as airing audience favorite segments , such as Attack of the Show 's 2007 iPhone coverage and their first Comic-Con show that aired live from the convention floor in 2006 . X-Play will recap some of its past coverage from the floor of the E3 convention . Both Attack and X-Play pioneered such live convention-floor coverage .
`` Attack of the Show and X-Play have been important for G4 , and we want to acknowledge the creative people who have helped inspire and showcase the phenomenon of gamer culture , '' says G4 Media general manager Adam Stotsky . `` With more than 3,000 episodes aired between them , we have more than enough great material to honor these innovators and their amazing contributions as we bring both shows to a close . ''
Attack of the Show ( which has aired more than 1,700 episodes ) served as a launch pad for personalities including former hosts Kevin Pereira and Olivia Munn , and as it earned geek cred , attracted major stars like James Cameron , Ryan Reynolds , Jimmy Fallon and William Shatner . The show debuted in March 2005 , while X-Play ( which clocks in at around 1,300 episodes ) launched in April 2003 on G4 predecessor TechTV .
Meanwhile , as speculation continues over the evolution of G4 , sources say the channel may be looking to partner with Esquire magazine ( or another men 's periodical , like GQ ) as it moves into a more upscale , sophisticated guy TV space . Among the possible new names for the channel : `` G4Men . '' Some programming is expected to remain , including Bomb Patrol : Afghanistan , while acquired fare from the likes of Anthony Bourdain and Aziz Ansari could be in the mix . Nothing has yet been confirmed .
Subscribe to TV Guide Magazine now !
