Legislation that would have limited superannuation payments for people who had not worked their whole life in New Zealand has narrowly failed .
Parliament descended into a mud-slinging match last night as MPs traded personal insults while debating the members bill .
The bill , in the name of New Zealand First 's Denis O'Rourke proposed a pro-rata entitlement to superannuation based on how long someone had lived in New Zealand between the ages of 20 and 65 years .
Mr O'Rourke told Parliament that the bill was about certainty for future retirees , fiscal responsibility and , most of all , fairness .
`` Fairness to retirees who have lived here all their lives , to immigrants and to returning expatriates and to present and future taxpayers .
`` No one has all the answers to the many problems with the current system and of course its costs , so this bill is entirely negotiable . ''
National 's David Bennett said the legislation was a disgrace and typical of New Zealand First .
`` This bill treats people born outside of New Zealand differently from other New Zealanders , that is the disgust of this bill .
`` They are saying that if you are not born in New Zealand , you are not a true New Zealander - that is what this bill says and I say to that party , half of them probably were n't even born in New Zealand . ''
Labour 's Grant Robertson said there was only one disgraceful person in the House , and that was Mr Bennett .
`` On this side of the house we might not support every bit of this piece of legislation , but at least Denis O'Rourke has come to this house to address the issue of how we make superannuation sustainable in this country , and all you 've got to offer is insults and nonsense . Mr Bennett , you are a disgrace . ''
Green Party MP Jan Logie voiced her objections to the bill in a far more measured tone .
`` I understand while not the tone or the detail of the bill [ intends it ] it would be possible to interpret some of the provisions in this as borderline racist . ''
Labour and the Greens said they agreed with only parts of the bill , but were willing to support it to select committee so a debate could be had about the future affordability of superannuation .
However , the legislation narrowly failed by 61 to 60 when National , ACT and United Future voted against it .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The missing letter is said to be a rare script written entirely in Michelangelo 's hand
The Vatican says it has received a ransom demand for the return of a stolen letter by Renaissance artist Michelangelo .
The request for money , made to the cardinal in charge of St Peter 's Basilica , was refused , Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi said .
The letter was among several that went missing from Vatican archives in 1997 .
Il Messaggero newspaper said a former Vatican employee had demanded a ransom of €100,000 ( £72,000 ) for the letter .
It said the letter had been written entirely in Michelangelo 's hand and signed by him .
This was rare , as the artist normally dictated letters to assistants , writing only his signature , Il Messaggero reported . Other details of the documents have not been disclosed .
It is not clear why the Vatican had not previously made public the theft , which was reported for the first time by the newspaper .
Police are now investigating the case .
The documents were stolen from the archive of the department that is responsible for the upkeep of St Peter 's .
Michelangelo , who lived from 1475 to 1564 , helped design the basilica , which was only completed in 1626 .
He also painted the ceiling and the altar wall of the adjoining Sistine Chapel .
Card Spotlight – Packing Heat
As someone who loves playing constructed above all else , when spoiler season starts I am always keeping a lookout for cards that might be powerful enough to make an impact . Today I am lucky enough to share not just one , but two cards that are likely strong enough to see some amount of play .
The first is a troop from the new gnoll tribe :
This is an interesting top end for an aggressive deck . Knowing that Locke is in our deck will often cause our opponents to make conservative attacks for fear of us taking their blocker or best attacker and running it back into them . On most board states , Locke represents an attack for six or more points of damage after he steals a troop , which is reasonable for an aggressive top end .
While the cost of three resources for using Locke 's ability on subsequent turns seems like a lot of the surface , we have to remember that a lot of the time our aggressive decks will generally be spent on cards by turn six , so we will have resources to spare .
Whether or not Locke can see constructed play will likely depend on if there are supporting cards and resources to make a Ruby-Wild Aggressive shell be practical .
Our second is a unique Orc featuring the new Gladiator mechanic :
The Gladiator mechanic as a whole is kind of interesting . It makes our troops better at attacking when we want them to be attacking and better at blocking when we want them to be blocking . It also makes our troops better against basic speed removal that kills with damage such as Cremate .
Zoltog plays into the “ good at attacking and blocking ” ideology of Gladiator very well with his attack trigger . While it does the obvious of providing us the option of attacking for a second time , it also enables us to block with our Gladiators after attacking once with them – a pseudo-Steadfast effect . This means if we have profitable attacks but still need blockers , we are still able to pressure our opponent .
Whether or not Zoltog will see play will likely depend on the number of other constructed playable Gladiator troops . If there are a critical mass of them I would not be surprised to see Zoltog leading the pack .
Speaking of other Gladiators , I get to close out today with one more spoiler of a supporting uncommon that seems reasonable :
This seems like everything a Wild aggressive deck wants in a one cost troop . On our turn it has two points of attack so it can apply early pressure nicely , and while the activated ability seems mediocre at first glance , it enables an onboard trick that our opponent will have to be conscious of during every combat step . Being able to trade our one drop to give one of our other troops extra attack or defense can make attacking and blocking annoying for our opponent . Also note that the Gladiator it gives is a permanent modifier .
What do you think of our Ruby-Wild cards from today ? Let me know in a comment on the forums !
Thanks for reading ,
~Jeff Hoogland
Jeff is a professional gamer who enjoys the competitive aspects of HEX : Shards of Fate . Constructed is his preferred format and he is always looking for that new piece of technology to give him a leg up on the competition .
Twitter – Twitch – YouTube
Got any questions ? Want to chat with other players ? Then discuss this article in our Forums ! You can also follow us on Twitter and Facebook , or enjoy regular streams on our official Twitch channel .
A crowd gathers in the sunshine at the Camp Nou , hoping for a glimpse of their heroes - a fleet of luxury cars pulling away to cheering and applause . A BMW here , a Mercedes there , a Hummer , a Ferrari , a Porsche or two ... and a van . Yes , a van . It is not your typical footballer 's car , but then the driver is not your typical footballer .
Oleguer Presas rejects suggestions that he 's different and is uncomfortable with labels . Sitting in the bowels of the Camp Nou while he explains his beliefs in a soft , thoughtful voice , it is apparent that facile descriptions do him little justice , but there 's no escaping the fact that he stands out - and not just because of the beard . Instead , Oleguer stands out because he speaks out .
The Barça right-back is a committed campaigner , an economics graduate who contributes to cultural and political journals with carefully elaborated articles , he supports Catalan literacy crusades and Catalan independence , and dedicated the only goal of his career to a fourteen year old from Sabadell who had been arrested for protesting against the mayor . He is the author of a book called Camí d'Itaca ( The Road to Ithaca ) , which deals with everything from the Franco years to the war on terror and even anorexia .
He is also the author of an article entitled De Bona Fe ( In Good Faith ) , which was published in Directa , a Catalan social journal , and then in the Basque newspaper Berria . In the article , Oleguer questions the independence of the Spanish judiciary , using the ETA terrorist Ignacio De Juana Chaos as an example of the hypocrisy of the system . It is a system he distrusts , right down to its party political representatives , insisting : `` No party represents me . I feel closer to civil society than political parties ; the only thing they really want from the people is a vote every four years . That 's not the democracy I believe in . ''
Oleguer 's article was a reflection on the state of law and De Juana was just one example , but the fall-out was intense . He was portrayed as supporting a convicted terrorist with 25 deaths on his hands . The press attacked him , the former Bolton striker Salva Ballesta said he deserved `` less respect than a dog turd '' , and boot sponsors Kelme dumped him . When Barça visited Valencia , he was whistled and booed with every touch .
Would n't it have been easier to keep his mouth shut ? `` Yes , '' he says softly , `` but life is n't easy . If we want a better world , we all need to roll up our sleeves . It 's easy to moan to your friends and then do nothing . The consequences I suffer are nothing compared to what many people go through . What did sadden me , though , was that most did n't actually read the piece . If people engaged in dialogue with intelligence and disagreed , then fine , but they did n't . ''
And yet Oleguer is realistic enough to recognise that snap judgements are inevitable , that the headlines would focus on De Juana . It is a product , he believes , of a world where superficial imagery triumphs over analysis in wave after wave of information . `` I often ask myself why we went to war in Iraq , why people were n't more scandalised by it , why they did n't do more when polls said they were anti-war . That 's one of the great questions . But we live in a society where the news is voracious , '' he says . `` There are stories that are hugely important but within a week they 're forgotten .
`` For me , it 's shameful that [ Iraq ] was destroyed . And now they say : 'Oh , actually , no , there were n't any Weapons of Mass Destruction after all but we 're going to stay here a while because there 's such disorder ' . But , that disorder was created by you ! It 's clear that there are imperialistic , economic and strategic interests behind the war but the news moves on and everyone focuses on something else . We have to stop and reflect a bit on where we are going , about imposing a more sustainable type of development , with genuine cooperation . ''
But does n't football serve the same function , could it not be seen as a modern day opium of the masses ? One to which Oleguer contributes ? `` It is helpful to rationalise the game , but football does matter , '' he says . `` Because people give it importance . ''
And for Oleguer , nowhere is that more significant than at Barcelona , the club that presents itself as a Catalan flagship , an anti-Francoist resistance force . Oleguer writes in his book that : `` When Barcelona win the league , we become the Army of joy finally able to face up to [ Franco 's troops ] . We imagine ourselves halting that pack of tanks , responding to their bullets with song , laughing in the face of the fascist ire . ''
It might sound far fetched , and Barça 's history is far less clear-cut than the official version would have it , but at least with Oleguer there 's no shallow lip service to the legend , no ¡Visca Barça , Visca Catalunya ! Now , where 's my cheque ? . `` For me , Barcelona is genuinely special , '' he says . `` It is the invocation of a country , representing Catalan identity and culture . Barça was a conduit for a feeling when people could not express themselves and for me it 's a dream to be here at such a successful time . ''
In Good Faith , by Oleguer Presas ( translated by Sid Lowe )
Ignacio De Juana Chaos has spent the last twenty years in jail . Reduced according to the penitentiary rules put in place by the previous government , he had been condemned to an 18-year sentence for the crimes he committed . However he remains in jail on remand , pending the final resolution of the case which has been opened against him because of two articles published in the newspaper Gara . The high court [ Tribunal de Audiencia Nacional ] judged that in those articles , De Juana Chaos committed the crime of making terrorist threats and condemned him to 12 and a half years in jail . De Juana Chaos has decided to go on hunger strike in protest against that ruling and is prepared to take his protest to the ultimate conclusion [ his death ] .
The State of Law [ estado de derecho ] - that phrase that has been repeated so many times you would think it was an advertising campaign - does not permit the death sentence nor life imprisonment . Likewise , there is no room for euthanasia . I will allow myself to be guided by good faith and will therefore presuppose that the State of Law has not stopped trusting in its own laws and still does not want to impose the death sentence or life imprisonment . Guided by that same good faith , I will assume that there is no political intention to make euthanasia legal . I will suppose , again guided by good faith , that the content of De Juana Chaos 's articles is sufficiently explicit and unambiguous as to keep a man in jail , despite the risk that he may die there . I would like to believe that in the State of Law freedom of expression exists and that in this case , just as in the Egunkaria case or in the case of the actor Pepe Rubianes ( to cite just two examples ) , there is sufficient evidence to try those involved . If that were not so , everyone would be protesting long and loud like they do when freedom of expression is denied in other countries , such as Morocco , Cuba or Turkey . Good faith obliges me to believe that in the State of Law , justice is equal for everyone , that political pressure has no part to play and that judicial independence really does exist ; that when the Minister of Justice Lopez Aguilar announces , in reference to the De Juana case , that `` the government will construct new punishments and sanctions to avoid such releases '' , those words have no influence on the judicial sentence .
Actions speak louder than words , they say . Well , David Fernàndez in his book Crónicas del 6 y otros detalles de la cloaca policial , informs us of the following events : the ex-Civil Guard General and the man responsible for the horrors of Intaxaurrondo , Enrique Rodríguez Galindo , was condemned to 75 years in jail for the assassination of Lasa and Zabala but served just over four years , claiming health problems . Julen Elorriaga was also released for health reasons : condemned to almost 80 years in jail , he served just 3 % of his sentence . After conning the whole of Spain , De la Rosa is able to enjoy a generous house arrest because of depression . Rafael Vera , condemned to 10 years in jail for the GAL-led kidnap of Segundo Marey , spent just eight years in jail for the same reason ...
David , in his book , talks mainly about torture and torturers ; about how the justice system seems to see different degrees of severity based not on the crime but the perpetrator of the crime ; about how the media machine works so as to criminalize certain forms of dissidence and not others ; of how the police create the evidence necessary to implicate people according to their political interests ; of how the government does not want to know about the reports put together by the United Nations ' special investigators on torture or even hear about organisations like Amnesty International , who have claimed that in this [ Spain 's ] State of Law , torturing does take place .
But now , on top of all that , it turns out that the attorney 's office from the Audiencia Nacional has asked for the Egunkaria case to be dropped because , they allege , there is no proof . It turns out that , in November 2004 , a court in Strasbourg condemned the Spanish state for `` not investigating '' the tortures denounced some twelve years earlier by 17 supporters of Catalan independence - it was necessary to silence discordant voices during the Olympic Games . It turns out that , in November 2005 , Zapatero pardoned four policemen from Vigo who had been suspended and sentenced to 2-4 years for beating , insulting and humiliating the Senegalese citizen , Mamadou Kane . It turns out that Aznar had done the same in December 2000 : 14 policemen convicted for torture were pardoned . One of them was a reoffender . It turns out ...
... that I do not know what to think . Too often the State of Law has dark spots which make me doubt . It smells of hypocrisy . And too much hypocrisy can make you lose that good faith .
More than 30 Iranian students were tried , convicted and lashed 99 times within a day of being arrested for holding a mixed-sex graduation party , reports say .
Iranian media on Thursday reported that the group were arrested after reports of mingling , dancing and alcohol consumption at a villa in the village of Qazvin , Mirzan province . All such activities are banned under Iranian `` morality '' laws .
The village 's prosecutor , Esmail Niyarki , was quoted as saying by Mirzan online that women were `` half naked '' - meaning they were not dressed in chadors or veils - and “ dancing and jubilating ” .
`` The arrest of this many young girls and boys , who were half-naked , consuming alcohol and were engaged in indecent behaviour , hurt the public opinion , '' the official was quoted as saying .
`` Thank God , within less than 24 hours , interrogation , investigation , trial , issue of verdict and carrying out the verdict were completed . ''
Mixed dancing is banned in Iran , especially if females do not wear the Islamic veil , and alcohol is prohibited .
Niyaraki also warned that any restaurants or catering halls which allowed such mixed events or served alcohol would be closed down , according to the reports .
Iran 's hardliners have orchestrated a crackdown on `` morality '' violations after a sweeping victory for supporters of President Hassan Rouhani in elections in February .
Iran 's morality police answer to the supreme leader , not the president .
Tehran 's morality force this year launched an undercover campaign by 7,000 morality police officers to ensure women are dressed according to Iranian revolutionary custom - either fully veiled or wearing a headscarf .
Earlier this month , Iranian model Elham Arab was arrested and forced into a public confession for posting pictures of herself online without a headscarf .
She was caught in the cyber-crime operation , codenamed “ Spider 2 ” , which targeted models and other figures in the fashion industry .
Iranian Model , Elham Arab , answering to Tehran attorney for posting her pictures without scarf on Instagram pic.twitter.com/y1CSM4FrYQ — Potkin Azarmehr ( @ potkazar ) May 16 , 2016
Rouhani , described as a `` moderate '' president , has himself been criticised by international rights organisations for presiding over a heavy handed justice system .
The president has signed hundreds of executions since coming to power three years ago . Many of those hung were convicted of drug offences .
More than half of the 753 people hanged in 2014 were were drug offenders .
In 2015 , Amnesty International said it had recorded “ a staggering execution rate ” in the Islamic republic , “ with nearly 700 people put to death in the first half of the year alone ” .
UPDATE : 400 Votes ! As this project reaches its first anniversary , I 've decided that at 500 supporters I shall upload the instructions for the Engine ! So let 's plow on to 500 ! And as always , when we make it to reach 1,000 supporters , I will upload a new companion engine ! Inspired by the little shunting engine from LEGO 's own City set , 4204 'The Mine ' which it is pictured with below , you 'll agree they make quite a awesome little duo . The official building instructions for the LEGO City Mine Train are available here . This adorable little engine is just 5 studs wide , and can run on rails at just 4-studs wide . This engine would slip right into any LEGO City , and opens up the doorway to a whole network of 4-stud wide engines that accompany your full scale LEGO Railway !
Hale Dreamer Alarm Dock for Android
As seen on ...
Smartphones are great at waking us up in the morning ... and at night , with notification beeps and unwanted calls ... and during our afternoon naps . In fact , they pretty much keep us from getting the sleep we need .
The Hale Dreamer Alarm Dock can help you get more sleep with SmartSilence : a unique app-enabled feature . SmartSilence keeps your phone silent unless a call is urgent , by intelligently screening your calls and muting notifications .
How does SmartSilence work ?
Choose a default mode and then set up as many or as few exceptions for your contacts as you want . Dock your phone , hit the SmartSilence button , and rest easy , knowing you wo n't be bothered unless it 's important .
The Ultimate Alarm Clock
The Dreamer is n't just a smartphone dock . It integrates hardware and software that transforms your smartphone into the ultimate alarm clock . We designed the Dreamer based on feedback from thousands of alarm clock and dock users . It has all the features you 'd expect in a full-featured , high-end , proper alarm clock , including the ability to customize almost everything .
On the hardware side , there 's a thoughtful button layout that you can use by feel , in the dark . This includes a real snooze button and precise knobs to control volume and screen brightness .
The app allows you to customize the sound or music you wake up or fall asleep to , the length of your snooze time , weekly wake-up schedules , display fonts and more . Tweak it to your heart 's content - it 's designed to become everyone 's perfect alarm clock . Of course perfecting an alarm clock app is a process , and one reason that we 're launching it on Kickstarter is so you can be involved in the evolution .
Customizable Alarm Settings
Choose from Nixie Tubes ...
Digital Blue , Flip-style ...
... Digital Red , Default , and more !
Sound Quality
We pulled together some of the best acoustic engineering talent behind some very well known brands to deliver room-filling sound in a small package . We poured our entire effort into one 10-watt speaker driver - leading to and paired it with a custom designed system , including a finely tuned bass resonator and high efficiency amplifier . This opened up sound quality options that would have been impossible in a 2+ driver design .
The speaker driver itself was custom designed from the ground up for the Dreamer 's chamber , making the frequency response very clean , natural , and free of some of the mid-range aberrations that are common in typical nightstand docks . With a stronger magnet and super-light cone material , the speaker has excellent , detailed dynamics that make the mid-range frequencies really sparkle . Vocals come alive and instrumentals have depth .
Finally , the amp , electronics and enclosure were carefully chosen and fine-tuned to form a perfectly integrated system . What you get is a nightstand device that delivers a surprisingly powerful , accurate , precise response , with extension from 80Hz-20kHz .
These are the kind of components , engineering , and ( of course ) performance that could reasonably fetch $ 200+ in a brick & mortar store - if you visit your local big box , you 'll find the Dreamer 's real competitors in that range . Our investments in audio quality allow you to use the Dreamer not just as an alarm clock , but to really enjoy your music anywhere in your home , and get the most out of your music apps and subscriptions .
Exploded view showing resonator , vent , grille , housing , and driver
Features
Made for Android
Android users are sorely under-served in the accessories market . Sure , there are plenty of generic Bluetooth devices , but very few have any app or Android OS integration . We began with the idea that Android users are really under-served when it comes to accessories . Hale has created proprietary technology that allows communication between our apps and hardware , bringing native integration of hardware and software that is basically unheard-of in Android peripherals . Hale is fully focused on Android , and we guarantee that our products are compatible with your Android phone .
Production Roadmap
We 're very experienced in bringing electronics ( and other products ) to mass production on schedule , and currently have the Speaker Dock for Android on the market ( currently one of the top Android speaker docks on Amazon… naturally ) . We have prepared a production & testing schedule below , and of course , we 'll provide ongoing updates as we go .
We have finalized the design and are currently finishing tooling and minor aspects of the electronics . We are on track for a ship date in November 2013 , barring major and unexpected problems . We 've got a nearly final working prototype in our hands , so we feel that the finish line is in sight . Unlike many Kickstarter projects , you wo n't be kept waiting long , once we 're funded .
Form and Function
We thought a lot about how to combine form and function in the ultimate nightstand device . We evaluated a litany of shapes , configurations and details . There 's a reason for every design feature of the dreamer , from the gooseneck cables , to the shape of the housing , to the placement of the buttons . You may never consciously notice many of these details , but we believe they will contribute to a device that perpetually surprises and delights you .
Some of the concepts that led to the current design
Why Kickstarter ?
Kickstarter is the best way to make a real connection with the people who will be using our products . We want an audience that will appreciate a thoughtful app , a higher-quality speaker and amplifier , and a well considered design . Alarm clock features , like SmartSilence , live or die depending on whether they get the details right . This means understanding how our customers want to use those features . Kickstarter gives us a chance to contact and work with the the most involved , articulate customers to perfect those details .
We 're eager to involve you in the process of finalizing the Dreamer and getting it into your hands . We want your feedback - your ideas , thoughts , wishes , hopes , and rants . More than just cash , we want you to be involved !
Your participation will enable us to complete the hardware production process , develop new features for the alarm app , test the app for any bugs , and maintain compatibility with all Android phones for years to come . But , it also means an opportunity for us to communicate and keep you up to date .
Rewards
`` Mikey '' phone stand reward
`` Mikey '' - the 3D printed phone stand
We thought it would be fun to include a reward based on everyone 's favorite smartphone OS mascot . We 're 3D-printing these phone stands right here in Chicago , exclusively for our backers on this project . If you need someplace to put your phone when you 're not in your bedroom , well , look no further ! Not only will it hold your phone in landscape or portrait orientations , it 's also an * incredibly * collectible figurine , only available through this project ! not for sale anywhere else , or ever again !
Hale Dreamer Alarm Dock Specs
Micro-usb charge cable with 180-degree rotation
3.5mm stereo audio input/output connector
2.25 ” mono 10w full-range hi-fi speaker
Freq . response : 60Hz-20kHz +/-10dB
SmartSilence button
Snooze button
Play/pause , stop , rewind , fast-forward buttons ·
Volume knob
Brightness knob
Power input : AC 100-240VAC
Compatibility
The Hale Dreamer is compatible with android phones running OS 2.2 and up . Click the link for instructions on figuring out what version of Android you have .
API and Development
The Hale Dreamer app has been structured from the ground up with a dedicated controller , etc to interface with 3rd party apps . We have n't yet cleaned up and published the interface , but that 's very much on the short term to-do list . In the meantime , if you 'd like to integrate your app , we 'd love to hear from you at developer @ sonrlabs.com
The Team
Hale Devices : We invented , designed and brought to market the world 's first plug-in Android speaker dock with a remote , released in early 2012 . We have been in business for two years and are well on the way to becoming * the * maker of smart peripherals for Android .
Joe Born : With decades of experience designing , sourcing , and marketing , Joe has brought over $ 300 Million worth of consumer electronics to market , including the SkipDr . Backers at any level will get the benefit of this experience with updates detailing vendor selection , price negotiation , etc . Also , Joe 's last Kickstarter project , Kangaroo Cups , his daughter 's invention , was a success , and more importantly , delivered on time .
Jeff Yuan : Hale Devices ' man on the ground in Shenzen , Jeff is our finger on the pulse of manufacturing in China , with decades of sourcing and manufacturing experience . Jeff is our secret weapon when it comes to tackling the inevitable challenges of hardware manufacturing .
Sophia Lee : Stationed in Taipei , Sophia has 15 years experience managing the overseas production and engineering of consumer electronics products . Previously , she worked for several prominent design factories . Sophia is more than the engine that drives this company - she 's also the wheels , transmission , gas tank , and seatbelt .
Michael Gao : Michael Gao joined Hale as VP of Engineering in June 2013 . Michael is an experienced software architect and team leader and has overseen the development of numerous consumer electronics products . If Hale Devices does not reach it 's sales goals next year , he plans to pursue his lifelong dream of becoming an amateur mixologist .
Alex Kemmler : Alex has spent most of his career studying what consumers want , and what their needs really are . From initial concepts to customer service , he 's done it all and ca n't wait to work with our backers to deliver this product . Alex has been working extra-hard on the Dreamer because of , and resulting in , his pathological aversion to taking phone calls during normal business hours .
Dana Golin : Dana joined Hale Devices in May 2013 . Her experience with online marketing , advertising , and optimization techniques have proved to be an invaluable addition to the marketing team . Dana is pursuing an MBA from Northwestern University 's Kellogg School of Management in the evening part-time program , when she 's not watching Doctor Who reruns .
Thank you !
Thanks very much for visiting our Kickstarter campaign page . Nothing is more important about this campaign than your feedback , and knowing that you believe in this project . Please let us know if you have any questions about the Hale Dreamer or our company . If you like what we 're doing here , please let people know on Facebook , Twitter , and everywhere else . Each click is important !
Marc Marquez , on the grid at Qatar . Did he expect to be champion by the end of the year ?
Jorge Lorenzo 's second title defense would be tougher than he expected
All smiles at Qatar , but by season 's end , Valentino Rossi would have ditched Jeremy Burgess
The first Moto2 race of the season , and Pol Espargaro had already signed a contract for MotoGP
Brother Aleix would be the best CRT rider by a long way . That would prove to be an expensive mistake
They see him rollin ' , he 's Hayden
Moto3 would provide great racing once again , but only three men would dominate
Burn baby burn
Bradley Smith had an impressive rookie year , though overshadowed by Marc Marquez
Stefan Bradl , one wheel only
If you 'd like to have desktop-sized versions of Scott 's fantastic photos , you can become a site supporter and take out a subscription . If you 'd like a print of one of the shots you see on the site , then send Scott an email and he 'll be happy to help .
A more rigorous , analytical and far-sighted approach would improve the US political process , says Rush Holt .
Before I was elected to the US Congress in 1998 , I taught and researched topics such as solar spectroscopy and plasma physics . This background inspired some of my constituents to make bumper stickers that read : “ My congressman IS a rocket scientist ! ” The residents of central New Jersey seemed to be calling for more science , or at least more scientific thinking , in Congress .
I agree . Scientists , engineers and technologists are not necessarily smarter or wiser than others , but we have many habitual practices of mind that would be valuable in the sluggish legislative process . 'Scientific thinkers ' — and to be clear , not all such thinkers are professional scientists — have a deep appreciation for evidence . They have a realistic understanding of technology 's promises and pitfalls . They work comfortably with estimates and data . They use statistical reasoning . They are more alert to the mental tricks that they , like all humans , play on themselves . Most importantly , they understand that the path towards good solutions is paved with uncertainty , trial and error ; that conclusions should be tentative ; and that alternative views should be entertained .
US Representatives Rush Holt and Nancy Pelosi tour a magnetic resonance imaging facility . Image : POLARIS/EYEVINE
Although the legislative branch rarely deals with matters involving , say , stellar chromospheres or the radio-frequency heating of ions , it tackles many issues in which scientific thinking does ( or should ) come into play . For example , after the vote-counting controversy of the 2000 US presidential election , I saw a difference in approach between scientists and others as Congress moved to update our nation 's voting technology .
Lawmakers and election officials around the United States — most of them non-scientists — quickly embraced the idea of electronic voting machines , and Congress provided more than US $ 3 billion to help states to convert their voting systems . According to advocates , electronic machines would eliminate incompletely punched ballots ( 'hanging chads ' ) that could misrepresent voters ' intentions ; they would prevent people from voting for more than one person in the same race ( 'over-voting ' ) or neglecting to cast ballots in other races ( 'under-voting ' ) ; and they would produce a quick tally on election night . What could be better ?
Computer scientists were alarmed . Software , they pointed out , is prone to subtle errors . In the privacy of the voting booth , how will the voter know that her or his vote has been recorded as intended ? And after the voter leaves the booth , how will election watchers ensure that each vote was recorded as the voter intended ? A potentially even greater problem is that elections are tempting targets for hackers .
Most legislators , having little training in scientific thinking , either did not recognize these limitations or assumed that such problems could be pre-empted by testing software . The best solution — and one that I have proposed many times in Congress — is to use a paper ballot marked by the voter or by a machine in view of the voter . Yet , today we still do not have a national standard for voter-verified , auditable ballots .
“ Scientific thinking builds arguments for investments that will pay off powerfully in the decades to come . ”
Scientific thinkers are also more alert to the cognitive biases that can lead to irrational decisions . For example , politicians ( like everyone else ) are often guilty of 'short-term-ism ' : the desire to enjoy rewards now rather than invest them for later . Yet government actions — infrastructure projects , say , or education programmes — play out over decades , long past the careers of individual lawmakers . Scientists are generally comfortable thinking about processes on different timescales — of millions or even billions of years . Scientific thinking can thus build strong arguments for investment in roads , bridges , trains and laboratories that will not produce profits tomorrow but will pay off powerfully in the decades to come .
Numbers game
Many lawmakers are uncomfortable with statistical reasoning . Take surveillance , for example : the New York City Police Department , as part of its counterterrorism programme , has conducted surveillance of suspected Muslims at restaurants and stores and monitored student groups and mosques around the United States . When I spoke in opposition to these surveillance programmes and called them 'profiling ' , some of my non-scientist colleagues said that such profiling is keeping the United States safe , even if it is ethnically discriminatory .
US ELECTION Science and Politics in America nature.com/election2012
But my colleagues were disregarding the fact that terrorists are exceedingly rare . Since 2001 , Muslims have boarded planes in the United States perhaps 50 million times . If officials had screened each of these travellers using a protocol that could detect terrorists with , say , 99.9 % accuracy , about 50,000 people would have been wrongly accused of terrorism . Billions of dollars would have been wasted in profiling and detaining innocent people , creating profound distrust among targeted communities .
Statistical reasoning would lead one to recognize that this money would be far better devoted to on-the-ground intelligence gathering .
Scientists are just more comfortable with uncertainty than non-scientists . This trait would come in handy for lawmakers , who often must take action despite conflicting evidence . For example , a failure to understand ordinary fluctuations in noisy climate data allows some members of Congress to believe that claims of human-induced climate change are a hoax , or that the data are so chaotic that no policy action can be devised .
A similar discomfort with uncertainty is evident on the first Friday of each month , when politicians react to the labour department 's monthly jobs report . Earlier this month , legislators ( egged on , it should be said , by the news media ) spent countless hours debating the implications of a report that businesses created 29,000 fewer jobs in August than economists expected . Yet few grasped that the survey 's margin of error was 100,000 jobs at the 90 % confidence level . Those 29,000 jobs could very well have been a statistical blip rather than a real trend .
How can we increase scientific thinking in Congress ? One way , of course , is to elect more scientists — and I strongly encourage scientists to consider seeking political office . But that is an unlikely solution . More non-scientists need to feel comfortable thinking like scientists . This is not without precedent — not all legislators hold law degrees , but all must be comfortable thinking like lawyers when drafting a bill or reading a statute . When I need to think like a lawyer , I turn to legal professionals for help . Congress has a staff of lawyers at the Office of Legislative Counsel , which helps members to turn their ideas into legislative language . Should n't legislators who have scientific questions be able to seek similar guidance from scientists and , over time , pick up more scientific ways of thinking ?
Until 1995 , Congress had a dedicated staff of professional scientists in the Office of Technology Assessment . This office was eliminated in a round of foolish budget cuts . It should be re-established , and in the interim , we scientists should seek to make our voices heard in other ways : through meetings with members of Congress , letters to editors , town halls and other public forums .
Author information Affiliations Rush Holt represents the 12th congressional district of New Jersey , West Windsor , New Jersey 08550 , USA . Rush Holt Authors Search for Rush Holt in : Nature Research journals •
PubMed •
Google Scholar Corresponding author Correspondence to Rush Holt .
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink .
About this article Publication history Published 26 September 2012 DOI https : //doi.org/10.1038/489493a
See Comment p.494
V. MITRIĆ D. GAJIĆ | 29. april 2015 . 08:55 |
UBIŠE mi muža , Nikolu , na pragu rodne kuće , u selu Željova , kod Banovića , odakle nas proteraše , čak i bez kesa u rukama , a sad , eto , usred Policijske stanice u Zvorniku , i mog sina mezimca , Dragana ( 48 ) , dušu od čoveka .
Ovim rečima ekipu `` Novosti '' , u izbegličkom naselju Ulice , koje je deo sela Čelopeka , dočekala je Stana Đurić , majka policajca koga je u ponedeljak uveče , oko 19.15 , u Policijskoj stanici usmrtio Nerdin Ibrić ( 24 ) , a njegove kolege Stevu Milovanovića i Željka Gajića ranio .
Pred kućom Đurića tuguju članovi familije , ali i mnoge komšije iz starog i novog kraja , prijatelji , kumovi , kolege nesrećnog Dragana . Svi pokušavaju da uteše majku .
- Samo majka zna kako ovo boli , kako ovo dušu razara , kako je izgubiti sina , i to kakvog , koga smo , sinoć , kao i obično , ispratili u smenu , a posle nekoliko minuta čuli u vestima da našeg Dragana više nema - priča nam starica , dok suze ne staju ni Draganovim sestrama Dragici i Ljubici , bratu Anđelku ...
Od saznanja za tragediju , za njih nije bilo sna . Okupljaju se komšije da pomognu koliko i kako mogu i ublaže bol Đurićima , kao što su , vazda , činili kada su se , posle proterivanja iz starog kraja , naselili bukvalno na ledinu , dok je njihova imovina u FBiH potpuno uništena posle rata .
- Brat je u policiji od 1993. godine . Bio je i ostaće naš ponos , čovek koji se samo može poželeti , a , eto , sinoć je izgubio život , ni kriv ni dužan , usred Policijske stanice - kaže nam njegov brat Anđelko .
U zvorničkoj bolnici su ranjeni policajci . U razgovoru za `` Novosti '' Željko Gajić rekao je da se oseća dobro i da će ostati na intenzivnoj nezi , iz predostrožnosti , još neko vreme . Stevo Milovanović je , kao i kolega , još u šoku , ali se oseća znatno bolje . Vreme će , očigledno , biti potrebno da zacele i fizičke i rane u dušama .
Dr Miroslav Prodanović rekao nam je da je stanje pacijenata stabilno i da će , za svaki slučaj , uslediti dodatne dijagnostičke procedure .
What the developers have to say :
Why Early Access ? “ Like almost everyone else putting their game on Steam to Early Access , we want to show you what we 've managed to put together during these few last years . It 's figurative blood , sweat and tears but here we are !
Early access version is completely playable , but missing levels ( and special features related to them ) . Quasi-episodic gaming , anyone ?
This is not one of those `` pre-alpha '' shenanigans or any other similar garbage .
We could ramble about the usual EA promises about our marvellous ideas and so on , but let 's be brutally honest : we need to eat .
User input is highly valuable for us and the organic QA process will help to improve the game which is a win-win for everyone. ” Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access ? “ Our updated new estimate of coming out of Early Access is mid-to-latey 2019. ” How is the full version planned to differ from the Early Access version ? “ The finished version is a bit more polished and improved , and has more levels with unique features such as technology tree , more units , more enemies , more characters , more music and so on . We have a complete story we 're hoping to convey with the game . The Early Access is complete when we finish the single player campaign / story which we 're planning to be at least 10 to 20 hours long .
We 'd prefer to keep our promises realistic so these are only planned estimates. ” What is the current state of the Early Access version ? “ Our current Early Access version has the 6 levels completely playable with all features in them and no placeholder assets at all . This is roughly 50 % of the full story .
Future releases will have new levels , more characters , new type of enemies and defenses , environmental hazards and or course story telling .
New game features and improvements are introduced as new levels and the unfolding story ! ” Will the game be priced differently during and after Early Access ? “ Price will not change when we leave early access. ” How are you planning on involving the Community in your development process ? “ We value feedback , follow Steam forums actively and hopefully there will be active polls where all users can actively have an effect of what direction the project goes into . ”
Are you looking for a affordable micro quadcopter or tiny whoop ?
The Eachine E011 is by far one of the best and most affordable fpv platforms out there . This year JJRC released the H67 which is very similar to the E011 with some small differences . The JJRC H67 plays some Christmas tunes and has a Santa Claus “ lego ” minifig .
Santa Whoop
Description :
Quadcopter Size : 8.5×8.5×7.5cm
Box Size : 14×8.6x11cm
Gyro : 6-axis
Frequency : 2.4G
Channel:4CH
Battery : 3.7V 35C 260MAH ( included )
Transmitter Power : 3 x 1.5V AAA battery ( not included )
Flight time : about 5 minutes
Charging time : about 40 minutes
Flying distance : 50 meters
Package included : 1x Quadcopter 1x Transmitters
1x Building blocks
1x USB cable 4x Propeller 1x Screwdriver 1x manual
Eachine E011 Ready to Fly
Very affordable FPV camera .
WolfWhoop AIo Camera VTX Very affordable AIO Camera VTX
Would you like to know how to build you own tiny whoop ?
In the video below I will show you how to build your own FPV Tiny Whoop .
Note you will need some soldering skills to attach the camera .
Looking for a soldering Iron . Here is a link to a great soldering iron .
TS100 Soldering Iron
The Makerfire VR008 Pros are fantastic goggles . They come with a built-in DVR and Diversity . They are very light weight and comfortable to wear . The menu is easy to follow . The battery life is stellar so you will be able to fly with little worry about your goggles .
Here is my review on the Makerfire VR008 Pro FPV Goggles .
Buy a Makerfire VR008 Pro FPV Googles with DVR
Eachine VR006 FPV Goggles The Eachine VR006 goggles are very affordable and great for beginners
I also included the very affordable Eachine VR006 . These are great entry goggles that allow you to view but not record your FPV flight . If you later want to add a DVR to the VR006 goggles a great video can be found here . DVR Mod for Eachine VR006 FPV Goggles
For Advanced Flight Modes
The Eachine E011 has the ability to be flashed with an Acro firmware for advanced fliers .
You can check out this video to show you how to upgrade your firmware on your Eachine E011 .
Caninos Guide to Flashing the Eachine E011
Let 's pick some Batteries
It 's important to stock up . Once you get the hang of things you will be burning through batteries like there is no tomorrow . In this portion of the article you will find all the great deals on batteries and chargers that are available for your new micro quadcopter . I really like BetaFPVs batteries and have had very good luck with them . Right now you can find a 8 pack of batteries for a great price . You will be able to fly an average of 3 minutes per battery . So with an 8 pack you will be able to fly for around 24-30 minutes .
BetaFPV 260mah LiHV Lipo Battery A great option for both the Beta 75 and Eachine E011
BetaFPV 230mah LiHV Lipo Battery A great battery for the Eachine E013 and can also be used with the Beta 75 and Eachine E011 . * * * From Nov. 24th-Nov. 30th if you use Promo Code CRAYT230 you will receive 8 % off 1 8-Pack of the 230mah LiHV batteries and 10 % off 2 packs of 8 .
BetaFPV 1s LiHV Lipo Charger . A Great in home and travel charger .
Specifications
​Input : 3s – 4s Selectable
Cutoff Voltage : 10.8v ( 3s ) , 14.4v ( 4s )
Output : Fixed at approx 400 milliamps
4.20v cell charging cutoff for Lipo battery ( +- 0.5 % margin of error )
4.35v cell charging cutoff for HV Lipo battery ( +- 0.5 % margin of error )
Optional AC Wall Adapter
EV-Peak Charger The EV Peak Charger is a really great charger . You will be able to charge any 1s Lipo battery with ease . You can adjust from normal and high voltage depending on your battery .
Specifications
Input : Dual input AC 100V-240V and DC 9V-12V
Working power : Max 4.35watt
Charging current : Adjustable 0.1A-1.0A
Apply to Lipo and LiHV batterries
LED screen display and LED light indicator
Size : 120x120x50mm , weight : 320g
When charging process , the current and voltage will display every 5 seconds
Support JST , MCPX , MCX , MOLEX connectors , AKA Micro JST 1.25 , JST-PH 2.0 , Micro Losi , JST .
Package Including
1 * e6 1S LiPo Battery Charger 1A LiPo LiHV AC/DC Charger
1 * Instruction Manual
1 * AC Power Supply Cord
1 * Alligator Clips
Thank you for stopping by . I hope this article helped you . If you have any questions please feel free to leave a comment below . I will be happy to answer any questions .
Advertisements
HOUSTON , Mo — One of four people accused of murdering a transgender teenager in Texas County has pleaded guilty .
18-year-old Isis Schauer entered the plea on Tuesday , and was sentenced to 20 years in prison on 2nd degree murder charges , as well as 4 years on charges of abandonment of a corpse . Those sentences are slated to run concurrently .
Calderas and two others , 18-year-old Andrew Vrba and 24-year-old Brianna Calderas , are accused of killing 17-year-old Ally Steinfeld at Calderas ' mobile home near Cabool earlier this year . Steinfeld was reported missing by her family in early September .
Remains that were later identified as Steinfeld 's were discovered by Texas County authorities in a burn pile at Calderas ' mobile home near Cabool .
Vrba 's next court appearance is February 5 in Crawford County after the venue was changed earlier this year . Caldera has also filed for a change of venue , with a court date of February 14 .
Another suspect , James Grigsby , has pleaded not guilty to abandonment of a corpse and tampering with evidence .
A couple of weeks ago , more than 70 people in Gorge , Washington were sent to area hospitalsafter what was initially reported to be a mass overdose on the club drug 'molly ' ( MDMA ) at the Paradiso outdoor music festival . One man died from allegedly ingesting it . In keeping with unfortunate tradition , the media did n't ask many -- if any -- hard questions about the event .
No one asked if those 'overdoses ' were in fact dehydration due to lack of ready access to water or lack of shady `` chill out '' areas . No one asked what role alcohol may have played , or any other drugs for that matter . Very little was said about the over 90 degree heat that weekend . This is n't the first time MDMA-linked reported overdose fatalities have occurred at outdoor music festivals and it wo n't be the last . With more outdoor music festivals happening over the next couple of weeks , including Outside Lands and Lollapolooza , the possibility of more drug or alcohol-related problems is real .
The potentially harmful consequences of alcohol and other drug use are n't going to change until and unless festival organizers start doing some very basic things . But many wo n't -- because the fear of being perceived as 'helping ' people who use drugs at their events is so great .
We need to acknowledge that alcohol and other drugs have been omnipresent at music festivals and will doubtless continue to be . We need to make it socially , and legally , acceptable for festival organizers to anticipate that some portion of the crowd may overdo it and may need assistance in staving off serious consequences .
Young people underestimate how intense heat can exacerbate the effects of alcohol and other drugs . Heat stroke , dehydration , nausea , fatigue and severe headaches are just a few of the unpleasant and occasionally dangerous side effects of being in crowded outdoor areas in high temperatures for many hours . Festival organizers need to plan on how to help keep thousands of people who may be intoxicated properly hydrated and cooled when temperatures soar , sometimes reaching 100-plus degrees at festivals at some festivals , like Coachella in the Palm Springs area .
This is n't to suggest that the people who use drugs at festivals are not responsible for their own actions ; everyone who uses drugs should , at minimum , know what they 're taking and know how to avoid any dangers associated with their drug of choice . Basic awareness of how to negate harmful side effects would go a long way toward reducing accidental overdoses and fatalities .
It would be remarkably easy to include `` Have fun , but be very careful '' messages with precise , helpful information on festival websites and printed materials . In Los Angeles , the Department of Public Health did just that , in response to a reported Ecstasy overdose at the Electric Daisy Carnival a couple of years ago . They created palm cards explaining the risks of Ecstasy and ways to reduce the dangers of its use . But those helpful , fact-based cards caused such an uproarthat they never saw the light of day . Suggestions like , `` Take frequent breaks and stay hydrated , '' `` Watch out for your friends and know the signs of possible overdose , '' `` Seek medical attention right away if your friend passes out , '' `` Never buy drugs from a stranger , '' `` If you have n't done it at home , do n't do it here for the first time , '' etc , , may seem very basic , but to many young people those messages may not be deeply ingrained yet .
Festival organizers can make it explicitly clear that there will be medics roaming the event , wearing a specific colored t-shirt or hat , and advise their attendees to look for them if medical assistance is immediately needed . One simple announcement of this from the stage every hour could save a life . They can tell people where medics will be stationed throughout the event . They can hand out palm cards similar to the ones from Los Angeles at the front gate . They can flash messages on any `` Jumbotron '' -type screens they may have .
Some portion of virtually any large crowd of young people gathered all day will use drugs . Festival organizers can not ensure that not a single person takes a single drug during their event . But they can and should acknowledge reality and take simple , low-cost steps to help save the life of any of their young customers who may make a dumb mistake .
It 's ridiculous to let someone die because it feels awkward to acknowledge that drug use happens . With better drug education and the simple presence of experienced medics , young people can make sure that a mistake made during the day wo n't mean they wo n't get home safely at night .
Meghan Ralston is the Harm Reduction manager for the Drug Policy Alliance .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions in a news conference about the rewritten travel ban at the U.S. Customs and Borders Protection headquarters on Monday in Washington . Mark Wilson/Getty Images
It is as yet unclear if all the strange “ fixes ” that have been built into President Trump 's Travel Ban 2.0 will get around the constitutional infirmities of the original . It remains to be seen if the Establishment Clause and Due Process objections raised in courts nationwide can be erased in time through litigation . But perhaps the strangest repair in Monday 's rebooted order is the effort to connect the travel ban to actual episodes of terror .
The new Executive Order now provides :
Recent history shows that some of those who have entered the United States through our immigration system have proved to be threats to our national security . Since 2001 , hundreds of persons born abroad have been convicted of terrorism-related crimes in the United States . They have included not just persons who came here legally on visas but also individuals who first entered the country as refugees . For example , in January 2013 , two Iraqi nationals admitted to the United States as refugees in 2009 were sentenced to 40 years and to life in prison , respectively , for multiple terrorism-related offenses . And in October 2014 , a native of Somalia who had been brought to the United States as a child refugee and later became a naturalized United States citizen was sentenced to 30 years in prison for attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction as part of a plot to detonate a bomb at a crowded Christmas-tree-lighting ceremony in Portland , Oregon . The Attorney General has reported to me that more than 300 persons who entered the United States as refugees are currently the subjects of counterterrorism investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
( Emphasis ours . )
This is evidently an effort to cure the defect found in various reviewing courts , which could find no connection at all between the seven targeted countries—Iraq , Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , and Yemen—and specific allegations of terror attacks . ( This new executive order reduces that number to six , as Iraq has been excised from the list . ) As Judge Leonie Brinkema of the Eastern District of Virginia noted in her Feb. 13 order granting the Commonwealth a preliminary injunction against the first executive order :
[ T ] he only evidence in the record on this subject is a declaration of 10 national security professionals who have served at the highest levels of the Department of State , the Department of Homeland Security , the Central Intelligence Agency , and the National Security Council through both Republican and Democratic administrations . … They write , “ We all agree that the United States faces real threats from terrorist networks and must take all prudent and effective steps to combat them , including the appropriate vetting of travelers to the United States . We all are nevertheless unaware of any specific threat that would justify the travel ban established by the Executive Order issued on Jan. 27 , 2017 . We view the Order as one that ultimately undermines the national security of the United States , rather than making us safer . In our professional opinion , this Order can not be justified on national security or foreign policy grounds . ”
They also observe that since Sept. 11 , 2011 , “ not a single terrorist attack in the United States has been perpetrated by aliens from the countries named in the Order . ”
Last month 's 9th Circuit order made the same point . As the three judges unanimously noted , the “ Government has pointed to no evidence that any alien from any of the countries named in the Order has perpetrated a terrorist attack in the United States . Rather than present evidence to explain the need for the Executive Order , the Government has taken the position that we must not review its decision at all . ”
Throughout the earlier litigation , judges who implored Department of Justice lawyers to provide evidence of a connection between the seven nations and an increase in domestic terror attacks were told either that no such numbers existed or that such information could not be shared with the courts .
On Monday , however , we were afforded new so-called proof , or at least a new allegation—that “ more than 300 persons who entered the United States as refugees are currently the subjects of counterterrorism investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ” According to Fox News , which cites a Department of Homeland Security official , this accounts for “ nearly a third of the 1,000 FBI domestic terrorism cases. ” ( It is unclear whether these 1,000 cases are currently extant , or what time span they cover . ) Speaking at a news conference on Monday , Attorney General Jeff Sessions confirmed this “ more than 300 ” statistic .
There are a huge number of problems with this claim .
First , it directly contradicts leaked reports from the Department of Homeland Security—revealed by the Associated Press on Feb. 24—that found little evidence that citizens of the seven countries targeted in the original travel ban posed any greater terror threat to the United States . In fact , last week 's draft DHS report determined that few people from the countries in the original travel ban have carried out attacks or been involved in terrorism-related activities in the United States . Justice Department spokespeople are now contending that the leaked DHS report was an early draft .
Second , there is absolutely no connection between these “ more than 300 persons ” and the countries listed in Trump 's travel ban . While the executive order says these potential terrorists came to the United States as refugees , it does n't indicate where these “ more than 300 persons ” came from , and thus does n't provide any rationale for barring people from Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , and Yemen .
Third , the two specific examples cited by the executive order are both bogus . One case is that of “ two Iraqi nationals admitted to the United States as refugees in 2009 ” —the famed “ Bowling Green massacre ” incident . Given that Iraq has been exempted from this new travel ban , citing this case actually weakens the argument that the Trump administration has specifically chosen countries that breed terrorists . Moreover , whatever else it represented , the “ Bowling Green massacre ” was assuredly not an attack by foreign nationals on American soil . The other case is that of “ a native of Somalia who had been brought to the United States as a child refugee. ” Since this individual came to the U.S. as a child , it 's hard to understand how a temporary travel ban to allow for more intensive vetting would have affected this particular case either , a point emphasized in last week 's leaked DHS documents .
Fourth , those two specific examples—neither of which is relevant—are literally all we have to support the administration 's claim that “ more than 300 persons … are currently the subjects of counterterrorism investigations. ” Given the bad examples we do have , we should be very , very cautious about accepting that “ more than 300 ” number .
Fazia Patel , co-director of the Liberty & National Security program at NYU 's Brennan Center for Justice , notes that we also do n't know what “ counterterrorism investigations ” means in this context . There is a massive difference , Patel tells me via email , between what 's known as an “ assessment ” and a full investigation . “ An assessment is an early-stage investigation which does not require suspicion of criminal activity , but rather can be started by an agent with an ‘ authorized purpose , ' ” she explains . The vast majority of assessments never lead to full investigations . In 2011 , the New York Times reported that the FBI conducted 11,667 assessments between December 2008 and March 2009 , only 3.7 percent of those led to full investigations , and a small proportion of those investigations led to convictions .
Finally , Patel says we should be cautious in interpreting the executive order 's claim that “ hundreds of persons born abroad have been convicted of terrorism-related crimes in the United States ” since 2001 . The phrase “ terrorism-related ” is intentionally broad and can include providing “ material support ” by sending money abroad . Without specific examples , we have no idea exactly how terrorism-related any of these individual convictions are .
To sum it all up then , the Trump administration was battered in the courts for failing to connect the travel ban to any actual terror attacks originating in these specific countries . Its response is to point to two cases that have no bearing on that claim and to assert that hundreds of other unnamed cases pertaining to refugees from unknown countries are all the proof we need that this new ban is both urgent and targeted . If the many courts that declined to accept the “ trust us ” defense in litigation last month are any indication , a new executive order rooted in the sound illogic of “ trust us , plus other stuff ! ” also seems unlikely to persuade .
Ereading Games
Ereading Games are free educational video games designed to give students helpful practice with essential reading skills . These games are completely free of cost and provide genuine educational experiences . I worked hard to make these games fun and engaging , so that students are compelled to learn each reading skill to better progress in the game . They will have so much fun playing , that they wo n't even realize how much they are learning . These games cover ELA skills from the Common Core State Standards , such as poetic devices , parts of speech , sentence structure , and figurative language . I am committed to adding more games and skills to this site .
Genre Piranha is a fun and innovative fish game that helps students learn and review genre . Students play as a small fish trying to escape larger fish , avoid threats , and make it to the lighthouse . If they get hit by enemies , students must answer one of hundreds of literary genre questions . They also collect worms , hide in the weeds , shoot from cannons , and transform into a giant fish ! Students will have so much fun , they wo n't even notice that they are mastering literary genre . This game is mobile friendly .
Play Genre Piranha in Your Browser Now !
Coming to the App Store Soon !
Viewpoint Pilot is an awesome arcade-style spaceship game that helps students master point of view . Students blast their way across the Universe , collecting cool power-ups and answering hundreds of questions about narrative perspective . When students get hit by any one of over 20 bad guys , they must answer a question about point of view . In the early levels , they must identify the difference between first , second , and third-person narration . In the later levels , students must distinguish between objective , limited , and omniscient modes of narration . This game is mobile friendly .
Play Viewpoint Pilot Your Browser
Download Viewpoint Pilot for Free on the App Store
Buy the Ad-Free Version of Viewpoint Pilot on the App Store for $ 2.99
Poetry Cat provides a unique gaming experience . Students play a cat trying to collect balls of yarn while avoiding dogs and birds . Gameplay is enriched with objects like springs , spikes , gum , ice , and teleporters . When students get hit by an enemy , they have to read a line of poetry and determine which poetic device is being used . If they get it right , they continue playing . If they get it wrong , they die . The gameplay is simple , fun , and addictive . This game will encourage students to learn the following poetic devices : simile , metaphor , hyperbole , personification , understatement , onomatopoeia , alliteration , allusion , rhyme , and repetition . With 50 levels and 500 questions , students will master poetic devices while playing this game . This game is tablet friendly .
Play Poetry Cat in Your Web Browser
Download Poetry Cat on Your iPad for Free
Super Grammar Ninja is a throwback to classic video gaming titles such as Mega Man and The Adventures of Link , but with an educational twist . Players fight their way through five worlds while reviewing parts of speech and sentence structure concepts . Each world has a different focus and students will have the opportunity to learn and review the material at virtual schools along the way . Players collect powerups and learn secret abilities during the course of play and unlocking all of the ninja powers is half of the fun . This video game is a great way to prepare for the language arts portion of the Explore , Plan , and ACT tests . Language learners and those seeking to better understand their own language will find the play just as compelling as old school gamers . I hope you will enjoy it .
Super Grammar Ninja
Orpheus the Lyrical follows the myth of Orpheus , son of Apollo , in his quest to retrieve his wife from the underworld . Students will identify a hundred of examples of figurative language in the course of this game , and they 'll have fun doing it . Students can print their results and bring them in for extra-credit at the teacher 's discretion .
Orpheus the Lyrical
Download Orpheus the Lyrical on the App Store for Free
Holding pieces of cardboard saying `` we 're tired , we want our documents '' , they also called for Italy to give them residency permits , Corriere reported .
The impromptu demonstration was captured below .
Traffic ground to a halt as the asylum seekers protested on viale Fulvio for almost two hours on Monday morning , before returning to the centre in Bresso , in Milan 's northern outskirts .
They also protested over being made to sleep in tents , with up to eight people , which had had been set up by the centre and became waterlogged after heavy rain last week , Corriere said .
The protest followed a weekend in which Italy 's coastguard picked up another 4,700 migrants .
The latest arrivals will lift to more than 108,000 the number of asylum seekers and other migrants to have arrived in Italy this year .
Italy 's Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni said on Sunday that the deepening migrant crisis is threatening to rip the `` soul '' out of the European Union .
He said the kind of chaotic scenes witnessed this weekend at the Greece-Macedonia border represented a real threat to the free movement of people across the bloc .
`` On immigration , Europe is in danger of displaying the worst of itself : selfishness , haphazard decision-making and rows between member states , '' Gentiloni told Il Messaggero .
Gentiloni urged Italy 's EU partners to stop squabbling and start working on a common solution to the crisis .
Blood vessels may be tiny but they cover a lot of ground .
The smallest blood vessels measure only five micrometers . To give you some perspective , a strand of human hair measures about 17 micrometers .
But if you took all the blood vessels out of an average child and laid them out in one line , the line would stretch over 60,000 miles . An adult 's would be closer to 100,000 miles long .
There are three kinds of blood vessels : arteries , veins , and capillaries . Each of these plays a very specific role in the circulation process .
Arteries carry oxygenated blood away from the heart . They 're tough on the outside but they contain a smooth interior layer of epithelial cells that allows blood to flow easily . Arteries also contain a strong , muscular middle layer that helps pump blood through the body .
Capillaries connect the arteries to veins . The arteries deliver the oxygen-rich blood to the capillaries , where the actual exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide occurs . The capillaries then deliver the waste-rich blood to the veins for transport back to the lungs and heart .
Veins carry the blood back to the heart . They 're similar to arteries but not as strong or as thick . Unlike arteries , veins contain valves that ensure blood flows in only one direction . ( Arteries do n't require valves because pressure from the heart is so strong that blood is only able to flow in one direction . ) Valves also help blood travel back to the heart against the force of gravity .
This summer , I spent a few days in Vienna on a family holiday . Although beautiful , I found the city , particularly the city centre , had an add , formal feel that did n't sit very well with me . It did n't feel lived in , more like a model city than an actual place . There were some parts of the city I did connect with however , like the Prater funfair , the city 's lively protest sticker culture , and the street art . I quickly discovered however , that the advice the guide books give you about finding street art is not necessarily the best .
Dotted around the Museum Quarter of the city there are a series of Micromuseums , small passageways that focus on different art genres , including literature , typography , and sound art . They are the brainchild of Q21 , which provides creative work and exhibition spaces in the Museum Quarter . One of these Micromuseums is called Street Art Passage Vienna , and It 's where a lot of guide books direct you if you want to see street art in the city . Whilst I like the idea of turning “ simple means of entrance and exit to innovative art spaces , ” I found the reality a bit disappointing . The space is almost 10 years old , and it feels a little neglected .
The main feature of the passage is a tiled bridge by French artist Invader ( 2008 ) . His distinctive Space Invader mosaics are a recognisable feature of many cities . There is also a permanent typographic piece by Lois Weinberger ( 2013 ) , which is visible in the above picture on the wall behind the Invader bridge . There are also temporary exhibitions by a wide range of artists ( you can see a full list here ) . There are two vending machines , which are supposed to contain mini catalogues and sets of stickers that you can buy for 2 Euros , but the machines were empty when I went there . In addition , each temporary artists produce a limited number of affordable screen prints , designed to encourage young art collectors .
When there is crossover between the informal , ephemeral tradition of street art and more formalised traditions of artistic display like art galleries and museums , there can be tensions . Whilst street art is often associated with a certain urban ‘ scruffiness , ' in the case of the Street Art Passage Vienna it just felt neglected . For me , street art is exciting and vibrant , it makes a city feel more alive . The Street Art Passage felt…stagnant .
If you want to see dynamic and vivid street art in Vienna , and lots of it , then I would recommend going to the Danube Canal , which splits of from the Danube proper north of the city centre , then loops round to the west of the river before rejoining the Danube further south . The canal is below street level , with a tow path on either side and concrete walls rising to the main roads that run either side . The walls on both sides of the canal are covered in street art , and there are also some sculptures along the tow paths . In the hour or so I was walking along the canal , I saw several artists working on pieces on the walls .
Most guide books and websites will send you to the Street Art Passage Vienna if you 're looking for street art in the city . But I would n't recommend it . The litter , dust bins , and empty vending machines felt a little sad . The street art at the Danube Canal , however , is energetic and vibrant , and helped me to connect to a city that had I had struggled to relate to previously .
Man admitted he lied to Fox News about serving as a SEAL and in Vietnam
Navy veteran John Garofalo appeared on a Fox News segment this month , showing off a massive presidential seal he carved for President Trump while receiving praise for his service in Vietnam as a SEAL .
The piece was broadcast nationally and featured cascading shots of all Garofalo 's medals . Online , it went viral , racking up 1.5 million Facebook views on Fox 's Facebook page .
“ The Vietnam War veteran served seven years as a member of the nation 's first Navy SEAL team , ” Fox News reporter Bryan Llenas said . “ He was awarded 22 commendations , including two Purple Hearts . ”
Llenas later called the 72-year-old New York State resident a “ tough , tough man . ”
“ He was listed twice during his service in Vietnam as missing in action , ” Llenas noted at the segment 's close .
“ God bless John Garofalo , ” an anchor said . “ We certainly hope maybe the president is listening . ”
But when Navy Times contacted Garofalo Thursday , Garofalo admitted he had lied and never served in Vietnam , never received a Purple Heart and was never a SEAL .
× Fear of missing out ? Fear no longer . Be the first to hear about breaking news , as it happens . You 'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community . Thanks for signing up . By giving us your email , you are opting in to our Newsletter : Sign up for the Early Bird Brief
Garofalo said he had falsely portrayed himself as a Vietnam vet and a SEAL for years .
“ It got bigger and bigger , ” Garofalo told Navy Times in a telephone interview . “ What I did I ‘ m ashamed of , and I did n't mean to cause so much disgrace to the SEALs . ”
Records show Garofalo did serve in the Navy from Sept. 6 , 1963 , to Sept. 6 , 1967 , as an aviation boatswain 's mate ― aircraft handling , or ABH , a job that involves overseeing various ground-based functions involving aircraft .
The closest he ever got to Vietnam was a tour in Rota , Spain .
Former SEALs who first confirmed Garofalo 's lie , and family members of the man , both said they have contacted Fox about retracting the segment .
The Fox segment was still up on its Facebook page as of Thursday afternoon . A Fox representative said in an email that it would run an on-air correction Sunday and corrections would be made on its website and Facebook page .
“ Fox News not withdrawing that story has driven me nutty , ” said Don Shipley , a retired SEAL who outs bogus military service claims and was the first to obtain official records disputing Garofalo 's story .
A Fox News segment earlier this month featured a man claiming to be a Vietnam War-era SEAL . He admitted to lying about his service this week .
Shipley said he contacted Navy Times after Fox News failed to retract the bogus piece .
Shipley provided copies of Garofalo 's official military records and Navy Times confirmed the records ' authenticity with the National Personnel Records Center and Naval Special Warfare Command .
Shipley said he approached Fox about retracting the story the day after it ran .
Facebook correspondence provided by Shipley shows he messaged Llenas about inconsistencies in Garofalo 's military history and asked Fox to retract the story .
“ I do n't know who has the balls in this day and age to do something like that , ” he said of Garofalo 's lies in an interview .
According to Shipley 's correspondence with Fox 's Llenas , the reporter told Shipley he had a request out for Garofalo 's records .
“ You can turn this story around , ” Shipley wrote to Llenas , according to a screenshot of his Facebook correspondence with the Fox reporter that Shipley provided to Navy Times . “ I ‘ ll help you but avoiding it wo n't help . ”
One Twitter user tweeted at the Fox News account on Oct. 10 , asking them to retract Garofalo 's segment as well .
John Garofalo is a PHONY Navy SEAL . Don Shipley ( Buds131 ) got the details : https : //t.co/M9cV5oTlAO @ FoxNews correct your story ! — 🦇🕸️🎃BooPunk🍂🌕 ( @ Stray_Arrows ) October 10 , 2017
Service records not only show that Garofalo did not serve as a SEAL , but that he did not receive a Purple Heart and did not deploy to Vietnam .
Freedom of Information response shows Naval Special Warfare Command having no records of Garofalo in the history of the elite units ' ranks .
“ Despite this diligent search , which included variations in spelling and order of name , ” no records could be found that Garofalo ever qualified or participated in the SEAL , UDT or SWCC communities , the command 's FOIA response states .
National Personnel Records Center documents show Garofalo coming aboard at U.S. Navy Recruiting Station in New York and heading to basic training at Naval Station Great Lakes , Illinois .
After that he reported to Naval Air Station Oceana , Virginia , in December 1963 , according to personnel records .
He headed overseas and reported to Fleet Air Reconnaissance Squadron ( VQ ) 2 in Rota , Spain , in January 1966 , according to records , and separated from the Navy in September 1967 .
While the Fox News segment pans across a variety of medals and decorations in the Garofalo story , including a Purple Heart , personnel records do not show Garofalo receiving such medals and decorations .
A form dated 1993 entitled “ transmittal of and/or entitlement to awards ” only lists Garofalo as authorized for a National Defense Service Medal .
“ Did not serve ( sic ) with a unit/vessel awarded the Vietnam Service Medal , or any unit citations , ” a staff comment reads .
The form lists Garofalo as the requester of the 1993 review .
In the Fox News segment , Garofalo was reluctant to be referred to as a “ hero . ”
“ You are a hero , ” Llenas told Garofalo in the segment . “ But like most heroes— “
“ I do n't like to hear that , ” Garofalo said , cutting him off .
“ Why do n't you like to hear it ? ” Llenas asked .
Garofalo appeared to choke up .
2014 Stadium Series Jersey Unveiled
The Chicago Blackhawks have unveiled the team 's jersey for their March 1 game vs. the Pittsburgh Penguins at Soldier Field .
Jerseys are available now at the Blackhawks Store on Michigan Ave. as well as the store inside the United Center .
Stadium Series Jersey Uniform Specs Photo Gallery `` Back in Black '' video
The Blackhawks 2014 Coors Light NHL Stadium Series™ uniforms utilize colors within the teams ' existing color palates . Each jersey features chrome-treated logo designs that are unique to the NHL Stadium Series and inspired from the chrome details in the NHL® shield , bringing a dynamic and modern perspective to conventional team identities . The chrome crest was developed using new technology that fuses print and embroidery and allows logos to be displayed as a high-resolution image incorporated into the crest . This technology also reduces the weight of the crest , resulting in a lightweight jersey to help improve athlete performance .
Numbering on the back of the jersey is enlarged and sleeve numbers are angled to improve visibility in outdoor venues .
Library Theory
# DitchTheSurvey : Expanding Methodological Diversity in LIS Research
Jisc : Code of practice for Learning Analytics
Library and Information Research , vol 38 , no 119 , 2014
Panlibus , Spring 2015
Library Tech / Web
Downloads from Jisc Digital Festival 2015
iBeacon technology
Collections / eResources
New digital collection from Historic Scotland
Loeb Art Center database of over 19,000 digitised items
Race in Iraq and Syria to record and shield art falling to ISIS
Academic Libraries
Latest edition of the Academic Library Trends and Statistics
Institutional MOOC strategies in Europe
University of Oxford 's Weston Library opens 21 March as new model for research libraries worldwide and public showcase for Bodleian treasures
Pedagogy for Librarians Course
Public Libraries
Ed Vaizey : “ there appear to be no grounds on which he would intervene in libraries ”
Libraries do n't need more advocacy , they need better advocacy
Libraries on the Edge : some great ideas
Cataloguing/Metadata
Research Data Explored II : the Anatomy and Reception of Figshare
Publishing
Measuring the Influence of Creative Commons Licenses on the Usage of Open Access Monographs
16 of the top 20 research journals let advertisers spy on their readers
Misc
Google open first shop , in London
Can you identify these books by their covers ? c/o H Weller
Card catalogue art
A jewellery box or a library ? c/o H Weller
“ If you want to help the oppressed ] , build a big library and leave the door open. ” – Sir Terry Pratchett 1948-2015
Redosiris is currently reading The Extreme Centre : A Warning by Tariq Ali
Advertisements
Do you think Syrians would accept that every other Arab country embraces freedom and democracy and we would continue embracing the tyranny of Assad ? The world better prepare for that day of reckoning and no higher power , no matter how determined , will be able to stop us . This is our country , these are our people , and it is about our dignity .
Bashar al-Assad told the Wall Street Journal he is immune to what happened in Tunisia and Egypt . Just one fact should throw some doubt upon this claim of his . Every year , over 150,000 young Syrians from a graduating class of 300,000 begin their hopeless journey under a regime more interested in designing suicide car bombs , plotting the occupation of other countries , supporting terrorist organizations of all creeds and affiliations , and staying afloat through sheer terror and violence than to provide any comfort for their people .
Report Syrian women protest price hikes Roee Nahmias ( Video ) Opposition says local media did not cover demonstrations due to increased government supervision ; photos of hooded opposition supporters spray-painting anti-Assad graffiti surface Syrian women protest price hikes
What do you think these young women will do when they find out that Assad has pilfered more than $ 40 billion from the Syrian treasury while their future husbands walk endlessly the streets of our cities ? Syrian young women already know about the tens of billions pilfered by Ali of Tunisia and Mubarak of Egypt , they are trading stories as I write this article . They will be an essential component in the coming revolution and this is why Asma al-Assad chairs a women 's organization in Syria whose real purpose is to gauge their anger .
An impromptu large demonstration was sparked recently in Damascus over the beating of a young man by four policemen and the video shows clearly that the crowd refused to turn it into an Assad propaganda demonstration . The next one will be sparked by a young woman committing suicide because she can not marry the man she loves . It is not a color or a flower ; ours will be the Love Revolution .
But hardened policymakers and analysts around the world keep producing articles and speeches to sway and deflect from the deficiencies of the Assad regime and strike fear in our hearts that the Islamists are coming . We were told a similar tale in Egypt . It turned out that there is a template after all for a peaceful transition from tyranny to democracy , one that RPS has called for repeatedly over the last seven years . In fact , one of the subjects I personally discussed at the Knesset in June of 2007 revolved around a formula of transition that would protect Syria from harm by providing the layers below Assad the opportunity to transition the country while it protects all Syrians from violence and more importantly from the Islamists ever hijacking a nascent democracy .
The formula was rejected by some and intrigued others . The year 2007 is not 2011 and it behooves us today to re-open that file instead of waiting for Jimmy Carter and John Kerry , in their zest to pursue peace at any cost , to impose upon the region an order that would perpetually subject the women of Syria to the prisons of the Islamists and more importantly to another Gaza in the Golan Heights . These Arab Revolutions are crying out `` This is not about religion but about freedom and human rights '' , yet some still find ways to inject the Muslim Brotherhood on the basis of faulty analysis .
Say no to peace with Assad
There is nothing in common between the gray-haired , bearded men screaming for Israel 's destruction and the young Arab man on the street screaming for economic justice and equality and the Islamist formula , which has tested badly in many parts of the world , will certainly not sway our youths from their determination to sing Britney Spears , watch Hollywood on-demand movies , and marry on their own terms .
Organized they are , but popular they are not . These Arab revolutions are not about the Palestinians , land swaps , peace , Jerusalem , settlements , or even water . It 's about our freedom , our dignity , and our future . The dictators kept pointing to Jerusalem but the youths in the Arab world kept pointing to the food on their tables . Who would have thought Jerusalem would cause the downfall of tyrants ?
Peace is magical but selling a signed document with a dictator as peace is unconscionable . The peace Israelis want and we Syrians need can only happen if we agree to it in a train station already linking Damascus to Jerusalem . No paper , no ceremony , and no intent will bring glory to those in pursuit of peace unless its purpose is perpetually guaranteed by mechanisms supported by democratic institutions . Real peace can only happen between two free peoples , equally motivated by their economic and social needs . Democracy in Syria is the path to real peace .
Arab and Farsi dissidents seeking freedom , democracy , human rights and the respect of the law in their own countries were called dreamers . With these revolutions , it turned out we are the realists . We know the root cause of the ills of our societies and they are certainly not resolved by sending a US ambassador
A free and democratic Syria is the antidote to the violence Assad has been procreating and will continue to procreate for generations to come . The opportunity is here , the tide is on the right side of history ; let us both not waste it again by fantasizing over peace with Assad .
Farid Ghadry is the President of the Reform Party of Syria . He can be followed on Twitter
Pirates ! French presidency makes 400 unauthorized copies of DVD
The French satirical investigative journalism weekly “ Le Canard Enchaîné ” reveals that our holier-than-thou presidency is in fact a pirate 's lair . In a stunning display of hypocrisy , the presidential audiovisual services produced 400 unauthorized copies of the 52 minutes documentary “ A visage découvert : Nicolas Sarkozy “ .
The editor , Galaxie Press had only shipped 50 copies , but the propaganda plan required more so the Elysee went to work , going as far as modifying the cover and replacing the Galaxie Presse name and logos with “ Service audiovisuel de la présidence de la République ” .
Is n't is deliciously ironic that the same executive power is the main force behind the latest disgusting bungled piece of French legislation regulating and controlling the usage of the Internet in order to enforce the compliance to the copyright law ?
It is even more appalling that we are dealing with repeat offenders : last spring , while the Hadopi law was discussed , U.S. music duo MGMT received €30,000 as a settlement for a copyright infringement by French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's party who used one of its songs at a political rally without permission . Those who led the charge against Internet users are not the most respectful of copyright .
Hadopi is also known as the “ three strikes ” law because it after a certain number of warnings a copyright infringer 's Internet access would be cut off . Hadopi has just been adopted . Nicolas – one more of those antics and your Internet access is toast !
Banks have been using Two-Factor Authentication for a long time now . Some banks require entering a token during login , others only need it for money transfers . In the recent months , with growing cases of user account hacking , many online services are implementing Two-Factor Authentication . The popular ones are GMail , Dropbox and Amazon AWS . But recently Facebook announced Two-Factor Authentication support . The Facebook iOS/Android app acts as a soft-token and users that do n't have a smartphone , can use SMS to receive their tokens upon login . I think this is a good move , since a Facebook account acts as a persons identity due to all the personal information fed into accounts . But does Two-Factor Authentication solve the problem ? Can hackers not hijack account with Two-Factor Authentication enabled ? The answer is obviously No . It does make hijacking accounts much more difficult by adding a barrier and might make it not worth the while to hijack an account . But having a strong password along with Two-Factor Authentication does make an account slightly more secure .
Evernote had also been hacked recently and is currently forcing password resets on all accounts . They are also going to introduce Two-Factor Authentication very soon .
by Andy Zilch | AHL On The Beat Archive
The Springfield Falcons are once again affiliated with the Arizona Coyotes , an organization that saw names such as Danny Briere , Shane Doan and Trevor Letowski pass through Springfield before enjoying illustrious NHL careers .
During an eight-year tenure from 1996 to 2004 , the Falcons clinched a playoff berth five times . The first season saw the most on-ice success with a visit to the Conference Finals , where the Falcons – under head coach Kevin McCarthy – were defeated in a tight battle against the Hershey Bears that saw the series extend to a Game 7 .
“ We had some nice success with the Coyotes back in the 90 's , ” Falcons director of hockey operations Bruce Landon commented . “ Springfield had the opportunity to watch some wonderful players hone their skills here and go on to nice careers in the NHL . ”
The following year saw three of the most recognizable names from the affiliation with the Coyotes : Briere , Doan and Letowski . The recently retired Briere was named the AHL 's rookie of the year , leading the team with 36 goals , 56 assists and 92 points – those 36 goals still stand as the club 's rookie goal-scoring record .
Briere made his professional debut with the Falcons on Oct. 3 , 1997 , against the Worcester IceCats , and that season launched an NHL career where he finished with 973 games and 696 points ( 307 goals , 389 assists ) . His postseason statistics were even more impressive , with 116 points ( 53 goals , 63 assists ) in 124 games , earning him the right to be called one of the NHL 's most clutch players .
Doan has unquestionably become the face of the Coyotes franchise as he is entering his 20th consecutive year with the team . His stint in Springfield was quick but effective as he registered 42 points ( 21 goals , 21 assists ) in 39 games in 1997-98 . Doan enters his 13th year as the captain of the Coyotes and is anticipated to reach two NHL plateaus this season , entering the year six games shy of 1,400 games played and two points shy of 900 points .
Letowski 's rookie season saw him collect 31 points ( 11 goals , 20 assists ) in 75 games , but the following season he blasted away from any first-year jitters and led the Falcons with 32 goals , 35 assists and 67 points in 67 contests . Despite these individual efforts , the Falcons could not progress past the first round of the playoffs in the 1997-98 and 1998-99 seasons .
The 1999-2000 season saw Briere in a larger portion ( 58 games played ) after skating in just 13 games the season before . The duo of him and all-time Falcons point leader Jean-Guy Trudel was still not enough to move the Falcons past round one of the Calder Cup Playoffs . The Falcons would finish under .500 for the first time since their inaugural season , and Dave Farrish 's three-year coaching term would also come to an end .
The 2000-01 season would be a year for the record books , at least individually . Trudel scored 99 points that season including 65 assists , both franchise records that still stand .
Both 2000-01 and 2001-02 were years where the Falcons would not qualify for the playoffs under head coach Marc Potvin , but future NHL'ers Trent Hunter , Steve Valiquette , Nikita Alexeev and Wyatt Smith would all play big roles on the team along with Trudel and Briere .
Former NHL tough guy and two-time Stanley Cup champion Marty McSorley took the helm in the two final years of the Coyotes affiliation . The team returned to the playoffs but lost in round one in the 2002-03 season , falling to the Hamilton Bulldogs three games to one .
The last season of the affiliation did n't go as planned , as the team did not qualify for the playoffs in 2003-04 .
Said Landon , “ Although we are dealing with a new management team in Arizona , I have known both Don Maloney and Darcy Regier for a long time and I feel confident they will provide us with the players to make this team competitive as we look forward to the new affiliation . ”
After an 11-year hiatus , the two sides are back together . With a massive youth infusion in Arizona , the Falcons will look to once again develop and produce mainstay NHL'ers while mixing in the on-ice success the team enjoyed in the early stages of the Coyotes affiliation .
A Republican lawmaker is rescinding his bill to sell off millions of acres of federally owned land .
Rep. Jason Chaffetz Jason ChaffetzTop Utah paper knocks Chaffetz as he mulls run for governor : ‘ His political career should be over ' Boehner working on memoir : report Former GOP lawmaker on death of 7-year-old migrant girl : Message should be ‘ do n't make this journey , it will kill you ' MORE ( R-Utah ) announced late Wednesday night on Instagram that he would pull the legislation after backlash from conservation and sportsmen 's groups .
“ I 'm a proud gun owner , hunter and love our public lands , ” Chaffetz wrote alongside a photograph of him in hunting camouflage , holding a dog .
“ The bill would have disposed of small parcels of lands Pres . Clinton identified as serving no public purpose but groups I support and care about fear it sends the wrong message , ” he wrote , adding that the legislation “ dies tomorrow . ”
The Disposal of Excess Federal Lands Act called for the sale of 3.3 million acres currently owned by the Interior Department 's Bureau of Land Management in 10 western states . Chaffetz introduced it Jan. 24 , just over a week before committed to withdrawing it , and he or other legislators had introduced it in previous congressional sessions .
“ The long overdue disposal of excess federal lands will free up resources for the federal government while providing much-needed opportunities for economic development in struggling rural communities , ” Chaffetz said in a statement at the time .
A Clinton administration official identified the land in a 1997 memo after Congress called for a report on land that could be sold because it has not been reserved or appropriated for a specific use .
Conservation and sportsmen 's groups quickly cried foul .
“ Trump 's allies in Washington laid the tracks for this land takeover scheme the moment they started their legislative session , and now they 're driving a locomotive over and through the American people and our wild natural heritage , ” Alan Rowsome , senior government relations director for the Wilderness Society , said in a statement .
Backcountry Hunters and Anglers , a group that counts Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE Jr. as an influential member , called on its members to complain to Chaffetz .
House Republicans passed a change to their internal rules last month to make it easier to sell off federal land . It mandates that when calculating the cost of disposing of federal land , the Congressional Budget Office can not consider future revenues the federal government could have received from the land from energy production , recreation , grazing or other uses .
When Chaffetz introduced the land transfer bill , he also reintroduced legislation to abolish the police forces of the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service , leaving local and state police to enforce laws in those areas .
While giving federal land to state or private owners has support in many corners of the GOP , the idea has some key detractors .
Rep. Ryan Zinke ( R-Mont . ) , Trump 's nominee to lead the Interior Department , has repeatedly said that he opposes all proposals to dispose of large portions of federal land . On the campaign trail , Trump was also skeptical of the idea .
According to Godwin 's law , the pop culture tenet of the Internet age , the longer a discussion goes on , the more likely someone will invoke a comparison to Hitler or the Nazis . This week , South Korean President Park Geun-hye may have provided an opportunity to update the maxim for the times by comparing local anti-government protestors to ISIS ( also known as Islamic State ) .
Referring to a mass demonstration that took place in Seoul 10 days earlier , Park compared protesters who hid their faces by wearing masks or other facial coverings to members of the infamous extremist group , calling for a ban on masks at rallies . The protests , directed at government plans to take over the publication of school history books and reform the labor market , saw violent clashes between police and demonstrators , some of whom covered their faces .
“ Given that the extremists of the Islamic State ( IS ) group hide their faces , we should ban demonstrators from wearing masks in the future , ” Park is reported to have told a Cabinet meeting .
Alluding to the recent terrorist attacks in Paris , Park warned of the risk of protests being infiltrated by “ terrorist elements , ” reported the AFP .
Park 's remarks attracted a backlash from various quarters , not least of all those involved in the protest . The Korean Confederation of Trade Unions , which was involved in organizing the protest , said it was left “ speechless ” by Park 's comments .
Others with no connection to the demonstration made it clear they were similarly aghast at Park 's comparison . A tweet by the Seoul bureau chief of the Wall Street Journal , Alastair Gale , captured what many were thinking with highly evocative understatement .
“ South Korea 's president compares local protesters in masks to ISIS . Really , ” read the tweet , which was shared more than 3,000 times and translated by local media .
An editorial in the liberal Kyunghyang Shinmun newspaper , meanwhile , called the president 's comments “ shocking enough to make the listener doubt his ears . ”
Fairly or not , Park 's remarks and proposal to ban masks are sure to give further ammo to critics who have long accused her of authoritarian and even fascist tendencies . As the daughter of former dictator Park Chung-hee , the president has been saddled with the strongman image since before her election .
Whether or not the president sticks to her position , recent history suggests she is up against South Korean jurisprudence . In 2008 , the country 's Constitutional Court ruled it unconstitutional to prohibit protesters from covering their faces .
: The lack of basic facilities was not the only major challenge faced by the 250-Bed District Hospital in Cox 's Bazar , Bangladesh , because there was only one ambulance available to shuttle thousands of Rohingya refugees who needed treatment at the hospital.The Raja Muda of Perlis Tuanku Syed Faizuddin Putra Jamalullail witnessed the actual situation when visiting the hospital on Sunday in the Cox 's Bazar district , about 300km from the capital Dhaka.Tuanku Syed Faizuddin , who is also the Islamic Religious and Malay Customs Council ( MAIPs ) president , was heading a delegation of non-government organisations ( NGO ) to visit the hospital and have a closer look at refugees being treated at the hospital.The delegation would be at Cox 's Bazar until Monday before heading to Dhaka on Tuesday and Wednesday.According to a statement from MAIPS , he was touched by the situation when briefed by specialist surgeon at the hospital , Dr Pu Chaw Nu who said the most pressing need was for ambulances since only one was available compared to the demand from thousands of patients.In addition , support staff such as medical assistants and doctors were inadequate and the limited beds forced the hospital to place patients on the floor.According to Dr Pu the hospital desperately needed aid from all quarters for more appropriate facilities as it involved the lives of the refugees who entered Bangladesh on a daily basis.Operation theatres were also limited and only basic equipment was available and could not be used for more complicated surgery , he said.Meanwhile , Tuanku Syed Faizuddin said MAIPs was prepared to assist parties who are keen to volunteer to help the 500,000 refugees. -- BERNAMA
The Abolition of Man is a 1943 book by C. S. Lewis . Subtitled `` Reflections on education with special reference to the teaching of English in the upper forms of schools , '' it uses that as a starting point for a defense of objective value and natural law as well as a warning of the consequences of doing away with or `` debunking '' those things . It defends science as something worth pursuing but criticizes using it to debunk values , the value of science itself being among them , or defining it to exclude such values . The book was first delivered as a series of three evening lectures at King 's College , Newcastle , part of the University of Durham , as the Riddell Memorial Lectures on February 24 to 26 , 1943 .
Moral subjectivism vs. natural law [ edit ]
Lewis begins with a critical response to `` The Green Book '' by `` Gaius and Titius '' : The Control of Language : A Critical Approach to Reading and Writing , published in 1939 by Alexander ( `` Alec '' ) King and Martin Ketley . [ 1 ] The Green Book was used as a text for upper form students in British schools . [ 2 ]
Lewis criticises the authors for subverting student values and claims that they teach that all statements of value ( such as `` this waterfall is sublime '' ) are merely statements about the speaker 's feelings and say nothing about the object . [ 3 ] Such a view , Lewis argues , makes nonsense of value talk . It implies , for example , that when a speaker who condemns some act as contemptible is really saying , `` I have contemptible feelings . `` [ 4 ]
By denying that values are real or that sentiments can be reasonable , subjectivism saps moral motivation [ 5 ] and robs people of the ability to respond emotionally to experiences of real goodness and real beauty in literature and in the world . [ 6 ] Moreover , Lewis claims that it is impossible to be a consistent moral subjectivist . Even the authors of The Green Book clearly believe that some things , such as improved student learning , are truly good and desirable . [ 7 ]
Lewis cites ancient thinkers such as Plato , Aristotle and Augustine , who believed that the purpose of education was to train children in `` ordinate affections '' , to train them to like and dislike what they ought and to love the good and hate the bad . Lewis claims that although such values are universal , they do not develop automatically or inevitably in children . Thus , they are not `` natural '' in that sense of the word , but they must be taught through education . Those who lack them lack the specifically human element , the trunk that unites intellectual man with visceral ( animal ) man , and they may be called `` men without chests '' .
Men without chests : a dystopian future [ edit ]
Lewis criticizes modern attempts to debunk `` natural '' values , such as those that would deny objective value to the waterfall , on rational grounds . He says that there is a set of objective values that have been shared , with minor differences , by every culture , which he refers to as `` the traditional moralities of East and West , the Christian , the Pagan , and the Jew ... '' . Lewis calls that the Tao , from the Taoist word for the ultimate `` way '' or `` path '' of reality and human conduct . ( Although Lewis saw natural law as supernatural in origin , as evidenced by his use of it as a proof of theism in Mere Christianity , his argument in the book does not rest on theism . )
Without the Tao , no value judgments can be made at all , and modern attempts to do away with some parts of traditional morality for some `` rational '' reason always proceed by arbitrarily selecting one part of the Tao and using it as grounds to debunk the others .
The final chapter describes the ultimate consequences of this debunking : a distant future in which the values and morals of the majority are controlled by a small group who rule by a `` perfect '' understanding of psychology , and who in turn , being able to `` see through '' any system of morality that might induce them to act in a certain way , are ruled only by their own unreflected whims . In surrendering rational reflection on their own motivations , the controllers will no longer be recognizably human , the controlled will be robot-like , and the Abolition of Man will have been completed .
An appendix to The Abolition of Man lists a number of basic values seen by Lewis as parts of the Tao , supported by quotations from different cultures .
A fictional treatment of the dystopian project to carry out the Abolition of Man is a theme of Lewis 's novel That Hideous Strength .
Passages from The Abolition of Man are included in William Bennett 's 1993 book The Book of Virtues .
Criticisms [ edit ]
Critical discussion of The Abolition of Man often centers on the following points :
Does Lewis attack a weak and simplistic form of moral subjectivism ? Are there stronger versions that are not vulnerable to his critiques ?
Can one believe that moral values are in some sense `` objective '' without accepting Lewis 's full-blown natural-law theory of ethics ?
Does Lewis commit the fallacy of false alternatives by arguing that one must either reject all values or accept the traditional natural-law theory of ethics ?
Is it true that believers in moral subjectivism typically or always lack moral motivation ?
Does Lewis overstate the degree of moral consensus that exists across different cultures and religions ? [ 8 ]
Modern reviews [ edit ]
In popular culture [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Gregory Bassham , ed. , C. S. Lewis 's Christian Apologetics : Pro and Con . Leiden : Brill/Rodopi , 2015 .
Jean Beth Elshtain , `` The Abolition of Man : C. S. Lewis 's Prescience Concerning Things to Come . '' In David Baggett , Gary R. Habermas , and Jerry L. Walls , eds. , C. S. Lewis as Philosopher . Downers Grove , IL : Intervarsity Press , 2008 : 85-95 .
C. S. Lewis , `` The Poison of Subjectivism . '' In C. S. Lewis , The Seeing Eye and Other Selected Essays from Christian Reflections . Edited by Walter Hooper . New York : Ballantine Books , 1986 : 99-112 .
Gilbert Meilaender , `` On Moral Knowledge . '' In Robert MacSwain and Michael Ward , eds . The Cambridge Companion to C. S. Lewis . New York : Cambridge University Press , 2010 : 119-31 .
An anonymous reader felt unable to report being raped . She explains why .
This is a guest post by a reader who wants to remain anonymous , for reasons she explains in the post .
Two years ago I was raped for a second time . I did not know the man and I was away from home . I had multiple injuries which were documented by my doctor but I still did not feel able to report it for many reasons .
Because when I tried to report a previous rape , the police told me that the court would n't believe me because I have mental health problems .
Because people say “ she 's done it before ” if a woman reports two rapes . The assumption is that a previous rape means she has made both of them up and she has some kind of agenda , not that she has been victimised twice .
Because of people like this and this .
Because if he had been found not guilty , or if I had lost my nerve , I might have been convicted and imprisoned myself .
Because the low conviction rates for rape made it feel pointless to even try .
Because my local Rape Crisis centre has an 6 month waiting list .
This is n't abstract speculation , this is my reality . These are the direct causes of a rapist ‘ getting away with it ' . He has got away with it because every message from society tells me ( and him ) that I was wrong , not him .
When my GP saw my how bad my injuries were , she told me I had to report it to stop him doing it to anyone else . I hated the thought that what he went on to do was my responsibility . But more than that I knew that there was a vast chasm between me reporting it and him going to prison . There is no logical progression from one to the other .
The thought that he may have gone on to do it to other women keeps me awake at night . However every one of the above reasons meant that I could do nothing more . Even if I had , I feel sure he would still be free . On top of that , people could be naming me on Twitter , discussing in public what I was wearing , arresting me for ‘ making it up ' and assuming , from my history of mental illness and repeated assaults , that this made me more likely to be lying . These things actually make people like me more likely to be revictimised .
It looks like our whole society needs to change for justice for rape victims to be the norm . Public attitudes , as much as the criminal justice system , need reforming drastically .
I did n't report . Writing anonymously here may add to people 's suspicion about what I say , but after seeing the treatment of Ched Evans ' victim my confidence faded .
Reporting would make people blame me and suspect I had ulterior motives . Cruelly , me not reporting will make people do the same .
[ “ Men can stop rape ” graffiti with a raised fist , by David Drexler with a Creative Commons Licence ]
… and his talent for sleeping anywhere . `` He falls asleep anywhere , '' Kim told Jennifer Lawrence , who served as guest host on Jimmy Kimmel Live in November 2017 . `` We 'll be at a meeting or he 'll introduce me to people I 've never met before , we 'll be at a restaurant and he 'll be snoring at the table . ''
Kanye West has quickly returned to his busy lifestyle after his scary hospitalization last month – and wife Kim Kardashian West is not pleased about it , according to a source .
“ Kim still denies they are getting a divorce , but things are definitely not great between her and Kanye , ” an insider tells PEOPLE exclusively , noting that the couple have spent very little time together since his release .
West was released from UCLA Medical Center late last month , after being admitted Nov. 21 for over a week for exhaustion and sleep deprivation . In the wake of both the hospitalization and Kardashian West 's October robbery in Paris , split rumors plagued the couple , but another source insisted that any reports of marital strife were “ completely false . ”
In the days since , West has been spotted out in West Hollywood at the “ Rick Owens : Furniture ” exhibition at the MOCA Pacific Design Center . On Friday , West hit the streets of Los Angeles with pals for an incognito BMX ride .
“ Kanye is supposed to rest and focus on his mental health , ” the source tells PEOPLE . “ Instead , he has had a very busy week and is done resting . ”
Adds the source , “ Kim acts annoyed . She also seems miserable and is spending a lot of time with her family . ”
Though they may spend time apart , an additional insider claims this is not out of the ordinary .
“ Kim and Kanye have been spending time together behind closed doors and no less than usual , ” says the source . “ They both do their own thing a lot of the time but they 're constantly checking in with each other about things — and especially about the kids . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Kanye West Resurfaces as a Blond Following Hospitalization
The couple is currently living apart , a source previously revealed , explaining that the arrangement is for medical reasons .
The confidante added , “ He is instead receiving outpatient care elsewhere with a medical team . Kim still seems concerned but is supportive . They do n't know for how long Kanye will need outpatient care . ”
REPORTING by PERNILLA CEDENHEIM and ELIZABETH LEONARD
For more celebrity videos visit Yahoo View , available now on iOS and Android .
A Florida company selling an obesity product is suing a consumer website for hosting negative reviews of its dietary product . Roca Labs wants the US courts to award it in `` excess '' of $ 1 million in addition to blocking pissedconsumer.com from continuing the practice .
The lawyer for the New York-based online review site told Ars on Monday that the lawsuit [ PDF ] was `` bunk , '' that its demands amount to a prior restraint of speech , and that the site itself is protected from defamation charges under the Communications Decency Act because it hosts the online review forum for others to use .
Further Reading US law would safeguard free-speech rights to criticize business online
Roca Labs , on the other hand , maintains that the website is facilitating a breach of contract with their diet customers . Roca 's customers consented , as part of their agreement when purchasing the Gastric Bypass Alternative , that `` regardless of their outcome , they will not speak , publish , print , blog , or write negatively about Roca or its products in any forum . ''
The company goes on to say that the pissedconsumer.com site and its operators `` deliberately and tortuously interfere with Roca Lab 's customers by encouraging them to breach their customer agreement with Roca as Defendants author or co-author false , malicious , and negative posts about Roca that are published on their subject website and Tweeted to Twitter 's 271 million users . ''
In its lawsuit , Roca notes that it provides upwards of an $ 800 discount to people who agree to the non-disparagement clause .
A hearing in the case , originally filed in Florida state court but transferred to federal court , is set for October 8 .
Randazza filed his response [ PDF ] to Roca 's claims on Thursday , days after a member of the House of Representatives offered legislation that would make it illegal for businesses to take action against consumers who write `` honest '' negative reviews online about products and services . Rep. Eric Swalwell ( D-CA ) said the measure would make it illegal for companies to have non-disparagement clauses in their consumer contracts .
`` It 's un-American that any consumer would be penalized for writing an honest review , '' Swalwell said . `` I 'm introducing this legislation to put a stop to this egregious behavior so people can share honest reviews without fear of litigation . ''
Swalwell 's Consumer Review Freedom Act came a week after Gov . Jerry Brown signed a similar law in California that includes a $ 10,000 fine against companies that violate the so-called `` Yelp bill . '' Swalwell 's law , if passed by Congress and signed by President Barack Obama , would function nationwide .
Randazza said in his filing that `` Roca Labs is desperately trying to force a cone of silence over each and every customer that discovers that Roca Labs ' product is not only a specious remedy for their weight issues , but a potential cause of additional health problems . Plaintiff , desperate to sell as many of its tubs of goo to the public as it can before regulatory agencies come knocking , does its best to bully its former customers into silence . ''
The Better Business Bureau has given the company an `` F '' rating , with 73 complaints the last three years .
In order , Pissedconsumer.com ranks the `` most complained about companies '' as Walmart , Pizza Hut , FedEx , UPS and Avas Flowers .
Warning : This interview about the “ Tick Tock ” episode of Suits contains spoilers .
This week 's hour of Suits came to a dramatic end with Harvey ( Gabriel Macht ) running through the street , trying to get to AUSA Anita Gibbs 's office after guessing that 's where Mike ( Patrick J. Adams ) was when word came that the jury has reached a verdict . Mike told Gibbs he 'd like to accept her deal , before that verdict is read . But which offer : he 'll do two years in prison and she wo n't go after anyone at Pearson Specter Litt , or he goes free if he turns on one name partner ?
Macht obviously was n't going to reveal the answer ( or if Harvey gets there in time to stop Mike from signing ) , but he did take a few other questions about the penultimate episode of Season 5 .
View photos
The scene with Harvey and Donna , when he 's telling her he wants to turn himself in and she asks him to believe that he and Mike are worthy of being found innocent — what 's really going on in Harvey 's head ?
I think underneath he believes that Mike can do well , but subconsciously , he also thinks that the jury will find him guilty . You see Harvey 's confidence when he starts working it out with the kid that Mike took his LSATs for . He 's like , “ All right , here 's the winner . This is where we 're going to find this mistrial. ” That uber-confidence of him meeting that kid on the bench sort of reminded me of a scene out of some CIA film , meeting in front of the Pentagon or the Lincoln Memorial or something , where he 's just like , “ You 're going to do what I need you to do. ” And he strikes out .
View photos
He 's gone every route possible to try to figure out how to get Mike out of this mess . He finally comes to someone that he can be vulnerable with and tell the truth to , which is he 's scared s–tless of the outcome . What he wants to do is take the responsibility and fall on the sword himself and turn himself in . Donna convinces him to see it through , that Mike will be innocent , that they 'll be innocent . This is one of the moments I remember where Harvey was most vulnerable , and that was a challenge to play because so often you see him recovering , but it was almost like here you saw his fright . You saw him unknowing of what potential future is in store for them , and he 's so scared that Mike might not be able to handle it . Harvey was so close to turning himself in to pay the piper .
View photos
The end scene with Harvey running to get to Gibbs 's office : It 's so affecting to see a man normally so smooth , who moves slowly like a shark , so desperate . What do you remember about filming that ?
Throughout the episode , Harvey is doing anything he can to keep his head above the water . It almost feels like he 's drowning in guilt , and he 's trying to figure out anything that he can do to make sure that either Mike is found not guilty or there 's a mistrial . Mike and Harvey are feeling equally guilty — Harvey for giving Mike the job in the first place , and Mike for taking the job .
You know , there were a couple bloopers in those moments we were shooting the running . First of all , I have felt somewhat out of shape , so to run in those shoes — I do n't think I could move my legs the next day . There was one take where our A-camera/Steadicam operator , Michael Soos , said , “ Now , Gabriel , you 're going to be running towards me . I 'm going to go left of you and you 're going to go camera left. ” And I was like , “ Yeah , fine. ” Now , this was a day where it was sunny . We were in the middle of Yorkville [ Ontario ] trying to make it look like we were in downtown New York . I do n't think we 've ever shot on this corner , but at least 600 fans were watching . People were walking the streets , and we were walking in and out of them hoping that none of them would look directly in the camera . I was like , “ I 'm just going to be going camera right of him , like he told me , ” which was wrong . I literally ran into the camera . Both of us collided at full speed . Wipe-out . It was a serious wipe-out . That was pretty humiliating . Funny , but humiliating .
Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol on Sunday suggested that Republican senators should confirm United States Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice if she is nominated as secretary of state because she is more likely to support going to war than Sen. John Kerry ( D-MA ) .
The conservative columnist told Fox News host Chris Wallace that Rice had made a mistake by not being more clear that the September attacks in Benghazi were terrorism but Kerry had a history of opposing military intervention .
“ I rather think [ President Barack Obama ] will appoint Susan Rice and I think — I 'm not a huge fan of hers — but I think she 's likely to be confirmed by the Senate , ” Kristol explained . “ And an awful lot of people might decide , you know , given the range of alternative appointments , maybe she 's not — John Kerry , in my opinion , might be a worse secretary of state . Maybe one just goes ahead and lets him have the secretary of state he wants . ”
“ I think Susan Rice has been a little more interventionist than John Kerry , ” he pointed out . “ John Kerry was a guy who loved the Assad regime in Syria . John Kerry has been against our intervening in every war we 've intervened in , the first Gulf War . In Iraq , he was for it before he was against it . ”
But Fox News political analyst Kirsten Powers , who describes herself as a liberal and has accused Obama of sexism for defending Rice , blasted the president over the possible appointment .
“ That kind of arrogance — which is what I think it would be — could be he undoing , ” she declared . “ If she is put under oath and forced to go through and answer all these questions , I think it 's going to put the administration in a really bad position . ”
Watch this video from Fox News ' Fox News Sunday , broadcast Nov. 25 , 2012 .
The US stepped up the enforcement of copyright law dramatically when authorities chose to press criminal copyright charges against Kim Dotcom in 2012 , grabbing his servers and raiding his New Zealand house . Dotcom 's `` cyberlocker '' site Megaupload , which the US government accuses of massive piracy , went down instantly .
Then things slowed down dramatically , as New Zealand authorities were n't quick to hand Dotcom over . An extradition trial , delayed many times , is currently scheduled for June .
Now it 's come to light that Kim Dotcom may get kicked out of New Zealand sooner than that , but it has nothing to do with copyright . The New Zealand Herald reports that the country 's Immigration Minister has launched an inquiry to decide whether to deport Dotcom because of an unreported driving violation , in which he pled guilty to driving 149 kilometers per hour in a 50 kilometer per hour zone . ( That 's 93 mph in a 31 mph zone . )
Dotcom pled guilty to the offense in 2009 , but when he filed his New Zealand residency application in 2010 , it asked if he 'd ever been convicted of an offense involving `` dangerous driving . '' He answered `` No . ''
Immigration NZ manager told the newspaper that it is `` assessing Mr. Dotcom 's liability for deportation '' and the group has asked Dotcom to respond by May 4 . The inquiry was opened after the Herald revealed the conviction in an earlier article .
If Dotcom was deported over the driving matter , it would be to Finland or Germany , not the US , where he would have to stand trial . However , it would clearly complicate his legal case , and it is n't clear how such a move would affect his chances of finally ending up in the US .
Additional details on the matter were published by TorrentFreak , which acquired New Zealand police records on the matter . “ The defendant stated he had seen an 80km/h sign , '' those records state . `` He further stated that he stepped on the gas for 3-4 seconds and then braked and reduced his speed to the speed limit . He also stated he wanted to test the acceleration of the vehicle . ''
Dotcom pleaded guilty by letter four days after being stopped by the police . He was fined $ 500 plus $ 130 in costs and banned from driving for six months .
The blog also reported that immigration records reveal Dotcom did disclose two other legal matters : a 1994 hacking conviction and a 2001 suspending sentence for insider trading . `` Both were disregarded having been dealt with under Germany 's 'clean slate ' legislation , '' the blog reported .
As for checking the `` no '' box , Dotcom told the Herald it was a misunderstanding , saying his advisors who helped with the application knew about his driving conviction .
When Rory Green set out to buy a home , she and her husband sought out the ugliest apartment in Greater Vancouver 's housing market .
The university fundraising professional is joking when she says that . But the pair reasoned they would have to buy a place and put some “ elbow grease ” into it if they wanted to stay within their price range .
Sure enough , they found something that needed some love — a two-bedroom townhouse with a green living room , an orange kitchen , and a carpet stained with blood and bleach in the Vancouver suburb of Coquitlam .
In order to afford a home in pricey Greater Vancouver , Rory Green set out to to buy a fixer-upper .
The pair bought it , with plans that 20 years from now , it would be paid off .
They made a 30 per cent down payment , securing a mortgage with an interest rate of between two and three per cent that wo n't change for four years .
After that , neither they , nor any other couple who bought a home in recent years , can be certain of borrowing at such a favourable rate .
Canadians today are paying the lowest mortgage rates seen in records going back 66 years . It is n't just Canada ; interest rates worldwide are at their lowest in recorded history , according to the Bank of America .
“ I know it 's not always going to be this good , and I think assuming things are always going to be as good as they are now , in terms of the amount of expenses I have and in terms of interest rates , is not a good way to set myself up for success , ” Green told The Huffington Post Canada .
Some `` official '' posted rates are higher , but most lenders in Canada today will give you a mortgage for 2.5 to three per cent .
An analysis by The Huffington Post Canada has found that a return to a mortgage rate of five per cent — the “ normal ” rate for years prior to the financial crisis — would put severe pressure on many Canadian homeowners .
The average mortgage payment on a house bought at today 's average price ( $ 503,301 ) would rise by $ 620 per month , from $ 2,078 to $ 2,698 .
In Toronto , average payments on an average-priced house would rise by $ 923 per month , from $ 3,079 to $ 4,002 .
In Vancouver , payments would rise by $ 1,097 per month , from $ 3,677 to $ 4,774 .
( Scroll to the bottom of this story to find out how these numbers were calculated . )
Given that a recent poll found half of Canadians could n't even afford $ 200 more in monthly payments , those projections paint a frightening picture .
Canadian households have “ a huge vulnerability to any hike in interest rates , ” said Jeremy Kronick , a policy analyst at the C.D . Howe Institute .
Kronick said Canada needs to fix housing affordability issues before interest rates begin to rise .
It 's “ debatable ” whether tightening mortgage rules works , he said , preferring to see government policy change to make it easier to increase the supply of housing — for instance by loosening zoning rules and other land use restrictions .
But can that be done before interest rates rise ?
“ I 'm not convinced interest rate hikes are coming , ” Kronick said in an interview .
Not everyone is sure of that .
The average price of homes in Burnaby , a suburb of Vancouver , ranged from $ 773,200 to $ 856,800 last month . ( Photo : Abdolhamid Ebrahimi/Getty Images )
The Parliamentary Budget Office earlier this year predicted interest rates would rise to “ normal ” levels over the next five years — a period of time during which most of Canada 's mortgages will come up for renewal .
It sees a risk of Canadian households falling into a debt crisis by 2020 .
“ The financial vulnerability of the average household would rise to levels beyond historical experience , ” the PBO said .
John Andrew , the director of Queen 's University 's real estate program , lays some of the blame for the current situation with mortgage lenders .
“ If you go to the banks ' websites , they will tell you what they will lend you based on you being completely maxed out , ” he said .
The effect of that is becoming evident . The Bank of Canada says the share of households with very high mortgage debt — above 450 per cent of household income — jumped to 15 per cent of all borrowers last year , from 12 per cent just the year before .
An ever-larger number of Canadian mortgage borrowers are taking `` high loan-to-income ratio '' mortgages , meaning they owe more than 450 per cent of household income . In Toronto , nearly 40 per cent of mortgage holders are in this category . ( Chart : Bank of Canada )
Looking at banks ' mortgage calculators , HuffPost Canada determined that some lenders are willing to issue mortgages that would eat up 44 per cent of household income — way above the 30-per-cent affordability guideline issued by Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp .
Andrew wants Canada 's banking regulator , the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions ( OSFI ) , to
“ stress-test '' mortgage borrowers to see if they can actually afford to pay higher mortgage rates .
“ I do n't see that [ the banks ] are doing that at all , ” he said .
Lenders are required to make sure borrowers are able to pay at the Bank of Canada 's mortgage qualifying rate , which most recently sat at 4.64 per cent . But there 's a major loophole : For five-year , fixed-rate mortgages , banks do n't need to make sure borrowers can handle the Bank of Canada 's rate -- they can qualify at the lower , discount rate offered by the bank . The five-year fixed-rate is one of the most common mortgages in Canada .
OSFI is taking steps to address the situation — though focusing on the banks and not borrowers . This week it ordered Canada 's smaller lenders to “ stress-test ” their own ability to withstand a 50-per-cent decline in Vancouver house prices , and a 40-per-cent decline in Toronto prices . ( OSFI already stress-tests the big banks . )
“ Do n't borrow what the bank is willing to lend you . Borrow what you know you can afford . ”
— John Andrew , Queen 's University
Green does n't lose sleep at night worrying that interest rates could rise .
If they did , she could go back to her lender and lengthen her amortization period to make it more affordable — 25 years , say , instead of just 20 .
She 's less confident , though , about people who have borrowed more than they can afford . She admits to being shocked at what she learned she could have borrowed .
“ Honestly , the thought of owing that much money made me feel uncomfortable , ” Green said .
For her , a rate hike “ would mean being more careful and living with fewer luxuries , ” she said . “ Which is kind of just the reality of being a millennial homeowner . ”
That 's not the case for borrowers who have maxed themselves out . As Andrew notes , you do n't have to borrow as much as the banks are willing to lend you — and you probably should n't .
Andrew advises homebuyers to go to an online calculator and figure out their payments at an interest rate that 's three percentage points higher than their current rate .
“ Do n't borrow what the bank is willing to lend you , ” he said . “ Borrow what you know you can afford . ”
METHODOLOGY To calculate these mortgage payment estimates , we used mortgage calculators provided by Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. ( CMHC ) and Mortgage Intelligence .
The estimates are based on the average house prices for June 2016 , provided by the Canadian Real Estate Association ( CREA ) . Those would be $ 503,301 for Canada as a whole ; $ 746,546 for Toronto ; and $ 1.026 million for Vancouver .
The numbers assume a 10-per-cent down payment , except for Vancouver . CMHC has stopped insuring mortgages for properties above $ 1 million , so an average-priced home in Vancouver would require an uninsured mortgage with a minimum 20-per-cent down payment .
Like Us On Facebook
Also on HuffPost
As there are some questions on whether Allegiant Air will be able to launch their Portsmouth to Florida service , scheduled for the 25th November , the low-cost carrier announced on Wednesday a new , non-stop jet service from Cincinnati Northern Kentucky International Airport to Orlando Sanford International Airport starting Feb. 12 , 2014 . The new flights to Orlando are on sale for $ 100 roundtrip including taxes and fees and will operate twice a week – on Wednesday and Saturday . This announcement marks the 100th U.S. city served by Allegiant . This achievement will be celebrated with Cincinnati service with roundtrip fares as low as $ 100 . “ We are pleased to add Orlando and Southwest Florida as affordable , convenient destination options for Cincinnati residents , ” said Andrew C. Levy , Allegiant Travel Company President . “ We are confident the community will appreciate the convenience of flying nonstop to these Florida destinations and the value of bundling their air , hotel and car rental reservation together. ” Allegiant is known as an ultra-low-cost carrier , operating at airports in small cities and flying mainly to warm-weather vacation destinations , mostly across Florida , California and Hawaii . “ We are pleased to add Orlando and Southwest Florida as affordable , convenient destination options for Cincinnati residents , ” said Andrew C. Levy , Allegiant Travel Company President . In addition the company spokeswoman Jessica Wheeler said they were optimistic that launch of passenger service from Portsmouth International Airport at Pease will take place as planned despite administrative delays related to the recent federal government shutdown .
For an entire school year Hillsborough , New Jersey , educators undertook an experiment , asking : Is the iPad really the best device for interactive learning ?
It 's a question that has been on many minds since 2010 , when Apple released the iPad and schools began experimenting with it . The devices came along at a time when many school reformers were advocating to replace textbooks with online curricula and add creative apps to lessons . Some teachers welcomed the shift , which allowed their students to replace old poster-board presentations with narrated screencasts and review teacher-produced video lessons at any time .
Four years later , however , it 's still unclear whether the iPad is the device best suited to the classroom . The market for educational technology is huge and competitive : During 2014 , American K-12 schools will spend an estimated $ 9.94 billion on educational technology , an increase of 2.5 % over last year , according to Joseph Morris , director of market intelligence at the Center for Digital Education . On average , he said , schools spend about a third of their technology budgets on computer hardware .
Meanwhile , the cost of equipment is going down , software is improving , and state policies are driving expectations for technology access . “ It 's really exciting , ” said Douglas Levin , executive director of the State Educational Technology Directors Association , “ but at the same time it 's really challenging for schools to have confidence when they make a decision . ”
iPads have so far been a gadget of choice at both ends of the economic spectrum : in wealthier schools with ample resources and demand from parents , and in low-income schools that receive federal grants to improve student success rates . Last fall , enthusiasm for the Apple device peaked when Los Angeles Unified Schools , the second largest system in the nation , began a rollout out of iPads to every student .
However , the LA district quickly recalled about 2,100 iPads from students . At the end of the school year , leaders announced that schools would instead be allowed to choose from among six different devices , including Chromebooks and hybrid laptop-tablets . LA schools were n't the first to falter : At the beginning of the 2013-2014 school year , Guilford County Schools in North Carolina halted an Amplify tablet program , and Fort Bend , Texas , cancelled its iPad initiative .
Hillsborough took a different approach . During the 2012–2013 school year , the district executed a comparative pilot , giving iPads to 200 kids and Chromebook laptops to an almost equal number . As other schools rushed into programs they would later scrap , Hillsborough took a more cautious approach , hedging its bets and asking educators : How can we get this right ?
* * *
In June 2014 , seventh-graders filed into Jennifer Harmsen 's Hillsborough Middle School social studies class . They sat in a u-shaped forum of desks . Native American artifacts hung on the walls and a world map mural enveloped a corner of the room in blues and greens .
Students pulled Chromebooks from their book bags , opened them , and got to work . They watched a video lesson covering topics like aqueduct architecture and Roman numerals . When they finished , Harmsen directed them to put the devices in “ listening mode , ” and they snapped the lids down .
After receiving teacher and student feedback from the 2012–2013 school year , Hillsborough sold its iPads and will distribute 4,600 Chromebooks by the fall of 2014 . The students in Harmsen 's class had been on Hillsborough 's iPad pilot team , and Harmstead admits she was a little disappointed when the district chose to go with Chromebooks . She said being on the pilot iPad team transformed her classroom approach after 24 years of teaching and made her a digital education advocate . But now that she 's spent a full year using the new device—a pared-down laptop that stores files on the Internet—she agrees with the decision .
Other iPad pilot teachers came to see the benefits of laptop capabilities , too . “ At the end of the year , I was upset that we did n't get the iPads , ” said seventh-grade science teacher Larissa McCann . “ But as soon as I got the Chromebook and the kids started using it , I saw , ‘ Okay , this is definitely much more useful . ' ”
While nobody hated the iPad , by any means , the iPad was edged out by some key feedback , said Joel Handler , Hillsborough 's director of technology . Students saw the iPad as a “ fun ” gaming environment , while the Chromebook was perceived as a place to “ get to work. ” And as much as students liked to annotate and read on the iPad , the Chromebook 's keyboard was a greater perk—especially since the new Common Core online testing will require a keyboard .
Another important finding came from the technology support department : It was far easier to manage almost 200 Chromebooks than the same number of iPads . Since all the Chromebook files live in an online “ cloud , ” students could be up and running in seconds on a new device if their machine broke . And apps could be pushed to all of the devices with just a few mouse clicks .
Hillsborough educators also tend to emphasize collaboration , and they found that Google 's Apps for Education suite—which works on either device—was easier to use collaboratively on Chromebooks .
“ Our goal was [ to find out ] not really which device was better , per se , but which device met the learning goals , ” Handler said .
* * *
Although Hillsborough ended up settling on Chromebooks , the laptop versus tablet debate is far from settled nationwide . The education market is currently split fairly evenly between the two types of devices , said Phil Maddocks , a market analyst at Futuresource Consulting . The laptop market is varied , but iPads account for the vast majority of tablets used in schools .
David Mahaley , a head administrator and active classroom teacher at Franklin Academy in Wake Forest , North Carolina , has had iPads in his classrooms for four years . The AP human geography course he teaches is paperless . His students use the iPad to annotate text , share with other students for collaboration , and even create e-books . He says the device makes his teaching job easier and gives the students more opportunities for digital creativity . He 's encouraged other educators in the Wake Forest school system to use the 1,650 iPads for everything from learning materials to classroom assessments .
“ I do n't own Apple stock or anything like that ; I see the iPad as a great tool that we 've been able to exploit , ” said Mahaley . “ I come at it as a practitioner. ” Still , he acknowledges that different schools have different priorities , and the iPad might not be the best choice for students of every age and learning style . “ You 'll probably never find the answer of what is the right device , ” Mahaley said . “ First you have to ask : What do you want the device to do for your children ? ”
* * *
To make the decision even more complicated , companies are constantly updating their products . In September , Baltimore County , Maryland , will pilot a new hybrid laptop-tablet in 10 elementary schools . Over the last year , teachers and students there have had the chance to experiment with more than a dozen different devices , said Lloyd Brown , director of the information technology department . When Baltimore leaders asked if teachers wanted a tablet or a laptop , the answer was , “ Both . ”
At Hillsborough , the Chromebooks are currently being supplemented by 3,000 Nexus tablets , handed out by Google as part of a new pilot program . Susan Fajen 's fourth-grade classroom is now littered with devices . Students work together in pairs , elbow to elbow , one holding a tablet , the other typing on a laptop .
During the past year , Fajen 's kids used tablets to record their voices for a project on tall tales , and to design parade balloons before making them in papier-mâché . But for word-processing projects , like blogging , the kids took out their laptops . Fajen paused when asked which device was better . “ It 's hard to choose , ” she said .
Money is , of course , a limitation . The Chromebook is the least expensive of the devices in question , with a retail price starting at $ 279 . iPads start at $ 399 . There are many hybrid and convertible tablet/laptops available , but one of the most popular , the Microsoft Surface Pro 3 , starts at $ 799 . And the HP EliteBook Revolve 810 Notebook , chosen by Baltimore County Public Schools , starts at $ 1,299 . That 's almost four and a half times the retail price of a Chromebook , though schools do get bulk purchasing discounts and negotiate with the vendors for cheaper prices .
In Miami-Dade County , Florida , a large urban district with 320,000 students , schools are promoting a “ bring your own device ” model . “ We ca n't keep up with the trends in personal devices , ” said Paul Smith , supervisor of network services . Miami-Dade delayed its technology rollout after hearing of the Los Angeles iPad recall last fall ; this year , it will have provided about 48,000 laptops : Ninth-grade history students will take them home , while seventh-grade civics students will each have a device in class . Some elementary students will have laptops on carts in their classrooms . Still , the system does n't have enough money to give a laptop to every student . So , leaders are urging parents to buy computers and will try to fill any gaps with district-issued devices .
“ We 're doing as much as we can to move it from a school responsibility to home , ” said Debbie Karcher , head of information technology for Miami-Dade County Public Schools . For now , only parents who work within the school system are eligible for credit-union loans to buy devices at the district 's bulk rate pricing . ( About 30 % of Miami-Dade schoolchildren have a mother or father employed by the district . ) But Karcher believes that the declining cost of technology will make money less of an issue for most parents in a relatively short time .
“ If you look back at the calculator , you almost had to be a millionaire to buy the first Texas Instruments , ” Karcher said of the bulky scientific devices once needed in high school math and science classes . “ Now it 's not even a technology we talk about anymore . I kind of see this going the same way . ”
This post originally appeared at The Atlantic . More from our sister site :
This article is part of Quartz Ideas , our home for bold arguments and big thinkers .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
The National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) just released this horrifying animation of how ocean currents may carry all the oil in the Gulf of Mexico . According to their computer modeling of currents and the oil , the spill “ might soon extend along thousands of miles of the Atlantic coast and open ocean as early as this summer . ”
“ I 've had a lot of people ask me , ‘ Will the oil reach Florida ? ' ” says NCAR scientist Synte Peacock in a statement accompanying the animation , which he worked on . “ Actually , our best knowledge says the scope of this environmental disaster is likely to reach far beyond Florida , with impacts that have yet to be understood . ”
The models show oil hitting Florida 's Atlantic coast within a few weeks , then moving north as far as about Cape Hatteras , N.C. , before heading east .
If you appreciate our BP coverage , please consider making a tax-deductible donation .
TOKYO ( AP ) — New York Yankees pitcher Masahiro Tanaka says he wo n't take part in the World Baseball Classic .
Speaking at his former stadium in northeastern Japan on Monday , Tanaka said “ taking various things into consideration , it would be difficult so I will not participate . ”
Tanaka went 14-4 last season with a 3.07 ERA and 165 strikeouts in 31 games .
The 28-year-old righthander was a member of the Japanese team that won the 2009 WBC . The 2017 tournament will be played from March 6-22 .
So far , the only Japanese player from Major League Baseball who has committed to playing in the WBC is Houston Astros outfielder Norichika Aoki .
Japan , which won the inaugural tournament in 2006 , will rely on a team made up of players from Nippon Professional Baseball .
On August 7th , 2012 , the University of Hawaii hosted a wildly misnomered `` Ethics in Education '' event with Michelle Rhee and Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson who both push charter schools , privatization , and attacks on teacher tenure and unions .
On August 7 , 2012 Michelle Rhee and Kevin Johnson spoke at a University of Hawaii event co-sponsored by the William S. Richardson School of Law , and the Shidler College of Business on the topic of `` Ethics in Education '' .
We were as shocked as you are at the title of this event , which approaches a level of surreality that might have caused Andre Breton to do a double , or triple take . Although the event was not billed as a partisan promotion of a specific ideology there were no other presenters or perspectives . The only perspectives on educational ethics the audience of about 200 heard were those of Rhee and her husband , Sacramento Mayor and and former NBA athlete Kevin Johnson .
As we entered the venue , there were notecards and pens for people to write questions on . We suspected immediately , and correctly , that this was a way to weed out questions the moderator did not want Rhee and Johnson to have to deal with . Sure enough , every single question asked at the end of the evening was either framed in a pro-Rhee way , or an anti-union way . For example : `` How can one teacher make a difference in a system protected by the union ? '' And then there was : `` How can we do in Hawaii what was done in Washington D.C. ? '' The latter sent a shudder down our spines , but their answers even more so . Rhee and Johnson noted that in Hawaii , there is only one school district for all public schools , which makes the political structure more conducive to `` aggressive '' reforms . They stated that since Hawaii is `` at the back-end of reforms '' one way to move to the front end would be for Hawaii 's Governor to invite Rhee 's `` Students First '' organization ( as other states ' Republican Governors have done ) to push through reforms . Johnson noted that Hawaii has a strong presence of Teach For America ( TFA ) teachers , ( big round of applause ) which should translate into TFA school board members , principles , and political candidates at `` every key position '' where they could shape policy .
TFA 's concentrated efforts in districts with high drop out rates have only exacerbated the teacher attrition rate in those struggling districts ' schools . TFA programs and their accompanying accelerated teacher preparation programs have received tremendous financial backing from anti-union foundations in Hawai ' i . The majority of TFA candidates are not from Hawai ' i but have a genuine desire to help the poor . Imagine the political climate that manipulates their goal to add TFA experience to their resume , their genuine altruistic notion ( and youthful naiveté ) that a two year commitment in a poor community benefits a struggling school , and their willingness to undermine labor gains made by traditionally licensed teachers . This scenario positions TFA candidates as unknowing union-busters within a neoliberal framework . The Hawaii DOE has guaranteed 80 teaching jobs to TFA candidates , in addition to 32 more Special Education teaching jobs over the next two years . Local teacher candidates who are paying tuition and taking additional education courses in traditional teacher preparation programs at the University of Hawaii , Chaminade University , Brigham Young , Hawaii Pacific University have not been guaranteed jobs within the DOE system , and will be competing for the remaining positions .
Both Johnson and Rhee promoted the anti-union film `` Waiting For Superman . '' When Johnson asked how many in the audience had seen the film , only about 20 of 200 raised their hands . Rhee told the stories of children in the film trying to get into better schools , and how their parents struggled with this , to make the point that vouchers would have paid the needed tuition . This concern over parents ' powerlessness over their children 's educational options led to a promotion for another upcoming film , this one funded by the Walden Foundation ( Walmart ) , called `` Wo n't Back Down . '' This film deals with the `` parent trigger '' in which parents can step in to privatize a failing school ( by NCLB standards ) have the faculty fired and reapply for their positions en masse , or create some other type of charter . No mention was made of the fact that in Los Angeles , it could in reality end with the closure of the community school , nor that chain charter schools actively recruited parents to do this . Sadly missing was any reference to the research that has determined that , although great teachers can make a difference in students lives , the `` teacher effect '' is a relatively small part of student achievement , rendering efforts to blame and punish teachers as the singular or main cause of low student achievement dubious at best , and transparently political at worst . ( See : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=i-ptsrdyxBE & fb_source=message )
Rhee gave several examples of a `` parent trigger '' scenario . One was in Los Angeles , in which the parents were threatened with deportation , although she did not indicate how the teachers or unions would have been behind the threat . In Sacramento , Johnson said there had been a 161 point gap in student achievement between Latino and Black versus White students . He said once the school was chartered the gap vanished , due largely to students , teachers , and parents signing a contract to turn a school around . We were not able to find the documentation of this incredible sounding turn around , but are open to seeing it .
Johnson pointed to several factors for the success of his charter . Teachers could be called at 8 or 9pm to help with homework , and that every party was committed to helping students in any way possible . No one in the audience chafed at the idea of a teacher being on call during any and all of their waking hours , and many were nodding in approval at this idea . Rhee also promoted the idea of teachers being assessed by how many extra-curricular unpaid `` community contribution '' hours they put in , for example , math tutoring after school , coaching a sports team , or other unpaid service after school hours . This would be combined with value added assessments utilizing standardized scores to determine how `` effective '' teachers are . Rhee explained that they had corrected for economic , social , and other aspects that could be factors in why some students did better than others , in order to leave these value added assessments as purely reflective of the effectiveness of teachers . It was never explained how this works , what research backs up their model , or what institutions or studies support their methods .
The moderator , Will Weinstein , who created the `` ethics '' series of which this presentation was a part , fawned over Rhee and Johnson all night long . His sarcasm was apparent whenever he asked a `` tough '' question of the couple . They obviously charmed him and the audience , made up seemingly of law and business students and faculty . This was apparent , when , after about an hour of their promoting union busting , attacks on collective bargaining , and their marveling and wonder at why Republican politicians seem so much more supportive and knowledgeable about their progressive school reforms , Weinstein jokingly asked them why they were `` such right-wing conservatives '' eliciting a ripple of knowing chuckles throughout the audience . They responded that they had been given a bum rap , with Michelle playing the victim of political Democrats who were in bed with unions .
This was a major theme of the evening , the obstruction that unions present to meaningful reform . Johnson gave a powerful telling of his work to convert Sacramento High from a public school a charter . He stated that the unions stepped in to oppose this , spending vast sums of money to fight against it . No context was given as to why , leaving the audience to assume it was because they opposed poor and minority children receiving a quality education . The flip side of the demonization of unions throughout the night was the way in which the actual results of Rhee 's programs were blatantly whitewashed , or barely addressed . No mention of a D.C. test cheating scandal , of the lackluster performances of charter schools , of the billionaires that back up Rhee 's attacks on teacher unions , of the lack of effective teacher training for TFA graduates ( who are assumed to be better than the `` bad '' experienced public school teachers ) , and no mention of the corporate funding of the anti-union films they were promoting . Rhee also promoted the corporate model of merit pay for the `` best '' ( according to flawed assessment models ) teachers , and punishment for the bottom-performing percentile . This corporate model known as `` stack ranking '' or `` rank and yank '' is a perfect example of how Rhee sees schools as indistinguishable from businesses . She and her husband both portrayed themselves as progressive liberals stating that charter schools needed to be heavily regulated and that failing charters needed to be closed . This qualification was obviously too little too late to establish any semblance of `` balance '' in their ideology .
For all their talk of accountability , no one thought to ask them who holds them accountable to prove their claims of miracles , turn-arounds , or the selfish agenda of kid hating unions whose one desire is lifetime tenure . If anyone wrote that question for them , it was not asked .
The night ended with one final anti-union joke when Johnson asked if they were out of time . Weinstein smugly responded that the Moderators Union had called and they had to wrap it up , audience applause .
The authors of this report-back are among the founders of a new annual event called LaborFest Hawaii , a celebration and examination of working class and labor history and current events , and a place where working people can assess present conditions to better organize . Our first event will focus on education with a screening of the Grassroots Education Movement made documentary `` The Inconvenient Truth Behind Waiting for Superman . '' This film is a counter-argument to Davis Guggenheim 's `` Waiting for Superman '' which targeted teacher unions and pushed privatization , charter schools , and the business model of education . Guggenheim advocates the same austerity-based , anti-union , anti-teacher , and ultimately anti-student reform regime championed by Michelle Rhee , Arne Duncan , Bill Gates , and others .
Image copyright AP Image caption Andrew McClinton ( inset ) and the ruins of Hopewell Baptist Church
An arson and vandalism attack last month on an African-American church in Mississippi was carried out by a black member of the congregation , police say .
Andrew McClinton , 45 , was charged over the incident , in which `` Vote Trump '' was also spray-painted , a week before the presidential election .
Police suspect the attack at Hopewell Missionary Baptist Church was staged to make it look like a hate crime .
The news comes as Michigan police found an alleged hate crime to be false .
Police in Ann Arbor said a Muslim student at the University of Michigan fabricated a claim that a man threatened to set her on fire if she did not remove her hijab , a headscarf often worn by Muslim women , on 11 November .
Image copyright AP Image caption Hopewell Missionary Baptist Church has been boarded up since the attack
Following an investigation , police determined she had lied about the incident . The unidentified student could face charges for filing a false report , said officials .
In the Mississippi case , the suspect has a long criminal record .
Mr McClinton was arrested on Wednesday and charged with first-degree arson on a place of worship .
He is due in court on Thursday in Greenville , where the fire occurred on 1 November .
Image copyright AP Image caption Hopewell Bishop Clarence Green . He confirmed Mr McClinton was a congregation member
Mississippi Insurance Commissioner Mike Chaney said : `` We do not believe it was politically motivated .
`` There may have been some efforts to make it appear politically motivated . ''
Hopewell Bishop Clarence Green confirmed that Mr McClinton , who lives about six miles from the church , is a member of the 200-strong congregation .
`` This is the first I have heard of it , '' Mr Green told the Associated Press of the arrest .
Image copyright AP Image caption A GoFundMe page raised more than $ 200,000 for the church
Mississippi department of corrections records show Mr McClinton has a string of convictions dating back to 1991 for grand larceny , receiving stolen property and attempted robbery .
Greenville Mayor Errick D Simmons said : `` There is no place for this heinous and divisive behaviour in our city .
`` We will not rest until the culprit is prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . ''
Last month he called the church burning `` a direct assault on the Hopewell congregation 's right to freely worship '' .
Image copyright AP Image caption The attack stirred up painful memories of church burnings during the Jim Crow era
The fire made national headlines , such as the Atlantic 's `` A Black Church Burned in the Name of Trump '' .
A GoFundMe page raised more than $ 200,000 of donations in two days for the church , but has since been taken down .
The attack stirred up painful memories of church burnings during the Deep South 's Jim Crow era of enforced racial segregation .
Greenville is a predominantly African-American Mississippi River port city and a Democratic bastion in a strongly Republican state .
Church leaders say the structure will probably have to be completely rebuilt .
Driving a robot from Space Station
In two to three years , the experimental robot on Earth will faithfully mimic the movements of an astronaut on the Space Station .
Meet Justin , an android who will soon be controlled remotely by the astronauts in ESA 's Columbus laboratory on the International Space Station . With this and other intriguing experiments like the Eurobot rover , ESA is paving the way for exploring the Moon and planets with tele-operated robots .
To help turn robotics and telepresence into a standard tool for space missions , ESA is linking the Space Station and Earth for remotely controlling terrestrial robotic experiments from the orbital outpost .
By wearing an exoskeleton wearable robot – a combination of arm and glove with electronic aids to reproduce the sensations a human hand would feel – a distant operator can work as though he were there .
... from the Space Station This Meteron ( Multi-purpose End-To-End Robotic Operations Network ) initiative is a testbed for future missions to the Moon , Mars and other celestial bodies . “ The Space Station is the perfect orbital platform to simulate very realistic scenarios for human exploration , ” says Kim Nergaard , ESA 's Meteron ground segment and operations manager . “ First we have to set up a robust communication architecture , establish an operations system and define a protocol to allow astronauts , robots and our ESA control centre to work efficiently together . This is not as easy a task as it seems . ”
Many ideas around Working on Meteron ESA called earlier this year for new ideas for the Space Station to be used as a testbed for exploration missions . Many proposals called for operating ground-based robots from a workstation on the Station . “ The multitude of submissions shows the strength of the idea , ” comments Philippe Schoonejans , ESA 's Head of Robotics in the Human Spaceflight and Operations directorate .
Communications test robot `` This allows ESA to take into account all suggested experiments and give opportunities to the countries , companies and institutes who have shown their interest by submitting the idea . '' `` Meteron is suitable for early realisation because it can exploit the existing infrastructure and technologies without requiring huge investments , '' explains François Bosquillon de Frescheville , responsible for ESA future human exploration mission operations concepts studies , whose idea triggered the programme .
First a rover , then an android Eurobot prototype In the first Meteron tests , the Station astronauts will operate ESA 's Eurobot prototype from a computer equipped with special screens and a joystick . This prototype is a four-wheel rover with two arms , an advanced navigation system , cameras and sensors that has been under testing since 2008 at the Agency 's ESTEC space research and technology centre in the Netherlands .
Christer Fuglesang works with Exoskeleton In the next phase , the engineers will allow astronauts to control a robot with the sense of force and ‘ touch ' . It can be connected to robots like Justin , developed by the DLR German Aerospace Center . “ With these senses , the astronauts will have a real feeling of the forces that the arms of the robots are experiencing in their environment , ” explains André Schiele , in charge of ESA 's Telerobotics & Haptics Laboratory .
Curren $ y and Big K.R.I.T . are up to somethin . ' On Thursday ( Feb. 2 ) , Spitta and Krizzle hinted at a new joint project called Lacs N Chevys .
The New Orleans and Meridian , Miss . rappers , respectively , previewed the upcoming collaboration in an Instagram video . `` But I 'm down to do it with you , bro , '' Curren $ y says in the clip , which can be viewed below . `` A Cadillac and a '64 Impala on stage . ''
Spitta and K.R.I.T . have worked together a bunch in the past for tracks including `` Jet Life , '' `` Moon & Stars '' Remix and , most recently , for Lloyd Banks ' song `` Change Lanes . '' There are no details on a release date for Lacs N Chevys just yet , but Spitta pretty much confirmed the project will happen by adding the Instagram caption , `` And so the project was born ..... 'Lacs n Chevys . ' ''
As aforementioned , you can peep the IG clip below . In other Curren $ y-related news , the Crescent City rhymer has been on an absolute tear over the past year , releasing music non-stop for his diehard fans . His latest project is a six-track EP called Jetlanta . He also has a joint project called Fetti on the way with Freddie Gibbs .
Meanwhile , K.R.I.T . has been hard at work , too . In October , he hit the studio with none other than Nas . In November , he teamed up with Bilal for their `` Pleasure Toy '' music video . More recently , he linked up with Lupe Fiasco and Rick Ross for a hot new record called `` Tranquillo . ''
Recently Mike McKinley and Tim Challies both wrote articles which argued that young people , particularly men , should choose to be attracted primarily to a potential spouse 's spiritual beauty rather than physical beauty . I really respect both of these guys , love their gospel work , and usually agree with them , but as a pastor , both of these articles made me nervous . They made me nervous for two reasons .
First , the articles do n't fully appreciate the place of physical attraction in scripture . Yes , scripture is clear that in a marriage relationship , character is more important than physical attraction . But physical attraction matters . When Adam first laid eyes on Eve , there was a definite physical attraction . There was a flash of affection when he first laid eyes on her . He loved what he saw . When Adam saw Eve he burst into praise :
Then the man said , This at last is bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh ; she shall be called Woman , because she was taken out of Man. ? ( Genesis 2:23 ESV )
The Song of Solomon devotes chapter upon chapter to describing the physical attraction between a man and woman . Song of Solomon 1:9-10 says :
I compare you , my love , to a mare among Pharaoh 's chariots . Your cheeks are lovely with ornaments , your neck with strings of jewels .
Just a few verses later Solomon says to his spouse :
Behold , you are beautiful , my love ; behold , you are beautiful ; your eyes are doves . ( Song of Solomon 1:15 )
Solomon clearly delights in the physical beauty of his bride . He does n't go on and on about her quiet spirit and devotion to God , as important as those things are . He is enraptured by her beauty . He is magnetically drawn to her appearance , and ca n't stop thinking about her . Throughout scripture there is an underlying assumption that a man will be physically and spiritually attracted to a woman .
If a young man came to me , and said he was thinking about a particular girl , I would ask him two questions :
Is she godly ? If yes , proceed to question number two . Do you think she is attractive ?
If he answered “ no ” to number two , I would counsel him to pause , and pray , and wait before pursuing the relationship . I would n't want to press him into a relationship based solely on spiritual attraction , and then later have him feeling trapped in the relationship . Scripture is clear that spiritual character is most important when considering a potential spouse , but physical attraction also plays a significant part .
This leads me to a second , pastoral concern , regarding these articles . As a pastor , I 've seen difficult marriages in which one spouse felt pressured into marriage , even though they were n't particularly attracted to their spouse . Basing a relationship primarily on spiritual attraction creates unhelpful , hyper-spiritual pressure in relationships . It creates an unsaid , unbiblical rule that only reason a relationship can end is for spiritual causes .
Yes , our idea of beauty has been distorted by media and pornography , and this should be a topic of conversation when considering any relationship . But we ca n't dismiss the ideas of beauty and attraction all together .
A husband and wife should be spiritually compatible AND physically attracted to each other . This does n't mean that the man or woman is a supermodel . Beauty is fleeting , and charm is deceitful , which is why we do n't make those things the primary factors in a relationship . But God created us as both spiritual and physical beings . We are not sexless , spiritual beings . God made us to have flesh and blood . He created us to be attracted to the opposite sex .
If you are considering entering into a relationship , consider both the spiritual aspect and the physical aspect . Do n't let your values be determined by media or pornography , let them be determined by scripture . Find a beautiful , attractive spouse , who loves Jesus .
Terminal Beta
i was at my local where i saw a friend of mine . he 's about 28 , has a successful business , makes VERY good money , and is relatively good looking . in all honesty , he 's a pretty aggreable guy . well , he has a new girlfriend . she 's 26 , recently divorced , tounge ring , 2 kids , and she 's a waitress at chili 's . looks wise , she 's a soft 7 hard 6 ; i 've only seen her when she 's done with work , so i ca n't place too much on her looks .
when she went to the restroom i asked him what his plans were with her . apparently he 's thinking LTR .
* sigh *
i did n't even bother pointing out the obvious even though he KNOWS about my blog and it 's subject matter . he asked me what i thought about her and i just pointed out what i wrote about her above and followed with , “ sounds like a winner. ” he actually smiled and said he has high hopes with her .
high hopes with a woman that dropped her hubby , has a shitty job , and 2 kids . yeah . fuck- sure , LTR- you 're out of your fucking mind . like i 'm going to be saddled up with miss “ shitty life choices ” princess . and he was sucking up to her like a good little pup .
i saw them the next evening and i stayed the hell away .
and guys are “ manning up ” like this all the time . it pisses me off because it makes shit more difficult for guys that are red-pill schooled . i have to deconstruct her entitled ass and make sure she get 's back down to earth . and to be honest , i 'm getting sick of it .
then again , i guess some idiot has to rescue these used up women , but it wo n't be Danny . i can usually read these women within 2 minutes of meeting them . and i avoid them like the plague . most of the time , they are n't even worth the bang .
but to beta 's , these women are gems . so sad .
stay up .
If it seems self-serving to keep demonstrating our consistency on the issues we cover , it 's perhaps only because so many people have sought with such fervor to discredit me ( and by extension , the other fine writers here at 1P5 ) on all things Francis . ( The post I 'm about to link , incidentally , is worth a re-read just for the documentation of scorn we were receiving at the time for saying that what has now happened was going to happen . )
It has been my contention all along that if you only are willing to see what is right before your eyes , things will suddenly shift into focus . For example , as I wrote in April of this year in a post entitled , Pope Francis Did n't Change Doctrine ( and Other True Stories ) :
If the title of this post is all you want to hear about Amoris Laetitia , then kudos to you , because it 's true ! He did n't change doctrine . Never could . Never will . Of course , he absolutely gutted pastoral application and guidance on the doctrine on sin and marriage to the point that he made them both virtually unrecognizable . He accomplished this , as usual , through a subjective , relativistic approach to truth by way of “ conscience ” and “ discernment. ” The so-called “ Kasper Proposal ” is , as it turns out , actually the Francis Proposal . It appears , in fact , that Kasper was telling the truth all along . “ I 'm not naïve , ” Kasper said . “ I knew that there are other positions , but I did n't think that the debate would become , and now is shown to be also , without manners. ” “ Not one of my fellow Cardinals ever spoke to me . I , instead , [ spoke ] twice with the Holy Father . I agreed upon everything with him . He was in agreement . What can a cardinal do , except be with Pope ? I am not the target , the target is another one. ” Kasper again claimed that Pope Francis knew what he was going to propose and fully approved of his speech . “ They know that I have not done these things by myself , ” he said . “ I agreed with the Pope , I spoke twice with him . He showed himself content [ with the proposal ] . Now , they create this controversy . A Cardinal must be close to the Pope , by his side . The Cardinals are the Pope 's cooperators . ”
Of course , this has been obvious from the beginning . But now , despite certain notable holdouts who are literally setting what little credibility they have left on fire by their continued attempts to spin this , we see others who have been reticent finally swallowing that red pill they 've clearly had in their cheek for a while but just were n't quite ready to commit to . People like Robert Royal , who writes today :
So now we know . We knew before , really , but did n't have explicit confirmation . The long , agonizing slog , however , is finally over : from Pope Francis ' invitation to Cardinal Kasper to address the bishops in Rome in February of 2014 to the pope 's letter last week to some Argentinean bishops affirming guidelines they had developed in a joint document that , in “ exceptional cases , ” people divorced and remarried ( living in an “ adulterous ” relationship as we believed for 2000 years in Western Christianity ) , may receive Holy Communion . This whole affair is bizarre . No other word will do . As I wrote on this page many times before the two Synods on the Family , daily during those events , and subsequently , it was clear – at least to me – that the pope wanted his brother bishops to approve some form of what came to be known as the Kasper Proposal . That he did not get such approval – indeed , that he got significant pushback from bishops from various parts of the globe – visibly angered him , and even led him into a bit of snark at the close of the second Synod , that some opinions had “ at times ” been expressed there , “ unfortunately , not in entirely well-meaning ways. ” [ … ] In the Church 's 2000-year history – a history of apostles , martyrs , confessors , great saints , brilliant doctors , profound mystics – none thought this new teaching Catholic . Some even died to defend the indissolubility of marriage . For a pope to criticize those who remain faithful to that tradition , and characterize them as somehow unmerciful and as aligning themselves with hard-hearted Pharisees against the merciful Jesus is bizarre . I 've lived long enough in Washington and spent sufficient time in Rome not to trust what a journalist says some leader – secular or religious – told him in private . But I 'm convinced that when Eugenio Scalfari – the eccentric editor of La Repubblica , the socialist paper in Rome the pope reads daily – said that Francis told him he would allow all who come to receive Communion , he may not have gotten the words exactly right . But he caught the drift .
That last bit may also sound familiar . I dissected the use of Scalfari to disseminate Francis ' most unorthodox stalking horses here , back in November of 2015 . And again , more than an “ I told you so , ” this serves as proof that the handwriting was not just on the wall , it was clearly legible . It was always a matter of willingness to see it . For what it 's worth , I 'm glad to have someone of Royal 's pedigree on the side of unvarnished and unpopular truth . And he is n't pulling punches ( except maybe using “ bizarre ” where “ evil ” would be more appropriate . ) Royal continues :
Indeed , Catholics have a new teaching now , not only on divorce and remarriage . We have a new vision of the Eucharist . It 's worth recalling that in January the pope , coyly , not ruling it out , suggested to a group of Lutherans in Rome that they , too , should “ talk with the Lord ” and “ go forward. ” Indeed , they later took Communion at Mass in the Vatican . In a way , that was even more significant . A Catholic couple , divorced and remarried , are sinners , but – at least in principle – still Catholic . Has intercommunion with non-Catholic Christians also been decided now without any consultation – almost as if such a momentous step in understanding the Sacrament of Unity hardly matters ?
Need I provide another reference point ? I will anyway – this one also from November of last year :
Why am I speaking here about Communion for the divorced and remarried when the topic is Communion for Lutherans ? Because it 's all of a piece . 1 Corinthians 11:28 makes it clear how we must approach Holy Communion : “ Examine yourselves , and only then eat of the bread and drink of the cup. ” What Francis , Kasper , and others have been advocating is the idea that this examination is not necessary . That rather than being fearful that we “ eat and drink judgment ( or condemnation ) against ” ourselves if we receive the Eucharist unworthily , we should see it as the very means by which we may be strengthened on our “ journey. ” This is an outrageous form of utilitarianism , in which we use God — our first beginning and final end — to accomplish some other , lesser thing . If our worthiness to receive Him is treated as a matter of no importance , how can this be viewed as anything other than elevating the concerns of man — and man himself — above God ? Of course , this sort of humanism might produce other indicators – say , excessive concern for the material well-being of the poor , distribution of resources , or care for the environment – over and above concern for the salvation of souls . We are at a point where it becomes almost impossible to believe that Pope Francis is doing these things by accident . His ideology is interwoven with Catholic belief , but it also works at cross-purposes with it . Statements like the one made to the Lutheran woman above , or the stalking horses floated to the media through surrogates like Scalfari , indicate that he feels constrained by the limits of his office in accomplishing his agenda . One priest — one of the new “ Missionaries of Mercy ” no less — recently issued an open letter to Pope Francis , warning him that if he continues to try to move against the doctrines of the Church , God will stop him , and he will “ either die or be incapacitated , much as Pope Sixtus V dropped dead before he could accomplish his own will on a matter also touching on marriage and divorce… ” And yet , all appearances are that Francis is too clever to try something like that . Instead , he 's figured out how to beat the limitations placed on him by papal infallibility . His method never violates the letter of the law , while savaging it in spirit . He does not invite the enemy in , he merely opens all the doors in the enemy 's full view .
It is a strange feeling to find myself in unexpected company on these observations , but a good one . Royal 's final sentence is , I think , a bracing dose of reality for what comes now :
I say this in sorrow , but I 'm afraid that the rest of this papacy is now going to be rent by bands of dissenters , charges of papal heresy , threats of – and perhaps outright –schism . Lord , have mercy .
We 've been watching this beast slouching toward us from a long way off . It is now upon us .
Just last month , Robert Durst , center of the HBO docuseries The Jinx , pleaded not guilty to the murder of Susan Berman back in 2000 . However , Durst was arrested after said to himself wearing his microphone during what he thought was a private moment , `` You 're caught ... What the hell did I do ? Killed them all , of course . '' So why the hell would Durst agree to be in a show that ultimately strongly implied his guilt ? Apparently , the answer is meth .
According to The Los Angeles Times , a transcript of a 2015 interview reveals Durst saying that he went on the show because `` I was on meth the whole time . ''
Durst , who is currently serving a seven-year sentence , told prosecutors :
`` It should have been obvious . I think the reason I did it had to be because I was swooped , speeding . ''
Well , that 's certainly a creative and new reason to not do drugs .
( H/T The Los Angeles Times )
The Guardian today launched Open Platform , a service that will allow partners to reuse theguardian.com content and data for free and weave it `` into the fabric of the internet '' .
Open Platform launched with two separate content-sharing services , which will allow users to build their own applications in return for carrying Guardian advertising .
A content application programming interface ( API ) will smooth the way for web developers to build applications and services using Guardian content , while a Data Store will contain datasets curated by Guardian editors and open for others to use .
Emily Bell , the Guardian News & Media director of digital content , described Open Platform as a `` new chapter in our history and a new foundation for the future of our journalism '' .
She said that Open Platform would allow Guardian content `` to be woven into the fabric of the internet '' as people outside the organisation saw the value of adding Guardian content to their projects .
The Cass Sculpture Foundation is using the service to add Guardian articles about British artists to its site .
Other partners for the launch of the service include web design firm Stamen and OpenStreetMap , a free , open alternative to commercial map data services . Stamen and OpenStreetMap developed a service that they hope will encourage Guardian readers to `` geo-tag '' the newspaper 's content , positioning every article , video and picture on a map so users can find news , commentary , video and other content related to their area .
The Guardian experimented with geo-location during last year 's US presidential election , and hopes the project will help add location information to its vast archive of content .
The other part of Open Platform , the Data Store , provides statistics and data curated by Guardian editors . The Guardian has always collected statistics and data , but traditionally this data has appeared in the newspaper or appeared in a table on a Guardian website . Now , these statistics will be made available for anyone to use .
The Data Store launched with 80 data sets from trusted sources , including figures on child poverty in England and world carbon emissions by country . Simon Rogers , news editor , graphics , at the Guardian , will highlight some of the data sets in a Datablog , suggesting ways that the sets could be combined , or mashed up . It will also be a place where the Guardian highlights some of the best projects from its partners .
The Guardian content API will initially include only written articles from Guardian and Observer staff and freelances to whose work the Guardian has rights .
The BBC launched a developer network , Backstage , in 2005 . Backstage provides summary feeds from the BBC news and sports sites , weather data and programming data from its radio and television channels . The developer network encourages developers to `` use our stuff to build your stuff '' .
The Guardian is positioning its Open Platform as a commercial venture , requiring partners to carry its advertising as part of its terms and conditions , while BBC Backstage states clearly that its proposition is for individual developers designers and not for `` big corporates '' .
Some parts of the Open Platform have yet to be finalised , and the network was described as a `` beta trial '' , a programming term for software ready for testing but not ready for final release . Both the content API and the Data Store are available for free , but the Guardian has plans to create an advertising network .
Matt McAlister , the head of Guardian Developer Network , said : `` We 're looking forward to seeing how our partners use Guardian content across the internet . We want them to take our content and to be more successful because they have partnered with us . These partnerships are key to Guardian News & Media 's long-term open strategy . ''
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor @ mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 . For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly `` for publication '' .
A mob in a Dhanbad village tied a 26-year-old mentally ill man to a tree and assaulted him on Wednesday believing that he was a cattle thief , according to the police , which rescued the victim .
The attack comes within months of a spate of mob killings in Jharkhand where at least seven people were lynched over rumours that they were child abductors .
On Wednesday , Afroz , from Wasseypur , was apparently seen with three cows and the suspects took him to be a cattle thief .
“ He is not a cattle-smuggler , neither did he intend to steal the cows . The villagers saw him with three cows and jumped to the conclusion that he was stealing them , ” said East Basuria OP in-charge Premchandra Hansda , adding that the attack was sparked from a rumour .
Due to his mental disorder , he failed to speak in his defence when the villagers accused him of stealing cows , possibly for slaughter , he said .
Police said the attackers were not part of so-called gau rakshaks – vigilante groups that have killed and assaulted several people in different parts of the country to protect cows .
Cow is considered sacred by the Hindus , and its slaughter and smuggling has been in focus since the electoral successes of Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's Bharatiya Janata Party .
In Jharkhand , there have been at least three instances in the last month when mobs have attacked Muslim men for allegedly stealing or transporting cattle and beef .
Police said Afroz sustained injuries on his head , back , feet and neck , and is doing fine after first aid . They said Afroz is mentally unwell and was being treated at Ranchi Institute of Neuro-psychiatry and Allied Sciences ( RINPAS ) for at least five years .
“ It was an incident of mob rage . Villagers here are often very strict with people who pose to be a threat to their cattle , ” said investigating officer Hansda .
Fearing the incident may snowball into a communal confrontation , police have put a scanner on social media use in the area since the incident .
Giridih , less than 45km from Dharjori village , simmered in communal tension hours before the assault on Afroz .
First Published : Jul 19 , 2017 19:39 IST
CALGARY – RCMP have recovered human remains that they 've identified as 32-year-old Nicholas Lush .
RCMP located the human remains in the Longview area on Monday , and the Calgary Medical Examiner 's Officer identified the remains late on Wednesday afternoon .
Cochrane RCMP have charged two Calgary men with the murder of 32-year-old Nicholas Lush .
Lush was reported missing after disappearing late last month ; he was last seen leaving a Springbank house party in the early morning hours of Sunday , March 29th .
That same morning , a motorist witnessed an assault taking place at an overpass west of Calgary .
On Monday , police announced they had charged 24-year-old Cody Kenneth Bauer and 22-year-old Kristopher Goerzen with first-degree murder .
Police arrested both men in Cranbrook on Sunday .
FAMILY STRUGGLES WITH LOSS
A family friend said Denise Lush had the difficult task of telling her three children their father was n't coming home .
“ She is a rock , ” said Dana Heald .
“ She 's been really amazing of course she has had to hold it together for her kids ' sake . ”
“ She has her moments – it feels very unreal to her at times . ”
“ This is the worst outcome we could possibly imagine . This is heartbreaking and has devastated the family , ” added Heald .
COURT DATES SCHEDULED
The family said he knew the two accused through a cousin .
Goerzen is scheduled to appear in Cochrane Provincial Court on April 14th , while Bauer is scheduled to appear on April 21st .
Fresh off a genuinely epic fail at the Comedy Central roast of Donald Trump , America 's national shame , The Situation , rejoined his sickbros of Jersey Shore for a street brawl with the heroes of Dragon Ball Z . Perhaps inspired by the endlessly bizarre hairstyles of DJ Pauly D. and Snooki , the CollegeHumor crew animated a surprisingly hilarious short that more than justifies its own ridiculous existence - something the cast of Jersey Shore has yet to do .
Because the men of Jersey Shore are chivalrous to a fault , they challenge the Z Warriors to a fight after Son Goku accidentally mistakes Snooki for the terrible Majin Buu .
The `` guido gorilla juiceheads '' manage to hold their own against the Super Saiyans , perhaps due to mutations from too much fake tanning . Krillin 's destructo-disc are repurposed as plasma-vinyls by DJ Pauly D. , whose sick house beatz compell Vegeta to fist-pump in a truly ghastly manner . And of course , the repugnantly pickle-obsessed Snooki mistakes green-skinned Piccolo for a scrumptious `` pickle monster '' .
CollegeHumor 's clip ends with a shout out to what is easily the most enduring Dragon Ball Z-inspired meme , which itself is the inspiration for the single greatest prank every played on anyone since Xenu deposited our souls here so many years ago .
[ Via CollegeHumor ]
Last weekend major UK Internet providers added several domain names to the piracy blocklist . The new entries are proxies and mirrors of previously blocked sites including Torrentz and ExtraTorrent . Countering the new measures , ExtraTorrent has already launched a brand-new mirror site .
Over the past several years more than 100 websites have been blocked in the UK for facilitating copyright infringement , and this list is getting longer and longer .
The blocks are somewhat effective , at least in preventing subscribers from accessing the domains directly . However , there are plenty of alternative routes people can use instead .
So-called reverse proxies are among the most used workarounds . These websites give people access to the blocked domains and effectively bypass the restrictions put in place by the court .
The media companies who demanded the blockades are not happy with these proxies and they instruct ISPs to add these to the blocklist as well .
Over the past few days several proxies were added , including torrentz-proxy.com , torrentsmirror.com , etproxy.com , extratorrentlive.com and extratorrentonline.com .
As with previous additions the newly blocked domains are covered by the High Court order , which provides copyright holders with the option to continually update the list of infringing domains .
The main domains of both Torrentz and Extratorrent were already blocked in 2013 , after the BPI obtained a High Court order . The music group confirmed to TF that the latest blocks were added as an update .
“ The High Court has declared that ExtraTorrent and Torrentz are operating unlawfully and infringing copyright . The Court Order which requires ISPs to block the sites also requires BPI to notify the ISPs of changes to the sites , ” a BPI spokesperson says .
The BPI could not provide us with more details on which domains were included in this latest update , but it appears that all major proxy and mirror sites are covered .
As expected , the new blocks are only partially effective . ExtraTorrent informs us that they 've become quite experienced at coming up with new ‘ proxies ' and mirrors .
This is not limited to the UK , but also happens in Qatar , the United Arab Emirates , China and elsewhere . After the UK blocked the proxies a few days ago traffic dropped , but not for long . A new alternative , etmirror.com , quickly took up the slack .
“ The connectivity issues were totally solved after we launched a new mirror . It appears that all UK visitors are able to visit the website now as the traffic is back and still growing , ” the ExtraTorrent teams tells TF .
And so the whack-a-mole continues , with copyright holders adding new domains to the blocklists , and site owners hopping from domain to domain .
—
The full list of sites to be blocked in the UK is now as follows ( not including proxies and mirrors ) :
Rojadirecta , LiveTV , Drakulastream , Ebookee , LibGen , Freshwap , AvaxHome , Bookfi , Bookre , Freebookspot , popcorntime.io , flixtor.me , popcorn-time.se , isoplex.isohunt.to , watchonlineseries.eu , axxomovies.org , afdah.com , g2g.fm , Bursalagu , Fullsongs , Mega-Search , Mp3 Monkey , Mp3.li , Mp3Bear , MP3Boo , Mp3Clan , Mp3Olimp , MP3s.pl , Mp3soup , Mp3Truck , Musicaddict , My Free MP3 , Plixid , RnBXclusive , STAFA Band , watchseries.lt , Stream TV , Watchseries-online , Cucirca , Movie25 , watchseries.to , Iwannawatch , Warez BB , Ice Films , Tehparadox , Heroturko , Scene Source , , Rapid Moviez , Iwatchonline , Los Movies , Isohunt , Torrentz.pro , Torrentbutler , IP Torrents , Sumotorrent , Torrent Day , Torrenting , BitSoup , TorrentBytes , Seventorrents , Torrents.fm , Yourbittorrent , Tor Movies , Demonoid , torrent.cd , Vertor , Rar BG , bittorrent.am , btdigg.org , btloft.com , bts.to , limetorrents.com , nowtorrents.com , picktorrent.com , seedpeer.me , torlock.com , torrentbit.net , torrentdb.li , torrentdownload.ws , torrentexpress.net , torrentfunk.com , torrentproject.com , torrentroom.com , torrents.net , torrentus.eu , torrentz.cd , torrentzap.com , vitorrent.org.Megashare , Viooz , Watch32 , Zmovie , Solarmovie , Tubeplus , Primewire , Vodly , Watchfreemovies , Project-Free TV , Yify-Torrents , 1337x , Bitsnoop , Extratorrent , Monova , Torrentcrazy , Torrentdownloads , Torrentreactor , Torrentz , Ambp3 , Beemp3 , Bomb-mp3 , Eemp3world , Filecrop , Filestube , Mp3juices , Mp3lemon , Mp3raid , Mp3skull , Newalbumreleases , Rapidlibrary , EZTV , FirstRowSports , Download4all , Movie2K , KickAssTorrents , Fenopy , H33T and The Pirate Bay .
Kim Dotcom and his co-defendants have filed an appeal to the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals , arguing that the long list of property that was seized under American civil forfeiture was done so improperly .
Last month , a New Zealand court found in favor of the Megaupload founder 's attempt to halt the American government forfeiture of his New Zealand-held assets .
The decision by the High Court of New Zealand , Auckland Registry essentially found that because Dotcom lost the United States civil forfeiture case by default judgment in March 2015—and New Zealand law did not recognize such a concept—that his assets should not be handed over . In recent months , the American government has tried to work with its New Zealand counterparts to have this forfeiture enforced .
“ Fugitive disentitlement ” posits that if a defendant has fled the country to evade prosecution , he or she can not make a claim to the assets that the government wants to seize under civil forfeiture . But as the Dotcom legal team claims , the US can not use its legal system to seize assets abroad , nor can Dotcom be considered a fugitive if he has never set foot in the United States .
“ The [ Department of Justice ] in our view is trying to abuse the Fugitive Disentitlement Doctrine by modifying it into an offensive weapon of asset forfeiture to punish those who fight extradition under lawful treaties , and a provocation for international discord , ” Dotcom 's chief global counsel , Ira Rothken , wrote in a Wednesday statement . “ Today we ask the Court of Appeals for justice . ”
As Dotcom 's lawyers write in the appeal :
For starters , this Court 's precedent makes control over the defendant property a prerequisite to exercising in rem jurisdiction , and the district court lacked control over this foreign property . Further , the Claimants are foreign citizens and residents who would not be in the United States regardless of the criminal case . Yet , relying on both a misreading of §2466 's intent requirement and an improper assessment of an undeveloped evidentiary record , the court held that Claimants ' intent necessarily was “ to avoid prosecution. ” Finally , even if these hurdles could be overcome , allowing the government to seize Claimants ' property without an adversarial hearing would be unconstitutional . Claimants have been convicted of no crime ; they are asserting established procedural and substantive rights abroad ; and the government has never proved that their property should be forfeited .
In the US civil forfeiture case , which was brought 18 months after the initial criminal charges brought against Dotcom and Megaupload , prosecutors sought to seize an extensive list of seized assets , including millions of dollars in various seized bank accounts in Hong Kong and New Zealand , multiple cars , four jet skis , the Dotcom mansion , several luxury cars , two 108-inch TVs , three 82-inch TVs , a $ 10,000 watch , and a photograph by Olaf Mueller worth over $ 100,000 .
It 's been a strange but wonderful week for my sister , Elsa García . Of course there is the excitement of being in London and competing in the Olympic Games , and representing our country , Mexico . And then there was the unexpected reaction to her choice of music in competition . You see , my sister is the gymnast who performed to The Legend of Zelda 's theme on Wednesday .
Elsa did n't make it to the final rounds because of a last-minute injury to both hands that kept her from competing at her best . But even if she could n't collect hearts or gems or get a healing potion to refill her health bar , gamers ' tweets of support and the stories about her music choice have definitely made it a memorable time for her .
The overwhelming energy from the gaming community is n't something she was expecting . Overnight she went from the best gymnast Mexico has ever had to poster child for blending beautiful athleticism and awesome video game soundtrack music .
`` I 'm surprised that so many people have recognized the song , '' she said to me . `` It 's a win-win situation . I like the fact that gamers want more people to recognize beautiful game soundtracks and I want more people to get involved in gymnastics . ''
Advertisement
Choosing her music was part of a long love affair Elsa has with using official soundtracks for her floor exercise . The music of the films Chicago , Chocolat and The Counterfeiters have all been part of her floor routines , but this is the first time that she chose music from a video game . I always try to help chose her music , but for the most part my eclectic suggestions make her laugh and get cast aside . This time it was different .
`` This year I asked for my sister 's help , because I was looking for a change of music for my floor routine and I wanted it to be something really special and different , '' she said .
Advertisement
After playing different versions of songs from Star Wars , Star Trek and Cirque du Soleil , some weird guitar and classical-techno versions , I was about to give up . I played Lindsey Sterling 's `` Zelda Medley '' for her as a last resort . She loved it .
`` At first I did n't recognize it but it sounded so familiar , '' she said . `` Then it kinda grew on me and I loved the violin interpretation and how I could work my gymnastics styling with that kind of music . ''
I pointed out it was music from the game that had taken up so many hours of our childhood and I saw her face light up with a huge smile through Skype .
Advertisement
`` I thought of Link running around through the forest , mountains , caves , and how agile he is , it was funny to think that I was doing something similar but in my own way , '' Elsa said . `` I liked what it reminded me of : the whole concept of never giving up on my quest . ''
And she did n't . With bruised and swollen fingers , Elsa performed her floor exercise beautifully and made her country ( and Koji Kondo , the original composer of the Zelda theme ) proud . It was a beautiful salute to a generation that grew up accompanying Link and Navi in their adventures .
As a world-class athlete , training eight hours a day has n't allowed her to enjoy video games as much as she would like , but they have always been a constant part of her life .
Advertisement
In uniform for the Olympics .
When we were young , our father would let us play his old Intellivision . We would spend long hours over the weekend playing Dungeons & Dragons or Snafu , a snake game that later became popular on 1990s cell phones .
Advertisement
Playing video games was a family activity because we are the only girls in a group of six cousins , four of them boys , who loved gaming . They were masters of racing games , shooting games and action-packed adventures so we had to learn how to play ( and sometimes beat them ) or be left out of the fun .
In primary school we begged our parents for a Super Nintendo of our own . Oh , happy days ! We would lose ourselves playing Mario Kart , The Lion King , Toy Story , Maui Malard ( yes we loved Disney games ) and even a bit of Smash Bros . ( Editor 's Note : After checking with Laura , it became clear that she and Elsa played Smash Bros. on the Nintendo 64 . The story now reflects this information . ) By this time , Elsa had already started to choose her path as a gymnast . But in between training sessions or over weekends , we could still chill out just us or with friends and have a fierce round of Mario Kart .
By the time the Nintendo 64 came out , we had worn out our little Super Nintendo and opted for a change . We played Smash Bros on it . But there was the one game we attempted to play through to the end : The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time . With the help of our cousins who talked us through levels when we were stuck , we eventually completed it . We loved running through Kokiri forest with Navi flying around , learning new tunes to play with the ocarina and eventually defeating Ganondorf .
Advertisement
Elsa had to focus more on her training as time went by , but we always found time to sit for a couple of rounds of Mario Kart or move forward a level in Zelda . We also discovered a funny little farming game called Harvest Moon and devoted hours to building our farm , tending to our cattle , rebuilding our house and growing weird types of produce .
After our time with the Nintendo 64 , Elsa devoted her life to gymnastics . She was driven to become the best and to represent Mexico at the Olympic Games . This was obviously a time consuming goal , but even then , gaming was not completely out of her life . Being an international gymnast requires a lot of travel , and my sister got a Nintendo DS . Games would help time go faster while she waited for a plane or in between workout sessions .
Advertisement
For 12 years , she has made gymnastics her life and it has definitely paid off . She has won 37 gold medals in the Mexican National Olympics . She was the youngest ever to win the All Around title in the Central American and Caribbean Games in 2002 , a title she defended in 2006 . Between 2007 and 2009 , she won 12 World Cup Medals . In 2009 , she was the only Mexican gymnast ever to be honored with the prestigious Longines Prize , awarded for being the `` most elegant gymnast in the world '' .
The toughest part of her training is getting up each day in the morning . Being an Olympic gymnast is a full time job . It starts with a morning training session from 8 a.m. to noon , then it 's off to physical therapy for sore muscles and maybe a quick round of Mario Kart on the DS while she waits .
After that , she heads home for some food and rest and leaves again by 4 p.m. to train until 7 or 8 . She 's so tired when she gets done she practically collapses on her bed to rest up for the next day and start it all over again .
Advertisement
Elsa García Rodriguez Blancas made lots of fans with video gamers when she chose a violin arrangement of the Legend of Zelda theme for her floor exercise music . Her sister , Laura , recommended it .
`` Gymnastics is a sport where we strive for perfection in every movement , '' she says . `` So we have to do our skills over and over again until they are close to perfect , because there´s always something we can be better . ''
Advertisement
This has been her life : long hard hours , painful injuries , bad press , good press , competitions , travelling , interviews , commercials , videos , speaking engagements , medal ceremonies . All in a day 's work .
Now , her iPod Touch and iPhone go wherever she goes . Angry Birds and Plants vs. Zombies helps take the edge off or forget about the pain if she is physical therapy for an injury .
Lately , her boyfriend ( a runner competing in the 200 meters in track ) has tried to get her to play Call of Duty and Assassin 's Creed on the PlayStation 3 , but she says she has `` failed to do so in a proper or even normal way '' . But when it comes to playing Marvel vs Capcom or Little Big Planet Elsa is a force to be reckoned with .
Advertisement
I do n't get to see her much because she is still a virtual hostage at the Olympic Village . It 's a shrine to physical perfection and few get to venture inside . So I have to wait and hope to see her after she 's done training and getting physical therapy . I could only talk to her for a little while , but as we said our goodbyes , Elsa gave me a final message :
Goofing around at the Olympic Village with a statue of one of the Games ' mascots .
Advertisement
`` I want to thank everyone who has not only noticed me for my work and recently for my music , but also chose to notice the love I have for my sport and my country , '' she said . `` I appreciate your support hope you enjoyed my performance . I wish I could have done better , but due to three injured fingers on both hands I was not at my best . I leave with a life experience of these Olympic Games and already have my mind set for Rio 2016 .
`` I am glad to have found new friends in the gaming community , '' she said . `` It feels great to have your support . When I change my floor routine in the future I will gladly accept musical suggestions . All I can say is I hope that everyone can find a passion like I found gymnastics and work hard for your dreams no matter what . ''
Laura García Rodriguez Blancas is a freelance multimedia journalist from Monterrey , Mexico .
Advertisement
Images by Laura García Rodriguez Blancas
Shortly after the Christmas bomber tried to blow up a Delta flight into Detroit , the U.S. Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) rolled out an emergency directive requiring airlines to implement draconian new security procedures .
Most travelers , unfortunately , had to find out about these new procedures from airline web sites or from firsthand accounts of those who had the misfortune to fly . Despite operating a consumer web site with a chatty blog , the TSA did n't bother to tell the public about the new rules . Instead , the agency just distributed the new rules electronically to thousands of airline , government , and security employees and left the public in the dark .
Thankfully , someone leaked the rules , so Americans finally learned what we should have been told immediately . Thanks to bloggers like Chris Elliot and Steven Frischling , who published the memo , we got to read the whole directive .
Needless to say , the TSA should have made all of the new rules public from the get-go . The secrecy surrounding them was an insult to anyone affected -- namely all Americans .
This insult was nothing compared to the TSA 's next move , however , which was to send agents to the houses of Frischling and Elliott ( and presumably others ) to slap them with subpoenas and demand that they immediately reveal the sources of the leaked directive .
Pause right there to appreciate how asinine and offensive this is .
A few days earlier , a bomber had almost succeeded in blowing a plane out of the sky . The airline in question , Delta , had followed the TSA 's procedures . The US government -- and , presumably , the TSA -- had been given some warning about this particular bomber , which it had declined to pursue . The TSA responded to what may have been a monumental screw-up by tightening security procedures ( fine ) and then not telling the public about them ( outrageous ) . Then , far worse , when it discovered that someone else had told the public , the TSA sent the proverbial jack-booted thugs to threaten individuals into revealing who sent them a document that had been distributed to thousands of airline and government employees .
In what universe is this a good use of government resources ?
Would it be too much to ask the TSA to use its agents to make Americans safer instead of threatening bloggers who publish widely distributed memos that should have been public anyway ?
Talk about screwed-up priorities .
And what will the TSA do when it finishes analyzing the hard drive of one of the bloggers it threatened ? Will it send jack-booted thugs to the house of the airline or government employee who dared forward the memo so the public could see what the new rules were ? Will the TSA drag the employee out of his or house in the middle of the night and ship him or her up river for Treason ?
Until we read about this bizarre behavior , we were willing to believe the government 's assertion that the tips it got about the Christmas bomber only look meaningful in hindsight . Now that we have seen firsthand some of the decisions being made within the TSA , however , we 're more inclined to believe that the cause of this near-tragedy was incompetence .
The threatening of bloggers , meanwhile , is a disgrace .
Top 10 Reasons Why Terrell Owens Signed With The Bills
Video Playback Not Supported
Total Pro Sports – We have no idea why Terrel Owens choose the Buffalo Bills as his preferred destination to play this upcoming 2009 season . With the economy being so bad we are stunned that Ralph Wilson , the owner of the Bills , can actually afford to pay this contract .
The Terrell Owens signing does n't surprise us one bit ; he has always been known for his antics and craziness throughout his career . We hope he does n't expect too much from the city of Buffalo and the Bills because it 's definitely not like playing in a “ big market ” like Dallas .
Lets take a look at the possible Top 10 reasons why we think Terrell Owens may have signed with the Buffalo Bills .
10 . Buffalo Is A Beautiful City – Wait a minute I ca n't find the City of Buffalo anywhere on the web as a top ranked city in the United States , so this ca n't be a reason . [ Google ]
9 . Niagara Falls – One of the most amazing Wonders of The World , Niagara Falls is just a stone throw away from Buffalo . The restaurants , hotels , casinos and nightlife is a reason to visit and is one of the most traveled destinations in the world . [ Niagara Falls ]
8 . Owens Wants To Show The World He Is Better Than Randy Moss – The Buffalo Bills play the division rivals New England Patriots twice a year and a chance that he can show the world he is a better player than Randy Moss………But with no real quarterback , we are still trying to figure out how the Bills are going to throw the ball to him ?
7 . Buffalo Chicken Wings – I mean if I were Terrell Owens I would play for the Bills just because of the Chicken Wings . Buffalo Chicken Wings are known all over the world and most people travel to Buffalo just to eat their famous wings . Do n't be fooled by other restaurant gimmicks because unless you 're in Buffalo eating Buffalo chicken wings , then you are not eating the real thing . [ The Anchor Bar ]
The phenomenon created in 1964 by Teressa Bellissimo has spread across the globe . Although many have tried to duplicate Buffalo Wings , the closely guarded secret recipe is what makes Frank & Teressa 's the proclaimed “ Best Wings in the World . ”
6 . Buffalo Is North America 's Team – Terrell Owens said it best during his press conference ,
“ I 'm leaving America 's team ( for ) North America 's team , ” Owens said at a news conference . “ This may not be the most ideal place for a lot of people , but I 'm the guy . I beat to my own beat sometimes , my own thinking , my own intuition . ”
Actually , if you did n't know the Bills are actually Toronto 's team , more than half of the fans that attend a Buffalo Bills game are either from Toronto or from north of the border . If the Bills were not located on the border of Canada and the US , the team would have most likely relocated already . [ Fox Sports ]
5 . Terrell Owens Wants To Live In Toronto – This may not be a bad thing for T.O . He would fit in perfectly in Toronto . It has always been rumored that some Buffalo Bill players own condos in the city of Toronto . Players past and present like Takeo Spikes , Trent Edwards , and Josh Reed are just to name a few . The commute is not bad from Downtown Toronto : it takes about 1 hour and 20 minutes , but being Terrell Owens he would probably rather take a private helicopter to work everyday . [ Toronto ]
4 . The Toronto Nightlife – The City of Toronto is one of the best party destinations in the world . It tops the list of destinations including places like New York , Las Vegas , Ibiza , Miami , Berlin . So if you see Owens on a Saturday night at a local Night Club in Toronto this upcoming football season do n't be surprised . [ Toronto Night Clubs ]
3 . Owens Is A Big Basketball Fan – Terrell Owens is a huge basketball fan that loves watching and playing the game . At times he can be spotted sitting front row at different basketball venues or showing off his talent during the Celebrity NBA All Star Game . Being only an hour away from Toronto he may have some interest in joining the Toronto Raptors . The Raptors could use a energetic # 3 , ” The Raptors Should Look At Terrell Owens “ .
2 . T.O . Likes The Snow – I do n't know who would ever want to play in the snow and the freezing cold weather of Buffalo ? Terrell Owens is in for a big surprise , do n't let it shock you if you do n't see him on the field with some unforeseen injury when the weather is not to his liking . [ The Buffalo Snow ]
1 . Terrell Owens Does Not Want To Win A Super Bowl – The Bills last year again missed the playoffs finishing the season off with a 7-9 record . The problems do n't end there , they have a troubled running back in Marshawn Lynch and unstable quarterback in Trent Edwards . So the signing of Terrell Owens will not make the Buffalo Bills a Super Bowl contender ! Sorry Buffalo I did n't mean to burst your bubble .
Tags :
Share This
SAN JOSE — A jury Monday found three white men guilty of misdemeanor battery on a black suitemate in 2013 at San Jose State University , but did not reach guilty verdicts on more serious hate-crime charges .
After deliberating for slightly more than two days , jurors agreed that Colin Warren , Logan Beaschler and Joseph “ Brett ” Bomgardner “ offensively touched ” their fellow freshman suitemate , Donald Williams Jr. , by clamping a U-shaped bike lock around his neck or attempting to do so a second time — the most aggressive acts in a campaign of bullying that sparked community outrage and campus protests .
But the jury of six men and six women , which had no African-American members , found Bomgardner , now 21 , not guilty of a misdemeanor hate crime and deadlocked on hate crime charges against Warren and Beaschler , both 20 .
The hazing during the fall 2013 semester led to an internal investigation , an apology from the president of the university — where blacks make up 3 percent of the student body — and the creation of a campus task force on racial discrimination . The head of the campus task force , former Judge LaDoris Cordell , expressed disappointment Monday with the verdict .
“ I am saddened that 12 jurors could not agree that calling a black male ‘ Three-fifths ' or ‘ Fraction , ' or forcing a lock around his neck , or creating an environment promoting racism with Confederate memorabilia , or hearing how this young man was humiliated , amounted to a hate crime , ” said Cordell , who is black . “ This verdict demonstrates that we are a long way from living in a post-racist America . ”
Witnesses testified during the more than two-week trial that the abuse of Williams , who was 17 at the time , included the two bike-lock incidents , calling him nicknames referring to America 's history of slavery , writing a form of the “ n ” word on a whiteboard and displaying the Confederate flag . Attorneys for the defendants , who were all San Jose State freshmen at the time of the episode , argued that their clients simply took a “ prank war ” too far because they were “ immature , insensitive and stupid . ”
But in a statement on the courthouse steps after the verdict , Santa Clara County District Attorney Jeff Rosen disputed that characterization .
“ Prejudice is not a prank , ” said Rosen , who also commended Williams for his grace throughout the ordeal . “ Today 's decision was partially disappointing , but not dispiriting . Our resolve to fight hate crimes remains unwavering . ”
The jury voted 7-5 and 9-3 in favor of acquittal on the hate crime charges for Beaschler and Warren , respectively . Beaschler was responsible for displaying the Confederate flag , which he testified was an expression of his support for states rights , as well as a swastika and other Nazi symbols , which he labeled political satire .
One of the jurors who voted to acquit the men of the hate-crime charges said he concluded there was reasonable doubt that the two bike-lock incidents , which occurred early in the semester and were charged by the prosecution as the actual hate crimes , were driven by racial bias . The juror said the bullying that followed appeared racially tinged , but he was reluctant to consider those attitudes retroactively .
“ I went in thinking it was a hate crime , ” said the juror , who is in his 30s and a member of the Green Party . “ But it was only Mr. Williams who said they called him racist nicknames before the bike-lock incidents . ”
However , a female juror in her 60s voted for a conviction , partly because she did not buy that Beaschler was a quiet , shy young man who did n't know that displaying the Confederate flag was offensive to blacks .
“ I never had a moment 's doubt that they were guilty of hate crimes , ” she said .
The jury found it easy to acquit Bomgardner because he was rarely in the dormitory suite and had a limited role in the hazing , joining only in the second bike-lock attempt , the female juror said .
San Jose State student Gary Daniels , a black political science major in his senior year , said the jury should have convicted all three men of a hate crime .
“ Who knows who these guys are going to terrorize in the future ? ” Daniels said .
Donald Williams , the victim 's father , said the jury 's stance on the hate-crime charges let down the community . The family is suing the university and the young men for $ 5 million , which the defense attorneys repeatedly mentioned during the trial .
“ It was very clear what should 've come down , ” Williams said minutes after the verdict was read in Santa Clara County Superior Court . “ It 's pretty ridiculous . I hope they try them again . ”
Rosen said he will consider a retrial after investigators have a chance to talk with some of the jurors . But sources familiar with the case said redoing the case is unlikely .
Sue Martin , San Jose State 's interim president , issued a statement Monday saying the college is working to improve the racial climate on campus . For instance , it is interviewing finalists this weekend for a new chief diversity officer position . The college also created a Black Scholars Community last fall in one of its residence halls and has completed a survey on the racial climate that it plans to discuss openly with the campus community .
“ Much work lies ahead as we seek to create a truly inclusive , welcoming and safe environment for every member of our community , ” the statement said .
Attorney Sam Polverino , who represented Bomgardner , said he was pleased his client was not convicted of the hate crime . “ It was the right decision , ” he said .
Beaschler and Warren are set to be sentenced March 14 by Judge Thang N. Barrett . They face a maximum of one year in county jail , which is no different than if they had been found guilty of a hate crime . But with just the battery conviction , they are more likely to avoid jail altogether , and be sentenced to less community service or weekend work .
Contact Tracey Kaplan at 408-278-3482 . Follow her at Twitter.com/tkaplanreport .
If you dthrow fair near a ledge you can choke towards the ledge instead of land with lag to put you in a more optimal ( imo ) position to edge guard .
Out of an aerial flame choke , if they roll away our dsmash can catch some characters . Atm I know it works on Bowser Jr , Falco , and Robin . I think it can catch Robin 's outward techroll from a grounded choke too . So pretty much condition them to roll away and ledge hope choke- > dsmash these characters . I theorize that it 'll work on Mac and zard too , ca n't test myself though .
FHAC Dair true kill combos into dark dive uppercut at specific percents iirc and strict timing .
We can use nair more effectively from a ledge grab position , it covers vertical recoverys much better than uair too . We can cover vertical/misc . recoverys from behind with uair , and if it whiffs rising nair . This is a really solid mix up that can force vertical recoverys to go high since we can control so much area with uair/nair .
Out of dthrow on some characters at early percents we can full hop nair to intentionally miss the second kick and set up a grounded footstool to I believe guaranteed wizkick or fast fall dair for more potential reward .
On fast fallers if they di away and do n't jump I believe nair2 still catches them assuming they land on the ground ( likely missing a tech ) for a lock .
At certain percents if they air dodge our dthrow they 'll land with minimal time to dodge an utilt initiated immediately , potentially throwing up shield in a panic or just dodging for little to no punish . Just messed with this today and landed it on two different players ( only two I attempted ) , may attempt it at my weekly if they dodge a lot .
Run off- > air choke onstage can catch ledge options effectively and can be used out of choke effectively as well ( or a jumping variant ) . This conditions them to roll away which we can catch with dash attack/wizkick/choke/etc .
If they 've used their shield slightly zdrop select items ( like gyro and mechakoopa ) and air wizkick for a shield break .
If you 're unsure what to do with an item I often find tossing it upwards to be effective , as it can keep most items out of play and control that space .
If you 're fighting Bowser Jr you can airdodge or use an aerial as the mechakoopa approaches the very edge to grab it . Then you can buffer an item throw out of a ledge hop or use it for other things .
If you condition them not to waste their jump after uthrow spaced nair will cover every other option which can then potentially string into an aerial . You can condition them not to by taking advantage of their lack of a jump and punishing the jump/landing for great reward .
If you fthrow them and they jump , uair or other aerials can gimp them early due to the lack of jump , or put on good damage .
Run off and nair , then very briefly after you can fast fall to cover a very large area and still recover .
Wizkick spikes are effective when you believe they 'll jump or you read an air dodge as it pauses your momentum . Specifically air dodges with horizontal momentum you read that a dair would n't hit . Few people expect a stall and fall option like that from dorf since it 's so underused .
Out of an aerial wizkick , time warlock punch right as you land to beat punishes with super armor . Buffer a turnaround before use if necessary , do n't use a reverse punch though despite the armor buff as it 's slower . This tactic is an especially interesting option from the highest tree platform on duck hunt out of a double jump .
From that same area of trees , specifically on their lower ones , it sets us up in a similar position right when the wizkick ends to challenge punishes with superarmor .
When Lylat is tilted up and about to tilt back down , ledge hop reverse warlock punch can be safely used offstage . Due to the extra height when you jumped , and the ledge being lower , we can grab it unlike when we 'd attempt it otherwise . This applies to the final stage of castle siege as well .
During a gale boomerang we can use this to power through his attacks barring grab , although we only goso far . However , if you read a back roll meant to avoid it you can catch that with a turnaround warlock punch ( not reverse ) potentially . Say they shoot an arrow and we tank it , if they panic roll back they get hit .
Out of a wizkick from smashville 's platform , it sets us up perfectly for a grounded footstool into wizkick .
The wind on dream land extends the range at which we can wizkick cancel .
Not something I 've done but I theorize a bomb instant tossed back at link can true combo into a ganoncide at certain percents .
At early percents ( near zero ) bair sets up an opportunity to tech chase with a turnaround wizkick .
Shielding the opposite way into turnaround wizkick is an interesting surprise option for people who may be pursuing you or within range .
Fthrow into wallls can string reliablely into fsmash kills on a stage such as delfino if they miss the fairly strict tech ( s ? ) .
Intentionally stand near the edge to bait a kirby/d3 inhale , then use utilt . We need to be extremely close , otherwise they ca n't inhale us afaik which will give them a nasty surprise .
If you intentionally hit the ducks on duck hunt to raise the dog platform , I believe utilt can hit some taller characters/shields who do n't expect it .
If we sdi up and away , from my experience sometimes we can uair out of rapid jabs
We can grab falco if both jabs hit our shield before rapid jab comes out , or on it to break out from it and reset the neutral .
We can ganoncide ness or dark dive him before thunder hits him .
We can trade aerial flame choke with other moves offstage to actually grab break and gimp them ( like lucas ' pkt2 or just timing it right on the hit box ) . Likely more effective with dark dive though as we can angle that straight up to put a grab box along the side of the stage after dropping from the ledge .
Since reverse uair causes characters to slide starting in the mid percents , we can string turnaround wizkick or flame choke nicely ( not guaranteed ) . At early percents reverse uair is punishable on hit , much like wizkick .
Some stuff I posted previously but I mentioned again as a sort of mini compilation .
You have been thinking about it . And it has been giving you migraine .
You had high hopes for your career . But now you feel your career has gone stagnant .
You have been told to sweat the big things , the important things , and ignore the small things . You have followed that to the letter but your career is still stuck in mediocrity .
Are the small things unimportant ? This advice seems to imply it . However , it is a really bad idea to follow . Because the small things are more important than you think .
It 's the small things that build up to the big things . Source : Pixabay When you 're told to pay attention to big things but neglect the small things , it 's really contradictory advice . Why ?
Have you ever seen a great machine that has mediocre small parts ? Have you ever seen a very healthy human being who has the small parts of his/her body full of disease ?
Today , I want to tell you 5 small things that you might have paid little attention to for years . These 5 things could take your career out of stagnant and move it to a greater height .
1 . The small time
The last time you wanted to take an activity in 5 minutes , you probably thought that it was a short time . Yeah , it 's a short time but if accumulated over a year , it 's one day and six hours .
When you look at a time of five minutes or ten minutes and you believe that it is too small to achieve anything worthwhile , then you have to think again .
Let 's look at reading as an example of an activity that is beneficial to every worker . If you read for five minutes more than you currently do , then you have read for one day and six hours more over the span of a year .
Now if you read for twenty minutes more than you do currently , it means you have improved your reading time by five days over the course of a year . This is one reason you must take even the small time seriously .
When you think five or twenty minutes is small and you want a bigger time when you can achieve something tangible , you 're losing a lot . You 're losing 5 days over a year .
According to a survey by Salary.com , 89 percent of workers waste at least 30 minutes daily at work . That is at least 5 days 10 hours wasted over 260 working days in a year .
In today 's competitive workplace , it could be the difference between a good and an excellent worker .
Jim Rohn said : “ Days are expensive . When you spend a day you have one less day to spend . So make sure you spend each one wisely . ”
2 . The small tasks
What are small tasks that look trivial but could have a positive effect over the future ? If you see a co-worker taking a stroll during break at your workplace , do you see it as unnecessary ? Well , it could improve your productivity at work . Yet taking a stroll looks like a small task . That makes it easy to underrate its benefits .
One other small task that most people overlook is taking deep breaths . According to studies , breaks in which meditation and mindfulness are practiced are able to boost creativity at work
The beauty of taking part in small tasks is that it is not stressful . In fact , this is one of the reasons most people overlook it . Most have a mindset that a task must be very difficult for you to gain benefits from it .
You must be careful of such mindset . If a task looks small to you , you may tend to doubt its importance . That 's only natural . But you should ask another question : what benefit would that small task contribute to your career if you perform it consistently for a month or a year ?
3 . The small gestures
One beautiful morning , you stroll into your office whistling to your favourite song . But you see Rachel , your co-worker , sitting at her desk , serious at whatever she is doing on the monitor .
You greet her but her response is unusually cold . Rachel is usually jovial . Her behaviour is a red flag . It 's normal for you to provide many reasons in your brain for her demeanour . Maybe she 's trying to beat a deadline , maybe it 's a personal issue .
Her personal issues are none of your business , but you should ask . Sometimes people go through personal issues . They may just need someone to talk to .
Taking the small gesture of asking about her welfare could improve the bond and trust between you and co-workers . It could also increase productivity at the workplace
Source : Pixabay If your co-worker ever decides to tell you her personal issues , you must listen attentively . Not to give a reply but just to listen . This is one small gesture that most people neglect and that will make your co-worker like and appreciate you .
In his best-selling book Getting More : How To Negotiate to Achieve Your Goals in the Real World , Wharton Business School professor , Stuart Diamond notes that “ companies , even small ones , can be very political places . ”
This means that apart from gaining trust in your co-workers , it also helps your politics if you ever have to play it .
4 . The small goal
It is common advice to set big goals . This is good and advisable . However , to be more practical , you have to set small goals that will lead to the achievement of the big goal .
This is where most people fail and this is what you should be wary of as a worker who has big goals for his/her career . If you fail to set and achieve the small goals , then there is no way you can achieve your big goal .
For instance , if you set a goal for the week to make a presentation for an important project at the end of that week , you have to split that goal into smaller goals for five working days .
Your goal on Monday could be to gather data and do necessary research , type the presentation and add pictures and graphs on Tuesday , show it to a trusted colleague or your boss to make corrections on Wednesday , put finishing touches on Thursday and make your presentation on Friday .
You can see that splitting into small daily goals make the big goal less intimidating . It also helps you to focus because you know that if you fail to achieve the small goal , you may fail to achieve the big goal .
5 . The small plan
To achieve the small goal , then you need to execute the small plan . For whatever you want to achieve in your career , planning plays a vital role and you can never overlook its place .
But you must even pay more attention to the small daily plans . Forget about the plans you made for next week , you ca n't execute them today . Rather focus on the small plans today , because that is the only plan you can execute .
How many hours do you have to work today ? Maybe six hours when you remove the break and other distractions . Making a detailed plan for those six hours would help you to achieve more than someone who just spend the day without such plans .
Making a small plan for a day will not even take more than five minutes on most days . But that small plan could help you to become the best worker in your workplace or field today if executed properly .
If you repeat that performance for 260 working days , it means you have been the best worker of the year . If this is repeated for a few years , then you can achieve what you have never dreamt possible for your career .
Conclusion
The small things matter in your career . This is because of the concept of accumulation . When the small things accumulate over a long period of time , you have a momentum that usually result into a big whole which is more than the sum of the parts .
This is a concept that investors have exploited for many years with compound interest . You can apply the accumulation of these small things in your career today . This will lead to incredible achievements in your career after a few years .
When you feel your career has been stagnant for years , start paying attention to the small things you have been neglecting . Doing those small things could give you the lift you need . These small things could make you the expert and influencer in your field
You just have to be consistent and patient . Take the small action today .
Spread the information to your friends , share this post and share its benefits . Are you looking to achieve your website 's performance goals with vibrant copywriting ? I 'm here to be of assistance . Go to this page for more details .
American progressives ca n't ever match conservatives in displays of febrile patriotism , and for good reason . What Jesus told his followers about prayer is also good advice about loving a country : “ Thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are , for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets , that they may be seen of men . ”
Moreover , anyone who 's spent five minutes thinking about human history knows how dangerously volatile nationalism is . This is especially important to keep in mind in a country that has used nuclear weapons and pondered whether to drop tungsten rods on our enemies from orbit .
Nonetheless , I believe it behooves all of us to consider and celebrate what is resplendent about the United States of America .
First , if you do n't do so , you wear blinders that prevent you from seeing a giant chunk of reality . In Catholic theology most souls are of middling virtue — but the ones which are not are generally not good or evil alone but both at once . As St. Augustine put it , “ my two wills , one old and the other new , one carnal , the other spiritual , contend within me. ” The same goes for countries : If they 're not in the middle of the bell curve they often occupy both ends simultaneously . That is definitely the United States .
Second , one of America 's most beautiful attributes is that we have freedom and resources that our fellow malcontents in many other countries could only dream of . Pretending that we do n't have this wiggle room is — particularly for white activists — to show ourselves to be distastefully spoiled .
Third , being conscious of this country 's upside is the only way we 'll ever be able to communicate with anyone outside the minute lefty archipelago . The lived experience of millions of Americans has been that it 's superior to where their families once came from . Trying to convince them that it 's uniformly appalling is like trying to convince them that they have three arms . That 's not going to work .
Finally , it 's critical for our own psychological wellbeing . Much about America 's past has been hideous and much about the present is grim . But keeping that going as an endless interior monologue is a recipe for stasis and failure . Conversely , an appreciation of the glorious parts of the U.S. is motivation to protect and expand them . The right loves to accusingly demand , “ Do you love this country ? ” We need the confidence to give the correct answer , which is “ I love the parts you 're trying to destroy . ”
So for July 4 , I 've made a list of what 's most deeply meaningful to me about America .
Photo : Glenn Asakawa/The Denver Post/Getty Images
People Have Rights , Not the Government
For most of the time in most places , societies believed that the natural order was to have a king who had the final word about everything . The Declaration of Independence was one of the first attempts to flip that on its head , and declare that individual people come first and governments derive their power “ from the consent of the governed . ”
It 's easy to forget the momentousness of this statement in an era when Fortune 500 companies complain that governmental tyranny prevents them from putting arsenic in their line of baby food . But it was a giant step forward , and one of the best parts about being an American is an instinctive understanding of the zaniness of monarchies . For instance , Great Britain pays an old lady from some German family to live in a gigantic house , and if you have dinner there you have to immediately stop eating when she does .
The Declaration of Independence resonated so deeply with universal human aspirations that it was copied by many other rebellions . Ho Chi Minh used parts of it verbatim in 1945 in a declaration of independence for Vietnam . We were so moved by this that the Eisenhower administration offered France two nuclear bombs to drop on Dien Bien Phu .
Separation of Church and State
Not only did most places have kings in 1776 , it was usually accepted that these kings had been appointed by god . This meant that you could n't question the king 's decisions even when large holes had been eaten in his brain by syphilis .
So establishing a wall between religion and government in the Bill of Rights was deeply radical and positive . The corporate right has long understood how this levels society , which is why they 've quietly supported efforts to tear it down and retcon U.S. history to make the founding fathers fervent Christians .
Anyone From Anywhere
In most places at most times , nationality has depended on blood and soil . For instance , Korean-Japanese whose families have been there for 100 years are still referred to as zainichi — which literally means “ staying in Japan , ” presumably temporarily . But in theory and to a large degree in fact , anyone can come to the U.S. from anywhere , and when they take the oath of citizenship they become as American as everyone else .
The Nazis used to call the U.S. a mongrel nation . They were absolutely right ; it 's fantastic and the source of our hybrid vigor .
We 're So Rich
The U.S. right likes to tout our enormous wealth as a sign of our success . In reality , it signifies a humiliating failure of our economic system , even leaving aside our stunning levels of inequality .
We have advantages possessed by no other country in history . We 're gigantic , in the temperate zone , overflowing with natural resources , and with neighbors so weak we generally forget that they 're there . Yet Europe and Japan are about as rich as we are , despite having few of these assets and regularly destroying themselves in catastrophic wars . We should have twice as much money as they do .
Nevertheless , by any reasonable standard the U.S. is an incredibly wealthy place , as wealthy as any country needs to be to maximize human happiness . If we get our act together to fight , we could use our riches to do amazing things .
For instance , much of our gains in economic productivity over the past 40 years have gone into the pockets of millionaires and billionaires . The median household income in the U.S. now is about $ 56,500 . If flight attendants and firemen had gotten their share of economic growth , they would be making over $ 70,000 . Alternatively — and even more enticingly — if we 'd had the power to take our increased productivity in time off regular people could be making their current salaries while only working about 30 hours per week .
Who knows what we 'd do with that kind of extra time for ourselves , but it 's thrilling to contemplate . If current trends continued there would certainly be a lot of podcasts ; once we 're only working 15 hours a week and the ratio of podcasts to podcast listeners passes 1:1 , we 'll have to invent robots to rate and review them on iTunes .
African American and Secular Jewish Culture
I 'm not black and , despite the enthusiastic ( ( ( feedback ) ) ) I receive from the alt-right , I 'm also not Jewish . I 'm a baptized Episcopalian , a Mischling second degree , and a practicing nothing . But to me , looking at black culture and Jewish culture in America from the periphery , they seem to be humanity 's two premiere achievements .
I used to think that William Faulkner 's claim that “ man will not merely endure : he will prevail ” was hokey and overoptimistic . But the history of African Americans is evidence he knew what he was talking about .
Two hundred fifty years of kidnapping , murder , rape and chattel slavery ; “ freedom ” followed by 100 years of treatment that was slavery-adjacent ; a 10-year window when change seemed possible ; and then 40 years of mass incarceration that is intermittent reenslavement . It 's incredible African Americans have n't collapsed in exhaustion , or simply perished .
Instead , faced with a 1,000-foot high wall of hate , they 've dug tunnels under it , floated over it waving from hot air balloons , and built transporters to dematerialize and then rematerialize on the other side , all to the bafflement and fury of much of white America . We understand violence and in fact rejoice when faced with it , because we know how to respond in kind a hundred times over . What we ca n't understand is black America 's unending eruption of invention — in politics , music , literature , sports , Twitter , general stylishness , and a thousand other areas — that reverberates around the world . It 's set a standard of wisdom and humanity for everyone else on earth to aim for .
The accomplishments of secular Jewish culture in America have been similar , although modulated differently .
All religions have the same essential precepts , and most religions ignore them in practice . Judaism stands out for sometimes taking them seriously . Both the Torah and Old Testament instruct us that “ Thou shalt neither vex a stranger , nor oppress him : for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt. ” Only Judaism builds a holiday around this admonition , and sends participants out into the world believing that maybe those words mean what they say .
Likewise , I ca n't help but love an ethical tradition that requires kids to ask questions . As Rabbi Jonathan Sacks has put it , “ To be a Jewish child is to learn how to question. ” I.I . Rabi , an American Nobel Prize-winning physicist , said he became a scientist because when he came home from school each day his mother would ask him not what he 'd learned , but whether he 'd asked a good question . Polls have shown that American Jews value “ thinking for oneself ” as the most critical quality to encourage in children .
The collision of this perspective with the openness of American culture has exploded in every direction . It 's impossible to imagine how different , and how much worse , the U.S. would be without the influence of secular Judaism .
Then there 's what is , for me , the dazzling summit of African American and Jewish culture : the collaborative creation of American comedy .
Comedy of the powerful tends to take this structure : “ Would n't it be funny if… ” You can see this clearly in Monty Python , whose main five performers went to Oxford and Cambridge . Would n't it be funny if a pet store owner refused to acknowledge a parrot he 'd just sold to a customer had died ? Would n't it be funny if the head of a mountaineering expedition had double vision ?
But the comedy of the powerless usually says something else : “ Is n't it funny that… ” The powerless do n't need to invent surrealistically absurd situations , they live them . So a Chris Rock joke is : Is n't it funny that that train 's never late ?
And the comedy of reality will always be superior to the comedy of imagination , no matter how well executed . That 's why American comedy , created by African Americans and Jews ( with an assist from Irish Catholics ) is the current reigning world champion .
Of course , I understand that the individual humans involved in all this did not do so as a hobby or to make America better , but to survive in the face of monstrous cruelty . Billie Holiday would have traded “ Strange Fruit ” for an end to lynchings . Our goal should be to make this country so good that we end up with a bland , Swiss-like pudding of a culture .
Baseball
I ca n't honestly claim I like baseball that much . But all lists like this by liberals seem to include it , so I feel peer pressure to do so too . You 're also supposed to be super into jazz .
House Democratic leaders are warning Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley , Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action , Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE ( Ohio ) and his Republicans that they 're on their own to iron out internal strife .
ADVERTISEMENT
`` It 's not our responsibility to try to solve their divisions , '' Rep. Steny Hoyer ( D-Md . ) told reporters in the Capitol on Wednesday .
Hoyer , the minority whip , said Democratic leaders have had no formal discussions on how they 'd approach a potential coup to topple Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley , Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action , Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE , as some conservatives are threatening . He suggested the Democrats would steer clear of the issue until forced to do otherwise .
`` We 'll have to respond to them when they manifest themselves in a way that it makes it necessary for us to respond , '' he said . `` And we 'll do that . ''
Rep. Xavier Becerra Xavier BecerraOvernight Health Care : Drug execs set for grilling | Washington state to sue over Trump rule targeting Planned Parenthood | Wyoming moves closer to Medicaid work requirements Washington state to sue Trump administration overrule targeting Planned Parenthood NY , California and Washington threaten to sue over Trump rule to restrict abortion referrals MORE ( Calif. ) , chairman of the Democratic Caucus , echoed that message Wednesday , saying it 's `` their war '' and the Democrats are n't ready to engage . He further suggested that it remains unclear if the Democrats stand to benefit by picking one GOP division over another .
`` Like the Syrian Civil War , I 'm not sure it 's easy to discern which side anyone is on , '' Becerra said by phone .
Amid the current budget debate — under threat of a government shutdown — Boehner is facing a possible conservative revolt if he joins Democrats in a compromise that fails to defund Planned Parenthood .
Rep. Mark Meadows ( R-N.C. ) , who floated a resolution in July to force a vote on vacating the Speakership , has threatened to try again this fall — depending on how Boehner manages a contentious autumn agenda that includes the current spending fight . Other members of the conservative Freedom Caucus are also watching closely .
Boehner and his allies have dismissed the coup talk as an exaggerated threat from a small group of conservative malcontents . But the ultimate outcome of such a vote could hinge on the Democrats ' strategy . That 's because the 188 House Democrats , combined with the 30 members of the Freedom Caucus , could reach the 218 threshold needed to oust Boehner — at least , mathematically .
Politically , the Democrats might not want to oust a Speaker who 's shown a willingness to compromise on must-pass bills like those funding the government , especially if the alternative is either a more conservative figure holding the gavel or the chaos surrounding the long hunt for a replacement .
Hoyer , for his part , characterized the coup threat as more evidence of a Republican Party in upheaval . He said Democrats are as uncertain as everyone else about what happens next .
`` We do n't know what the Republicans are going to do , and our experience has been that the Republicans are somewhat unpredictable , '' he said .
`` The thing you can usually predict is that they 'll create chaos in some fashion or another . ''
Q : I work in the financial markets and struggle with enough time to train , let alone climb . I think I could have 200 hours of training per year , at the most . I did train harder than any of my non-climbing friends when preparing for my last three expeditions ( and I used your book a lot ) , but I always feel I am just barely breaking even with the objectives I set to accomplish . As a result , I have to take on painkillers and medicine to keep going at the end of my trips . So my 1 million dollar question is this : how can I maximize the time I have , and choose climbing objectives accordingly ?
A : This is a great question , but , sadly , there is no good answer to it . If you can only train 200 hours per year , there is no special workout or magic way to pack more into those 200 hours . If you have been at 200 hours per year , for more than one to two years , then you have gotten about as fit as you can for that much time .
We are in the process of developing a training plan for people who are pressed for time , which we hope will be available before the end of 2016 . It will be a compromise on our general recommendations for training , and we will be very clear about that when we produce it . But the fact is , there are many many people out there in the same situation as you , and we 'd like to provide something helpful for all the “ weekend warriors ” out there . Keep an eye open for that . Hopefully it may help you .
In the meantime , it sounds like you are taking on too big of an objective if your body is breaking down near the end of the climb . Painkillers and NSAIDs should be a last resort to prevent further injury – not a crutch to help you achieve your goals . If you ca n't complete an expedition without them , you probably need to bight off smaller goals .
Three ( well , actually , more like thirty-one…see below ^_^ ) Dark Horse manga books just hit the stores . First , Berserk . We know that many of the volumes of this series have been hard to find in recent months , and we 're pleased to announce that we 've reprinted all the volumes that were low in stock ( which was nearly all of them ) . That 's part of the good news…and the other part is that the reason so many volumes of Berserk became low in stock is that we just passed the three-quarters-of-a-million mark in series sales ! If you 're a fan , you know Berserk is a genuine epic that deserves its success ( I say , use Berserk to get Game of Thrones fans into manga ) , but if you 're a fan , you 're also one of the people whoare made it a success , so thank you once again !
`` Epic '' is a term that gets thrown around , but I think it 's fair to apply it not only to Berserk but to Gantz , whose latest volume , 29 , arrived in stores last week . When I read Gantz , I feel like I 'm watching a big Hollywood CG action movie—the kind that costs $ 200 million to make—except the same effects and thrills are being achieved by Hiroya Oku and his staff for a tiny fraction of that budget . But even if it were adapted into a major studio relesase , I wonder if you would get the full force of Oku 's unholy union of horror and science fiction up on screen . It goes beyond Gantz 's high-tech gore ; the manga 's portrayal in vol . 29 of the `` civilian '' life of those giant humanoid invaders we first saw last volume is creepy and unsettling because they 're actually so normal ; the horror ( and genocidal violence ) comes from the way we view each other—monsters to us , vermin to them .
A different kind of book that 's earned a loyal readership is Bride of the Water God . From Korean creator Mi-Kyung Yun , it 's the most successful of the manhwa Dark Horse has published , and its latest installment , vol . 14 , is out right now ! Editor Philip Simon wants readers to know that `` Bride of the Water God Volume 14 features not only the exquisitely detailed artwork of Mi-Kyung Yun that our readers have come to enjoy , but a few excellent plot twists that 'll floor faithful fans . Yun takes us on another journey through the ever-changing , strange realm of the elemental gods , but she also makes an interesting return to some settings on Earth that are just as gorgeous . Back to Earth ? Yes ! Were you shocked by the surprises in Volume 13 ? Well , Volume 14 delivers some bigger surprises ! Yun continues to explore the complicated emotions that both of our main , star-crossed lovers are feeling as they are constantly manipulated ( and tormented ) , and she adds some new elements to the story 's main premise to ensure that the world of Bride of the Water God and its intricate character relationships will remain fresh and engaging for many years to come . Our latest volume also features four of Yun 's beautiful , rare color pages , as well as the popular `` Closing Diary '' bonus strips that give us a peek into Yun 's creative process and manhwa-related studio mishaps ! Do n't miss this excursion into fantasy-filled romance ! Readers are encouraged to send in their letters , thoughts on Yun 's plot twists , and high resolution fan art to bride @ darkhorse.com ! ''
That 's all for now , but do n't forget this is Dark Horse 's 25th anniversary year of manga publishing , and we 'll be back before long to tell you more !
Carl Horn and Philip Simon
Editors
`` Epic '' is a term that gets thrown around , but I think it 's fair to apply it not only to Berserk but to Gantz , whose latest volume , 29 , arrived in stores last week . When I read Gantz , I feel like I 'm watching a big Hollywood CG action movie—the kind that costs $ 200 million to make—except the same effects and thrills are being achieved by Hiroya Oku and his staff for a tiny fraction of that budget . But even if it were adapted into a major studio relesase , I wonder if you would get the full force of Oku 's unholy union of horror and science fiction up on screen . It goes beyond Gantz 's high-tech gore ; the manga 's portrayal in vol . 29 of the `` civilian '' life of those giant humanoid invaders we first saw last volume is creepy and unsettling because they 're actually so normal ; the horror ( and genocidal violence ) comes from the way we view each other—monsters to us , vermin to them .
A different kind of book that 's earned a loyal readership is Bride of the Water God . From Korean creator Mi-Kyung Yun , it 's the most successful of the manhwa Dark Horse has published , and its latest installment , vol . 14 , is out right now ! Editor Philip Simon wants readers to know that `` Bride of the Water God Volume 14 features not only the exquisitely detailed artwork of Mi-Kyung Yun that our readers have come to enjoy , but a few excellent plot twists that 'll floor faithful fans . Yun takes us on another journey through the ever-changing , strange realm of the elemental gods , but she also makes an interesting return to some settings on Earth that are just as gorgeous . Back to Earth ? Yes ! Were you shocked by the surprises in Volume 13 ? Well , Volume 14 delivers some bigger surprises ! Yun continues to explore the complicated emotions that both of our main , star-crossed lovers are feeling as they are constantly manipulated ( and tormented ) , and she adds some new elements to the story 's main premise to ensure that the world of Bride of the Water God and its intricate character relationships will remain fresh and engaging for many years to come . Our latest volume also features four of Yun 's beautiful , rare color pages , as well as the popular `` Closing Diary '' bonus strips that give us a peek into Yun 's creative process and manhwa-related studio mishaps ! Do n't miss this excursion into fantasy-filled romance ! Readers are encouraged to send in their letters , thoughts on Yun 's plot twists , and high resolution fan art to A different kind of book that 's earned a loyal readership is Bride of the Water God . From Korean creator Mi-Kyung Yun , it 's the most successful of the manhwa Dark Horse has published , and its latest installment , vol . 14 , is out right now ! Editor Philip Simon wants readers to know that `` Bride of the Water God Volume 14 features not only the exquisitely detailed artwork of Mi-Kyung Yun that our readers have come to enjoy , but a few excellent plot twists that 'll floor faithful fans . Yun takes us on another journey through the ever-changing , strange realm of the elemental gods , but she also makes an interesting return to some settings on Earth that are just as gorgeous . Back to Earth ? Yes ! Were you shocked by the surprises in Volume 13 ? Well , Volume 14 delivers some bigger surprises ! Yun continues to explore the complicated emotions that both of our main , star-crossed lovers are feeling as they are constantly manipulated ( and tormented ) , and she adds some new elements to the story 's main premise to ensure that the world of Bride of the Water God and its intricate character relationships will remain fresh and engaging for many years to come . Our latest volume also features four of Yun 's beautiful , rare color pages , as well as the popular `` Closing Diary '' bonus strips that give us a peek into Yun 's creative process and manhwa-related studio mishaps ! Do n't miss this excursion into fantasy-filled romance ! Readers are encouraged to send in their letters , thoughts on Yun 's plot twists , and high resolution fan art to bride @ darkhorse.com ! ''
That 's all for now , but do n't forget this is
That 's all for now , but do n't forget this is Dark Horse 's 25th anniversary year of manga publishing , and we 'll be back before long to tell you more !
Carl Horn and Philip Simon
Editors
Three ( well , actually , more like thirty-one…see below ^_^ ) Dark Horse manga books just hit the stores . First , Berserk . We know that many of the volumes of this series have been hard to find in recent months , and we 're pleased to announce that we 've reprinted all the volumes that were low in stock ( which was nearly all of them ) . That 's part of the good news…and the other part is that the reason so many volumes of Berserk became low in stock is that we just passed the three-quarters-of-a-million mark in series sales ! If you 're a fan , you know Berserk is a genuine epic that deserves its success ( I say , use Berserk to get Game of Thrones fans into manga ) , but if you 're a fan , you 're also one of the people whoare made it a success , so thank you once again !
Guest post by Aleister
The minority leader of the House of Representatives is now plotting with the president of a foreign country to keep the presumptive Republican nominee from winning the presidency . How is this even legal ?
The Washington Examiner reports :
Pelosi , Vicente Fox plot to defeat Trump , Mexican calls Trump voters lazy drunks
Latin America 's toughest critic of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump spent 30 minutes with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi in Mexico this week plotting to help the Democrats defeat the businessman and give the presidency to Hillary Clinton .
In an exclusive interview with theWashington Examiner Friday , former Mexican President Vicente Fox also said that he is “ becoming a fan of ” Clinton , who he compared to former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , and he disparaged Trump supporters as lazy , uneducated , TV watching drunks .
He complained that that Mexico buys billions of dollars of items from the United States that create 10 million American jobs , but Trump supporters still “ do n't respect us . ”
He added , “ We need to wake up that citizen . We need them to take them away from the TV and drinking beer , to working hard , to getting the skills , to getting knowledge , and they will come along , like everybody else . ”
On a media tour to promote an anti-Trump , “ compassionate , intelligent leadership ” agenda , he said that he met with Pelosi at the airport in Mexico City Sunday and discussed ways he can help convince Latin American immigrants in the United States to reject Trump .
“ What I 've been saying here , I told her . Count with us , with all Mexicans , to support the Democratic Party because you 've done much better with us than the Republican Party , ” he said .
Federal NDP leadership hopefuls lined up Sunday to take shots at rival Jagmeet Singh during the eighth and final debate in the campaign to replace outgoing Leader Tom Mulcair .
Singh , an Ontario legislator , is the only one of the four candidates who is not a federal politician , and he bore the brunt of the attacks in what was otherwise a relatively congenial faceoff between rivals whose campaigns overlap more than they diverge .
Manitoba MP Niki Ashton , who appeared by live feed because of flying restrictions related to her pregnancy , questioned Singh 's dedication to the federal NDP because of his unwillingness to commit to running for a seat in Parliament if he loses the leadership race .
`` I will be winning , and once I win , I will run federally , '' Singh said , prompting some cheers from the audience . `` I 'm absolutely running federally . No question about it . ''
Ashton 's responded with a reminder : `` I want to acknowledge that it 's up to the members to decide who is going to win this race . ''
The campaign 's two other candidates , Ontario MP Charlie Angus and Quebec MP Guy Caron , were also present for the debate .
Angus criticized what he described as Singh 's plan to restrict old age security , the federal government 's largest seniors benefit program .
`` I still ca n't get over the fact that you would put a means test on old-age security at $ 70,000 , '' Angus said .
`` Clearly you ca n't hear what I 'm saying . I 'm saying I 'm not changing — I 'm enhancing the program , '' Singh replied .
`` I do n't think you agree with ( old age security ) . I think you agree with letting seniors living in poverty , '' he told Angus , prompting gasps from the crowd . `` Because if you do n't understand the plan , how can you criticize it ? ''
124,000 eligible to vote
The NDP announced late last month that party membership had more than tripled since March , from 41,000 to 124,000 card-carrying New Democrats .
Singh 's team says it signed up 47,000 new members and Elections Canada data show his campaign raised more than $ 350,000 since he entered the race in May , dwarfing his rivals ' second-quarter fundraising numbers .
The considerable common ground that exists between the four candidates was apparent during the debate as they lambasted the Liberal government on everything from renegotiating the North America Free Trade Agreement to dealing with rising economic inequality and addressing climate change .
Diversity issues also came up as Ashton commended Singh , who is Sikh , for his handling of a racist heckler who interrupted a meet-and-greet last week .
A viral video of the incident shows a woman accusing Singh of promoting Shariah law and supporting the Muslim Brotherhood , as Singh tells her he supports her and will not be intimidated by hate .
`` It 's something that happens to racialized people across not just Canada , across the world , '' Singh told reporters after the debate when asked about the experience .
`` There are often times that people are faced with unfairness and injustice , and they respond with all sorts of grace and with dignity . ''
Singh added that he hopes the incident shows people he is able to respond well in unpleasant scenarios .
`` There 's a principle that my mom taught me about . It 's called 'chardi kala . ' It 's the idea of maintaining optimism in the face of adversity , '' he said . `` I hope I maintained 'chardi kala ' in that moment . ''
The first round of voting for the new NDP leader is scheduled to begin Sept. 18 , with first-round results to be announced Oct. 1 .
Candidates will have a final chance to pitch members for support next Sunday during a caucus retreat in Hamilton , Ont .
Verizon might have given up on Android Wear , but Google is still hard at work with its three-year-old wearable platform . That work now includes a beta program for Android Wear that allows folks to play around with upcoming features .
For some context , the beta program is extremely limited – unless you have the LG Watch Sport , the most you can do is hope that the beta program supports your watch . Also , and arguably most exciting , the features you test out through the beta program are currently based on Android 8.0 Oreo .
From a consumer standpoint , this might not amount to much , since we 're still talking about the Android Wear 2.0 interface . In other words , the main features still include standalone apps , complications , Google Assistant , and mobile payments , among others .
What the beta program currently does is upgrade the underlying API level to API 26 , which grants the beta access to notification channels and background limits . The former is particularly useful for those who rely on apps that have their own notifications rather than just forward the ones displayed on your phone , while the latter makes sure that does n't rapidly drain your battery in the background .
All put together , the features might seem small , but it furthers along Android Wear 's apparent desire to cut its dependence on your phone .
If you have an LG Watch Sport and want to sign up for the Android Wear beta program , just head here and sign up . The factory image will then be automatically downloaded , but keep in mind there are some known issues with the beta , all of which you can read up on at the source link below .
ANALYSIS/OPINION :
America has witnessed a war on masculinity over the past three decades perpetrated by well-intentioned over-parenting , the agenda-driven entertainment industry , dangerous political correctness , and deliberate political strategy .
Whether through misguided nurturing , intentional shaping of perceptions , fear of offending someone , or Democratic party politics , the result has produced an emasculation of American men rising to alarming heights—threatening traditional society and our economic future .
It starts as early as Kindergarten . Boys who act ‘ rambunctious ' are immediately prescribed Ritalin or Adderall to keep them docile and calm . While the number of girls being prescribed medication for attention deficit hyperactive disorder ( ADHD ) is on the rise , boys are prescribed ADHD drugs at over two and half times the rate of girls , according to a recent NBC news report .
In addition to their natural behavior being stifled through medication , American boys are subjected to constant positive reinforcement where no one is allowed to have their feelings hurt , lose a game , or make the Honor Roll .
Outside of school , an average American child 's every moment is now planned and supervised through play dates , organized extra-curricular activities , and helicopter-parenting . This social conditioning is creating a generation of male wimps that become cannon fodder for the demands of the real world .
The assault on males continues everyday through our media , best exemplified by the network television template for primetime sitcoms—from “ King of Queens ” to “ Modern Family ” , and “ The Big Bang Theory ” . Immature , usually overweight , lazy , spineless men navigate life by accident , dumb luck or with the help of superior female characters . While this may be reality for some , it reinforces the negative stereotype that any form of masculine behavior is to be marginalized , ridiculed and shunned .
The scourge of political correctness has seeped into every facet of American life and threatens to silence dissent , cower our leaders and weaken our military . Nowhere is this more apparent than the current social experimentation occurring on a regular basis in our armed forces—one of our last bastions of masculinity .
After speaking with dozens of U.S. Army soldiers , and as one myself , it is clear the massive social and cultural changes that have been forced onto the uniformed services , to include openly gay and—coming soon—self-identified transgendered service members . These changes have created confusion , contradictions , low morale and censorship among the ranks during a time of war .
Our highest ranking military leaders refuse to publicly oppose these measures for fear of removal by the Obama administration , and junior officers are discouraged from voicing their opinion for fear of investigation or harm to their career .
The result is an inordinate amount of the military 's time is now spent undergoing classes on cultural sensitivities , sexual harassment , suicide , and discrimination . Maybe this is why our Commander-in-Chief still can not bring himself to call ISIS a Muslim entity .
Giving everyone the benefit of the doubt , these first three causes for the emasculation of American men can be seen as well-intentioned . However , the last and perhaps most pernicious cause is a directed strategy by the Democratic party to produce as many voters dependent on the federal government as possible .
Democrats have realized that traditionally masculine traits stand in contrast to a culture of dependency and entitlement . It is no coincidence that nearly one-in-six Americans are on food stamps—a 50 percent increase under President Obama 's terms .
Voters whose political leanings stem from traditional beliefs of masculinity , both men and women , tend to reject pro-dependency and entitlement policies and candidates . By encouraging and fostering gender-warfare at all levels of society , the Democratic Party has been successful in stifling masculine thought and ensuring voters who espouse traditional beliefs of masculinity are marginalized and branded ‘ cavemen , ' ‘ anti-women , ' or worse .
Thankfully , it seems the 2014 election rejected these ploys , but rest assured , the Democrats will bring them back in 2016 . Winning one or two elections wo n't stop the systematic changes they have put in place in all elements of society . It is difficult to see how America survives as a leading world power unless we continue to resist these dramatic changes .
Christian Kachel is the author of “ Spoils of Olympus : By the Sword ” and served three combat tours in Afghanistan and Iraq for the Army .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
PHO # 1 Vietnamese restaurant ( 554 St. Peter St. , St. Paul ; facebook.com/Pho-1-Vietnamese-Restaurant-1627469130604385 ) , serving Vietnamese , Chinese and other Asian fare , recently opened in downtown St. Paul near the Minnesota state Capitol and St. Joseph 's Hospital . We chat with Quinn Nguyen , 34 , about how the restaurant came to be , his love for pho and more .
What 's your first food memory ? My mom 's cooking , such as braised pork with eggs . It just tastes really like Vietnamese home food . Every time I eat it , it 's home sweet home .
What did you want to be when you grew up ? I did n't know what I wanted to be .
What was your first job in food ? My uncles have a restaurant in Eden Prairie . I would go there and help out . My job before the restaurant was at a nail salon that I 've run for 17 years . I still own it .
Related Articles 9 questions with Herbie 's chef Joe Ruhland : Menu becomes more Minnesota-friendly
7 questions with Can Can Wonderland owner : New food and fun options on the way
8 questions with QC Pizza 's Dennis Schneekloth — just in time for National Pizza Day
9 questions with Hyacinth 's Rikki Giambruno : Keeping his Italian restaurant small is a big deal How did you wind up in the restaurant business for good ? I wanted to try something different . We like to cook and I told my wife , “ Why do n't we try opening a restaurant ? ” I had been looking for a space and I was on Craigslist when I saw the Babani 's space was available ( Babani 's relocated to the former Wabasha Deli space in St. Paul ) . I called , and there it was .
We have several kinds of pho , the Vietnamese rice noodle soup with beef or chicken , on the menu . I never get sick of it . Before we opened the restaurant , every time my wife asked me what I want to eat , I would say pho .
What 's your favorite dish on the menu right now ? Pho . We have good pad Thai , rice noodle salads and fried rice , too .
What 's the last thing you cooked at home ? A Vietnamese tomato stew , sautéed greens and braised pork with eggs — Vietnamese home food .
If you could eat or drink only five things for the rest of your life , what would they be ? Pho . Vietnamese crab noodle soup . Braised pork with eggs . Fried fish . Water .
What 's next ? Just try to keep getting more people in and have them enjoy their dining experience . I 'd like to continue to try to improve and keep adding more dishes .
The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday denied an emergency request by the Ohio Democratic Party to reinstate a lower court 's order that sought to bar Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and his supporters from intimidating voters at the polls .
The ruling marks another victory for Republicans , who have fought off a series of lawsuits in at least seven states that were brought by Democrats in the homestretch of the presidential race .
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote separately from the order that she voted to deny the request because Ohio law already forbids voter intimidation .
Democrats filed the lawsuit in Ohio , alleging that the Trump campaign has sought to encourage supporters monitor polling places on Election Day and to act in ways that might intimidate voters .
A federal judge sided Friday with Democrats and issued a temporary restraining order that prohibited both presidential campaigns from a variety of activities around polling places , including photographing prospective voters and their vehicles or interrogating or harassing voters inside polling places .
But in an order issued Sunday , a three-judge panel from the Cincinnati-based 6th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals stayed the lower court ruling , concluding that the Ohio Democratic Party “ did not demonstrate before the district court a likelihood of success on the merits , and that all of the requisite factors weigh in favor of granting the stay . ”
Democrats have filed similar lawsuits in Arizona , Nevada , New Jersey , Pennsylvania , North Carolina and Michigan .
Federal courts have already rejected claims filed in Arizona , Nevada and New Jersey .
Following a Monday hearing in the North Carolina lawsuit , the Associated Press reported that U.S. District Judge Catherine Eagles did not find evidence that Republicans and presidential candidate Donald Trump wanted supporters to intimidate North Carolina minority voters . However , the federal judge said she will keep an eye on what happens Tuesday and could consider sanctions there appears to be evidence of a coordinated effort to turn away voters in minority neighborhoods .
Cases brought in Pennsylvania and Michigan are still pending .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Buy Photo Investigators from multiple agencies searched the PreventaGenix office in Jackson , Tenn. , on Wednesday , Jan. 11 , 2017 . ( Photo : C.B . SCHMELTER/The Jackson Sun ) Buy Photo
A pharmaceutical representative has been released from federal custody after pleading guilty to threatening a Drug Enforcement Agency special agent in February .
John Kevin Phillips was released on time served . Court documents say he was arrested Feb. 25 on state charges of retaliation for past action . He was released July 5 .
According to court documents , Phillips threatened the lead case agent in an ongoing investigation into the Preventagenix clinic in North Jackson .
The clinic , run by Phillips ' best friend Jeff Young II , was the center of one of two search warrants executed by the DEA in January , including a search of Young 's North Jackson home .
The investigation is still ongoing , according to court documents .
Court documents say Phillips sent a text message to an employee at the Preventagenix clinic on Feb. 24 , threatening the lead agent on the Preventagenix investigation .
Phillips sent multiple messages to the employee and another woman , naming the agent and threatening to kill him and his children , according to court documents .
The text messages resulted in an indictment charging him with threats by interstate commerce .
On May 26 , Phillips pleaded guilty to the charges . As part of the plea agreement , court documents say he can have no contact , directly or indirectly , with Jeff Young or the employee involved in the investigation .
Phillips is also required to participate in drug testing and treatment , and alcohol counseling and treatment through the United States Probation Office .
Reach Maranda at mfaris2 @ jacksonsun.com or ( 731 ) 425-9657 and on Twitter @ MarandaFaris .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.jacksonsun.com/story/news/crime/2017/07/11/drug-rep-released-after-threats-dea-agent/467475001/
Hey Champions ! Your Champions Online Team wishes you a Happy St. Patrick 's Day !
Running low on Questionite ? Need to add some legacy auras to your collection ? Get double Questionite all this weekend !
This weekend , you 'll earn double Questionite from adventure zones , comic series wrapper missions , and daily alert missions . Stock up on precious Questionite and grab your favorites from the Q-Store , including exclusive travel powers , action figures and more .
Do n't forget you can also trade Questionite with other players for ZEN . If you 've got your eye on a brand-new costume set , aura or shiny new vehicle -- now 's your chance !
Bonus Questionite Start : 03/13/15 at 10:00 AM PST
Bonus Questionite End : 03/18/15 at 10:00 AM PST
The bonus Questionite weekend starts Friday and will run until Wednsday , so make sure to get in-game and start earning Questionite !
Charge ZEN now and pick up the latest items on the C-Store , or upgrade to Gold and get bonuses including freeform power selection , Gold costume sets , and Veteran Rewards !
Want more game details and screens ? Like Champions Online on Facebook for more fan-exclusive content and follow us on Twitter – tweet us your questions !
The text of the Harry Potter novels stayed almost the same over the ten years it took Rowling to write the saga . However , some variations and changes were made .
A number of differences exist between the Bloomsbury and the Scholastic editions of the Harry Potter books . Most of these differences were made by the US editors to clarify the text for American readers . For example , the UK version uses the term “ skip ” while the US edition uses the term “ dumpster. ” While some would contend that there is no reason why American readers could n't work out what a British term means , those kinds of changes do have some logic to them . However , some differences are a bit less easy to explain , such as the change which removed the number of Sirius 's Gringotts vault in the US version .
Probably the most infamous change of all is that of the title of book one . Rowling reluctantly went along with the change , which was suggested by Arthur Levine of Scholastic Books . She says that she now regrets her decision to allow the change , but at the time she felt that she had to go along with the advice of her editors . It never occurred to her that her books would be known the world over and that she would one day wish she could change it back . The change was made and now it 's part of Harry Potter history .
Differences Between British and US editions of the Books :
These pages list the specific differences between the British and American versions of the books . We have tried to include all changes , but every now and then a new one is spotted , and when that happens we do our best to list it here .
Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone / Sorcerer 's Stone
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Text also changed because Rowling was actively editing her books to fix errors and to adjust the story as she worked on the larger saga . As new editions of the books were released , these changes were incorporated into the text . The changes listed below are from a master list of edits circulated by Bloomsbury beginning summer 2004 . Many small errors in the text were fixed with this list . Many of the fixes are simple spelling or punctuation fixes and of little interest , but some of the changes fix more glaring inconsistencies .
Edits and changes to the text of the Books :
This list comes from the master list of corrections from Bloomsbury in 2004 . Some additional changes may have been made since , but this was the most important cumulative fix for books one through five .
Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
We have no list of changes made to Deathly Hallows . If we learn of any , we 'll create a list page .
One of the areas we 're putting a lot of work into is XBMC performance – we 've been a bit shocked on working through some data * to find that the Pi now appears to have more XBMC users than any other platform in the world , bar the PC ( we 've overtaken cracked Apple TV 2s ) , and we want to make sure you have the best possible experience with the software .
( If you 've started reading this and do n't understand a word of that first paragraph , head over to XBMC 's website to find out what XBMC is , what a media centre is and why you might want one , and then come back here . )
Dom Cobley and Ben Avison have been working on the platform for us , and the results so far are pretty impressive : video playback has always been good , but they 've really tidied up the user experience in the menu in particular , and browsing through your media collection , even if it 's as big as Dom 's , is now much smoother and faster .
We 've seen people online ( particularly over on the XBMC forums – and particularly particularly in response to posts asking for recommendations for cheap XBMC platforms ) calling Pi users fanbois , and announcing that the Pi is too laggy to be a real media player . That 's just not the case . If you 're running the latest firmware , XBMC on the Pi is more than useable : it 's something you can happily use as your main HTPC . Dom made this video so that when challenged , he and other XBMC users can demonstrate when asked that actually , the Pi 's pretty good at this stuff . He says : “ I 'd quite like the laggy complainers to have something concrete to look at and admit either ‘ actually it 's better than I thought ' , or admit they are speed freaks who need desktop PC class equipment. ” Here it is .
What you 're seeing here is OpenELEC with some performance patches Dom is currently working on , along with some other patches from Ben . We expect to see these patches appear in the standard OpenELEC and RaspBMC very soon . Those of you who are feeling brave can get Dom and Ben 's code – which is currently in beta – here . While it is n't stable yet ( we expect it to be very , very shortly ) it gives you a very good idea of where we 're going with this . Enjoy !
—
* If you 're trying to interpret the linked data and figure out where we got that statistic from , it 's helpful to understand that XBMC/12.2 Git:20130502-32b1a5e ( Linux ; Debian GNU/Linux 7.0 ( wheezy ) ; 3.6.11 ARMv6l ; http : //www.xbmc.org ) represents Raspberry Pis running RaspBMC , and the dozens of other ARMv6l platforms are OpenELEC on the Pi . OpenELEC appears more fragmented , as they tend to use bleeding-edge kernels . ( They are on 3.11.1 now . ) We do n't believe any other XBMC platforms use ARMv6 ( ATV2 is ARMv7 ) .
Everton set to sign Etienne Capoue for €10m to replace Marouane Fellaini
Reports in France this evening suggest Everton are closing in on the signing of Toulouse midfielder Etienne Capoue .
Sud Ouest have revealed in the last few minutes that Capoue will undertake a medical with Everton in the next couple of days .
The French international ( 4 caps ) is set for the Premier League with Everton and a transfer fee has been agreed with Toulouse for between 10 and 12 million euros .
Whilst Everton fans will welcome an expensive and glamorous signing , the deal will be bitter sweet as the suggestions in France are that Capoue has been brought in to replace Marouane Fellaini .
L'Equipe said last week that Fellaini would join Chelsea during this transfer window and it appears Everton boss David Moyes has brought in Capoue to cover the loss of the afro-haird Belgian .
Capoue is rated as one of the best players to have appeared for Toulouse in the last 20 years and undoubtedly has the physical attributes to succeed in the Premeir League .
The 24-year-old midfielder has played 18 times for Toulouse in 2012/2013 , scoring three goals and picked up four yellow cards . Video evidence below .
Second-quarter earnings reports are coming in , and they 're making Wall Street smile . Corporate profits are up . And big American companies are sitting on a gigantic pile of money . The 500 largest non-financial firms held almost a trillion dollars in the second quarter , and that money pile is growing larger this quarter . Profits that plummeted in the recession have bounced back . Big businesses have recovered almost 90 percent of what they lost .
So with all this money and profit , they 'll start hiring again , right ? Wrong - for three reasons .
First , lots of their profits are coming from their overseas operations . So that 's where they 're investing and expanding production .
GM now sells more cars in China than it does in the US , but makes most of them there . The company now employs 32,000 hourly workers in China . But only 52,000 GM hourly workers remain in the United States - down from 468,000 in 1970 .
GM is n't just hiring low-tech assembly workers in China . Last week the firm broke ground there on a $ 250 million advanced technology center to develop batteries and other alternative energy sources .
You and I and other American taxpayers still own over 60 percent of GM . We bought GM to save GM jobs , remember ?
GM officials say no American taxpayer money is being used to expand in China . But money is fungible . Because of our generosity , GM can now use the dollars it does n't have to spend in the United States meeting its American payrolls and repaying its creditors , for new investments in China .
Second , big U.S. businesses are investing their cash in labor-saving technologies . This boosts their productivity , but not their payrolls .
Last Friday , for example , Ford reported a $ 2.6 billion second-quarter profit . The firm is already more than two-thirds the way to equaling its record 1999 profits . But due to labor-saving technologies , Ford now has half as many employees as it did a decade ago .
Wall Street analysts are happy with Ford 's `` commitment to keeping capacity in check , '' according to the Wall Street Journal . Ford shares rose 5.2 percent Friday . `` Keeping capacity in check '' is the Street 's way of saying `` no new hiring . '' In fact , the Street is advising investors to sell the stocks of companies that talk openly of expanding capacity .
Finally , corporations are using their pile of money to pay dividends to their shareholders and buy back their own stock - thereby pushing up share prices .
Last Friday , GE announced it would raise its dividend by 20 percent and reinstate its share-buyback plan . It 's GE 's first dividend increase since the company cut its dividend in early 2009 . As a result , GE shares are up more than 5 % in the past few days .
Bottom line : Higher corporate profits no longer lead to higher employment . We 're witnessing a great decoupling of company profits from jobs .
The next supply-side economist who tells you companies need more incentive ( i.e . lower taxes ) before they 'll hire is living on another planet .
The reality is this : Big American companies may never rehire large numbers of workers . And they wo n't even begin to think about hiring until they know American consumers will buy their products . The problem is , American consumers wo n't start buying against until they know they have reliable paychecks .
I 'm going to stop estimating it . I 'm always wrong , as you 'll have noticed , and however much I forewarn you about that , I hate having to change the ETA again and again . It feels like I 'm artificially creating a constant stream of bad news for you guys , about a project that 's going incredibly well , is fun to do , and that I 'm making quickly and efficiently .
This is even dumber than it sounds . The single biggest advantage of being completely indie is that you have no external influences dictating how and when the game gets made . Even you guys are n't particularly pressuring me : whenever I do announce a delay , the comments are calm and wise : Fair enough / Take your time / Do it right .
But I do n't believe you . I work in fear of an imaginary community in my head , one that 's always on the verge of losing patience with me and interest in the game .
I took a week off work recently to work on Gunpoint full time , working 6am to midnight most days , and getting a crazy amount done . But the first time something took longer than I 'd scheduled for , I panicked .
It soured everything . I felt stressed , disillusioned about the virtue of what I was adding , and it got harder to focus . I started to get that feeling I sometimes had when I started on Gunpoint : “ What if it turns out I 'm just not smart enough to do this ? ”
The ETA was actually damaging the game , and that was the last straw for ETAs .
Estimating how long something will take to code is like estimating how long it 'll take to crack a combination padlock . If it 's the first code I try ? No time at all . If it 's none of the first 999 ? It 's going to take a while . You do n't know how long unless you know which attempt will succeed , and if you knew that the problem would already be solved .
My only objectives are to make an exciting game , and make it efficiently – using testing feedback to focus on what it really needs , and re-evaluating what I 'm working on , how long it 's taking , and whether it 's the best use of that time . I got that part down fairly early on , and it 's part of what makes Gunpoint fun to work on : I can see it rapidly getting better in both my own playtests and other people 's feedback . I 'm just going to stop adding arbitrary pressures to that cycle .
Thanks to everyone who 's been so cool about it so far . I 'll still be blogging a lot about the process and progress here , and if you like , I can just e-mail you when it 's out .
Researchers identified a portion of the brain that intensified the desire for certain rewards , such as cocaine . In the experiments , rats had to choose between two cocaine rewards by poking their noses through small holes in a wall . Image credit : Shelley WarlowANN ARBOR—Researchers have identified a portion of the brain that intensifies one 's desire for certain rewards—in this case , mimicking addiction to cocaine .
The new University of Michigan study found that activating part of the amygdala , an almond-shaped brain region , intensifies motivation to consume cocaine far beyond ordinary drug levels , similar to its ability to intensify motivation for sweet foods such as sugar .
“ This would suggest that the amygdala plays a key role in drug addiction , ” said Shelley Warlow , a U-M psychology graduate student and the study 's lead author .
In addiction , drugs become the sole object of desire . Yet many people try drugs without becoming addicted and lead normal lives pursuing a healthy balance of different rewards , or even giving up drugs entirely .
However , for addicts , drugs become so attractive as to cause intense motivation focused entirely on obtaining drugs at the expense of other normal life rewards .
“ Understanding brain areas and the mechanisms involved in this intense motivation will be important in developing treatments for addiction and other compulsive disorders , ” Warlow said .
Researchers first implanted rats with a catheter that allowed them to earn doses of cocaine by poking their noses into small holes in the wall
Whenever rats would poke their nose into one particular hole to earn intravenous cocaine , a laser light would also painlessly activate the neurons in the central amygdala at the same time . Poking their nose into a different hole earned identical cocaine , but never activated the amygdala .
When able to freely choose between those two cocaine rewards , rats focused only on the port that earned cocaine together with amygdala-activating laser , consumed much more cocaine than rats without amygdala activation , and avidly nibbled around the laser-cocaine hole as though seeking more . Rats were also willing to work almost three times harder for the cocaine when paired with amygdala activation , the study indicated .
Rats appeared to be indifferent to amygdala laser activation when offered by itself . The amygdala activation only intensified motivation when cocaine was also present . By contrast , when the researchers temporarily inactivated the amygdala using a painless drug infusion , rats completely stopped responding for cocaine altogether .
The study , which appears in the Journal of Neuroscience , was also conducted by Mike Robinson , assistant professor of psychology and neuroscience at Wesleyan University , and Kent Berridge , U-M 's James Olds Distinguished University Professor of Psychology and Neuroscience . The National Institute on Drug Abuse funded the research .
More information :
Everything you hear in this Essential Mix is created by his voice , some effects pads and a keyboard . Pretty impressive !
“ Beat boxer Beardyman unleashes a Radio 1 Essential Mix with a difference ! ”
Check out other Essential mixes in my archive and subscribe to the feed to get good music in the future . You can also follow Core News on Facebook and Twitter .
BBC Radio 1 Essential Mix 2011 01 15 Beat Boxing Beardyman [ Filetechnology download ]
Tracklist :
Charles Wright & The Watts 103rd Street Rhythm Band â€ ” Express Yourself
Hall & Oates â€ ” I Ca n't Go For That
Beardyman â€ ” You 're Not Part Of Me
A Tribe Called Quest â€ ” Can I Kick It
Saint Etienne â€ ” Only Love Can Break Your Heart
Beardyman â€ ” All The Girls Be Touching My Ooh
Cee Lo Green â€ ” Forget You
Kings of Tomorrow â€ ” Finally
Beardyman â€ ” Cheese And Crackers
Tomcraft â€ ” Happiness
Beardyman â€ ” Unzip My Armpits
Daft Punk â€ ” Da Funk
Underworld â€ ” King Of Snake
Beardyman â€ ” Going Deep
Shakedown â€ ” At Night
Beardyman â€ ” I Do n't Know
Beardyman â€ ” Get Dutty
Leftfield â€ ” Phat Planet
Beardyman â€ ” I Do n't Want To Be Your Friend
Beardyman â€ ” Pyramid , Square , Rectangle , Yeah !
Beardyman â€ ” Glonk
Frankie Goes to Hollywood â€ ” Power Of Love
Beardyman â€ ” We Do n't Know Where We 're Going
The Seeing I â€ ” The Beat Goes On
Beardyman â€ ” Back It Up
Beardyman â€ ” ‘ Av It
Beardyman â€ ” Not What You Planned For
Beardyman â€ ” Aahh
The Devlins â€ ” Crossing The River
Beardyman â€ ” Ready For The Burn
Leftfield â€ ” Release The Pressure
Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles ( Chuck ) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish ' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career ' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid : ' I do n't see anything ' Trump is doing right MORE ( D-N.Y. ) announced on Monday that he will oppose five additional nominees for President Trump 's Cabinet , calling them `` the worst '' of his picks .
`` Rep Mick Mulvaney for Budget Director , Rep Tom Price for Health and Human Services , Steve Mnuchin for Treasury , Scott Pruitt for EPA and Andy Puzder for Labor have repeatedly shown they will not put the American People or the Laws of our nation first , and I will vote against their confirmations , '' Schumer said in a Facebook post on Monday .
He added that he will oppose nominees `` who will be the very worst of this anti-immigrant , anti-middle-class , billionaires ' club cabinet . ''
ADVERTISEMENT
The Senate 's top Democrat had already announced that he will oppose Rex Tillerson to be secretary of State , Sen. Jeff Sessions Jefferson ( Jeff ) Beauregard SessionsTrump says he has n't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide : Ca n't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘ roadmap ' to impeachment Rosenstein : My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end ' MORE ( R-Ala. ) to be attorney general and Betsy DeVos for Education secretary .
Schumer pledged on Monday that `` nothing will change '' on his opposition to those three , and he said he `` will continue to demand that each nominee issue a public statement on his or her views of President Trump 's Muslim Ban . ''
But Democrats face an uphill battle to block any of Trump 's Cabinet nominees , who need only a simple majority to be confirmed . Republicans hold 52 seats in the Senate .
The Senate will take a first procedural vote on Tillerson 's nomination on Monday . Schumer wants the former Exxon Mobil CEO to weigh in on Trump 's recent executive order , which temporarily bans immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries , before the Senate takes up his nomination .
And Schumer is expected to ask for a vote on legislation that would nix the executive order , which also suspends the refugee program and indefinitely bars Syrian refugees , on Monday .
Schumer has n't voted against every Trump nominee . He supported James Mattis to lead the Pentagon , Rep. Mike Pompeo to be CIA Director , John Kelly to lead the Department of Homeland Security and Nikki Haley to be U.N. ambassador .
But the eight nominees Schumer has said he will oppose were each on a list of top targets that he and other Democrats outlined earlier this month .
Schumer added that the `` country is at a cross road '' roughly one week into the Trump administration .
`` In his first week in office the president has stomped over our proud American tradition of welcoming immigrants and refugees , trafficked in alternative facts , and is attempting to fill his cabinet with billionaires and bankers , '' he said .
House and Senate Democrats are scheduled to hold a rally against Trump 's executive orders outside the Supreme Court on Monday evening .
The year was 1962 and the place was Christchurch , New Zealand . Royal New Zealand Air Force pilot Robert ( Bob ) Moore was doing his training , flying over the city . Bob used the 206 ' ( 63m ) Christchurch Cathedral Spire as a landmark during his manoeuvres . He marvelled at the tiny toy-like buildings below . It fascinated him how the buildings interlocked so perfectly , like a jigsaw .
Photo of Bob Moore in Harvard plane that he viewed Christchurch from .
Years later , in 1979 , his memories of that experience became an idea for a strategy game involving players trying to build interlocking buildings around a cathedral . Now players could experience how ancient cities defended themselves against outside invasions and what the inner competition for landowners was like when playing this multi award-winning 2-player strategy game .
Image of Inspiration for Cathedral as Bob saw the city buildings .
After placing the Cathedral piece on the board , the object for both players is to occupy as much space as possible within the bordering walls . Taking turns , three-dimensional wooden mediaeval buildings and tower pieces are placed within the city . The more space a player holds , the less chance your opponent has to win .
Bob at the Auckland Easter show 1981 .
During a trip to New Zealand , American entertainer John Davidson was entranced by the wooden Cathedral game and brought it to the USA market until Family Games America Inc. took over world-wide distribution in '88 .
As the years have gone by , Cathedral has gone through many changes , from wood to plastic to stone and back to wood . Bob Moore is no longer with us , and the Christchurch cathedral spire was destroyed in 2010 during the earthquake . Yet Cathedral is marking the 40th Anniversary of its founding .
All goes to show that people with their head in the clouds can prove to be extremely grounded !
Get your copy of Cathedral here on Amazon .
Photo credits : Family Games America Inc./Family Bob Moore
Lin-Manuel Miranda . Photo : Neilson Barnard/2015 Getty Images
We 're all kicking ourselves for not seeing Broadway 's latest darling , Hamilton , while it was still in previews at the Public Theater — since the move , tickets are almost impossible to get . But last night at the New Yorker Festival , Lin-Manuel Miranda , writer and star of the hit show , offered a glimmer of hope : Fear not , Broadway nerds , they are filming Hamilton ! “ You-couldn't-make-it-up filmmakers have been coming to the show , ” Miranda said . “ I have talked to producers about filming this cast before this cast moves on. ” He said they will definitely film the production before June , but the team is still undecided about what the format will look like . Fingers crossed for a telecast à la MTV 's Legally Blonde . While you dream about that , scope out more highlights from his talk below :
On the upcoming Hamilton mixtape
One of the songs the project will feature is a rap battle about slavery , which was cut in workshops . “ It was enormously cathartic to write because you write about these men who wrote great things but also had this other legacy lived within the system that was horrible and abusive . It just brought the show to a screeching halt . ”
On receiving his MacArthur Foundation “ Genius Grant ”
Miranda , who also wrote and starred in the Tony-winning production of In the Heights , in September received the MacArthur Foundation 's “ Genius Grant ” for his work . But after leaving his cable provider three weeks earlier ( Time Warner for Fios , if you were wondering ) , he thought that multiple calls from the foundation to notify him was the cable company .
“ I see a strange phone number with a strange area code and I went , ‘ voice mail . ' It 's Time Warner — they want me back . It comes again , voice mail . Third time , I 'm ready for a fight . The person on the other end of the phone says , ‘ Hi , is this Lin-Manuel Miranda ? ' ‘ Yeah ! What 's this about ? ' I was ready to go into , ‘ It 's done . It 's here . Your box freezes every half hour — 30 arguments ready . And she goes , ‘ This is Christina from the MacArthur Foundation . You 're one of our MacArthur Fellows . ' ‘ Oh , I thought you were cable ! ' I was very relieved it was n't cable . ”
On dream collabs
In the Q & A portion of the talk , an audience member asked Miranda if he would collaborate with fellow Latino writer Junot Díaz , who also spoke at the festival last weekend . He seemed game . “ If Junot ever had an idea for a musical , I hope he would come to me first , ” he said . “ But , barring that , I 'm not going to tell him how to write his books . He 's a genius. ” How about it ? The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao : The Musical — err , okay , maybe not that .
Update : After his panel , Miranda sent out some tweets to clarify that he merely wants to film Hamilton .
1 ) Gmorning .
I said we WANT to film the show with this cast before the year is out .
That 's all I said .
There are no plans for anything yet . — Howl-exander Hell-milton ( @ Lin_Manuel ) October 5 , 2015
I have been predicting this for a number of years . But now it is really happening , and at a truly amazing , historically unprecedented speed : The number of untested , but freely available psychoactive substances is dramatically rising . In the European Union new drugs were detected at the rate of roughly one per week during the previous year , according to the EMCDDA– Europol 2011 annual report on new psychoactive substances , released on 26 April 2012 .
A total of 49 new psychoactive substances were officially notified for the first time in 2011 via the EU early-warning system . This represents the largest number of substances ever reported in a single year , up from 41 substances reported in 2010 and 24 in 2009 . All in all this means 164 new drugs since 2005—but also that the annual record has now been broken for three years in a row .
All of the new compounds reported in 2011 were synthetic . They are cooked up in underground labs , but increasingly organized crime begins to develop the market and import them , for example from China . Almost nothing is known about pharmacology , toxicology , or general safety ; almost all of these substances have never been tested in vivo or in animal models . This makes the situation difficult for medical staff at psychiatric emergency units , with kids coming in tripping on substances the names of which doctors have never even heard during their university education . The doctors have not heard of these substances because the substances did not yet exist while the doctors were being trained .
I sometimes naively tend to assume that in the end most of these substances will turn out to be rather benign , but even for `` Spice Drugs '' ( that is , synthetic cannabinoids sprayed on herbal smoking mixtures , often marketed as `` Legal Highs '' ) deaths and serious heart problems have now already been reported in young , healthy adolescents .
Last October a 21-year old in New Orleans died from taking only one single drop of 25-I ( 25I-NBOMe ) , a new synthetic hallucinogenic drug . In the USA , at least 3 more deaths from this new phenethylamine ( originally discovered in Germany ) have been reported from Minnesota and North Carolina , with victims being 17 , 18 and 25 years old .
Everybody knows about acute adverse reactions , psychotic effects , addiction—we do have some cultural experience . But what about long-term effects such as early-onset cognitive decline , say , a somewhat steeper slope as in normal ageing ? Unexpected carcinogenic agents ? It would take us very long to discover and verify such effects .
Does anybody remember Thalidomide ? The situation is now completely out of hand . And it is a complicated situation : We might ban ( or attempt to ban ) early generations of substances with low health hazard profiles , creating a psychopharmacological arms race , leading to a replacement by ever new and potentially more dangerous compounds .
In 2011 , the list of substances registered was dominated by synthetic cannabinoids ( 23 new compounds on the market ) and synthetic cathinones ( 8 new molecules ) . They now represent the two largest drug groups monitored by the European early warning system and make up around two-thirds of the new drugs reported last year – but , of course , this may change soon . The War on Drugs has failed , but the process of scientific discovery is going on . The number of substances in the illegal market will increase , and perhaps altogether new categories of drugs will emerge – plus the corresponding `` neurophenomenological state-classes '' , as I like to call them .
What are the main causal factors that have brought about this development ?
First , it is a combination of scientific progress and human nature : Fundamental research , for example in neuropharmacology , simply moves on , new knowledge and newly developed technologies meet age-old human desires for spiritual self-transcendence , hedonism and recreation . Plus greed .
For me , new psychoactive substances are a paradigm example how neurotechnology turns into consciousness technology ( I like to call it `` phenotechnoloy '' ) . Low-level , nuts-and-bolts molecular neuropharmacology creates not only new forms of subjective experience , but also high-level effects for society as a whole . Invisible risks . New industries . Emerging markets .
The second causal factor is the Internet . An `` internet snapshot '' conducted in January 2012 resulted in 693 online shops offering at least one psychoactive substance or product , rising from 314 in January 2011 and 170 in January 2010 .
Recipes for many of these new illegal substances , as well as first-person reports about the phenomenology associated with different dosages , are available on the Internet—easily accessed by the alternative psychotherapist in California , the unemployed professor of chemistry in Ukraine , or the Chinese mafia . And now the sheer , increasing speed at which new drugs appear on the market makes all established procedures obsolete .
But there is at least one deeper reason for the situation we will have to face in the decades to come : Half a century ago the Western world deliberately opted for a culture of denial and repression . In the Sixties , we first witnessed a semisynthetic psychedelic drug of the ergoline family spread around the world , with millions of new users , and a new generation of underground chemists . The appearance of LSD was a historically new situation .
We might perhaps have had a chance to deal with the challenge then , rationally , based on ethical arguments . The really difficult , and most important , task would have been to honestly weigh the psychological and social risks against a general principle of liberty and the intrinsic value of the experiences resulting from one or another altered brain state . But we decided to push it underground and look the other way . Half a century later , a globalized and scientifically well-informed underground chemistry strikes back . More kids are going to die . It would be starry-eyed optimism to think that we can still control the situation .
Share . Announcement likely coming at E3 2011 . Announcement likely coming at E3 2011 .
The wait for the reveal of Bungie 's newest project with publisher Activision may only be a year away .
During an interview with IGN this afternoon , Activision COO 14222086.html '' class= '' autolink '' > Thomas Tippl dropped a few hints about when the studio will pull the curtain back on its game .
`` We are super excited about the project that [ Bungie ] is working on , which they will start talking about once Halo : Reach is out the door , '' Tippl said . `` It 's a very ambitious and phenomenal project , and in our view , matches very well with what gamers expect these days and where the industry is going . ''
Tippl also gave a few reasons why Activision would sign a lengthy 10-year publishing deal on an unproven , new franchise .
`` We spent nine months with them to figure out what 's the best way to work together , and we came to a great solution that works for them and works for us , '' he said . `` We would n't have [ signed the deal ] unless it was a 10-year type of relationship as opposed to a one-off . ''
`` We also would n't have done that if it would n't also make financial sense for us , and Bungie would n't have done that if they did n't think we are the best partner that can take that new game universe to the broadest possible audience . ''
Tippl also highlighted Activision 's strong online capabilities as a reason Bungie signed with the publisher .
`` Bungie would n't have signed if they did n't come to the conclusion that we have by far the best online capability between what we 've be doing in Call of Duty and the expertise and institutional knowledge that sits at Blizzard . ''
When asked if Bungie fans should expect an announcement next year , Tippl teased the game will likely be revealed at E3 2011 .
`` Probably next E3 , I would guess , '' he said . `` You 'll hear more about it . ''
A Mathematician , A Physicist and an Engineer ...
Fire
An engineer is working at his desk in his office . His cigarette falls off the desk into the wastebasket , causing the papers within to burst into flames . The engineer looks around , sees a fire extinguisher , grabs it , puts out the flames , and goes back to work . A physicist is working at his desk in another office and the same thing happens . He looks at the fire , looks at the fire extinguisher , and thinks `` Fire requires fuel plus oxygen plus heat . The fire extinguisher will remove both the oxygen and the heat in the wastebasket . Ergo , no fire . '' He grabs the extinguisher , puts out the flames , and goes back to work . A mathematician is working at his desk in another office and the same thing happens . He looks at the fire , looks at the fire extinguisher , and thinks for a minute , says `` Ah ! A solution exists ! '' and goes back to work .
Woman in a bar
A mathematician and an engineer are sitting at a table drinking when a very beautiful woman walks in and sits down at the bar . The mathematician sighs . `` I 'd like to talk to her , but first I have to cover half the distance between where we are and where she is , then half of the distance that remains , then half of that distance , and so on . The series is infinite . There 'll always be some finite distance between us . '' The engineer gets up and starts walking . `` Ah , well , I figure I can get close enough for all practical purposes . ''
Prime numbers
A mathematician , physicist , and engineer are taking a math test . One question asks `` Are all odd numbers prime ? '' The mathematician thinks , `` 3 is prime , 5 is prime , 7 is prime , 9 is not prime -- nope , not all odd numbers are prime . '' The physicist thinks , `` 3 is prime , 5 is prime , 7 is prime , 9 is not prime -- that could be experimental error -- 11 is prime , 13 is prime , yes , they 're all prime . '' The engineer thinks , `` 3 is prime , 5 is prime , 7 is prime , 9 is prime , 11 is prime , ... ''
Sheep in Scotland
A mathematician , a physicist , and an engineer are riding a train through Scotland . The engineer looks out the window , sees a black sheep , and exclaims , `` Hey ! They 've got black sheep in Scotland ! '' The physicist looks out the window and corrects the engineer , `` Strictly speaking , all we know is that there 's at least one black sheep in Scotland . '' The mathematician looks out the window and corrects the physicist , `` Strictly speaking , all we know is that at least one side of one sheep is black in Scotland . ''
Hunting
A physicist , engineer and a statistician are out hunting . Suddenly , a deer appears 50 yards away . The physicist does some basic ballistic calculations , assuming a vacuum , lifts his rifle to a specific angle , and shoots . The bullet lands 5 yards short . The engineer adds a fudge factor for air resistance , lifts his rifle slightly higher , and shoots . The bullet lands 5 yards long . The statistician yells `` We got him ! ''
Variation on a joke from Chris Maltby
Difference between a mathematician and a physicist
After taking a course in mathematical physics , I wanted to know the real difference between Mathematics and Physicists . A professor friend told me `` A Physicist is someone who averages the first 3 terms of a divergent series ''
Benjamin Jones
At the races
A Statistician , Engineer and Physicist go to the horse track . Each have their system for betting on the winner and they 're sure of it . After the race is over , the Statistician wanders into the nearby bar , defeated . He notices the Engineer , sits down next to him , and begins lamenting : `` I do n't understand it . I tabulated the recent performance of all these horses , cross-referenced them with trends for others of their breed , considered seasonal variability , everything . I could n't have lost . '' `` Yeah , '' says the Engineer , `` well , forget that . I ran simulations based on their weight , mechanical ratios , performance models , everything , and I 'm no better off . '' Suddenly , they notice a commotion in the corner . The Physicist is sitting there , buying rounds and counting his winnings . The Engineer and Statistician decide they 've got to know , so they shuffle over and ask him , `` what 's your secret , how 'd you do it ? '' The Physicist leans back , takes a deep breath , and begins , `` Well , first I assumed all the horses were spherical and identical ... ''
Jeff Vavasour on rec.arts.sf.tv.babylon5.moderated
Red rubber ball
A mathematician , a physicist , and an engineer are given the task of finding how high a particular red rubber ball will bounce when dropped from a given height onto a given surface . The mathematician derives the elasticity of the ball from its chemical makeup , derives the equations to determine how high it will bounce and calculates it . The physicist takes the ball into the lab , measures its elasticity , and plugs the variables into a formula . The engineer looks it up in his red rubber ball book .
Kathryn Huxtable on rec.arts.sf.tv.babylon5.moderated
Point of View
A physicist , a biologist and a mathematician sit in a sidewalk cafe , looking at the building across the road . Two people go into the building , then three people come out . Physicist : `` This must be a measuring error ! '' Biologist : `` This is proof of procreation ! '' Mathematician : `` If one more person goes into the building , it will be empty ! ''
rec.humor.funny
Theorem
There was a mad scientist who kidnapped three colleagues , an engineer , a physicist , and a mathematician , and locked each of them in seperate cells with plenty of canned food and water but no can opener . A month later , returning , the mad scientist went to the engineer 's cell and found it long empty . The engineer had constructed a can opener from pocket trash , used aluminum shavings and dried sugar to make an explosive , and escaped . The physicist had worked out the angle necessary to knock the lids off the tin cans by throwing them against the wall . She was developing a good pitching arm and a new quantum theory . The mathematician had stacked the unopened cans into a surprising solution to the kissing problem ; his dessicated corpse was propped calmly against a wall , and this was inscribed on the floor in blood : Theorem : If I ca n't open these cans , I 'll die .
Proof : assume the opposite ... The mathematician had stacked the unopened cans into a surprising solution to the kissing problem ; his dessicated corpse was propped calmly against a wall , and this was inscribed on the floor in blood : ( name unknown ) , Reed College , Portland , OR
rec.humor.funny
Fence
An engineer , a physicist and a mathematician have to build a fence around a flock of sheep , using as little material as possible . The engineer forms the flock into a circular shape and constructs a fence around it . The physicist builds a fence with an infinite diameter and pulls it together until it fits around the flock . The mathematicians think for a while , then builds a fence around himself and defines himself as being outside .
rec.humor.funny.reruns
A scientific metajoke
An engineer , a physicist and a mathematician find themselves in an anecdote , indeed an anecdote quite similar to many that you have no doubt already heard . After some observations and rough calculations the engineer realizes the situation and starts laughing . A few minutes later the physicist understands too and chuckles to himself happily as he now has enough experimental evidence to publish a paper . This leaves the mathematician somewhat perplexed , as he had observed right away that he was the subject of an anecdote , and deduced quite rapidly the presence of humour from similar anecdotes , but considers this anecdote to be too trivial a corollary to be significant , let alone funny .
rec.humor.funny.reruns
The last time we posted about Josh Duggar ( below ) , one of TLC 's “ 19 Kids and Counting ” and the Executive Director of Family Research Council 's FRC Action , he was working hard to overturn a nondiscrimination bill in Fayetteville , Arkansas in order to make life worse for LGBT citizens in the area .
His hate group has repeatedly said LGBT people pose a threat to children , alleging that there 's a link between homosexuality and pedophilia and that gay parents are somehow worse than straight ones .
Turns out Josh Duggar is far more dangerous to children than the LGBT people he has demonized for so long .
According to a police report obtained by In Touch magazine , several years ago , Josh was accused of touching five underage girls on their breasts and vaginas . ( Four of them were his sisters . Some of them were sleeping when he molested them . )
His father , Jim Bob Duggar , knew about these accusations as early as March of 2002… but did n't do anything about it until March of 2003 .
At that point , he did n't go to the police . He went to his church leaders .
James said that after these incidents , he had met with the elders of his church and had told them what was going on . James said that they all agreed that [ Josh ] needed to be put into a treatment program . James said that one of the elders was a chaplain at the Piney Ridge program at Vista Hospital . James said that they had concerns about the program at Piney Ridge because they felt [ Josh ] might be exposed to other offenders and other things that they did not want his him exposed to . James said that one of the elders was an ex-prison guard and told them that some of the programs for juveniles were finishing schools where juveniles learned how to offend from other offenders . James said that they found out about a Christian program in Little Rock which they felt more comfortable with . James said that he could not remember the name of the program , but that it was conducted by a Christian ministry in the old Veterans Hospital in Little Rock and the man who ran it was Harold Walker . James said that he thought that the program was affiliated with the Little Rock Police Department since they had a station in the same building . James said that the program consisted of hard physical work and counseling . James said that [ Josh ] was in the program from March 17 , 2003 until July 17 , 2003 .
None of this was reported to actual police until Josh returned from the Little Rock program . And he barely received a slap on the wrist from them , his “ punishment ” boiling down to “ a very stern talk about [ what ] might happen… if [ Josh ] continued such behavior . ”
As for the program Josh was sent to ,
Michelle [ Duggar ] told police , according to the report , “ it was not really a training center . Det . [ Darrell ] Hignite asked if the guy [ redacted , Josh ] talked to was a certified counselor . She said no . She said it was a guy they know in Little Rock that is remodeling a building . Det . Hignite asked if the guy was more of a mentor . She said “ kind of . ”
So kids got molested and Josh basically got off with a warning and some manual labor .
All of this came to light because , when the Duggars were scheduled to appear on Oprah Winfrey 's show in 2006 , an email ( written by an unidentified older woman ) was sent to her studios with these allegations . Oprah 's staff passed it along to authorities , and Springdale police eventually conducted an investigation , leading to the report . The details were n't uncovered until this week .
“ Twelve years ago , as a young teenager , I acted inexcusably for which I am extremely sorry and deeply regret . I hurt others , including my family and close friends , ” Josh , 27 , tells PEOPLE in a statement . “ I confessed this to my parents who took several steps to help me address the situation . We spoke with the authorities where I confessed my wrongdoing , and my parents arranged for me and those affected by my actions to receive counseling . I understood that if I continued down this wrong road that I would end up ruining my life . ”
Josh does n't deny any of it , telling People magazine
As we now know , his parents did n't take any actual steps to address the situation for over a year .
The authorities did n't get involved until much later .
The counseling he received was n't even conducted by a trained professional .
And he helped rebuild a house , not change his behavior .
( Also , saying he “ acted inexcusably ” does n't do justice to the girls he molested . )
His parents are n't helping either :
“ Back 12 years ago our family went through one of the most difficult times of our lives , ” Jim Bob , 49 , and Michelle , 48 , said in a joint statement . “ When Josh was a young teenager , he made some very bad mistakes , and we were shocked . We had tried to teach him right from wrong . That dark and difficult time caused us to seek God like never before . ”
I once made a mistake . I drew on a bedroom wall with crayons .
Josh Duggar did n't just make a mistake . He committed a serious crime . I knew they 're his parents , but to treat molestation as a “ mistake ” is the same sort of idiotic equivalence Christians use when they describe everything as a “ sin ” no matter how serious it is .
Duggar resigned from Family Research Council yesterday , but no one affiliated with the hate group has said anything worthwhile yet . President Tony Perkins simply said in a statement , “ We will be praying for everyone involved. ” He said nothing substantive about the allegations .
I would just add a couple of things :
If a gay parent was even accused what Josh Duggar actually did , conservative Christians would be screaming from the rooftops about the dangers of homosexuality . They would act as if every gay person could one day be guilty of the same crime . So pay close attention to how the Christian Right reacts to this story . Will they treat this as a one-off case that has no implications for broader conservative Christian culture ? Will they recognize the hateful hypocrisy of their messages ? Or will they just call it a “ sin , ” blame the devil , and show forgiveness ?
( And if they do that , why is the same response never extended to anybody outside their circles ? )
And as much as we may want to revel in schadenfreude , remember that five little girls are the real victims here . I know no one is taking joy in what happened to them , but it would be easy for the media to ignore them in the days to follow . We still have n't heard from any of them — and we do n't know what the long-term ramifications will be for what Josh Duggar put them through .
Josh and his wife are also expecting their fourth child . No word on how any of this affects his children .
Finally , as @ TheTweetOfGod said in a now-deleted tweet ,
Publishers Have A New Strategy For Neutralizing Open Access -- And It 's Working
from the pushback-time dept
Over the last few years , Techdirt has been reporting on a steady stream of victories for open access . Along the way publishers have tried various counter-attacks , which all proved dismal failures . But there are signs that they have changed tack , and come up with a more subtle -- and increasingly successful -- approach .
Here , for example , is a fascinating analysis by Mike Taylor of what he calls `` The progressive erosion of the RCUK open access policy '' . The RCUK is Research Councils UK , the umbrella group for the UK 's seven Research Councils that hand out grants to academics . A year ago , RCUK released its draft policy on open access . As Taylor says : it was excellent . It did not accept non-commercial clauses ( on either Gold or Green OA ) , and allowed Green-OA embargoes of no more that six months ( with a twelve-month exception for two humanities councils ) . `` It is anticipated that the revised policy will be adopted in summer 2012 '' A crucial issue here is the distinction between `` Gold '' open access , which takes place through journals , and `` Green '' open access , which uses online repositories . Here 's how Wikipedia defines the two terms : Green OA Self Archiving Authors publish in any journal and then self-archive a version of the article for free public use in their institutional repository , in a central repository ( such as PubMed Central ) , or on some other OA website . What is deposited is the peer-reviewed postprint -- either the author 's refereed , revised final draft or the publisher 's version of record . Green OA journal publishers endorse immediate OA self-archiving by their authors . and Gold OA Publishing Authors publish in an open access journal that provides immediate OA to all of its articles on the publisher 's website . ( Hybrid open access journals provide Gold OA only for those individual articles for which their authors ( or their author 's institution or funder ) pay an OA publishing fee . ) As Taylor noted above , the original RCUK policy did not accept non-commercial clauses for either kind , limited Green OA embargoes to six months ( Gold OA would have no embargoes ) , and would start in summer 2012 . Here 's what happened afterwards : July 2012 : actual policy released . Weakened to allow publishers to impose non-commercial clauses on Green OA . ( They did n't tell anyone they 'd made this change , as far as I ever saw . I discovered it for myself . ) `` The policy applies to all research papers whose work was funded by RCUK being submitted for publication from 1 April 2013 ''
November 2012 : RCUK announce that they will only fund APCs [ `` author processing charges '' -- fees paid by authors ' academic institutions so that articles can be released free of charge ] for 45 % of articles as Gold OA .
January 2013 : RCUK announce that they `` will not enforce '' embargo periods .
February 2013 : In response to House of Lords enquiry , RCUK clarifies `` that it will gradually phase in its open access policy over a five year implementation phase '' . BIS [ UK Government 's Department for Business , Innovation & Skills ] and RCUK both endorse embargo-period `` decision tree '' that allows embargoes of up to two years . As Taylor puts it bluntly : At every single step of the way , the RCUK policy has been weakened . From being the best and most progressive in the world , it 's now considerably weaker than policies already in action elsewhere in the world , and hardly represents an increment on their 2006 policy . And he asks : Can anyone doubt that the nobbling of a truly progressive policy was the result of lobbying by a truly regressive publishing industry ? It 's been a tragedy to watch this policy erode away from something dramatic to almost nothing . Once more , it 's publishers versus everyone else . This seems to be the publishers ' new strategy against open access : not to fight it directly , but to use constant lobbying to inflict a kind of death by a thousand cuts -- slicing off a provision here , lengthening an embargo there , pushing implementation further and further into the future -- until the final result is almost no different from the status quo .
Disturbingly , there are signs this has may be happening in the US , too . As Michael Eisen points out on his blog , the recent statement from the White House on public access to publicly-funded research has one retrogressive element that may presage worse to come : When the NIH policy was announced , people like me who believe that publicly funded works should be immediately freely available looked at the 12 month embargo period as a kind of opening bid -- a concession to publishers that was necessary to get the policy off the ground , but which would ultimately disappear .
But now the White House has taken the 12 months embargo period and reified it . Year long delays are no longer an experiment by one agency . They are , in effect , the law of the land . Moreover : Clearly the publishers got what they wanted out of the White House . And do you really think it 's going to stop there ? They have established their ability to corrupt policy making , and will continue to exploit it . I predict that as these policies are implemented in different agencies , that they will be heavily tilted towards what the publishers want . There will be no central archives – just links out to publishers websites . And there will be pressure to increase -- not decrease -- embargo periods . Just as they have already done in the UK .
Follow me @ glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca , and on Google+
Filed Under : changes , open access , publishers
About Bonsai ' Rates Explorer
We have released this tool to visualize freelance designer and developer rates by experience level , skill , and geography . We 'll discuss how the tool was made , how to use it , some interesting findings , and its implications for the freelance industry .
Why Build a Freelance Rate Explorer
Simply put , knowledge is power . New and experienced freelancers alike find a hard time defining the right prices for their services . Once they 've decided on a rate , justifying it to a client who has little experience working with freelancers can be challenging .
There are many sites like Glassdoor that offer salary data comparisons for full time employees . However , there is n't a site like this dedicated to provide insights on freelancers rates . We had this data , so we built the Rate Explorer to make it easy for freelancers to compare their rates in the largest publicly available rates database on the internet .
How the Freelance Rate Explorer Was Made
Bonsai 's core product is a free work contract creator for freelance designers and developers . To create a contract , freelancers must describe their work and enter terms like payment details and deadlines . Users have created over 30,000 contracts for work ranging from iOS development to Wordpress design to graphic illustration .
This data is already quite structured , so aggregating and analyzing it was straightforward . The only complicated step was mapping the free text description of work to skill set tags ( e.g. , front end development , iOS development , UI/UX design , etc ) .
To do this , we wrote a small script to programmatically identify these skills in the job description and tag them . We also hired freelancers to spot check and review these tags to ensure accuracy . We completed this data together with clients and freelancers surveys which helped us precise our figures and findings .
Bonsai only supports contracts in the US , UK , and Canada for now , so there 's no visualization for freelancers in other countries yet . However , we allowed users to enter their own rates for any type of work and in other countries so we can enrich the tool with additional locations or skills in the future .
How to Use the Freelance Rate Explorer
Pricing can be a complicated subject , and many factors should go into pricing your work . These can include the demand for your services at that time , your short and long term career goals , your relationship with the client , and the non-monetary value you get from working with the client ( e.g. , adding a big name to your portfolio , networking , etc ) .
The Freelance Rate Explorer should be used as a directional indicator to help you position yourself against the community . Beyond that , you should take into account all the other factors particular to your relationship with the client and project .
Interesting Findings
There are a few general points that held true across the data :
- Developers earn about 30 % more than designers across experience levels and geographies
This happens to be true even for highest charging designers ( ie Product Designers ) when compared to lowest charging developers ( Front-end / Android )
- Design rates ( in particular graphic design ) hardly reach $ 60 per hour for all locations and experience levels
While developers can see their rates increase quickly with their gaining experience ( typically after 3 years ) , most experienced designers grow rates at a slower pace . The most common explanation we 've heard for this is local or international competition at lower rates , including from part time designers . The lower barrier to entry for design types , plus the smaller project sizes , leads to lower rates .
- Freelancers in the US west and east cost earn more than those in the midwest and south by around 10 %
This could be due to higher competition and / or costs of living in those areas , but coastal regions generally had higher rates than the south and midwest . This was surprising to us , giving how much design and development work can be done remotely , but it 's a reminder of how important local relationships can be in finding work ( and determining your rate ! ) .
- The most significant shifts in rates happen between 1-3 years and 3-5 years
For all skills and locations , the most significant jump in compensation per experience level comes between the 1-3 and 3-5 year categories . Having spoken with our users , this can be most often attributed to them developing essential business skills ( project management , negotiation ... ) , developing their knowledge about their market and their clients , building a strong portfolio and leveraging their network .
Next Steps
We 're continuing to add data and features to the Rate Explorer . Our contracts data for the US feeds directly into it . As soon as we have sufficient data for other geographies and skill types , we will open those visualizations .
We also created a dedicated page for marketing consultants & freelance marketers to find more information about rates . Please visit the following page to find out more : Marketing consultant rates .
You can help by adding your rate and sharing with others to do the same . The more data we have , the more valuable the tool becomes for everyone !
‍
When we have time , we also write analyses of rates in individual markets . Here are a few of our recent write ups :
This is a petition to the White House to order a federal investigation the Berkeley Police Department , and find out who is instructing police to `` stand down '' as riots break out in front of them , causing dozens to get injured . There is someone higher up who is not fulfilling their obligation to the citizens of Berkeley by refusing to keep them safe from political violence , and this person ( or persons ) must be held accountable for their negligence and/or abuse of power .
As we saw at the most recent riot , if the state does not intervene and create order , the violence will only increase the fewer citizens can rely on police to protect their rights . This is a recipe for chaos , and should not be permitted in any civilized society . Taxpayers fund police departments in order to protect our ability
Margaret Mead looks deadpan into the camera .
The renowned sociologist is describing a world full of homosexuals—tribes in Siberia , isolated cultures in the South Seas , and even American Indian populations stateside .
Her point : Homosexuality “ is found in people at every level of culture ” and “ it 's society that says that this is either good or bad behavior . ”
While this may be common knowledge today , it was a bold statement to announce to a nationwide audience in 1961 when Mead filmed the segment for The Rejected , the first gay-themed documentary to reach the masses .
The Rejected aired on San Francisco 's KQED network on September 11 , 1961 , revealing an intriguing support of the LGBT community . But the footage had never been found—until now .
Archivists Alex Cherian and Robert Chehoski , who spent some six years researching and tracking down the 60-minute footage , finally found this illuminating needle in a haystack and made it available to the public .
“ After searching with nothing to show but secondhand reports about the film , I was ready to give up , ” Cherian , an archivist for the J. Paul Leonard Library at San Francisco State University , told The Daily Beast . “ When we finally managed to release The Rejected online in 2015 , it made all the frustration worthwhile . ”
“ It was very exciting , ” Chehoski , an archivist for KQED , told The Daily Beast . “ I kind of could n't believe it . It 's a huge part of our history and just shows what kind of incredible work KQED was doing back then . ”
The Rejected portrays gays as being just like everyone else , an idea that would be a no-brainer today but was far from the norm in 1961 .
Today , support for the LGBT community is at an all-time high . After decades of fighting for equal rights , the U.S. Government may finally make same-sex marriage a constitutional right .
These accomplishments were all but unfathomable when The Rejected was made in 1961 .
“ The main take-away is that society needs to change rather than the homosexual , which I think was a very bold message for that period—and a very accurate one , ” Bob Connelly , a professor of Women 's Gender and Sexuality Studies at American University in Washington , D.C. , told The Daily Beast . That attitude makes the film “ incredibly progressive for its time . ”
The Rejected relies on psychiatrists , lawyers , religious officials , and advocates to dispel the shame surrounding homosexuality .
The documentary features psychiatrist Karl Bowman , who discusses the Kinsey scale of human sexuality to educate Americans about the pervasiveness of homosexuality .
The scale ranges from zero to six : zero being exclusively heterosexual and six being exclusively homosexual , with the general population falling somewhere in between .
Bowman cites Kinsey 's research that one in six males are more homosexual than heterosexual along with other figures from the era . “ Four percent of all adult males being completely homosexual and having only homosexual activity , ” Bowman says in The Rejected .
For what it 's worth , a recent study from Gallup also indicates 4 percent of Americans identify as LGBT .
Bowman further expounds on the nuances of homosexuality . “ Eighteen percent are more homosexual than heterosexual in their experiences after adolescence , and 37 percent have had at least one homosexual leading to orgasm after adolescence , ” he says .
Even more shocking for its time was Bowman 's assessment that anyone trying to spot a homosexual based on appearance alone would fail greatly . And they 're not always “ treatable , ” he says in The Rejected .
Bowman is not the only voice of psychiatry in the film .
A letter written by famed psychiatrist Sigmund Freud to a mother seeking treatment for her gay son is read in The Rejected . In it , Freud debunks the stigma surrounding being gay : “ Homosexuality is assuredly no advantage , but it is nothing to be ashamed of . No vice , no degradation , it can not be classified as an illness . Many highly respectable individuals of ancient and modern times have been homosexual . ”
Legal issues associated with homosexuality were also discussed in The Rejected by San Francisco 's district attorney . Religious leaders , such as the Episcopal bishop of San Francisco and a local rabbi , addressed homosexuality—both stating that sodomy laws should be repealed and that homosexuals should be treated with love , not hate .
Most important , the film included the voices of openly gay men : Hal Call , Donald Lucas , and Les Fisher , three officials from the Mattachine Society , one of the earliest gay-rights organizations .
“ There is n't a lot of visual footage of homosexuals from the early 1960s and earlier , especially footage that is as positive as this is , ” said Connelly , who used the transcript of the film for his gay and lesbian documentary course since 2001 . “ Being able to view this film really humanized homosexuals to a mass audience , most of whom probably felt they had never met a gay person in their life . ”
Instead of being a sensationalized , salacious depiction of gay lifestyles , like many discussions during this time , The Rejected takes a “ very measured , candid , scientific , and unemotional ” approach , according to Connelly .
Surprisingly enough , the public 's reaction was mostly positive .
“ The widespread reaction was that it was so significant in discussing this topic openly and candidly to a wide audience for the first time , ” Connelly said . “ I 'm sure there was some negative reaction , but what I came across was a lot of positive responses . ”
According to The Prime Time Closet : A History of Gays and Lesbians on TV , Variety praised the film for its “ matter-of-fact down-the-middle manner , ” covering it quite thoroughly and , for the most part , interestingly . The San Francisco Chronicle also applauded the television station for taking on “ the most taboo of all subjects—homosexuality , the permanent underground . ”
Most notably , 97 percent of letters received to the station were in favor of The Rejected , according to The Prime Time Closet .
“ It 's not just the script or direction that opens our eyes to a bygone era , [ but ] the implicit cultural assumptions on-screen make us realize that times have changed dramatically and we have cause to expect a better tomorrow , ” said Cherian .
The Rejected can be viewed in its entirety on the San Francisco Bay Area Television Archive
MMORPG.com : I can not tell you how long our readers have been waiting to hear about where and when ArcheAge was going to land in the US . First and foremost : Why Trion ? What makes them the right fit for ArcheAge ?
Jake Song : XLGAMES has been looking for the right publisher to service ArcheAge in the West for quite a long time . The reason we decided to work with Trion Worlds is because we felt that it is a company setting new standards for gaming , by embracing original , high-quality IPs on a dynamic connected platform . We were also impressed with Trion 's track record as they have consistently delivered against an unwavering vision ; we are confident partnering with Trion will help ArcheAge become a successful game that satisfies audiences in both East and West .
advertisement advertisement
MMORPG.com : What are the key ingredients towards bringing ArcheAge to the west , in your eyes ?
Jake Song : We started developing ArcheAge with global service in mind . During my stay with NCsoft , I worked a couple of years out of the LA and Austin office with American colleagues . I had a chance to experience the North American market first hand as well as work with American developers .
What we are aiming in ArcheAge is to let the players feel the true fun of MMORPG by forming a community like real life by interacting with other players , whether it be conflict or cooperation . The motto of ArcheAge is ‘ A world made by you ! ' I think the Western game players are excited about and looking forward to such aspects of ArcheAge .
MMORPG.com : Lineage , to this day , is one of the greatest MMOs ever created ( in my book ) . What lessons did you learn from that game to help design AA ?
Jake Song : After Lineage , the MMORPG genre improved and expanded with new kinds of MMORPGs being introduced to the market . We are pursuing a sandbox type of game , but also working on combining valuable lessons we 've learned from previously released MMORPGs ; such as providing user-friendly guides or guided experience for beginners , safe zones and contents for those players who wish it and not forcing party-play and etc . But I also firmly believe that player driven contents is what makes the game more exciting and alive and will expand the lifecycle of the game as was proven by lots of games including Lineage .
MMORPG.com : As we 've seen from some of the beta tests in Korea , the beginning of ArcheAge is a more guided , traditional experience with quests , a story , and other such trappings . Then the game opens up and allows players to go out and make their own place in the world . Why design ArcheAge this way ?
Jake Song : To let players enjoy the various contents of ArcheAge , we thought we needed to show some kind of guideline of what content ArcheAge provides . MMORPG beginners may wander in the vast ArcheAge world and get lost and not know what to do . So the early plays of ArcheAge works as some kind of tutorial , a guided experience that helps the newcomer become familiar with the world . At around level 30 , after experiencing the various activities or contents that ArcheAge has to offer , the user can take a more active stance in setting goals and how to enjoy the true fun of ArcheAge .
MMORPG.com : In your own words , can you explain how the character progression works ? That 's one of the areas we 're really intrigued about : this classless system .
Jake Song : There are 10 abilities in ArcheAge and each player can combine 3 out of 10 . That makes 120 unique classes . In ArcheAge , even if you are in the same class , players can choose the skills they want to learn , and I think this would give originality to each character .
A Character will level up , but the chosen abilities have their own level too . If the player changes his/her mind and changes certain ability before reaching character 's highest level , the changed ability level will be low but can be improved by earning XPs through activities such as hunting .
MMORPG.com : One last question : when will we hear about an English beta ? Inquiring minds want to know !
Jake Song : That is something that we are working on with Trion and will let you know soon !
Interested users can sign up for updates on the impending Western release over at ArcheAgeGame.com .
This week we have more magical news for you from the Disneyland resort . For starters , we have news that the Iron Man exhibit will be previewing today for a short period , to annual passholders only . Next up , a very influential man , Harrison “ BUZZ ” Price is finally honored on Main Street . We have an explanation on the closure of Great Moments With Mr. Lincoln , the shuffling of Main Street inventory and more photographic updates of Big Thunder , Long Lost Friends week and much more .
IRON MAN EXHIBIT DEBUT INSIDE INNOVENTIONS TODAY ( for Passholders )
The highly anticipated Iron Man exhibit , Iron Man Tech Presented by Stark Industries , will preview for Annual Passholders ONLY this evening inside the maligned Innoventions attraction . Guests who want to be the first to experience the exhibit need to be at the park to get their wristbands at 1pm at the Innoventions entrance in Tomorrowland ( it is recommended that your entire party register at the same time ) . The wristband will give you access to the preview , which begins at 6:30pm , and a special after-hours event in Tomorrowland ( 11pm-1am ) in which they will have access to Space Mountain , Star Tours : The Adventures Continue , Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters , Autopia , and Astro Orbiter . Sorry , no Subs .
Now , let 's be clear . This is only an exhibit . Not an attraction , not a ride . It will probably be a very cool exhibit , but one that will closely resemble what appeared at San Diego Comic-Con last year . Among other things guests will have the chance to virtually suit up with and test pieces of the Mark 42 armor . Pretty nifty .
It seems as though the initial rush of AP'ers have gone through the line and there is virtually no wait for a wristband at the moment . But , come 5pm , expect another rush as people get off work .
The exhibit is very nice looking . That said , it is basically what was at comic-con in San Diego , paired with an X-box Kinect setup that allows guests to be virtually suited up .
Follow us on Twitter for photos and news as it happens .
You can also stop by our Facebook page for MiceChat .
HARRISON “ BUZZ ” PRICE GETS HIS WINDOW – FINALLY !
Like a Disney fairytale , this story now has a happy ending . Just this week , on Tuesday April 9th , Buzz was finally honored with a very fitting window , just near City Hall , On Disneyland 's Main Street . In front of a small group of friends , family , and invited guests , Resort President , Michael Colglazier and Tom Staggs , Chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts lead the presentation to award Buzz Price his window . Buzz has been gone for years , but his son was in attendance to accept in his father 's honor .
The window reads…
Founded 1955 Price Is Right
Land Company Call on our numbers man for the best price Harrison “ Buzz ” Price
Founder and Finder We never say “ No ”
“ yes ” makes more cents !
MAIN STREET MERCH MIX-UP
The Main Street Opera House , which includes The Walt Disney Story featuring Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln , is currently closed . Yes , it is for refurbishment . But there is also some rearranging going on .
This is all linked to the closure and remodel of the Market House/Disneyana complex into a single Starbucks location . Items from Disneyana will logically find a new home at an expanded Disney Gallery .
Meanwhile , there are also kitchen items in the Market House which will need a new home as well .
COKE CORNER AND THE RETURN OF THE ARCH !
The day has come . The long awaited return of the arch at Coke Corner sign has come at last . We do wonder why it took so long , but , meh , it 's back . The interesting thing is that this gateway has been reduced in size by at least two thirds . The side structures have been completely removed ( at least for now ) . As you may recall , this gateway once had the central arch and then two side gateways .
ALICE IN WONDERLAND WORK
Some work is being done on the upper façade of the Alice in Wonderland show building . While this has nothing to do with the promised redo of the outdoor section of the ride , it has us wondering .
SMALL WORLD MALL WORK
On a side note , new scaffolding has sprung up around a few more light towers along the small world Mall .
KING ARTHUR CAROUSEL
On another another side note , the canopy that protected guests from the sun while queueing for King Arthur Carousel has been sent to the cleaners . It should be back soon . But in the interim , bring your sunscreen if you plan on taking a spin .
BIG THUNDER REFURB
Here is your weekly look at the Big Thunder Refurbishment project . Set to be finished by October , the attraction is getting a complete overhaul . New track , new effects , new Rainbow Ridge and more . It should be noted that , once again , the Big Thunder Trail access that leads from Fantasyland into Frontierland , is closed off to allow for crane use during the week . You can get about as far as Big Thunder Ranch before having to turn around .
LONG LOST FRIENDS WEEK
Limited Time Magic Long Lost Friends Week took over the Big Thunder Ranch this week . Guests got to vote on who they wanted to see return to the park and now , until Sunday , they can meet up with old characters that rarely appear in the park anymore .
The rare characters include…
Sarah the MiceChatter chimes in regarding Lost Friends Week on her latest video .
There is n't too much happening over at Disney California Adventure . But we did snap this random shot of the DJ at Phineas and Ferb that made us chuckle . Yes , totally random , but funny .
GHIRARDELLI
There is a new chocolate assortment rolled out just in time for spring at the Ghirardelli shop in California Adventure . Adorned in California Poppy , these premium chocolate assortments are pretty tasty .
And that should do it for us today . thanks for reading and we will see you , In The Parks .
Have you heard the big news ? Batman has only gone and proposed to Catwoman , his on-again-off-again crush and enemy . The shock proposal was revealed this week in Bruce Wayne 's latest comic book caper Batman # 24 . Pretty major , right ? Catwoman is yet to deliver an answer , but we 've put ourselves in her paws and had a think about why Batman would n't exactly be the best guy to settle to down with . Catwoman , if you 're reading this over a saucer of milk and bag of Dreamies , please bear the below reasons why Batman would be a shit husband .
He 's a very reckless man .
He drives past the speed limit , so he 's bound to get lots of tickets .
And to be honest , with an outrageous car like the Batmobile he 's got to be compensating for something .
Sharethrough ( Mobile )
He always has to bloody get involved does n't he , he ca n't just have a quiet night in .
He 's probably a Tory , being rich and all .
Bruce Wayne GIF – Find & Share on GIPHY Discover & Share this Bruce Wayne GIF with everyone you know . GIPHY is how you search , share , discover , and create GIFs .
What 's up with that mask ?
He creeps out all night , every night .
He 's got the ultimate man cave . Super cringe .
He might be Ben Affleck .
He 's already in a co-dependent relationship with a murderous clown .
Would only ever do a dark wash .
Would steal your tights .
You 'd have to live with a 70-year-old man .
All the women in his life die .
Looks like he enjoys rubbish industrial German techno a bit too much .
Does n't really seem to have a sense of humour .
He 's got way too many issues .
Robin is actually much fitter .
Marriage is a tool of the patriarchy which continues to assist in the senseless subjugation of women .
Do n't say we did n't warn you , Catwoman .
Another former staff member to Michigan Rep. John Conyers alleged that she endured persistent sexual harassment by the congressman , according to court documents .
A former scheduler in the Conyers ' office attempted to file a sealed lawsuit against him this February in the US District Court for the District of Columbia that alleges she suffered unwanted touching by the Democrat “ repeatedly and daily. ” She abandoned the lawsuit the next month , after the court denied her motion to seal the complaint .
The woman was not involved in the 2015 sexual harassment and wrongful dismissal complaint that Conyers settled in 2015 , which was revealed Monday by BuzzFeed News , and is now under investigation by the House Ethics Committee .
The lawsuit centered on behavior that took place later , from 2015 to 2016 , but involves similar allegations . The woman said that shortly after she started to work for Conyers he began to make sexual advances in the form of inappropriate comments and touching .
“ These behaviors and actions were so common and pervasive that they created a hostile work environment , ” she alleged .
Unlike the settlement agreement at the center of a BuzzFeed News investigation released Monday , these court filings are public documents . BuzzFeed News was not able to reach the woman for comment . We are redacting her name to protect her privacy .
Asked for comment on the court filings Tuesday , a Conyers spokesman said : “ [ The former staffer ] voluntarily decided to drop her case. ” The congressman “ vehemently ” denied the previously reported allegations .
In the court documents filed earlier this year , the former staffer said she had a “ fatherly affection ” for Conyers , as well as “ extreme admiration and respect for his legislative work as a Civil Rights icon. ” It was because of this that “ Plaintiff was extremely uncomfortable addressing this inappropriate behavior with Defendant Conyers nor did Plaintiff wish to embarrass or disparage Defendant Conyers by sharing her concerns with other members of the office staff . ''
She also cited his “ age and failing mental capacities ” in the suit , saying she was hired , in part , to keep track of his “ whereabouts , ” call to wake him up every morning , and deliver his medication , including on weekends . She said she asked a male staffer she 'd earlier dated to be her “ fake boyfriend ” and make regular stops by the office in the hopes of halting Conyers ' advances .
But the former staffer says the advances only grew more frequent over time , and from May to July of 2016 she was exposed to daily harassment by Conyers that included “ rubbing on her shoulders , kissing her forehead , covering and attempting to hold her hand ” as well as on some occasions urging her to come to his home .
She says in court documents that the harassment caused her to suffer “ insomnia , anxiety , depression and chest pains . ”
Compounding her stress , the former staffer alleges in the complaint , was that Conyers ' wife Monica Conyers referred to her as a “ whore ” and accused her of wanting to have an affair with her husband . The former staffer described the situation as a “ time bomb waiting to happen . ”
She said she eventually became so unwell that she tried to go on sick leave in 2016 . Her court filings outline a series of events wherein documents were stolen from her flash drive by a coworker and shared with her superiors . When her boss , Conyers ' chief of staff Raymond Plowden — who is also listed as a defendant in the former staffer 's suit — demanded medical documents to justify her sick leave , she said she chose not to provide them due to the “ atmosphere of mistrust. ” Her position was then terminated .
The woman also listed Yolonda Lipsey , Conyers ' district director , in the lawsuit as well , accusing both Lipsey and Plowden of retaliating against her for reporting Conyers ' behavior .
The former staffer filed a motion this February to file a lawsuit that would be sealed from the public , saying she did not wish to “ irreparably harm ” Conyers . In March , her application for a seal was rejected . That month she sought to withdraw her lawsuit with prejudice , which would not allow her to re-file the suit in the future .
She had been seeking $ 39,000 in lost wages and damages , $ 15,000 for mental anguish and emotional distress , and $ 50,000 in punitive damages because Conyers was “ a habitual , repeated offender . ”
BuzzFeed News was unable to reach Monica Conyers for comment . Lipsey and Plowden did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
The court documents come to light after revelations that Conyers settled a wrongful dismissal complaint in 2015 that alleged years of sexual harassment . BuzzFeed News obtained documents related to the case in which another former employee alleged she was fired because she would not “ succumb to [ Conyers ' ] sexual advances . ”
BuzzFeed News has also withheld that woman 's name at her request because she said she fears retribution and the documents were not public .
The documents included allegations that Conyers repeatedly made sexual advances on female staffers . They alleged he made requests for sex acts , had staffers contact and transport women whom they believed Conyers was having affairs with , caressing staffers ' hands sexually , and rubbed women 's legs and backs in public . Other allegations included flying women in using congressional resources and asking staffers to stay in his hotel room with him .
The staffer in the center of that case was “ rehire [ d ] ” as a “ temporary employee ” but instructed not to go to the office or do any work . The congressman did not admit fault in the settlement , and on Tuesday in a statement he continued to deny the allegations , but confirmed the settlement had occurred .
“ In this case , I expressly and vehemently denied the allegations made against me , and continue to do so . My office resolved the allegations — with an express denial of liability — in order to save all involved from the rigors of protracted litigation . That should not be lost in the narrative . The resolution was not for millions of dollars , but rather for an amount that equated to a reasonable severance payment , ” said Conyers ' statement .
Several Democrats , including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , have called for an investigation .
Earlier Tuesday , Conyers reportedly denied the allegations and told the Associated Press he knew nothing about claims made about inappropriate touching . He told the AP he had learned of the story just hours earlier ( BuzzFeed News contacted his office multiple times on Monday before publication ) . In a later statement , Conyers ' office said he `` was under the impression the [ AP ] reporter was speaking of recent allegations of which he was unaware of and denied . ”
Even though we just finished one of the worst air inversions in the Salt Lake Valley in recent years , we should not make the mistake of complacency . Just like the yearly U. of U./BYU sports rivalries , we know that Utah 's air pollution is sure to return , which is why we need to work as hard as we can to facilitate solutions .
While we recognize that Utahns ' cars and homes are a significant source of dirty air , we also know that many of Utah 's biggest industries remain major contributors . This category includes Kennecott Copper , cement plants , power plants , and Utah 's five oil refineries along the Wasatch Front .
Last fall , Utah Physicians for a Healthy Environment joined with our allies at HEAL Utah and Western Resource Advocates in petitioning Utah 's Air Quality Board to consider three new proposed air quality rules . These rules are designed to reduce emissions from large point sources of air pollution , something we believe is necessary to attenuate and help prevent bad air days , better enforce existing clean air laws , and ensure that emissions from new pollution sources are offset by emission reductions elsewhere within a facility . These proposed rules are as follows :
Prevent bad air days : Impose 24-hour limits on our biggest industrial polluters to prevent short-term spikes in emissions , particularly on days with already impaired air quality .
Require daily monitoring by big polluters : Mandate continuous emission monitoring and annual stack testing where feasible ( versus every three to five years ) , so that state officials and the public have greater confidence that industry is not polluting more than it is allowed .
Ensure all substantial new industry pollution increases have offsets : Require facilities to find offsets ( emission decreases ) for all sizable emission increases , to ensure their overall pollution does n't add up to create major air pollution .
Many varied stakeholders were consulted as these rules were drafted last year , before presenting them to the Air Quality Board . Rather than just shooting from the hip , we felt a transparent , reasoned approach was better .
Contrary to the behind-closed-doors deal-making , which frequently goes into proposed legislation , resulting in bills getting either severely weakened or disapproved with little or no public oversight , the public process required by the Air Quality Board is completely transparent and open to all members of the public . In other words , the Air Quality Board wants to hear from you .
In order for this to happen , the Air Quality Board must first decide to formally consider these rules and then start a public process in which the public gets an opportunity to study the issue and submit comments .
As physicians , we see literally every day the detrimental effects of our dirty , polluted air . It is gut-wrenching to witness a 5-year-old struggle for every breath , knowing that his or her life will never be normal , or worse , that their life will be dramatically shortened by something that is of no fault of their own .
We owe it to Utahns to take all measures as necessary to clean up our dirty air and give everyone a fighting chance to lead a normal , healthy life . Politicians can talk jobs and economic development all they want . But the real key to a healthy economy is a healthy populace , and a welcoming environment that says “ clean and healthy ” at first glance to all visitors .
We urge the Utah Air Quality Board to formally consider these proposed rules and to allow the public to weigh in . That would be the proactive approach to this severe health crisis , something that is long overdue .
Dr. Richard Kanner is a pulmonologist and professor of medicine at the University of Utah , and also served on the Utah Department of Air Quality Board from 1988 to 1997 . He is a founding board member of Utah Physicians for a Healthy Environment .
Dr. Ellie Brownstein is a board-certified pediatrician and works for the University of Utah Community Clinics , and teaches part time at the School of Medicine . She serves on the board of directors for Utah Physicians for a Healthy Environment .
Dr. Howie Garber is an emergency physician and has worked in large and small hospitals throughout the Western U.S. and Alaska . He is a founding board member of Utah Physicians for a Healthy Environment .
“ Now look , do n't get any funny ideas… ”
–Han Solo
Even in the lawless wildernesses of the Outer Rim , there are still a few things you should know and rules you should follow in order to survive . The new FAQ and Errata for Star Wars® : Edge of the Empire™ helps fill out your knowledge of the grim and gritty parts of the Star Wars universe . You can download it now from the support section of the Edge of the Empire™ minisite .
This FAQ includes new information about resolving results when using talents and Force powers , and adds errata for several Edge of the Empire™ adventure books and Career supplements including the Colonist sourcebook Far Horizons and the Hutt Space sourcebook , Lords of Nal Hutta .
Expand your horizons . Download the FAQ and use your newfound knowledge to become a more devious Smuggler , a hardier Colonist , and a craftier Technician , fully equipped for all the grim and gritty Outer Rim adventures that await you in Edge of the Empire .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
May 11 , 2015 , 9:45 PM GMT / Updated May 12 , 2015 , 2:33 AM GMT By Andrea Mitchell , Richard Esposito , Matthew Cole and Robert Windrem
Editor 's Note : This story has been updated since it was first published . The original version of this story said that a Pakistani asset told the U.S. where bin Laden was hiding . Sources say that while the asset provided information vital to the hunt for bin Laden , he was not the source of his whereabouts .
Intelligence sources tell NBC News that in the year before the U.S. raid that killed Osama bin Laden , a retired Pakistani military intelligence officer helped the CIA track him down .
While the Pakistani intelligence asset provided vital information in the hunt for bin Laden , he did not provide the location of the al Qaeda leader 's Abottabad , Pakistan compound , sources said .
Three sources also said that some officials in the Pakistani government knew where bin Laden was hiding all along .
The asset was evacuated from Pakistan and paid reward money by the CIA , sources said . U.S. officials took pains to note he was one of many sources who provided help along the way , and said that the al Qaeda courier who unwittingly led them to bin Laden , Ahmed al-Kuwaiti , remained the linchpin of the operation .
The U.S. government has always characterized the heroic raid by Seal Team Six that killed bin Laden as a unilateral U.S. operation , and has maintained that the CIA found him by tracking the courier .
The new revelations do not cast doubt on the overall narrative that the White House began circulating within hours of the May 2011 operation . The official story about how bin Laden was found was constructed in a way that protected the identity and existence of the asset , who also knew who inside the Pakistani government was aware of the Pakistani intelligence agency 's operation to hide bin Laden , according to a special operations officer with prior knowledge of the bin Laden mission .
While NBC News has long been pursuing leads about a `` walk in '' intelligence asset and about what Pakistani intelligence knew , both assertions were made public in a London Review of Books article by investigative reporter Seymour Hersh . Hersh 's story , published over the weekend , raises numerous questions about the White House account of the SEAL operation . It has been strongly disputed both on and off the record by the Obama administration and current and former national security officials .
The Hersh story says that a `` walk in '' asset , a former Pakistani military intelligence official , contacted U.S. authorities in 2010 and told them bin Laden was hiding in Abbottabad ; that elements of ISI , the Pakistani intelligence agency , knew of bin Laden 's whereabouts ; and that the U.S. told the Pakistanis about the bin Laden raid before it launched . The U.S. has maintained that it did not tell the Pakistani government about the raid before it launched .
On Monday , Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren called Hersh 's piece `` largely a fabrication '' and said there were `` too many inaccuracies '' to detail each one . Col Warren said the raid to kill bin Laden was a `` unilateral action . '' Both the National Security Council and the Pentagon denied that Pakistan had played any role in the raid .
The upcoming U.S. Men 's National Team friendly against Ghana will surely be hotly contested , but some missing players may remove a bit of the sting .
The Ghana Football Association stated that West Ham , Swansea City , and Leicester City have requested the exclusion of Andre Ayew , Jordan Ayew , and Daniel Amartey respectively , reports KweseESPN . The teams have stated that their players require rest and wo n't allow them to participate as the match falls outside of regular FIFA international dates .
“ The clubs have written to us to say they want the players excluded so that they can rest ahead of the start of next season because the dates do not fall within the mandatory international window , ” GFA vice-president George Afriyie told KweséESPN . “ We effectively have no choice in the matter . ”
The absence of three of Ghana 's most vital pieces will take a bit away from the friendly between two competitive rivals . The match is the first between the two teams since the USMNT 's 2014 World Cup victory over their unusual nemesis , and serves as a prelude for this summer 's CONCACAF Gold Cup .
fatbodypolitics :
sourcedumal :
myfirstnameisweird : transparent-flowers : miaoumaiden : amazonwomynrise : In a move that 's bound to frighten everyone , HRA Pharma , the company the manufactures the European version of Plan B called Norlevo has revised its packaging to indicate that the pregnancy prevention medication is not always effective for women over 165 pounds and does n't work at all for women who weigh more than 176 pounds . And there are seriously people on here who say thin privilege is n't a thing ? This has nothing to do with thin privilege and everything to do with science . They did n't make the pill do this on purpose . It 's not about fat shaming . It 's not because being over 176 lbs is “ unhealthy ” . It 's because the more adipose tissue a person has , the less effective BC will be because fat interferes with how the hormones are absorbed , distributed and carried in the body . This is also the case for regular BC . Please research more about this before freaking out . The only criticism that is valid is that they should be releasing more of this information as soon as it becomes available and putting warnings on the american packaging as well . * More info : Not only does fat and adipose tissue affect BC , but “ the metabolism and volume of medication in the bloodstream ” as well . It is unknown if higher dosages will enable the drug to work . -Diana Blithe , BC researcher This seems like a good place to leave this : http : //www.ella-rx.com/ Ella works for anyone with a BMI UP TO a 35 , and can be ordered with a prescription from a nurse or doctor , or an online consultation with a doctor on their website , provided above . You do have to be over 18 , and DO need a credit card to order online , if the doctor/LPN visit is n't right for you . This is an example of how we need to do longitudinal testing for fat people with medication . This is a prevalent thing .
People are STILL super confused about what thin privilege is if you think this is n't an example of it . Just because it 's “ science ” does n't make it any less an example , particularly when they are only coming out with this information now clearly showing that they did n't do considerable testing on people with higher body weights to see how it worked with them in the first place .
Having a product made without your body type even considered is thin privilege . Stop trying to claim “ science ” changes that fact . Just because fat bodies need more of a specific drug for it to work properly does n't excuse them from not even considering fat people may have to take more or have a different amount prescribed to them . They are able to do this shit with dogs at the vet , yet can not even acknowledge that PEOPLE come in different sizes and may need a different dosage .
Privilege is n't something that is always done consciously but when thin people are treated as the “ norm ” when creating drugs and fat people are not even considered worthy of having a correct dosage that is thin privilege .
For the past three years , I lived in the middle of Beijing 's fortune-telling district . Business is booming for the soothsayers beside the Lama Temple , as Chinese customers , facing a time of extraordinary uncertainty , seek otherworldly counsel . ( In the spring , one of the purveyors , Mr. Guo , analyzed my birth date , time , and other mystical factors , and then looked up approvingly . “ Good news , ” he announced . “ In the near future , you will begin to make considerable income on the side ! ” )
With a nod to Mr. Guo—and to Jeffrey Toobin 's annual exercise in legal prognostication—here are ten predictions for the stories that will define the coming year in China :
1 . Unrest in Tibet and Xinjiang
The growing unrest on China 's western frontier is the biggest story that nobody really knows . The effort to disrupt and deny the authority of Beijing over a vast region of China—an area far larger than Europe—has enormous potential to alter the country 's political and economic future , but it is poorly understood inside and outside of China . Authorities bar foreign correspondents from reaching large parts of the areas that are home to Tibetans and Muslim Uighurs . The news flashes leave no doubt of deepening unrest—sixteen people , including two policemen , were killed in Xinjiang on Sunday , in a clash that we are unlikely to learn much more about . The sheer absence of information can be cause for more unrest . False rumors of a gang rape contributed to deadly unrest in Xinjiang in 2009 , and the lack of knowledge is likely to produce problems again . “ Atrocity stories repeat themselves , but then , so do atrocities . As with so much else in Xinjiang , it remains indistinct , ” wrote James Palmer , in one of the year 's best stories from China .
[ # image : /photos/590951fcebe912338a372ac4 ]
2 . Visa Wars
The effort to restrict critical coverage of China burst into the open in 2013 , when the government considered expelling two dozen reporters from the Times and Bloomberg . The response from the U.S. was , I suspect , louder than Chinese officials expected . I may be wrong , but I predict that they will stop short of the full-scale eviction : they will approve some of those visas and leave others in purgatory in order to avoid retribution against Chinese visa-seekers in America . But this issue is not going away . In a response to Thomas Friedman 's call for approving the visas , the Global Times , a Party-run newspaper , declared that “ information security is among China 's core security concerns . China is willing to communicate with the world , but it wo n't yield its own agenda-setting rights to the Western media . ”
3 . Crowded Waters
Ask U.S. policymakers these days what they worry about most in Asia , and you are likely to hear about “ miscalculation ” : the threat that some combination of ships—American , Japanese , and Chinese—is likely to produce a dangerous confrontation in the increasingly crowded waters of the East China Sea . ( A preview : on December 5th , a Chinese amphibious vessel came within five hundred yards of an American cruiser , the Cowpens , that was conducting surveillance of a Chinese aircraft carrier . ) When you put the same question to Chinese officials , you are told that the risk of miscalculation is low . That 's either a bluff or an honest assessment ; in either case , expect larger clashes to come .
4 . Jazz Hands , Gentlemen
Whatever it takes : the success of a “ Gangnam Style ” -type viral video by Chinese traffic cops will inspire a wave of similar efforts to use song and dance to draw closer to the masses . Somewhere , a platoon is learning the kick line .
5 . Two Is Not Enough
The news that China is relaxing its one-child policy for the first time in a generation , which will allow some couples to have a second child , was welcomed by urban families . It 's a good example of the ways that the government is responding to advice from economists , who have predicted for years that the curbs on family size will leave China with too few workers and too many retirees in need of support . But less than two months after the new policy was announced , both families with rising expectations and researchers are already criticizing the “ two-child policy ” for not going far enough . Only about twenty million people qualify for the policy revision , and local governments will move slowly enough that the scholar Zuo Xuejin warns , “ It wo n't have a great impact . ”
6 . Made in China
One of my favorite themes in the Chinese media is the zeal to uncover yet another thing that was actually pioneered in China . A few years ago , it was golf . This year , it was the house cat . Next year : Fire . Or snow .
7 . Betting on Contradiction
Before President Xi Jinping took office , analysts wondered if he would tack toward reform or conservatism : Would he seek to open up the economic and political realms , or refurbish Party control over them ? More than a year on , it 's clear that he has embraced contradiction ; he is trying to narrow the space for political entrepreneurship while expanding possibilities for economic entrepreneurship . ( “ Even amid a wave of bearish sentiment in recent years , ” Evan A. Feigenbaum and Damien Ma wrote this month , “ it would be worthwhile to again bet long on reforms over the next decade. ” ) Historically , the Communist Party has worried that internal contradictions are a recipe for collapse . But conditions have forced the Party to revise its view ; today it is betting that contradictions are the key to survival .
8 . Tigers , Not Flies
The Party 's effort to protect itself by rooting out corruption has edged higher into the ranks than critics expected . The latest , and most senior , name in the crosshairs is Zhou Yongkang , the fearsome former security chief with a face like an Easter Island statue . But do n't expect this to produce the public satisfaction that the Party needs . By going after high-profile “ tigers , ” as the saying goes , the Party hopes to demonstrate its determination and deter lower-level offenders . But what really inflames the public are the routine abuses by the “ flies ” —the bribes demanded by low-level officials for medical care and promotions and access to schooling . And unless the Party undertakes deeper reforms to bring accountability , those abuses are likely to continue .
9 . The Perils of Patriotism
Since taking office , President Xi Jinping has been a boon for Chinese nationalists . The People 's Liberation Army backed the production of a video called “ Silent Contest ” which lays out Chinese fears of an American effort to bring about “ peaceful evolution ” in China . For Chinese leaders , nationalism is always a volatile tool : it can easily spin out of control . But as Xi encourages his people to imagine a larger and more ambitious “ Chinese dream , ” he will have to allow them to express their zeal—even if it forces him to bear the risk that it will turn critical of the Party , too .
10 . The Year of Water
For those who have lived with China 's air pollution , it has been a source of some perverse satisfaction to watch , this year , as the world fully acknowledged the impact of China 's epic smog . It 's not a life-style issue ; it is a political and economic issue that illuminates the way in which the government is racing to meet the expectations of its people . Dirty air gets attention because it makes for good photos , and it affects big cities , but in the years ahead , water is likely to be the bigger risk . Early in 2013 , an outbreak of pollution forced authorities to cut off water to a city of nine million people . Expect a sudden awareness of the water shortage now that Beijing has dropped below the United Nations “ absolute water scarcity threshold ” and is facing a “ more severe water scarcity than some countries in the arid Middle East . ”
Above : Chinese President Xi Jinping , in Beijing , in September . Photograph by Feng Li/Getty .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul R. La Monica . Other than Time Warner , the parent of CNNMoney , and Abbott Laboratories , La Monica does not own positions in any individual stocks .
When it comes to quantitative easing from the Federal Reserve , the market is singing the refrain from Depeche Mode 's first big hit song : I just ca n't get enough !
It was only two-and-a-half weeks ago that the Fed unveiled its third round of quantitative easing , an open-ended plan to buy $ 40 billion of mortgage-backed securities a month . Economists at Goldman Sachs estimate that QE3 could wind up lasting until the middle of 2015 , and hit a final price tag of $ 2 trillion . Yet Wall Street wants even more liquidity .
In a report last week , Morgan Stanley chief U.S. equity strategist Adam Parker wrote that `` QE3 will likely be insufficient to significantly boost equity markets and we would n't be at all surprised to see the Fed dramatically augment this program ( i.e. , QE4 ) before year-end . '' Parker suggested that the Fed could simply boost the size of the monthly mortgage-backed security purchases in QE3 to add further stimulus to the market .
But strategists at Pavilion Global Markets , a brokerage firm in Montreal , took the concept of QE4 a step further . In a report released Tuesday , the Pavilion strategists argued that the Fed could begin to buy even more longer-term Treasuries again .
In other words , QE4 ( or should we call it QE Quattro ? QE3+ ? QE4Ever ? QE ∞ ? ) would look more like the first round of QE and QE2 and could add more support to long-term bonds once the Fed 's Operation Twist program ( in which the central bank is selling short-term bonds to buy ones with longer maturity dates ) expires at the end of this year .
Related : Bernanke says QE3 helps savers too
Sure , Fed chairman Ben Bernanke has continued to preach the tried-and-true central bank gospel about all this stimulus , namely that low rates wo n't lead to runaway inflation .
But hopefully , even Bernanke ( who we should perhaps call a deflation hawk instead of inflation dove ) has to realize that the Fed ca n't justify another round of money-dropping this soon ... even if jobs growth in the United States remains tepid and the nation inches closer to fiscal cliff diving at the end of the year .
Parker conceded in his report that the risk of further rises in commodity prices are a bit of a concern , but he ultimately dismissed worries that QE3 would send the price of oil and gold that much higher .
The Pavilion strategists were more concerned about the continued pressure on long-term interest rates , which are already near all-time lows , and expressed worries about what might happen to lending if more easing led to negative interest rates for short-term bonds . We 're almost there . The yield on a 3-month Treasury bill is just 0.08 % . And with the 10-year Treasury at just 1.6 % , do we really need rates to keep going down ? To what ? Japan levels below 1 % ? How 's that working out ?
As I 've said in this column time and time again , the lack of cheap financing for loans is not the biggest problem facing the U.S. economy .
`` Is the economy as strong as everyone would like at this stage ? The answer is obviously no . But while the Fed has done what it can , there is not much more that it can do , '' said Kate Warne , chief investment strategist with Edward Jones in St. Louis . `` The Fed is not the one that 's constraining economic growth . Anyone looking for QE4 is forgetting that monetary policy is not tight . ''
If the Fed wants to justify yet another dose of QE , it ca n't keep trotting out the need to keep rates low card . Let 's call a spade a spade here . The Fed seems most worried about the possibility of another recession if Congress does not reach a deal to avert the fiscal cliff . That 's why Bernanke may need to act again .
`` When people talk about what the Fed will do next , I think the Fed does need to remain accommodative , '' said Leslie Barbi , head of fixed income for RS Investments in New York . `` But I question why the Fed had to pull out the big guns now . It looks like it does n't want people getting nervous about downside risk . ''
Related : Fed acted because Congress is lame
But Barbi thinks the Fed is now locked in a dangerous dance with the market . She is worried that the Fed is now getting too boxed in . Investors expect the Fed to bail out the market all the time . Eventually , that 's going to lead to inflation , no matter how much Bernanke claims it wo n't .
`` The Fed 's credibility is starting to get a little tattered around the edges , '' Barbi said . `` The Fed is trying to have their cake and eat it too . It seems like they want to tell people they will keep easing even after the economy improves but also tell them that if they need to fight inflation , they will . That 's a conflict . ''
Warne added that investors need to remember there is typically a lag of several months before Fed actions have a meaningful impact on the economy . So if , for example , the September jobs numbers that come out on Friday are awful , that should n't be considered a good reason for the Fed to fire up the QE oven once again .
However , Warne also said that the Fed 's hands are tied . If the economic data between now and December deteriorate further and stocks begin to sell off on that news , Bernanke may have no choice but to placate investors .
`` The Fed does not need to do more at this point . It is way too soon to know what the impact of QE3 will be , '' she said . `` But is there some chance that the Fed will do something again before the end of the year ? Absolutely . ''
Protect Pinyon-Juniper Forests Campaign
Deep Green Resistance and WildLands Defense are advocating for a moratorium on all pinyon-juniper deforestation in the Great Basin and we need your help . Pinyon-juniper forests are being wantonly killed as weeds while their inherent ecological value is summarily ignored . These forests store carbon dioxide , dampen climate change , provide crucial wildlife habitat , protect watersheds , and have helped humans survive in the Great Basin for millennia . A moratorium gives us time to marshall our resources to put this destruction to a permanent end .
See for yourself the destruction of Pinyon-Juniper forests and then join the fight .
Sign this petition with us and ask BLM to stop clearcutting pinyon-juniper forests
2/3/2016 BLM & the Ranching Industry : a History of Collusion
1/5/2016 Pinyon-Juniper Forests : BLM 's False Claim to Virtue
12/13/2015 Pinyon-Juniper Forests : The Oldest Refugee Crisis
12/1/2015 Pinyon-Juniper Forests : An Ancient Vision Disturbed
Follow our Protect Pinyon-Juniper Forests campaign on Facebook for more updates .
Sacred Water Tour
The SNWA water grab is a prime example of how civilizations ( cultures based on cities , as opposed to cultures based on perpetual care of their landbases , without resource drawdown ) inevitably destroy the planet . A bloated power center , ruled by the ultra-rich and served by an underclass of poorly-paid workers , bolstered by bought-and-paid-for politicians ( see Harry Reid ) and misused public tax dollars , reaches out and takes what it wants from the countryside .
One of the developers who wants the water grab has described the Mojave desert around Las Vegas as “ flat desert stuff. ” They call living land a wasteland to justify its continuing plunder . To indigenous peoples—Shoshone , Paiute , and Goshute—the land and water are sacred .
Anyone who respects land and visits this place will fall in love with it . That 's the purpose of the Sacred Water Tour , an annual gathering organized by Deep Green Resistance for the past three years . In coordination with local activists and indigenous people , the public is welcomed every Memorial Day weekend to tour the region .
Join us in May of 2016 !
Resistance Radio : Derrick Jensen interviews Max Wilbert about the SNWA water grab
2015 Sacred Water Tour : Sacred Water Under Threat
2014 Sacred Water Tour : Report-Back
Groundwater Pipeline Threatens Great Basin Desert , Indigenous Groups
Follow our Stop the SNWA Water Grab campaign page on Facebook for more updates
Regional News
Spring Creek Canyon – What makes this canyon and the surrounding Hurricane Cliffs so special is its geographic location at the transition of the Colorado Plateau and Great Basin geologic provinces , giving rise to a unique collection of plant species .
Deep Green Resistance Colorado member Deanna Meyer interviewed on Resistance Radio – Recently she has been involved in advocating for the forests in her area as well as the rapidly disappearing prairie dogs throughout the mid-west . She elieves that the strategies and tactics of people who care about the living planet must shift from asking nicely to defend those they love by any and all means necessary .
More Than Words – The race to save a Northern Paiute dialect that 's down to a handful of speakers reveals what we stand to lose when a language dies .
Tell the BLM that you care about wildlands in southwestern Utah ( petition )
Bighorn Sheep Die-off in Montana Mountains , Nevada
A Biocentrist History of the West – Wildlife Services , a branch of the Department of Agriculture , acts as “ the hired guns of the livestock industry . ”
USDA 's Secret War on Wildlife ( video )
Even more about Wildlife Services and how they torture dogs and kill endangered species
A New Study Suggests Even the Toughest Pesticide Regulations Are n't Nearly Tough Enough – The industrial agriculture system is violent . It murders humans and so many other beings – entire living communities . Policy-makers such as those in this article covering the UCLA study – people who maintain the validity of this systematic murder – are culpable and must be held accountable .
How big oil spent $ 10m to defeat California climate change legislation
In Utah , a massive water project is gaining ground – The project could divert 86,000 acre-feet from Lake Powell to the retirement community of St. George .
Massive Gas Pipeline Project Endures in Texas – Even in oil and gas friendly Texas , there is a growing outcry about the egregious abuse of landowners rights ' carried out by the company behind a new gas pipeline .
In Parts of the West , Grazing Cattle Are Making the Drought Worse
Lost Bones , Damage and Harassment at Ancient Sacred Site
Follow the DGR Southwest Coalition Facebook page for more news .
Deep Green Resistance News Service Excerpts
Recognizing Greenwashing comes down to what so many indigenous people have said to me : we have to decolonize our hearts and minds . We have to shift our loyalty away from the system and toward the landbase and the natural world . So the central question is : where is the primary loyalty of the people involved ? Is it to the natural world , or to the system ?
What do all the so-called solutions for global warming have in common ? They take industrialization , the economic system , and colonialism as a given ; and expect the natural world to conform to industrial capitalism . That 's literally insane , out of touch with physical reality . There has been this terrible coup where sustainability does n't mean sustaining the natural ecosystem , but instead means sustaining the economic system .
Federal Bureau of Investigation and Department of Homeland Security agents have contacted more than a dozen members of Deep Green Resistance ( DGR ) , a radical environmental group , including one of its leaders , Lierre Keith , who said she has been the subject of two visits from the FBI at her home .
DGR , formed about four years ago , requires its members to adhere to what the group calls a “ security culture ” in order to reduce the amount of paranoia and fear that often comes with radical activism . On its website , DGR explains why it is important not to talk to police agents : “ It does n't matter whether you are guilty or innocent . It does n't matter how smart you are . Never talk to police officers , FBI agents , Homeland Security , etc . It does n't matter if you believe you are telling police officers what they already know . It does n't matter if you just chit chat with police officers . Any talking to police officers , FBI agents , etc . will almost certainly harm you or others . ”
So here 's the question : if the police are not legally obligated to protect us and our communities — or if the police are failing to do so , or if it is not even their job to do so — then if we and our communities are to be protected , who , precisely is going to do it ? To whom does that responsibility fall ? I think we all know the answer to that one .
If police are the servants of governments , and if governments protect corporations better than they do human beings ( and far better than they do the planet ) , then clearly it falls to us to protect our communities and the landbases on which we in our communities personally and collectively depend . What would it look like if we created our own community groups and systems of justice to stop the murder of our landbases and the total toxification of our environment ? It would look a little bit like precisely the sort of revolution we need if we are to survive . It would look like our only hope .
I 've always kind of hated that quote by Edward Abbey about being a half-hearted fanatic ( “ Be as I am — a reluctant enthusiast . . . a part-time crusader , a half-hearted fanatic ” ) . Not so much because of the racism and misogyny that characterized some of his work . And not even because of the quote itself . But rather because of how that quote has been too often misused by people who put too much emphasis on the half-hearted , and not nearly enough emphasis on the fanatic .
The fundamental truth of our time is that this culture is killing the planet . We can quibble all we want — and quibble too many do — about whether it is killing the planet or merely causing one of the six or seven greatest mass extinctions in the past several billion years , but no reasonable person can argue that industrial civilization is not grievously injuring life on Earth .
Given that fact , you 'd think most people would be doing everything they can to protect life on this planet — the only life , to our knowledge , in the universe . Sadly , you 'd be wrong .
Recent media coverage and spiraling public outrage over the water crisis in Flint , Michigan has completely eclipsed the ongoing environmental justice struggles of the Navajo . Even worse , the media continues to frame the situation in Flint as some sort of isolated incident .
Madeline Stano , attorney for the Center on Race , Poverty & the Environment , assessed the situation for the San Diego Free Press , commenting , “ Unfortunately , Flint 's water scandal is a symptom of a much larger disease . It 's far from an isolated incidence , in the history of Michigan itself and in the country writ large . ”
At this moment , the liberal basis of most progressive movements is impeding our ability , individually and collectively , to take action . The individualism of liberalism , and of American society generally , renders too many of us unable to think clearly about our dire situation . Individual action is not an effective response to power because human society is political ; by definition it is build from groups , not from individuals . That is not to say that individual acts of physical and intellectual courage ca n't spearhead movements . But Rosa Parks did n't end segregations on the Montgomery , Alabama bus system . Rosa Parks plus the stalwart determination and strategic savvy of the entire black community did .
Please join us or provide material support to make Deep Green Resistance possible .
Point Guard / Shooting Guard
Points per game : 20.2
Rebounds per game : 3.2
Assists per game : 2.0
Steals per game : 1.8
Blocks per game : 0.0
Turnovers per game : 2.4
Personal Fouls per game : 1.2
Minutes Played per game : 32.8
Field Goal Percentage : 48.0 %
Three-point Percentage : 34.5 %
Free Throw Percentage : 70.0 %
McCollum was the Trail Blazers ' brightest star in the 2014 Las Vegas Summer League . He looked a lot more comfortable at the lowered level of competition , assuming the form of his pre-injury college self . It was an interesting preview of what he has potential to be in league play once the NBA pace slows down for him mentally . He was the pure , efficient scorer that the Trail Blazers drafted him to be in 2013 , before that re-broken foot derailed his early rookie involvement with the team .
I am curious how well this will translate once McCollum returns to an offense that is no longer built around him . He has staked an imposing claim to the backup shooting guard position by showcasing his ability to score in spurts , so maybe he can provide a legitimate punch off the bench this year . Then again , maybe not . The regular season is a different beast , but all Summer League signs point to a sophomore leap from McCollum .
He collects heaps of praise for his three-point shooting when he is on ( as he should ) , but his proclivity for penetration is what makes me think he 'll find a place in Portland . McCollum is not a simple niche player . More than once , he cut through the defense for a strong finish at the rim . The added beauty here are that opponents were forced to hesitate on every future hang-dribble , because if they guessed wrong , McCollum would burn them again . This opened up even more scoring opportunities ; especially from deep .
I can not speak for the availability of these shots at the NBA level , but McCollum 's technical skills were enough to place him firmly among the Las Vegas Summer League standouts . He will have to work a lot harder this fall to maintain relevance , but I am confident that he can do so as the first shooting guard , and in time maybe even the first option , off the bench .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Nov. 19 , 2016 , 12:17 AM GMT / Updated Nov. 19 , 2016 , 8:08 AM GMT By Alex Seitz-Wald
The Electoral College is under fire like never before . But the unprecedented and growing opposition to it , thanks to the partisan leanings of its detractors , may actually make it harder to charge the system .
Hillary Clinton won at least 1.4 million more votes than Donald Trump , but still lost the presidential contest because her votes came from the wrong combination of states . That 's made her one of just five people in U.S. history to win the popular vote and lose the electoral college .
The first three were in the 1800s , and it happened again in 2000 with Al Gore 's electoral college loss to George W. Bush . That contest was complicated by other concerns including butterfly ballots and the Supreme Court , making Clinton the first pure victim of the Electoral College in the modern era .
Not surprisingly , the outcome has provoked an outpouring of demands for change .
Related : Sen. Boxer Calls for Abolishing Electoral College in Wake of Trump Win
California Sen. Barbara Boxer has introduced a bill to do away with the `` outdated , undemocratic '' electoral college . A likeminded petition on Change.org racked up nearly 4.5 million signatures . And more people have searched for information about the electoral college than any point since Google started keeping track .
For the tiny cottage industry of experts and activists who have battled each other on this obscure issue from statehouse to statehouse across the country , the attention is a bit dizzying .
`` I 've never seen this kind of energy in my life , '' said Patrick Rosenstiel of National Popular Vote , the main anti-Electoral College group . `` We would generally have two to three people a day using the 'write your legislator ' function on our website . Now we 're getting upwards 10,000 to 20,000 every day . ''
Traffic on the group 's website surged some 25,000 percent after the election , surpassing 1.75 million page views in the following week .
But the outcry is coming almost exclusively from Democrats , complicating reformers ' attempts to push the issue as a non-partisan reform to already skeptical red-state lawmakers .
Rob Richie , the longtime executive director and co-founder of the reformist group FairVote , called the uproar `` a total doubled edged sword . ''
`` In the real world of trying to change things , it 's very hard with a partisan drive from one side and the other party being against it , '' he said . `` It was in a place that it was starting to win a whole bunch of states and we 'll just have to see how this impacts that , since people are getting more tribal . ''
Related : More Voters Chose Clinton , but Trump Will Be President
To opponents , the Electoral College is an obvious perversion of the one-person-one-vote rule , making tens of thousands of voters in Ohio or Florida more important than the tens of millions who happen to live in California ( the source of most of Clinton 's popular vote lead ) or Texas or any of the 37 other non-battleground states .
Candidates rarely visit those states , so their issues get ignored and they even get worse treatment from the federal government , according to NPV , which argues that presidents pay special attention to the needs of states they or their party has to win .
Eliminating the Electoral College entirely would require a constitutional amendment , which is nearly impossible . The last major attempt to abolish the electoral college that way ended in 1969 , when a proposed amendment died by Senate filibuster after overwhelmingly passing the House .
Instead , today 's reformers have rallied behind a clever work-around that 's merely very hard to achieve .
It 's an interstate compact in which state legislatures agree to assign their electoral college votes to whoever wins the national popular vote , regardless of how their state went . If enough states sign on , it has the effect of circumventing the Electoral College and making sure the winner of the popular vote is the next president .
So far eleven states with 165 electoral votes have signed on to the plan , which will only be activated once 270 electoral votes-worth of states pass the compact . The campaign had been making steady progress in both red and blue states , with recent wins in the state legislatures of Oklahoma and Arizona , and real gains in Georgia , where 55 out of 61 state senators sponsored the bill .
But Trent England , an Electoral College defender at the Oklahoma Council of Public Affairs , a conservative think tank , thinks the election results has stopped the reformers in their tracks .
`` I think their effort is basically done , at least for the foreseeable future , '' said England , who has testified against NPV in statehouses . `` It was a tactical mistake for them to sell this to Republicans as a partisan way for them to win . ''
Protesters demonstrate against President-elect Donald Trump outside Independence Hall in Philadelphia on Nov. 13 . Mark Makela / Getty Images
Both parties are hypocrites on the Electoral College , complaining about when they lose and defending it when they win .
`` The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy , '' Trump tweeted moments after Mitt Romney lost the 2012 election . After winning the election this year , he changed his tune : `` The Electoral College is actually genius , '' Trump tweeted .
Defenders of the Electoral College say it forces political parties to broaden their message beyond regional strongholds and gives rural areas a check on the power of coastal urban centers , which might otherwise come to dominate politics .
Swing states change from year to year , they note , while the most populous ones do not . And the system forces candidates to compete in most politically balanced places , which encourages persuasion and provides partisan checks on the integrity of the voting system .
`` When candidates have failed to get an Electoral College win , even if they win the popular vote , they 've not done a good job of reaching out to lots of different people , '' said Tara Ross , the author of the book `` Enlightened Democracy : The Case for the Electoral College '' and a frequent opponent of popular vote activists in statehouse hearing rooms .
This year , for instance , much Clinton 's popular vote lead came from California , a liberal state where Republicans were barely even on the ballot thanks to its so-called `` jungle primary '' system that allowed two Democrats to run against each other in the general election .
`` NPV has in the past has been able to tell people in red flyover states , it 's going to help you , '' Ross said . `` Now , a lot of voters in red states are thinking oh wow , California and New York really could sway the election . ''
Logic 101 would tell us that more Houstonians making killer music results in more Houston music fans discussing that music .
Still , in a city of millions , relatively few have chosen to broadcast their thoughts on how vital the arts are to this place . But Brandon Clements and Julian Lara have been doing just that for more than a year now with Dead Dialect Podcast , their Houston-based and guest-oriented show has earned an avid following for multiple reasons . It 's well-produced and sounds clean . There 's unbridled enthusiasm from the hosts , because they hand-pick artists they admire for each show . And it 's bells-and-whistles-free , allowing all the energy to be devoted to the dialogue .
“ Our show is formatted to be a podcast that features a musician or a comic or maybe a fighter from Houston and just have a focused but casual conversation with mikes in front of us , ” Clements says . “ We have friends both in and out Houston who are musicians , artists and comedians that we feel maybe are n't getting a lot of recognition and who could use a medium that would allow people to discover them or learn more about them and what they do . We record bi-weekly , sometimes more , sometimes less , at Dead Dialect Podcast Studios . Really , it is the dining room of the two-bedroom apartment we both share . When guests come to do our podcast they are quite literally stepping into our home .
Continue Reading
“ We do n't really try and keep too strict of a format since the idea is for the whole thing to be a natural and friendly conversation , '' adds Lara . `` But we typically do have premeditated points , questions or topics relating to the guest that we bring up so that it 's still informative . ”
All podcasts talk the talk , but DDP is dedicated to also walking the walk by occasionally hosting concerts to showcase its guests . Saturday night ( tomorrow ) , the podcast presents a show at Black Barbie featuring Josiah Gabriel , Jon Black , Sunrise and Ammunition , Popenqm , Pitter Patter , and Moths in a versus set against San Antonio 's Ghost Police .
“ It 's all music by folks who we feel are some of the best artists in Houston , and it 's just another way to get the word out on the talent-rich music scene in this city , ” Clements notes . “ Ultimately we wanted to have a way to get people we have on our podcast and people who listen to our podcast to be able to come together and hang out . ”
If it sounds like Clements understands what 's important to musicians , it may be because he is one . He 's drummed for Zoofeelia and his newest project is Phoebe , which had its debut show at Barbarella this week . The new band teams him with bassist Chris Dunaway ( Giant Battle Monster , Devil Killing Moth , Fox & Cats , etc ) , Popenqm 's Matt Willhelm and Bernie Pink 's Stefan Ridding .
`` So far we have a really weird and exciting blend of music spanning our influences of punk rock , pop , some old school emo and whatever else comes out of us , '' Clements says . `` I 've also recently taken up drums for my good friend , and my vote for the most underrated rapper in Houston , Jon Black . ”
Black has sat at the DDP DRT ( Dining Room Table ) , as have rockers Handsomebeast , music promoter Bassman Pep , comic Gabe Bravo , MMA fighter Tonya Evinger and Houston NORML 's Tracey Guerrero . Smartly , the duo has furthered the area music scene by featuring national acts on the show , bringing attention to what 's happening here for fans of bands like Warpaint , Fugazi and The Mars Volta , who have all had band members on the podcast .
“ Typically we brainstorm on who we could have on and come up with tentative lists of potential guests , or maybe make note of folks who might be coming to town that we may want to talk to , '' says Lara . `` Either one of us will reach out to the person or people and coordinate times and days to do the podcast . Ultimately though , it just comes down who we want on . Like , Warpaint is an example of guests both of us really wanted to have on and made it a goal to get in touch with them . ''
“ For me , the highlight of the podcast is being able to use it as a platform to get in touch with and talk to people that directly inspire me or who otherwise I 'd probably never get a chance to meet , '' he continues . `` Starting out , I kind of had the idea that maybe we could one day have on some notable people that we look up to , and all of a sudden it was just happening before we were even a year in . As for something that surprised me , when we did the Thomas Pridgen podcast earlier this year , I was pretty mindblown over his super-deep and intellectual knowledge on music and the history of gospel drumming in particular , as well as how ready he seemed to share his side of his pretty well known falling-out with The Mars Volta . ”
“ Brendan Canty of Fugazi was a podcast that I could n't believe was happening when it was happening , ” adds Clements . “ Fugazi is my all-time favorite band ever , hands down . And , as a drummer , Brendan Canty always was the first thing I heard when listening to them . I connected with his drums at a young age . He quite literally gave me a verbal history lesson on his entire musical career from Rites of Spring to Fugazi on to his current projects . It was an honor to have one of my idols walk me through the history of my favorite band on the planet . I 'm still not over it . And shout-out to Brendan for being such a ridiculously nice and humble person , glad to call him a homie now . ”
Those are some big “ gets ” for a show that started with humble aspirations and a different name . Both Star Wars fans , the guys christened the show “ Houston Holocron , ” but as it got more juice and booked bigger names , they decided a name change could help stave off future Lucasfilm legal kerfuffles . So , 14 episodes deep , it was rebranded as Dead Dialect Podcast .
Today their podcast wish list includes Fat Tony , an old friend whose busy schedule has n't yet allowed for a sit-down , as well as comic/podcasting legend comic Joe Rogan and Queens of the Stone Age drummer Jon Theodore . DDP will be hitting the road this month to chat up Sargent House Records band And So I Watch You From Afar . It 'll be fun to see who they can grab for the podcast when they hit Fun Fun Fun Fest in November .
“ At the end of the day , this is something anybody and everybody can do with a little time and research , '' says Clements . `` If we do our shows ‘ in-studio ' we set a time with our guest for that week , buy a six-pack , some water and get rolling . We 're just regular people talking to regular people , even when it comes to some of our more well-known guests . Often , we tend to put people up on a pedestal and maybe project our ideas and imaginations of what they 're like onto them , but being able to sit and chat with some of these folks just makes you realize that often they 're just like everyone else . They laugh , they joke , they drink , smoke , and they curse — just like we do . ”
Dead Dialect Podcast presents Josiah Gabriel , Jon Black , Sunrise and Ammunition , Moths vs. Ghost Police , Pitter Patter and Popenqm tomorrow night at Black Barbie , 3621 Canals ; $ 5 . The podcast can be heard on various podcasting sites , including Apple iTunes .
JOIN THE CONVERSATION :
To ask questions of the speakers on the panels or during the Q & A , use the # psymposia tag and our host , Lex Pelger , will ask them for you . Include your name , city , state , or country .
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
We asked our speakers to imagine the world without a drug war .
Find out their thoughts on the weekend of April 17-19 when Psymposia hosts a new kind of drug conference at UMass Amherst . A live stream ticket will allow you to watch the entire conference from the comfort of home .
We begin on Friday night with a free 'Psychedelic Storytelling ' followed by two days of talks featuring the Erowids , Chris Kilham , Katherine MacLean , Dorion Sagan , Dimitri Mugianis , & many more . Plus a lobby filled with artists , vendors , drug organizations and new friends to meet .
With short speeches and lots of time for audience questions , we hope to foster interaction and highlight a far-flung array of topics from our psychoactive community .
Panels include :
The Future of Healthcare : Psychedelic Medicine
Coming Out of the Psychedelic Closet
This Thing Called the Psychedelic Community
How the Internet Ends the Drug War
SPEAKERS :
Earth & Fire , Erowid Center​
Medicine Hunter​ Chris Kilham - Ayahuasca Test Pilots
Katherine MacLean - The Psychedelic Art of Dying
Dorion Sagan - Taking Drugs Seriously
Neşe Devenot - Coming Out of the Psychedelic Closet
Dimitri Mugianis - A Conversation on Ibogaine & Harm Reduction
Britta Love - Hookers & Dealers to Therapists & Guides
Jeremy Wolff - How Cannabis Reflects the Future
Kilindi Iyi - Psilocybin For the People
Oliver Williams - To Breathe Or Not To Breathe , a talk on Holotropic Breathwork
Twig Harper - Transmissions From Salvia Space
Richard Doyle - Ecodelics
David Nickles - DMT Nexus
... and many more including our `` Fresh Voices '' segments where we hear from fresh speakers that we 'd like to highlight .
South Park has offended just about everyone in its 20 years on air . The animated comedy 's equal-opportunities approach to controversy means no target is off limits in its sharp satire .
But sitting with the show 's creators , Matt Stone and Trey Parker , at South Park Studios in Los Angeles , the pair say they have n't pushed any issue too far… yet . “ We 're about to , ” promises Stone . “ At the end of October people are going to tell us to leave . We 're ready . ”
That 's when the duo will unleash new video game South Park : The Fractured But Whole ( “ It was going to be The Butthole of Time , but they said we ca n't say butthole , ” Parker reveals ) , taking aim at targets high and low — from institutionalised racism and paedophile priests , to Hollywood 's superhero deluge .
“ Our ethos has always been : if it 's funny it 's funny . Everyone can be made fun of , and everything should be made fun of if you do it in the right way , ” says Parker .
Each wall of the office shows their success in that mission — two decades of South Park memorabilia , the marionettes from 2004 film Team America : World Police , and posters for the phenomenally successful stage musical The Book of Mormon .
Every episode of the TV show is scripted , recorded and animated just days before broadcast to stay as topical as possible . It 's an approach that 's difficult to translate into a game developed over a number of years .
“ It 's totally different , and we 're not totally great at it , ” Parker jokes . “ Our game was hard to make because we did n't want it to be , ‘ here 's a funny cut-scene and now here 's a dry puzzle ' . The puzzles need to be funny , and the funny stuff needs to have gameplay . They have to be interwoven and talk to each other . ”
The writers frequently re-wrote during the game 's development to update the gags — and claim that some are oddly more topical now than when they were written . “ It 'll be funny when people get to it , we 've just been living with it for two years , ” says Parker .
' I did n't recover from Donald Trump 's election night for a month '
The Fractured But Whole gets even closer to the look of the series than 2014 game South Park : The Stick of Truth , which launched to acclaim from critics and fans of the show . This time the character models and animation techniques of the series have made their way into the game engine , and the sword-and-sorcery fantasy theme has been swapped for a superhero showdown .
“ Farts are your power , time farts , ” Parker confirms . “ We were committed to the farts and the butt thing . ”
South Park 's new season has now begun with episodes skewering the white nationalist tiki torch march , Columbus Day and Amazon Alexa . There 's less of a focus on Donald Trump , whose election campaign dominated the last season . Stone and Parker were taken by surprise when Trump won the election , and had to rewrite an episode at the 11th hour . Even they struggled to see a funny side .
“ It was a shocker , ” Stone says , recalling that night . “ The entire last season was about that , so we 're a little burned out on it . We do n't have a joke to make . ”
Parker adds that the election took him a whole month to recover from . “ We were up forever getting the episode under control . We got something that was OK , but you could tell what we 'd done to fix it . ”
Before Trump , Stone and Parker satirised the Bush administration and al Qaeda in Team America , and while Stone says they 're “ yearning to do something ” in film again soon , it wo n't be an Islamic State update on the puppet comedy .
“ It 's all the same s * * * , ” he says . “ It 's like , ‘ Ooh , are you going to do something on North Korea ? ' We did . ”
West End classics : The Book of Mormon 13 show all West End classics : The Book of Mormon 1/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 2/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 3/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 4/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 5/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 6/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 7/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 8/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 9/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 10/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 11/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 12/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 13/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 1/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 2/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 3/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 4/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 5/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 6/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 7/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 8/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 9/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 10/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 11/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 12/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson 13/13 The Book of Mormon Johan Persson
Their biggest export of recent years remains The Book of Mormon — still one of the West End 's most in-demand shows ( “ It was a f * * * ing good idea , ” Stone says ) . Initially beginning life as a music project , the show almost became a film before arriving on stage . “ We 're both most proud of the second act , ” says Parker . “ Both as a fan and a critic of musicals , second acts usually fall apart . ”
Stone agrees . “ You 're that far into it and it keeps unfolding . I love in a musical where you 're like , ‘ Woah , we 're over here now ? ' The songs wrote the musical , and that 's what makes it good . It was n't like , ‘ Let 's do a show and then stop for a song , and then more show , and stop for a song ' . ”
As any Book of Mormon audience member will attest , the move from post-watershed TV comedy to all-singing Broadway show did n't force Stone and Parker to lose their edge . “ By the time we get to them singing ‘ F * * * you , God ' , we 're doing the most insanely irreverent s * * * but we 've earned it . We did n't just start there , we got there by building plot , ” Parker smiles . “ But we sprinkle shavings of gratuitous on top . ”
Follow Ben Travis on Twitter : @ BenSTravis
South Park : The Fractured But Whole arrives on PS4 , Xbox One and PC on October 17
Adam Richman ( born May 16 , 1974 ) is an American actor and television personality . He has hosted various dining and eating-challenge programs on the Travel Channel .
Early life and education [ edit ]
Richman was born into a Jewish family in Brooklyn , New York , and raised in the Sheepshead Bay neighborhood of the borough . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] He attended `` a Solomon Schechter school through eighth grade and then a Talmud Torah high school '' , [ 3 ] ultimately graduating from Midwood High School . [ 2 ] He completed his undergraduate degree in International Studies at Emory University [ 1 ] in Atlanta , Georgia , and earned a master 's degree from the Yale School of Drama . [ 4 ] While attending Emory University , Richman was a member of Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity . [ 5 ]
Career [ edit ]
Richman 's acting career has included guest roles on Guiding Light , All My Children , Law & Order : Trial by Jury , and he portrayed God as a butcher on Joan of Arcadia in 2004 . In addition to appearing in regional theater productions throughout the United States , he was also seen in several national television commercials .
As a self-educated food expert and trained sushi chef , [ 6 ] Richman has kept a travel journal that includes every restaurant he has visited since 1995 . To maintain his health while indulging for his show on Travel Channel 's Man v. Food ( which originally aired between 2008 and 2012 ) , Richman would exercise twice a day while on the road . [ 4 ] [ 7 ] When the schedule permitted , he would not eat the day before a challenge . He also tried to stay hydrated by drinking lots of water or club soda and forgoing coffee and soft drinks . [ 8 ] Richman retired from competitive eating in January 2012 ; thus , Man v. Food Nation was the final season of Man v. Food . During his time as a competitive eater , Richman gained a considerable amount of weight and became depressed . After retiring from competitive eating , he lost 60 pounds ( 27 kg ) . [ 9 ]
Richman was a paid spokesman for Zantac during Season 3 of Man v . Food . [ 10 ]
Richman is also the author of America the Edible : A Hungry History from Sea to Dining Sea , which was released on November 9 , 2010 , by Rodale Publishing .
On January 23 , 2011 , Richman appeared on Food Network 's Iron Chef America as a judge for a battle with Gruyère cheese as the theme ingredient .
Richman hosted Travel Channel 's The Traveler 's Guide to Life , which debuted on January 26 , 2011 , and Amazing Eats , a spin-off of his popular series Man v. Food and Man v. Food Nation , which premiered on January 11 , 2012 .
Richman also hosted the TV series Adam Richman 's Best Sandwich in America which premiered Wednesday , June 6 , 2012 at 9 p.m . ET . This 11 episode weekly series documented Richman 's `` nationwide quest to find the best thing since sliced bread 'on ' sliced bread . `` [ 11 ] He ultimately declared the roast-pork sandwich from Tommy DiNic 's in Philadelphia 's Reading Terminal Market his `` Best Sandwich in America . ''
Richman hosts the Travel Channel 's Adam Richman 's Fandemonium . [ 12 ] An NBC game show called Food Fighters , with Richman as host , [ 13 ] premiered on July 22 , 2014 . [ 1 ]
In June 2014 , Richman found himself embroiled in a social media controversy over comments he made about his weight loss , which were accompanied by a hashtag said to be linked to eating disorders . [ 14 ] Highlighting the controversial nature of the encounter are allegations that Richman referred to one or more of his followers as `` haters '' and further advised them to `` grab a razor blade & draw a bath '' [ 15 ] He later apologized , but the Travel Channel postponed Richman 's series Man Finds Food . [ 16 ]
In 2015 , Richman told The Independent that he eats a vegan diet when training for soccer . [ 17 ]
Also in 2015 , Richman was a judge on the British television series BBQ Champ , hosted by Myleene Klass and broadcast on ITV .
Filmography [ edit ]
Personal life [ edit ]
Richman is a fan of the New York Yankees , English Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur [ 19 ] and Miami Dolphins ( especially their Hall of Fame quarterback , Dan Marino . ) [ 20 ]
On June 8 , 2014 , Richman represented the `` Rest of the World '' team in the annual Soccer Aid match against England at Old Trafford , Manchester in a game that combined former professional players and celebrities . Richman was quoted as saying that he lost 30 kilograms ( 66 lb ) for the game , and cried when he was asked to take part . [ 21 ]
Cops : We Screwed Up Maurice Jones-Drew Has n't Been Charged ... Yet
Cops : We Screwed Up ... Maurice Jones-Drew Has NOT Been Charged with a Crime ... Yet
Breaking News
The St. Augustine PD is doing some hardcore backpedaling ... admitting they ACCIDENTALLY told the mediawas charged with battery , when in fact , he has n't been charged with anything ... yet.Earlier today , the S.A.P.D . issued a statement to the media ... which stated very clearly , `` The [ S.A.P.D . ] has filed charges of misdemeanor battery against Jacksonville Jaguars player Maurice Jones-Drew that stemmed from an altercation at the Conch House 'Reggae Sundays . ' '' Now , a rep for the S.A.P.D . tells TMZ ... they screwed up and `` misrepresented '' the situation.According to cops ... no charges have been filed against Jones-Drew , however , he IS being investigated for allegedly punching a security guard in the face ... and is a `` person of interest . `` Cops say Jones-Drew and his attorney are being cooperative with the investigation . After the investigation is complete , we 're told the case will be sent to the State Attorney 's Office , which will determine if charges will be filed .
The British-made computer is as comfortable in the classroom as on the kitchen table – we want to hear about your successful ( and not so ! ) projects
The Raspberry Pi has become one of the easiest and most popular tools to learn programming or hack together a tech solution with add ons – it can even take on the tasks of a conventional home computer , and its latest model is so cheap it comes free with a magazine .
Best reader Raspberry Pi projects – and some of the most pointless Read more
Its British makers have shipped millions of the credit card-sized machines since launching in February 2012 , and we want to know how you 've been using them .
Whether you have pieced a Pi-based system together from scratch as a fun joint project with the kids , or breathed life into some older tech you had lying around , contribute and we 'll gather together some of your success stories – or even tales of woe .
You can share your pictures and stories by clicking on the blue ‘ Contribute ' button on this article . You can also use the Guardian app and search for ‘ GuardianWitness assignments ' – add it to the homepage to keep up with all our assignments .
Cool Tools and Other Stuff
JavaOne 2010 : Upcoming Java Features
by Eric Armstrong
September 23 , 2010
Summary
An overview of upcoming features in Java .
Advertisement
In the Java booth , Jim Holmlund gave me an overview of upcoming features in Java . ( Luckily for me , he had a copy of the speaker 's slides . So it made up for the session I missed in the morning . )
Some of what 's coming is pretty cool . Some is a bit dissapointing , compared to what I was hoping for . Here 's my notes :
Java 7
Java 7 will get a variety of small language enhancements that are part of the COIN project :
Strings in Switch Statements
A long overdue addition , the switch statement will find uses outside of low-level tokenizers that switch on character bytes and integers . It will be possible to compare strings , making a `` dispatch '' utility that will have many uses .
A long overdue addition , the switch statement will find uses outside of low-level tokenizers that switch on character bytes and integers . It will be possible to compare strings , making a `` dispatch '' utility that will have many uses . Underscores in constants
When you 're putting 1000000 miliseconds into a constant , you 'll be able to make it more readable by writing it as 1_000_000 . The compiler will then strip out the underscores to produce the actual constant .
When you 're putting 1000000 miliseconds into a constant , you 'll be able to make it more readable by writing it as 1_000_000 . The compiler will then strip out the underscores to produce the actual constant . Multi-catch
Instead of being limited to a single exception per catch clause , you 'll be able to catch multiple exceptions in one clause , and handle them each in the same way .
Instead of being limited to a single exception per clause , you 'll be able to catch multiple exceptions in one clause , and handle them each in the same way . Autoclose interface
One of Ruby 's goodnesses here . If you implement the autoclose interface , you can put input and output streams in a single try block and , when the block ends , all of the streams are closed . It 's an important feature that saves you the headache of making sure that you close everything when an exception disrupts the flow of processing . It will also eliminate memory leaks that can accumulate when programs are terminated abnormally , either externally or internally . That capability , in turn , means that a VM will be able to stay up longer before memory leaks force it to its knees .
One of Ruby 's goodnesses here . If you implement the autoclose interface , you can put input and output streams in a single try block and , when the block ends , all of the streams are closed . It 's an important feature that saves you the headache of making sure that you close everything when an exception disrupts the flow of processing . It will also eliminate memory leaks that can accumulate when programs are terminated abnormally , either externally or internally . That capability , in turn , means that a VM will be able to stay up longer before memory leaks force it to its knees . Default methods for interfaces
When defining an interface , it will be possible to specify a default implementation for a method signature . That feature helps in two ways . First , it means that implementation code which is typically written the same way can be provided in one DRY location . Second , it means that an interface designer can provide null implementations for features to be added at a later date . The idea is that older code wo n't break when new features are added to implementation objects .
For example , let 's say you publish a tree-processing interface . Any object that implements that interface can be given to your summation method , which will add up all the values in that tree . ( A directory tree , for example , with a count of files in each directory . ) I use that summation processor , and you do too . One day , you know you 'll want to add up the file sizes , as well . But you do n't have time to implement it right now . If you require tree interface to have a size ( ) method , you force me to implement it , even though it 's never used . But if you do n't , you ca n't add it later without breaking my implementation . You naturally do n't want to do that , so you define a default size ( ) method . Then , when you get around to it , you define a diskSpace ( ) method that takes a Tree object , and you define a size ( ) method in your DirectoryTree implementation . Everything works for you . As for me , I never implement size ( ) , but I do n't care : I never use that newfangled diskSpace ( ) method anyway , so the default implementation of t size ( ) is good enough for me .
When defining an interface , it will be possible to specify a default implementation for a method signature . That feature helps in two ways . First , it means that implementation code which is typically written the same way can be provided in one DRY location . Second , it means that an interface designer can provide null implementations for features to be added at a later date . The idea is that older code wo n't break when new features are added to implementation objects . For example , let 's say you publish a tree-processing interface . Any object that implements that interface can be given to your summation method , which will add up all the values in that tree . ( A directory tree , for example , with a count of files in each directory . ) I use that summation processor , and you do too . One day , you know you 'll want to add up the file sizes , as well . But you do n't have time to implement it right now . If you require tree interface to have a size ( ) method , you force me to implement it , even though it 's never used . But if you do n't , you ca n't add it later without breaking my implementation . You naturally do n't want to do that , so you define a default size ( ) method . Then , when you get around to it , you define a diskSpace ( ) method that takes a Tree object , and you define a method in your DirectoryTree implementation . Everything works for you . As for me , I never implement , but I do n't care : I never use that newfangled method anyway , so the default implementation of t is good enough for me . Type `` Inferencing ''
This is one that sounded good on paper , until I found it what it actually meant . I was hoping for something that would put an end to `` viral generics '' . You know , when a library returns a generic , and you call that API , now you have to put the generics on your variable to make the warning go away -- and when you return it , everything that calls you has to have generics added . ( Old languages used to have 4 pages of warnings , making it hard to spot the errors . To this day , I dislike warnings . )
So my expectation for `` type inferencing '' was that it would work sort of like Ruby or Scala . If f ( x ) returns an ArrayList of String , then there would be no need to code ArrayList < String > list = f ( x ) . Instead , you would just code list = f ( x ) , like you used to , and the compiler would figure it out .. No such luck . Instead of inferencing from right to left , as I expected , it works the other way around .
Instead of specifying this : List < List < String > > list = new ArrayList < List < String > > ( ) ;
You 'll be able to specify this : List < List < String > > list = new ArrayList < > ( ) ;
Granted , it 's an improvement . But it 's a pretty small improvement . And it 's not even really type inferencing . Instead , it 's type deduction : If you tell the compiler what the type is on the left side of the assignment , it can figure out what the type has to be on the right side , a few characters later . I should hope so . Pardon my disappointment , but I was looking for a lot more .
Java 8 ( ish )
VM Support for Dynamic Languages :
These features will make it possible for truly dynamic languages to be implemented without compromise . ( Fully dynamic type safety for languages like JRuby comes to mind as one of the features that will probably be implemented . )
These features will make it possible for truly dynamic languages to be implemented without compromise . ( Fully dynamic type safety for languages like JRuby comes to mind as one of the features that will probably be implemented . ) LambdaJ :
This feature makes functions into first-class objects so that , for example , an anonymous function can be passed as an argument to a method , using syntax like this : # { .. function definition here ... }
That 's an important step towards functional programming capabilities , of course . But it 's only one of several steps that are needed , and it 's going to be a year or two before Java 8 is available . ( For more on that subject , see the next report . )
Next : Functional Programming , from Java to Scala
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ? Readers have already posted 47 comments about this weblog entry . Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Eric Armstrong adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Eric Armstrong has been programming and writing professionally since before there were personal computers . His production experience includes artificial intelligence ( AI ) programs , system libraries , real-time programs , and business applications in a variety of languages . He works as a writer and software consultant in the San Francisco Bay Area . He wrote The JBuilder2 Bible and authored the Java/XML programming tutorial available at http : //java.sun.com . Eric is also involved in efforts to design knowledge-based collaboration systems .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2010 Eric Armstrong . All rights reserved .
In a completely expected move following the hires of offensive coordinator Sterlin Gilbert and offensive line coach/run game coordinator Matt Mattox on Friday evening , the Texas Longhorns will not extend the contracts of former play caller Shawn Watson and offensive coordinator/offensive line coach Joe Wickline , according to the Longhorn Network .
The school 's television network also announced that the hires of Gilbert and Mattox are now official minutes before the official release from the school .
Speculation surrounded Watson and Wickline for much of the 2015 season . Watson looked to be on his way out ever since he was removed as the play caller following the season-opening debacle against the Notre Dame Fighting Irish in South Bend , while the rumors of Wickline 's departure gained steam over recent weeks until it became a virtually foregone conclusion .
Neither hire worked out particularly well for head coach Charlie Strong -- the titles and roles of both were always confusing , Watson 's offense never looked like a strong fit for the personnel at Texas or the wide-open Big 12 conference , and Wickline 's tenure was marked by the cloud of the Oklahoma State lawsuit hanging over the program and a lack of success on the recruiting trail .
The chops of Wickline as an offensive line coach still are n't in question , but he never quite fit and his seeming lack of interest in recruiting was a big problem for a staff that did n't have any rainmakers on the offensive staff other than tight ends coach Jeff Traylor , who did n't join the Longhorns until after the 2015 class already signed .
To put it bluntly , the two most important hires made offensively by Strong when he arrived were major failures that undermined his job security and hurt Texas on the field and on the recruiting trail . In large part because of those decisions , Strong almost certainly wo n't have a third opportunity to get the hires right at those spots .
File this in the `` why am I not surprised ? '' folder , please . Republican FCC Commissioner Meredith Attwell Baker is leaving her post at the FCC to become Comcast 's Senior VP of Government Affairs .
Ars Technica :
The news , reported this afternoon by the Wall Street Journal , The Hill , and Politico , comes after the hugely controversial merger of Comcast and NBC earlier this year . At the time , Baker objected to FCC attempts to impose conditions on the deal and argued that the `` complex and significant transaction '' could `` bring exciting benefits to consumers that outweigh potential harms . '' Four months after approving the massive transaction , Attwell Baker will take a top DC lobbying job for the new Comcast-NBC entity , according to reports . The response of groups like Free Press was expected in its anger , but not without merit . `` No wonder the public is so nauseated by business as usual in Washington—where the complete capture of government by industry barely raises any eyebrows , '' said Free Press ' Craig Aaron . `` The continuously revolving door at the FCC continues to erode any prospects for good public policy . We hope—but wo n't hold our breath—that her replacement will be someone who is not just greasing the way for their next industry job . ''
Baker has spoken against net neutrality regulations in the past . I imagine Comcast will be very happy to have her on the team . Sigh .
In case you 're not familiar with Baker 's connections , here 's her pedigree :
Baker , an ebullient Houston native , needs little introduction within Washington . She is daughter-in-law of former secretary of state James A. Baker III . Husband James A. Baker IV is a senior partner at law firm Baker Botts . Her introduction to Washington was in high school , when she was an exchange student . Coincidentally , she stayed with the family of FCC chief of staff Edward Lazarus and attended a semester at Sidwell Friends School . After working at the State Department , she fell into technology policy by accident . Baker followed Steven Barry , a former boss from State to wireless trade group CTIA . Baker then joined the National Telecommunications and Information Administration to work on spectrum management before taking over for John M. R. Kneuer in November 2008 .
Yippee .
The document is n't clear on whether the IRS misled Congress . 5 takeaways from IRS report
The most hotly anticipated IRS probe since Watergate did n't exactly live up to the hype .
The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration report leaked on Tuesday evening does n't nail anyone for lying to Congress . It did n't out rogue liberal IRS agents with an ax to grind against nonprofit tea party groups .
Story Continued Below
But the watchdog report did break new ground , clearly declaring that the IRS crossed the line in asking about donors to conservative groups . It reveals the IRS to be a stubborn agency that is n't ready to fix all the problems in the report . And it warns that a crackdown on these 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) groups is n't coming any time soon .
( PHOTOS : 10 slams on the IRS )
Here 's the top five things takeaways from the Inspector General report :
IRS agents were n't partisan
Republicans looking for a smoking gun on partisan motive will have to keep looking — the report stops short of calling the IRS intentionally partisan , even if the questions might have been inappropriate .
Most of the report focuses on reprimanding the IRS for choosing ineffective criteria that could be construed as partisan rather than focusing on a partisan motive . Only about 15 percent of the potential cases had the terms “ Tea Party , ” “ patriots ” and “ 9/12 ” in their organization name . The remaining cases were flagged for other reasons .
The report found that the narrow focus of the criteria “ gives the appearance that the IRS is not impartial in conducting its mission . ”
“ Using the names or policy positions of organizations is not an appropriate basis for identifying applications for review by the team of specialists , ” the inspector general said .
( Also on POLITICO : Watchdog : IRS used 'inappropriate criteria ' )
The report never directly accuses the IRS of bias , just the appearance of impropriety .
Despite the inappropriate search criteria , the majority of applications flagged by the Cincinnati office had indications of significant violations of tax policy . The report found that about 69 percent of the fully documented cases on the list were properly identified .
Unclear on whether the IRS misled Congress
The report remains silent on what is emerging as the biggest Republican grievance — how Acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller and former Commissioner Doug Shulman failed to disclose to Congress what they learned about the targeting program after May 2012 .
Miller wrote letters to the House Ways and Means Committee and Senate Republicans months after he was briefed but never disclosed that the agency was giving an extra critical eye to conservative groups . Government oversight Chairman Darrell Issa ( R-Calif. ) also accused division head Lois Lerner of misleading Congress after her June 2011 discovery .
“ It appears that you provided false or misleading information on four separate occasions last year in response to the committee 's oversight of the IRS 's treatment of conservative groups applying for tax exempt status , ” Issa and committee member Rep. Jim Jordan ( R-Ohio ) wrote .
But you wo n't read about that in the IG report .
The controversial answers from Miller on why top agency employees did not tell Congress about the extra scrutiny will likely come forth during the Ways and Means hearing this Friday .
Asking about donors crossed the line
If tea party groups thought the questions were intrusive , even the Inspector General agrees that asking about donors and books read was a bridge too far .
The Inspector General said donor lists and details were an unnecessary , burdensome request in the vetting process . That may be the biggest victory for frustrated conservatives .
The report also makes clear that the IRS knew that it overstepped its bounds when it asked for donor records .
“ Officials informed us that they decided to destroy all donor lists that were sent in for potential political cases that the IRS determined it should not have requested , ” the report said .
FORT LAUDERDALE — A parent is citing profanity and violence in trying to get the local school to ban Ray Bradbury 's “ Fahrenheit 451 , ” itself a cautionary tale on the banning of books .
Another wants to remove Walter Dean Myers ' “ Bad Boy ” for using the word “ penis ” and a homophobic slur .
Elsewhere in Florida , some say global warming and evolution are a hoax and should not be taught in textbooks unopposed . Others say their school 's textbooks shortchange Islam 's role in the world , while their opponents argue it 's the danger posed by Muslim terrorists that 's underexposed .
Under a bill passed by the Legislature this year , any district resident — regardless of whether they have a child in school — can now challenge material as pornographic , biased , inaccurate or a violation of state law and get a hearing before an outside mediator .
The mediator advises the local school board , whose decision is final . Previously , challenges could only be made by parents to the school or district . There was also no mediator and fewer mandates . Districts must now also post online a list of all new books and material by grade level to make monitoring easier .
To gauge the challenges made , the Associated Press recently sent public records requests to Florida 's 67 school districts , seeking any complaints filed this year . Seven reported receiving at least one , including these notable complaints :
— In Brevard County , a Citizens ' Alliance couple filed challenges against elementary school social studies textbooks , alleging each has dozens of inaccuracies . They say authors frequently ignore American exceptionalism and the books ' assertion that global warming is caused by human activity is “ blatant indoctrination. ” The district says no changes were made .
— In Seminole County , two parents complained that a middle school ancient history textbook had no chapter on Islamic civilization while mentioning Christianity , Judaism , Buddhism and Hinduism . The district replied that Islam was emerging during the time frame taught and is covered in 10th grade .
— In Santa Rosa County , a parent wants Ray Bradbury 's 1953 novel “ Fahrenheit 451 ” banned from schools because it contains profanity and violence . The book describes a future where firemen burn seized books after all are banned by the U.S. government .
— In Nassau County , a resident challenged the teaching of evolution , arguing life was created and perhaps planted by space aliens . A hearing was held , and the mediator is preparing a report .
— In Duval County , the parent of a sixth grade girl complained that an assigned novel , “ Bad Boy ” by Walter Dean Myers , is too explicit for that age group because it uses “ penis ” and a homophobic slur . The district agreed to warn parents before it is assigned .
The Florida Citizens ' Alliance , a conservative group , pushed for the change , arguing many districts ignored challenges or heard them with stacked committees and did n't consider residents who do n't have children in the schools . Members say boards rejected complaints over sexually explicit novels like Toni Morrison 's “ The Bluest Eyes ” being issued to middle school students . They also do n't believe evolution and global warming should be taught without students hearing counterarguments .
Keith Flaugh , a managing director of the alliance , said schools are using pornographic materials and textbooks that “ totally distort our founding values and principles . ''
Brandon Haught , spokesman for Florida Citizens for Science , which opposed the bill , said his group is prepared to fight any challenges made against the teaching of evolution and climate change , which nearly all biologists and climatologists agree are proven facts . Haught , a high school environmental science teacher , said he is surprised social studies and English teachers have not formed similar coalitions to defend their courses .
“ The alliance is pushing their narrow ideology on the public schools in any way they can , and so far they 're meeting with success . I ca n't speak for the other academic subjects they 're targeting , but I know beyond a doubt that their ideology when it comes to science is grossly ignorant and does n't belong anywhere near a classroom , ” Haught said .
I have a new redone version of this ! ! ! slifertheskydragon.deviantart.… Uploaded a revised version.++++++++++++++I finally got my computer back ! Virus-free ! I just reinstalled photoshop and felt like finishing what would have been my digital art entry into sac-anime 's art contest ... T_T ( but the computer died 6 days before the deadline ... and was n't fixed until ... 4 weeks later . ) Avatar Aang Vs Danny Phantom ! ! ! I think this would be an awesome animated fight . ( make it so nick ! XP ) Danny would 've had some clones in there fighting too ... I just say Aang beat 3 clones . yayness.Avatar Aang : Airbending ( hurricanes , this would actually work against Danny if he was invisible , not sure about intangible though ... ) Waterbending ( tsunamis , this power would be useless if Danny was intangible ... ) Earthbending ( earthquakes/fissures- Danny can float , so he can avoid these ) Firebending ( he has n't gotten this down yet ... it might work against Danny ) Ultimate attack : Avatar state ( His attack is strengthened exponentially ) Danny Phantom : Ghost ray ( basic beams of energy , I think Aang could dodge/block these easily ) Ghost shieldGhost senseintangiblityinvisibilityfloating/flyingovershadowing ( Danny could possess someone like Katara and force Aang to attack her . ) ghostly ice ( this would help to negate the water attacks ... ) spectral manipulation ( his tail thing , and how he can like , make a hole in himself ... ) Duplication ( he tries ) Ultimate attack : ghostly wail ( causes him to revert to `` fenton '' though ) Danny can go invisible so Aang ca n't see him , and Intangible so all physical attacks go through and he floats , so that makes the Earthbending pretty useless ... The problem is experience , Aang 's had training while Danny 's pretty much been on his own ... So I think that Danny would n't remember to go intangible until it was too late ... XPLineart for Danny : www.deviantart.com/deviation/5… Lineart for Aang : www.deviantart.com/deviation/5… Alternate fighting poses : Aang : www.deviantart.com/deviation/5… Danny : www.deviantart.com/deviation/5…
[ If you 're new to this series , you may wish to skip ahead to part-7 , where I 've done a partial ‘ start-over ' ]
In part 5 of this series , as promised , we 're going to add streaming capabilities to our TStriteSheet class .
Adding streaming to the TSpriteSheet class will enable us to save sprite sheets in files , with their animation and static image data . Or perhaps to save them into a database to be fetched as required by a mobile device . When combined with some kind of streaming for the scene classes , this could be used to package all of the data required to represent a game level , so we 'll be able to load levels rather than hard code them .
Before anyone asks , I did give serious consideration to serializing our sprite sheet to a common format such as XML or JSON . Using these formats have merit , however , doing so increases code complexity a little , and requires more work . For the purposes of this series of blog posts , I decided there was little benefit in targeting these formats . If you 'd like to , please consider that an exercise for the reader .
Lets get started .
We 'll need two methods with the following content…
SaveToStream ( ) Save an identifying signature to identify this as a sprite sheet . Save the source image . Save the animation data . Save the static image data .
LoadFromStream ( ) Load the identifying signature and confirm this is a sprite sheet . Load the source image . Load the animation data . Load the static image data .
So lets start with saving to stream .
const cSig = 'MAGIC_SPRITES ' ; procedure TSpriteSheet . SaveToStream ( aStream : TStream ) ; var l : int32 ; idx : int32 ; begin // Start by writing some kind of signiture . // We use this to confirm a valid stream when reading back . StringToStream ( cSig , aStream ) ; // Save the source image to stream . BitmapToStream ( fSourceImage , aStream ) ; // Save the animations list to stream . l : = AnimCount ; aStream . Write ( l , sizeof ( l ) ) ; for idx : = 0 to pred ( l ) do begin AnimationToStream ( Animation [ idx ] , aStream ) ; end ; // Save static images to stream . l : = ImageCount ; aStream . Write ( l , sizeof ( l ) ) ; for idx : = 0 to pred ( l ) do begin ImageToStream ( Image [ idx ] , aStream ) ; end ; end ;
Note the constant in the above code , this can be placed anywhere in the implementation section , so long as it comes before the SaveToStream ( ) and LoadFromStream ( ) methods .
There are four new functions introduced in SaveToStream ( ) …
StringToStream ( ) , The standard TStream class does not have a method for saving strings to a stream , so here we supply our own . BitmapToStream ( ) , TBitmap does have a method enabling it to be saved to a stream , however , it 's not suitable for our needs so we wrap it with our own method . AnimationToStream ( ) , Allows us to save our TAnimation class , and subsequently TAnimationFrame classes to stream . ImageToStream ( ) , This method allows us to save our TStaticImage class to stream .
Each of these methods has a method which does the reverse and loads data from the stream . We 're going to take a closer look at each of the saving methods , and then I 'll simply include the loading methods for you to study . Lets start with StringToStream ( ) .
procedure TSpriteSheet . StringToStream ( S : string ; aStream : TStream ) ; var l : int32 ; idx : int32 ; c : char ; begin // write the length of the string in code points ( characters ) l : = length ( S ) ; aStream . Write ( l , sizeof ( l ) ) ; // loop the code-points to write each one-at-a-time for idx : = 1 to l do begin c : = S [ idx ] ; aStream . Write ( c , sizeof ( c ) ) ; end ; end ;
This method is quite inefficient . The default string type when using modern Delphi compilers is unicode UTF-16 Little Endian . Although UTF-16 has variable length code points , the majority of languages will only ever use 16-bits , and those that require more space always use 32-bits . In order to save the string , we 're saving each 16-bit code-point , or partial code-point , one at a time within a loop . I 've written it this way because it 's pretty clear what it does , and , I 'm lazy , this is the easy way . LoadFromStream ( ) does the reverse .
I 've done something similar with the BitmapToStream ( ) method .
procedure TSpriteSheet . BitmapToStream ( aBitmap : TBitmap ; aStream : TStream ) ; var MS : TMemoryStream ; S : int32 ; begin // We ca n't simply use TBitmap.SaveToStream because it does nothing to // mashal the size of the data . When loading back , it 'll over-run . So we // need an intermediate buffer . MS : = TMemoryStream . Create ; try // Copy bitmap to memory stream aBitmap . SaveToStream ( MS ) ; MS . Position : = 0 ; // Write size of memory stream to target stream if MS . Size > MaxInt then begin raise Exception . Create ( 'TSpriteSheet.BitmapToStream : Image data too large . ' ) ; end ; S : = MS . Size ; aStream . Write ( S , Sizeof ( S ) ) ; // Write content of memory stream to target stream MS . SaveToStream ( aStream ) ; finally MS . Free ; end ; end ;
The TBitmap class actually has a .SaveToStream ( ) method , as well as a .LoadFromStream ( ) . Unfortunately they do n't behave the way we 'd like them to . TBitmap.SaveToStream ( ) will save all of the bitmap data to a stream , but without saving any indication of the size of that data . When we attempt to load the bitmap back in using TBitmap.LoadFromStream ( ) it assumes that the remainder of the stream is the data to load . In our case , we want to save more information to the stream after the bitmap ( our animation data ) , so we wrap the TBitmap.SaveToStream ( ) method in our BitmapToStream ( ) method , which , stores the size of the bitmap data first .
Now we 'll skip the order a little and look at ImageToStream ( ) .
procedure TSpriteSheet . ImageToStream ( anImage : TStaticImage ; aStream : TStream ) ; begin // Write the image name StringToStream ( anImage . Name , aStream ) ; // Write the pixel coordinates aStream . Write ( anImage . PixCoords , sizeof ( TRect ) ) ; end ;
There 's nothing too special going on here . We 're simply saving the name of the image to the stream , and then , we 're saving the pixel coordinates of the image . When we load this back , we 'll create a new instance of TStaticImage and give these pixel coordinates to the constructor so that the texture coordinates are recalculated .
procedure TSpriteSheet . AnimationToStream ( anAnimation : TAnimation ; aStream : TStream ) ; var FrameCount : int32 ; idx : int32 ; begin // Write the animation name to the stream StringToStream ( anAnimation . Name , aStream ) ; // write the frame count to the stream FrameCount : = anAnimation . Count ; aStream . Write ( FrameCount , Sizeof ( FrameCount ) ) ; // write the frames to the stream for idx : = 0 to pred ( FrameCount ) do begin // we only need to save the pixel coords . aStream . Write ( anAnimation . Frames [ idx ] . PixCoords , sizeof ( TRect ) ) ; end ; end ;
AnimationToStream ( ) starts by saving it 's name to the stream , and then it saves the number of frames of animation , followed by the data for each animation frame . Again , we only save the pixel coordinates because we can recalculate the texture coordinates when we load this data back .
Lets see all of the new streaming methods :
Okay , we can now save our TSpriteSheet class to a stream and load it back . So if we create a sprite sheet in code as we have done , we can save it to a file , and then load it back into the engine from file rather than from the hard-coding .
Why is this important ? Well , this gives us the ability to supply a sprite based application with limited artwork , and to then supply additional artwork later without having to release an updated application binary . If you extend this out to games , with a few additional streaming functions we could save entire levels into streams ( or files via file streams ) , and deliver those levels as updates to the game , without having to actually deliver an updated game application . This was not one of our original goals , but it 'll become useful later , consider it an added extra for now .
Restoring cross platform
Back in part-1 I promised that this sprite engine would be cross platform , but it is n't ! I tested a proof of concept , and have since merely asserted that the sprite engine is cross platform , when this is actually not true . A few issues have crept in which have broken the code for cross platform deployment .
1 ) My use of TList for storing lists of classes has lead to the code being incompatible with ARC ( automatic reference counting ) which is how all of the mobile compilers for Delphi work .
2 ) The sprite is n't actually rendering on mobile devices .
The solution to the fist of these is to swap TList for a generic TList < > everywhere .
The second problem is also due to ARC . The FMX framework TMaterial class has a weak reference to the texture which we 're assigning…
So I 've gone ahead and fixed that problems in the code which you can download here – : ( Replaced , please skip ahead and take the sources from part 5.5 : Delphi Sprite Engine part 5.5 )
Thanks for reading !
ISIS has released 16 more Assyrian Christian hostages following the 25 released on Christmas Day .
The captives were freed in al-Hasakah in Syria , according to reports from the Assyrian Church of the East Relief Organisation ( ACERO ) , a charity working with Assyrian Christians .
ACERO / Facebook The Assyrian Christians have spent many months in ISIS ' captivity
A statement on the group 's Facebook page broke the story and pleaded for further support .
`` The 16 freed hostages , comprising men , women and children , was met and embraced by His Grace Mar Afram Athneil , Bishop of Syria and Chairman of ACERO , '' read the statement .
`` ACERO continues to play a leading role in supporting the released hostages and their families through the generosity of our supporters and partner organizations . ''
ACERO His Grace Mar Afram Athneil , Bishop of Syria , greeted the captives according to ACERO
The hostages were among more than 200 people abducted from villages along the Khabour River in northern Syria earlier this year .
ISIS have now released more than 150 captives in total and negotiators are working to secure the release of the roughly one hundred who remain .
The latest release comes after more than two dozen Assyrian Christians were released on Christmas Day . ACERO called the event a `` glorious Christmas gift . ''
Newsletter Sign Up
A Demand for Action , a campaign group for minorities in the Middle East , previously told Christian Today that the Church is working `` day and night to make sure all are returned to their families safely '' .
In October , militants released a video showing the execution three of the hostages , and threatened to murder those still in captivity if a multi-million dollar ransom was not paid .
Initially , ISIS demanded a ransom fee of around $ 100,000 per hostage , totalling $ 23 million . When it became clear that the Assyrian community could not afford it , the amount was lowered to between $ 12- $ 14 million .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday that a ceasefire agreement in eastern Ukraine was not being respected and that everything possible must be done to fully implement a peace deal reached in Minsk , Belarus , in February .
`` We are here to implement the Minsk deal , and not to call it into question , '' Merkel said at a news conference in Berlin with French President François Hollande and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko .
Earlier on Monday , Poroshenko said Ukraine was facing a precarious year struggling to fend off what he called Russian strategies to undermine Kyiv 's drive for closer relations with Europe .
At a ceremony in central Kyiv to mark 24 years of Ukrainian independence from Moscow , he said 50,000 Russian troops were massed along the Ukraine-Russia border and a further 9,000 were supporting pro-Russian rebels in separatist territories .
`` The war for Ukrainian independence is continuing , '' Poroshenko said .
While the threat of `` full-scale military invasion '' remains , Russia `` also has an alternative strategy — to undermine the situation in the middle of our country and to put the country at loggerheads with key [ foreign ] partners , isolating it with the aggressor , '' he said .
Later in Berlin , Poroshenko said Ukraine was fulfilling its obligations in the peace deal .
`` We clearly declare that today Russia and the fighters it supports are the only threat to the peace process , '' he said .
Thousands killed
French President François Hollande , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko told media in Berlin that everything possible must be done to fully implement a peace deal reached in February . ( Markus Schreiber/Associated Press ) Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov called Poroshenko 's comments `` unfounded and disgraceful , '' and said he was trying to break the `` genetic code '' ensuring the unity of the two nations .
Lavrov said Russia , which was not present at the talks in Berlin , wanted Germany and France to put pressure on Poroshenko to stick to Ukraine 's commitments under the Minsk agreement and to grant the rebel regions greater autonomy .
Russia annexed Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula in 2014 after an uprising toppled a pro-Russian president in Kyiv . It has dismissed accusations by NATO and other powers that it has sent arms and troops to back separatists in the east .
Under the Minsk agreement , both sides have withdrawn large numbers of heavy weapons from the conflict zone but sporadic clashes have still proven deadly .
More than 6,500 people , including hundreds of civilians , have been killed since fighting erupted .
Arsenal 's top two stars are finding distinctly different ways of recharging ahead of this summer 's international tournaments . Alexis Sanchez posted a photo on Instagram showing himself on a private jet together with his two ever-present dogs , Atom and Humber , on their way to his Chilean hometown of Tocopilla .
A photo posted by Alexis Sanchez ( @ alexis_officia1 ) on May 22 , 2016 at 2:30pm PDT
Meanwhile , Ozil posted a photo of his pilgrimage to Mecca , Islam 's holiest city , in Saudi Arabia . Ozil , who has Turkish origins and is a devout Muslim , was pictured in front of the Kaaba at the centre of the city 's Great Mosque .
Ozil made his pilgrimage during a wider tour of the Middle East that also included a visit to play football with children in a refugee camp in Jordan . The Germany playmaker had been invited by his friend , Prince Ali bin Hussein of Jordan , the former FIFA presidential candidate .
And Ozil travelled in style :
Goodbye Dubai ! ���� I hope to see you soon again ������ Thx to @ emirates & @ stupriestley pic.twitter.com/C7XQgU07CK - Mesut Özil ( @ MesutOzil1088 ) 22 May 2016
Ozil will next join up with the Germany squad for European 2016 , while Sanchez has his sights on defending the Copa America title with Chile .
In the rush to develop renewable fuels from plants , converting crop residues into cellulosic ethanol would seem to be a slam dunk .
However , that might not be such a good idea for farmers growing crops without irrigation in regions receiving less than 25 inches of precipitation annually , says Ann Kennedy , a USDA-Agricultural Research Service soil scientist and adjunct professor of crop and soil sciences at Washington State University .
`` With cultivation , organic matter tends to decline in most places around the world , '' she said . `` In the more than 100 years that we have been cultivating soils in the Palouse , '' —the wheat growing region of Eastern Washington , Northern Idaho and Northeast Oregon— '' we have lost about half of the original organic matter . ''
Ideally , according to Kennedy , soils in the Palouse should have about 3.5 percent organic content . In most farm fields , she said , it is now closer to 2 percent .
She said organic matter provides nutrients crops need , helps the soil hold water and contributes to the formation of soil clods that help prevent wind erosion . The percentage of organic matter in a given soil varies naturally from region to region , depending on climate , soil disturbance , moisture and vegetation . Generally speaking , more moisture leads to more vegetation , which is the feedstock for the microbes that break down residue into organic matter .
`` A lot of people think residue is part of organic matter , '' Kennedy said , `` but that is not correct . Organic matter is well-decomposed plant material and microbes . It is black and rich and gives soil its dark color . ''
Kennedy , who researches the composition of cereal crop residues and the amount of residue needed to maintain soil quality , said that the tillage system used to prepare the soil for planting has a big effect on the conversion of residue to soil organic matter . In no-till ( direct seed ) or one-pass tillage systems , she said , at least a ton of residue per acre per year is needed to build soil organic matter over time . In these minimum tillage systems , the intact and slowly decomposing roots also add to organic matter . She found that the percentage of organic matter in no-till research plots at the Palouse Conservation Field Station increased from 1.9 percent to 3.6 percent over the course of 20 years .
In fields with multiple tillage passes , on the other hand , organic matter may not increase even if all the crop residue is left in the field .
Kennedy thinks multiple tillage may mix the soil and residue too well , in essence over-feeding the microbes . The microbes will consume the incorporated residue too quickly and release most of it into the air as carbon dioxide .
`` It is like going to an all-you-can-eat restaurant every day and eating too much , '' she said `` You can not adequately metabolize all the food you ate . Cultivated soil is like a 'pig out ' for microbes . ''
For the long-term health of the soil , leaving residue on the soil surface works best .
`` It will tend to stay around longer , and the microbes will slowly invade it and convert it into organic matter with less lost as carbon dioxide , '' said Kennedy . And about proposals to bale off crop residue for production of biofuels ?
`` You could remove the extra residue , '' she said , `` but it still provides surface cover and will eventually become organic matter ; this residue layer is especially important if you rotate with low-residue crops legumes and canola . ''
If residue were harvested , she said , soil fertility would drop and farmers would have to find other ways to increase the amount of organic matter in their soils .
`` We need to constantly replenish organic matter—so removing valuable residue , especially in areas with low rainfall , may not be the best practice . ''
A solid 24 hours after Fox News reported the massive bombshell that the FBI was pursuing a criminal investigation into the Clinton Foundation , the liberal “ Big Three ” networks ( ABC , CBS , and NBC ) were scrambling to defend Clinton Thursday evening . While failing to report the news at all that same morning , CBS and NBC claimed that it was a crazy lie Donald Trump was telling his supporters , while ABC and the Spanish-language networks censored the story entirely .
Instead of reporting on the bombshell news , ABC 's World News Tonight dedicated an over 4 minute long puff piece to touting the efforts of Clinton 's campaign and glorifying her campaign surrogates .
“ Today in Jacksonville , falsely alleging Clinton is under criminal investigation for the Clinton Foundation , ” declared reporter Katy Tur in regards to a Trump rally , on NBC Nightly News . She tried to downplay the investigation as old news , stating , “ A senior law enforcement official tells NBC News after an initial look , the case has not moved an inch in months . ”
According to the Fox News report , the shocking news comes with an “ avalanche of new information coming every day ” to the FBI that could lead to an indictment . But CBS 's Major Garret seem quite irked on CBS Evening News by the way Trump was using the news . “ Not quite , ” interjected Garrett , “ CBS News has confirmed that the FBI has looked into the finances of the Clinton Foundation but so far , no charges have been filed . ”
In addition to their initial report Wednesday evening , Fox News ' James Rosen had more to report Thursday evening on Special Report .
“ The foundation case , as opposed to the e-mail case , is seen by the field agents at the FBI -- my source is well placed source inside the FBI , ” Rosen explained , “ It is the foundation case that is seen as the stronger of the two , in part because of the way the e-mail case has been conducted. ” Rosen also mentioned that his source informed him that the FBI believes multiple entities had breached the meager security measures of Clinton 's personal server .
When it came to reports of a great divide within the FBI Rosen 's source confirmed it :
The field agents are very disappointed that more has n't been done on both cases . But particularly in the case of the foundation investigation . The field agents believe they have the goods for a case . It 's the higher ups , the political appointees and the career prosecutors who tend to be more cautious and are behaving that way in this case .
Transcripts below :
CBS
Evening News
November 3 , 2016
6:31:22 PM Eastern [ 2 Minutes 32 Seconds ] SCOTT PELLEY : The race is down to five days , and Hillary Clinton 's lead is down to three points . In a new CBS News/New York Times poll tonight , it 's Clinton 45 percent , Donald Trump 42 . Two weeks ago Clinton had a nine-point lead . Motivating voters is key , and today , both campaigns seemed to adopt a new motto— “ if you ca n't win them , scare them. ” Donald Trump was in Florida with his version of a story in today 's Wall Street Journal about the FBI and the Clinton Foundation . Major Garrett was there . [ Cuts to video ] DONALD TRUMP : So , let me ask you this question , I 've never done this before . Will justice be done or not ? Will justice be done , yes or no ? MAJOR GARRETT : In Jacksonville , Florida today , Donald Trump seized on a new report that the FBI has investigated criminal wrongdoing at the Clinton Foundation . TRUMP : It was reported that an avalanche of information is coming in . The FBI agents say their investigation is likely to yield an indictment . GARRETT : Not quite . CBS News has confirmed that the FBI has looked into the finances of the Clinton Foundation but so far , no charges have been filed . ...
...
NBC
Nightly News
November 3 , 2016
7:08:00 PM Eastern ... TUR : Today in Jacksonville , falsely alleging Clinton is under criminal investigation for the Clinton Foundation . D. TRUMP : The FBI is investigating how Hillary Clinton put the office of secretary of state up for sale in violation of federal law . TUR : A senior law enforcement official tells NBC News after an initial look , the case has not moved an inch in months . [ Cuts back to live ] Tonight a worst-case scenario is being discussed in some Republican circles , talk of a special prosecutor or impeachment if Hillary Clinton does get elected . Lester ? LESTER HOLT : Katy Tur in North Carolina tonight , thank you .
...
Vegan How To : Replacing Dairy Milk
Catching up ?
– Vegan How To : Introduction ( Why this series ? )
– Part 1 : How To Make The Transition
Part 2 : Replacing Dairy Milk
Today I 'd like to talk about one of the first changes that I made in my own personal journey – switching from cow 's milk to non-dairy milk . It was also one of the easiest changes I made thanks to a huge selection of non-dairy milks on the market . I 'm always amazed when I see the mammoth wall of non-dairy milk in my grocery store . It 's taking over ! There 's really something for everyone from almond milk to flax milk and everything in between .
And , boy , I 've tried a lot . Here is a list of the non-dairy milks I 've given a go :
Soy milk Almond milk Hemp milk Oat milk Coconut milk Rice milk Almond-coconut milk Quinoa Milk Flax milk
I 'll admit , I 'm not head over heels for all of them , but I have a few favourites that keep me more than happy .
My personal favourite non-dairy milks :
1 . Almond Milk ( Whole Foods 365 Organic )
2 . Soy Milk ( Edensoy Organic ) – for the protein
Soy milk was the first milk I tried back in 2008/2009 and while I did n't fall head over heels initially , it eventually grew on my taste buds with time . ( Actually , it was n't the first time I had soy milk ; I was allergic to cow 's milk formula when I was a baby and my mom had to put me on soy milk instead ) . Soy milk is also the only non-dairy milk ( to my knowledge ) that has a similar nutritional profile to cow 's milk . My go-to brand of soy milk , Edensoy Organic , has a whopping 12 grams of protein per 1 cup serving making it the soy milk with the highest protein content . The ingredient list is also impressive : just organic soybeans and purified water ! It 's great for smoothies when you do n't want to add protein powder , but still want a kick of protein . To be honest , the flavour of it unsweetened is n't my favourite , but when I mix it into other foods I do n't notice it as much . They also have sweetened varieties of course . No matter the brand you buy , look for organic , GMO-free soy milk whenever possible .
Here is a side-by-side comparison of Edensoy soy milk vs. 2 % cow 's milk :
Nutrition Facts
( per 8 fl oz serving ) Unsweetened Soy Milk ( Edensoy ) 2 % Cow 's milk Calories 120 cals 122 cals Total fat 6 grams 5 grams Saturated fat 1 gram 3 grams Cholesterol 0 mg 20 mg Sodium 5 mg 100 mg Potassium 460 mg 366 mg Total carbohydrate 5 grams 11.5 grams Dietary fibre 0 gram 0 gram Sugars 2 grams 12 grams Protein 12 grams 8 grams
Almond milk . I obviously have a lot of love for this non-dairy milk and it seems to be taking over the world . Almond milk is creamy , deliciously nutty , and blends well into just about anything . My brand of choice is Whole Foods 365 as it is carrageenan free . Almond milk is very low in protein , so be sure to pair it with protein rich vegan foods like hemp seed , chia seed , beans/legumes , protein powder , etc .
Note : Please see my post , Carrageenan in Our Foods for a list of dairy and non-dairy products that contain this potentially harmful ingredient .
What about calcium ?
A balanced vegan diet can actually be quite high in calcium even without a lick of dairy . My favourite example – 1 ounce of chia seeds ( about 2.5 tbsp ) has reportedly 300 mg of calcium . Other non-dairy foods high in calcium include : collard greens ( 357mg calcium ) , fortified soymilk ( 368 mg ) , black eyed peas ( 211 mg ) , firm tofu ( 204mg ) , calcium fortified OJ ( 200mg ) , blackstrap molasses ( 172mg ) , baked beans ( 154mg ) , kale ( 94mg ) , almonds ( 70mg ) [ per serving , source ] Be sure to pair calcium rich foods with vitamin C and D rich foods for the best absorption . As extra insurance , I take calcium and vitamin D supplements daily . There are also fortified non-dairy milks on the market ( I think these tend to be the refrigerated kind ? ) , so that is an option too . Be sure to read your labels !
Sweetened or unsweetened ?
When I started experimenting with non-dairy milk , I always bought the lightly sweetened option . I think this really helped with my transition . Once I got used to the change , I switched to unsweetened varieties . As I 've said many times in the past , its amazing what the taste buds can get used to with time . If you are starting out , you might want to check out the lightly sweetened varieties to help with your transition . Another option is to make the transition gradual . Having cereal ? Why not try subbing half the cow 's milk with non-dairy milk ? Or try using creamy almond milk or coconut milk in a cup of tea . There are plenty of ways to gradually ease into the taste .
When I 'm doing any savoury cooking , I always use unflavoured and unsweetened almond milk . Keep the vanilla flavoured milk for your sweet recipes and smoothies .
Ok , now I 'll pass it over to you guys !
Have you made the switch from cow 's milk to non-dairy ? Was it difficult ?
If you drink non-dairy milk , which varieties do you like the best ?
Do you prefer sweetened or unsweetened ?
Coming up , a homemade nut milk bonanza !
Let 's get social ! Follow Angela on Instagram @ ohsheglows , Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest , Snapchat , and Google+
Florida Congressman and Tea Party darling Allen West is no stranger to idiotic crap . His 22-year military career ended when he could n't resist torturing an Iraqi detainee , and once he was elected to the House , he wasted no time in establishing himself as one of this great nation 's foremost asshats . He 's a wild-eyed Bachmannesque Islamophobe who once called Congresswoman and Jezebel homegirl Debbie Wasserman Schultz `` not a lady '' and then lied about apologizing to her . So , this latest round of idiocy is n't necessarily a surprise , although it is totally gross . Apparently while he was in the Army , he wrote his wife a letter demanding she wear only two piece swimsuits and be `` ( his ) porn star . ''
Normally , a man 's R-rated letters to his wife would be none of my business , because — let 's face it — most love letters that get dirty are embarrassing , and who has n't sent a regrettable sext or sexy email or whatever in their sexual careers ? But Allen West is a particularly awful type of terrible , and so I feel slightly less bad making fun of the letter obtained by the website Gossip Extra . They did n't publish the whole thing out of some sense of decency , because apparently it got worse than the conservative Christian West telling his wife that she needed to be porny .
The congressman proceeds tells his wife he expects certain intimate acts upon his return that will be `` the standard and it is non-negotiable . '' He tells her : `` From now on , you will wear two-piece swimsuits when on vacations . '' Then : `` Angela , I need to know , are you committed to being my porn star ? `` I do not want to hear ‘ no ' or ‘ we 'll see about that . ' I want my fantasies to be with you . God has authorized you and you only as my partner for intimacy and that is what I want . '' And he signs off : `` Get ready ! ''
As they say in Minnesota , uff-da .
Here 's an Allen West quote you can use as a palate cleanser , if you need to wash your brain after reading that .
We need you to come in and lock shields , and strengthen up the men who are going to the fight for you . To let these other women know on the other side - these planned Parenthood women , the Code Pink women , and all of these women that have been neutering American men and bringing us to the point of this incredible weakness - to let them know that we are not going to have our men become subservient . That 's what we need you to do . Because if you do n't , then the debt will continue to grow…deficits will continue to grow .
Advertisement
[ Gossip Extra ]
23 Pages Posted : 28 Dec 2013 Last revised : 27 Dec 2016
Date Written : December 26 , 2013
Abstract
T. Robert Malthus is usually remembered for the “ gloomy presentiments ” of the population principle articulated in the first edition of An Essay on the Principle of Population . Less attention is given to the subsequent editions of the Essay , in which Malthus refined the principle , and evaluated it against evidence from around the world . The principle 's refinement allowed Malthus to sharpen the distinction between preventive checks that depended upon individual prudential foresight and those that requiring moral restraint . Prudential foresight allowed individuals to evaluate fertility decisions because of the constraints the individual faced . Few of us are graced with moral restraint , but societies provide institutional constraints that create a cost structure which our prudential reason uses to make what were , in Malthus ' time , decisions regarding the timing of marriage .
The refined population principle provided the basis for an empirical claim that could be tested . Where a civilization provided institutional incentives to delay marriage , prudential reasoning would become the primary means of checking population growth . Where the incentives to delay marriage were weak or did not exist , the civilization ' population would be checked primarily by the positive checks of disease , starvation , war , and disaster . Subsequent editions of the Essay provide the empirical check of this claim . In these editions , Malthus provided a comparative analysis of the variety of institutional frameworks within which human fertility decisions are made , and examines their effectiveness in delaying marriage , and hence , encouraging the operation of the prudential v. positive checks .
His comparative analysis provided a scale along which civilizations could be placed . Societies with few institutions featured early marriage , and , his empirical investigations showed , the operational primacy of the positive checks . Some societies , like Malthus ' own Great Britain , had developed some institutions which provided incentives to delay marriage , but had other institutional features which encouraged early marriage . Hence , while these societies were advancing because of the operation of the prudential checks , their populations were sometimes subject to the operation of the positive checks . The question remained whether any society could in the future achieve sufficiently advanced institutional features to control population almost exclusively via the prudential checks .
During the private livestream with Creative Director Paul Cross and Lead Audio Designer Nick Bonardi , it was confirmed that “ two songs with the same guitarist ” would not be transferring .
Considering that Seth Chapla is no longer with the team ( and working on guitar game competitor BandFuse : Rock Legends ) , it does n't feel right to include his cover of the “ Star-Spangled Banner ” and original “ Jules , ” and Chris Lee 's departure from the company as well means that “ Boss ” will not be making the transfer .
Considering those are bonus tracks and not part of the “ core ” experience , it 's safe to assume that the missing tracks will be from Eric Clapton ‘ s repertoire .
It stands to reason that “ Run Back To Your Side ” and Cream 's “ Sunshine Of Your Love ” will not be transferring to the new title .
httpvh : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=gh8tJvJQz4Y
httpvh : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=IDZqmF3zS04
Rocksmith 2014 Edition will be out with varying bundles on Tuesday , October 22nd .
There 's an article in the Washington Post on the… divergence of views and attitudes among libertarians with respect to the Civil War . Our own Steve Horwitz is quoted . There 's a news hook having to do with a Rand Paul staffer , but the topic is sufficiently evergreen that that hardly matters . See also Jason Kuznicki and Conor Friedersdorf .
In the article 's terms , I 'm of course a liberaltarian ( an ugly word I nonetheless prefer to BHL ) and a cosmotarian ( a word that amuses me , and , I think , everyone to whom it is applied . ) I 'm a longtime baiter of the people the article refers to as neo-Confederates and whom I unlovingly call Confederatistas . Indeed , I talked about this stuff in my very first post here .
Mike Riggs from Reason tweeted about the new uproar about Paul 's Confederatista staffer “ Paradox : Libertarianism is too small to afford infighting , also too small to afford people like Hunter becoming representative. ” Steve 's quoted comment is similar : ‘ “ I think it 's to our advantage to try to keep as large a tent as we can , but I think at some point you have to say , that set of ideas is not okay , ” said Steve Horwitz , an economist at St. Lawrence University . “ Where that lies on this issue is very tricky . ” '
I 'm actually not concerned about the big tent here ; these issues stand out for me in that sense . They 're matters of historical interpretation and historical-tribal affiliation more than they are pressing questions of public policy ( although you see “ not even past , ” passim ; one 's understanding of the Civil War and Reconstruction continues to matter for genuinely contemporary questions about , say , the interpretation of the 15th Amendment and the Voting Rights Act . ) There are self-identified libertarians who , for example oppose liberalizing immigration ( one of the issues that leads them to call us “ cosmotarians ” ) , and I certainly believe that human welfare , liberty , and dignity are more harmed in 2013 by immigration restrictions than they are by the Stars and Bars . So why do I get more agitated about the Civil War questions ?
Being anti-immigration in any broad way is simply , clearly incompatible with libertarianism . It 's easy , it 's straightforward . If I 'm going to write about the evils of immigration restriction , it 's not going to be aimed at the people who fail to see that ; it 's going to be aimed at people who do n't care about libertarianism as such one way or the other . It 's not an internecine fight I 'm going to pick . The libertarian restrictionsist think I 'm wrong on the issue , but I do n't see any reason to care about that ; they 're not the source of public opposition to immigration , and do n't have anything especially interesting or different to say about it .
There are fringe causes and weird ideas that get entangled with parts of the libertarian movement , too : 9/11 Trutherism , for example . In that case , unlike in the immigration case , I do think there 's a disproportion : Committed libertarians may be more likely to be Truthers than members of the general population . Again , I think they 're wrong ; again , I 'm not going to worry about it too much . The psychology and sociology of the cultic milieu plagues small movements , kind of unavoidably . If you hold a very unpopular opinion , and you come to think that you know enough to see the ways in which the establishment and official institutions and the flagship media organizations are unfair to your opinion or skew public information or otherwise stack the deck , that predisposes you to believe that it could be true in other cases , too . You think you 're a brave , unorthodox , independent mind– and it might even be true ! – and when someone approaches you with another unorthodox minority view that they say has been misrepresented or suppressed , well , you sense a like mind . You 're necessarily less disposed than other people are treating the weight of received opinion as authoritative . That 's both good and bad ; you 've ( presumably ) invested some intellectual work and effort in arriving at your own initial unorthodox view , but information and time are scarce and you 're not going to do that every time . Your new predisposition may deprive you of some of the informational advantages of conventional wisdom in areas where you are n't investing that effort . But , c'est la vie ; and there are sometimes advantages to the mindset , too . Anyway : not going to bother arguing about Trutherism . ( See also : transhumanism , about which I do n't have a clear view that it 's false the way I do with Trutherism so much as a lack of any views or interest at all . )
So : why bother with the Confederatistas ?
Unlike immigration restrictionists , Confederatistas are n't ignoring libertarian principles or classical liberal arguments altogether . They 're ( IMHO , of course– sprinkle imputed “ IMHOs ” as liberally through this post as you like , since I 'm talking about my own priorities and not about the world ) misusing them , abusing them , drawing the wrong lessons from them , prioritizing them badly . And they 're doing so in a way that runs deep in American political culture and history , not in an irrelevant fringy way .
Respecting established property ownership is important . It is less important than the principle that human beings are self-owners and not owned by others– absolutely , lexically , hierarchically less important . But it 's a genuine value . The southern antebellum slaveholding class used a language of respect for property rights ( among many other languages ) to defend their false right to own slaves ; they posed as defenders of liberty against an overreaching state that might expropriate their goods without compensation .
Limitations on the power of the central government and defenses of federalism are important . They 're , on net , instrumentally valuable toward the protection and promotion of freedom . The southern states– before , during , and long after the Civil War– hypocritically and opportunistically used those ideas to defend slavery and apartheid . ( Hypocritically : cf the Fugitive Slave Act ; Dred Scott ; the CSA Constitution ; Woodrow Wilson 's federalization of Jim Crow ; the New Deal and the FHA ; when the federal government supported white dominance , their federalist principles always vanished . ) They did so for so long and so successfully that “ federalism= state 's rights=the untrammeled power of local white majorities over local black minorities ” became a very ready shorthand in American political life . And even a good-faith federalist classical liberal who understood slavery to be wrong , Lord Acton , could be taken in , believing the south 's pretense of federalism and respect for property and prioritizing those values over the wrong of slavery .
Freedom of private association is important . As southern apartheid finally came under belated assault by the federal judiciary and Congress , it became a veil to get thrown over Jim Crow institutions that had been created and upheld by affirmative state power as well as by officially sanctioned terrorist violence for decades . “ The 14th Amendment prohibits racial discrimination in public schools ? Oh , look , no public schools around here any more ; we just switched to a system of private academies in the same buildings and employing the same teachers and receiving the same taxpayer funding… ” By the end , breaking the apartheid system required overriding the normal freedom of private association . The entanglement of state racial power and private racial power had gone on for too long and been engineered too deliberately for equality before the law to coexist with the normal extent of that freedom .
None of this means that property ownership , federalism , and freedom of association are n't real values . Some of it means that they 're means that ca n't be prioritized over the ends that they serve ; some of it means that they were falsely used to dress up the cause of racial dominance– but in a way that eventually shaped the public meaning those concepts have in American political life .
It all means that the link between those concepts and that cause is n't a fringe problem . It 's not a set of marginal cases . In my view the Confederatistas perpetuate the white southerners ' two-century-long scam of dressing up the cause of racial dominance in classical liberal clothes , perverting the goal of liberty into the project of slavery . This has been a defining fact of American political life ; it has served to discredit some of those classical liberal values and institutions , while also perpetuating a story in which the freedom of African-Americans ( postbellum as well as antebellum ) lies somehow outside the calculus of American liberty . These were n't uniquely southern problems ; they were problems in and of the American Revolution and Founding . ( Samuel Johnson on the Americans : “ How is it that we hear the loudest yelps for liberty among the drivers of negroes ? ” See also Adam Smith 's prescient analysis of the problems of herrenvolk democracy , and why monarchies were better bets than republics for the abolition of slavery . ) But they became especially and enduringly southern problems , and the rival views about how to think about the Civil War are rival views about the meaning of classical liberal/ libertarian ideas in American political life . Are those values that have been especially strongly associated with the states of the old Confederacy , making southern white pride an attractive source of energy for libertarianism today ? Or are they values that were both misused and publicly discredited by that association , and that need to be rescued from it ?
Libertarians are rightly quick to say “ that Che t-shirt you 're wearing stands for the entanglement between your socialist ideas and murderous totalitarian Communism. ” There are social democratic and democratic socialist traditions that were opposed to totalitarian Communism and continue to be so , and those who belong to those traditions are ( at their best ) thoughtful and attentive about the problem posed by that entanglement . The fact that Communism used socialist ideas does n't discredit those ideas utterly and forever ; but neither is it something to brush aside and pretend to be irrelevant , and certainly it 's not something to playfully flirt with ( coughZizekcough ) . It 's a live problem about the publicly understood meaning of socialist ideas and about their actual inner logic , and the social democratic thinkers I admire do n't shy away from that problem , and definitely do n't treat nostalgia for Stalinism as being a charming bit of egalitarian energy to draw on for support . The Confederatistas ' romanticization of apartheid and continued conflation of libertarian ideas with southern nostalgia is a live problem in a similar way , and is n't just a disagreement to paper over in search of a big tent for our little team to huddle under together . ( Your Stars & Bars t-shirt is n't any cuter than the other guy 's Che t-shirt . ) The Confederatistas think that means that people like me are picking fights with them as a signalling device to curry favor with left-liberals ; but the fact that they think so is itself a symptom of the fact that they do n't think the history of southern white racial dominance and terror is an especially important part of the history of American unfreedom . For those of us who think otherwise– or , well , at least for me , as someone who thinks otherwise– this is n't a difference that can be papered over .
Even those like Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar who have supported demonetization may join the opposition ranks sensing a larger unity . ( Reuters )
The opposition unity led by the Congress party and Trinamool Congress leader Mamata Banerjee on demonetization appears set to derail implementation of the goods and services tax ( GST ) from April 1 next year .
If West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee 's support was instrumental in passing the Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) constitutional amendment Bill in the monsoon session of Parliament even in the absence of an NDA majority in the Rajya Sabha , her opposition to the integrated indirect tax structure appears all set to derail its implementation now , thanks to the demonetisation of Rs 500-1000 notes .
Prime minister Narendra Modi and finance minister Arun Jaitley must have gathered by now that implementing GST from April 1 next year has slipped out of their hand from the West Bengal finance minister Amit Mitra 's statement that the demonetisation and the resulting turmoil has made the target unlikely . Incidentally , it was Mitra who played a big role as the chief of the empowered committee of state finance ministers on GST in cobbling a consensus of the states to support GST earlier .
Even though the opinion amongst the experts and politicians would be divided on what will be the impact of demonetisation on the GDP , depending on which side they are , considering Mitra 's credentials as an economist and also an industry spokesman in his previous avatar as the secretary general of Ficci , his argument that the likely 2 % hit makes GST untenable at this juncture , stands on a sticky wicket .
But , that is not the point , Mitra 's proposed analysis of the impact in different states of the demonetisation itself may prove him wrong – the bigger concern for PM Modi is that the opposition unity in Parliament over demonetisation impact on public life , in all probability , will get extended to opposing the passage of GST laws that are necessary for its implementation .
Even those like Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar who have supported demonetization may join the opposition ranks sensing a larger unity .
Though the government has the option of skirting the opposition by getting the GST laws passed as money Bills , but that will also not be of much help as the states , then , will ensure that they do n't get the required support from the assemblies , which is a must for the take off of the GST .
This , clearly , has almost created a dicey situation as the Centre and the states are yet to resolve the dual control issue also – whether it will be based on turnover or a percentage of assesses — after several rounds of consultations , even though the crucial rate framework has been decided .
It will not be surprising to see the states hardening their stance now in the GST council meeting on Friday and Saturday , in which the Central Goods and Services Tax , Integrated Goods and Services Tax and compensation laws have to be finalised .
While the actual gains/losses from demonetisation will take time to manifest , the GST seems to be its first casualty , which is sad , as the GST and digital payments could be a deadly combination in tackling unaccounted income .
User Photo Albums Containing this Photo ( 19 ) + Add to Album
Miscellaneous
Album created by member Eìre Album Views : 9,653
EUROAsiatic FAVs
Album created by member mishu88 Album Views : 102,658
Cool/Amazing Photos
Album created by member Kyle Album Views : 59,376 Awesome , cool , neat , amazing , interesting photos
Abominable
Album created by member Jean-Marc Frybourg Album Views : 15,268
Beyond Blue Skies
Album created by member Matthew Herman Album Views : 26,553 Albums of trains running under colorful skies
Train Passion
Album created by member Senna Forever Album Views : 32,497 With Passion for trains and special creations on rails .
Ultimate Favorites
Album created by member Nathan Herring Album Views : 6,470 The Pics that make my jaw drop
DreamTrains
Album created by member coco13cos Album Views : 1,885,916 Over 35.000 of RP 's most appreciated and beautiful photos .
Works of Art
Album created by member John Doughty Album Views : 169,837 Photographs that are `` works of art '' .
Would you believe it ?
Album created by member Jean-Marc Frybourg Album Views : 1,769,878 Now featuring 2500 unbelievable to merely surprising - or even funny - pictures
Remote , Scenic , and Spectacular
Album created by member Sean Kelly Album Views : 58,547 Photographs in off-the-beaten-path locations portraying trains surrounded by incredible scenery .
Sci-Fi
Album created by member Nathan Richters Album Views : 72,195 Some trains just have an especially futuristic look to them .
Cowls
Album created by member Nathan Richters Album Views : 111,905 An album-full of the unique descendants of the cab unit . Interested in cab units too ? Click here .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told an associate he was `` stunned '' by how President Donald Trump approached the topic of the Kremlin 's election interference during his meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday , The New York Times reported on Sunday .
Trump began the meeting by reportedly saying to Putin , `` I 'm going to get this out of the way : Did you do this ? ''
The Times added that Trump 's aides were n't entirely sure if he would broach Russia 's election hack during the meeting , `` although he was leaning towards challenging '' Putin on the subject .
The US and Russia have offered differing accounts of how the conversation played out . Tillerson told reporters Trump and Putin had a `` robust and lengthy exchange '' about it and that Putin vehemently denied Russia had disrupted the electoral process . He later said the US-Russia relationship was `` too important not to move forward '' from last year 's events . It 's unclear whether the Trump administration plans to penalize Russia for its actions . Trump tweeted Sunday morning that `` sanctions were not discussed . ''
But Tillerson 's Russian counterpart , Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , characterized the conversation differently . `` US President Trump said that he heard firm assertions from Russian President Putin that it is not true and that Russian authorities have not meddled in the elections , '' Lavrov told reporters at the G20 summit . Trump `` said that he accepts these assertions - that 's it , '' Lavrov continued .
Putin also said during a press conference on Saturday that Trump `` agreed '' Russia did n't hack the US election . `` He asked many questions on the subject , I tried to answer them all , '' Putin said . `` It seems to me that he has taken note of that and agreed , but it 's better to ask him about his attitude . ''
`` It seemed to me that he was satisfied with the answers , '' the Russian president added .
Trump has not yet held a press conference to address the topic , and he did not publicly speak on it until Sunday morning , when he fired off a series of tweets .
NOW WATCH : Trump tells a female reporter she has a 'nice smile ' while on the phone to the Irish PM Please enable Javascript to watch this video
`` I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election . He vehemently denied it . I 've already given my opinion , '' Trump wrote . `` Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia ! ''
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
This is the hot mill at Tata Steel 's Port Talbot works as you 've never seen it before .
Steelworker Scott Horwood , from Burry Port , has used his expert knowledge of the giant steel hot mill to reconstruct a fully working mill replica in Lego .
Scott started work with Tata Steel in 2005 as an apprentice .
He then progressed to be a hydraulic fitter and a mechanical inspector before taking up his current role in the mill in 2012 .
Currently preparing for the summer stop , Scott took some time out to show his colleagues the replica hot mill he has built and how it rolls and coils strips of card instead of white hot steel .
Built using a mixture of old blocks and new parts of Lego , Scott re-fashioned different parts to make each section of the mill , including the loopers .
He said : `` I started the project last July with one stand , then I built another and before long I had the full seven stands and the coiler . I have built part of the roughing mill , but because of the parts it needs to work it is n't to scale . I am not going to give up – that is my next project . ''
Scott said he did n't appreciate Lego when he was a child , and it certainly did n't influence his career choice .
`` I was n't sure what I wanted to be when I was younger . Like most children I played with Lego when I was growing up but when I was thinking about careers and what I would study I wanted to either work in catering or be an engineer .
' I got back into Lego when I saw a kit in the Lego shop in Cardiff about six years ago . It was a container carrier that was part of Lego city . I bought it and then was hooked .
`` The hot mill is the first 'my own creation ' I have completed . I know the hot mill very well and have changed lots of parts , including spindles , the looper tables , looper rolls and mill furniture in my role as mechanical engineer .
( Image : Matthew Horwood )
`` It has taken countless hours to build and I am pleased that I was able to make something that I am proud to work on as an engineer both in and out of work . ''
Glynn Williams , production specialist in the Hot Mill , added : `` Scott is an excellent engineer and he has combined his passion for building things with his hobby .
`` His understanding of how the hot mill works is first class , which is evident in the replica he has built . It has quickly become a talking point within the hot mill team . ''
Adam Caplan and Herm Edwards break down what kind of message the Bills are sending by cutting Karlos Williams in late August . ( 1:49 )
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. -- Former Buffalo Bills running back Karlos Williams , looking for a job , was so encouraged by his visit with the New York Jets this week that he decided to tell the world about it .
He posted a video , presumably on a friend 's Twitter account , in which he detailed his two-day visit with the Jets , Tuesday and Wednesday . Williams did n't mention names , but he said he met with the general manager , personnel director , head of security and owner . He must have been mistaken because he did n't meet owner Woody Johnson , who was n't in the building at the time of the visit . But he did , in fact , meet with the others .
`` Talked good vibes , '' Williams said on the video . `` Asked me a lot of combine [ type ] questions , obviously . Want to know my background and my people . No offer yet , but it was a good visit . ''
It 's unusual for a player to be so public with this sort of thing , but he 's obviously trying to promote himself . Williams needs to brush up on his geography , though .
`` I love the city of Jersey , '' he said . `` I love New York , love being close to the city . I 'd like to fly with the Jets , baby . ''
With that , Williams extended his arms and made like a jet plane .
The Jets ' interest is only preliminary at this point , so no deal is imminent . As a rookie for the Bills last season , Williams rushed for 517 yards and seven touchdowns . He also scored two receiving touchdowns . He landed in Bills coach Rex Ryan 's doghouse by reporting to camp out of shape and he was waived last Saturday .
Jets coach Todd Bowles was n't among those who met with Williams , but he said the visit went well .
`` Obviously , he had issues in the past , '' Bowles said . `` [ The scouts ] did their due diligence to work him out , and that 's all they were trying to do . ''
US postal workers demonstrate outside a Staples store in Los Angeles , California , April 24 , 2014 . Postal workers in 27 states protested against a partnership between the US Postal Service and office supply company Staples Inc. to run postal counters at its retail stores . AFP PHOTO / ROBYN BECK ( Photo credit should read ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images )
Staples wo n't be replacing the post office anytime soon thanks to what some are calling a rare victory for unions -- and what one Staples executive claims is a win for the company and its customers
The office supply chain and the U.S . Postal Service announced Monday that they 're abandoning a pilot program essentially creating mini-post offices at Staples stores , just days after the American Federation of Teachers , one of the nation 's biggest unions -- and an important demographic for back-to-school retailers -- said that it would join the American Postal Workers Union in boycotting Staples .
The 82 stores with mini-post offices will now become part of the Postal Service 's Approved Shipper Program , an initiative established in 2005 that allows customers to send mail from thousands of retail locations across the country .
Demos Parneros , Staples ' president of North American stores and online , called the new arrangement a “ win-win ” for customers and the company , declaring that shoppers do n't care much about the logistics of the program as long as they have a convenient way to send mail .
`` We pay attention clearly to what people are saying , to what people are writing , '' Parneros said in an interview Tuesday . `` We also reacted very quickly to their concerns . We 're always concerned , we always worry about everything , but we feel like we 're in a good place and we have a good resolution to go forward . ''
The company and the Postal Service have been coy about whether the boycott forced their hand , though it 's hard not to see the latest development as a victory for the unions , who viewed the mini-post offices as a way to take jobs away from them and a step toward privatizing a public service .
Yet Mark Dimondstein , president of the American Postal Workers Union , called the change `` a ruse . '' In a statement released Monday , he contended that `` living-wage Postal Service jobs '' are still being replaced with `` low-wage Staples jobs . ''
`` This attempt at trickery shows that the 'Do n't Buy Staples ' movement is having an effect , '' wrote Dimondstein , whose union has been pressuring Staples and the Postal Service for months .
The American Federation of Teachers is standing in solidarity with the postal workers union , a person close to the AFT 's campaign to boycott Staples told HuffPost .
The size of the victory aside , as The Wall Street Journal noted Monday , it comes at a time when unions are not exactly thriving . The movement has been battered recently by a major defeat in organizing workers at a Tennessee Volkswagen plant and an unfavorable Supreme Court ruling . Not to mention , membership rates continue to decline .
This is the US 's sole answer to the European super saloons , the 2016 Cadillac CTS-V. Now lighter , stronger and more polished than ever before , the big V returns to do battle on road and track with an arsenal of new weapons.Power is now provided by the supercharged 6.2-litre V8 borrowed from the Corvette Z06 , with 10 fewer bhp than its coupe cousin at 640bhp . Weight has been pared back by 45kg over the outgoing model , giving it a 160kg head start over all its European rivals , particularly the class heavyweight , the Audi RS7.And there are stacks of cool new technology , as we 've come to expect on high-end Cadillacs and Corvettes : Performance Traction Mangement , third-generation magnetorheological dampers , a data recorder and an electronic rear diff are all present and correct.What will not be present this time around are coupe and estate versions of the big V. The coupe role is now being filled by the smaller two-door version of the ATS-V . The estate , a TG favourite , has just been axed and do n't expect to see it back in the range anytime soon . Sad.So there 's a lot riding on this single model CTS-V range . But all the omens are good . It 's got a monster engine , has lost weight , there are big brakes – although steel not carbon – and it all rides on the same Alpha platform as the smaller ATS-V , which is the leading handler in the class below . The ATS-V felt like it needed another couple of hundred horsepower , the chassis remaining so controlled and neutral right up to the limits of its V6 drivetrain . So let 's see how it gets on with the big V8 up front.The interior has been tidied up enormously from the previous gen car . It 's now of comparable quality with the European competition in terms of fit , finish and materials.And it has a few tricks like the Performance Data Recorder – a kind of hardwired GoPro – that even they ca n't match . The seats are fully configurable to embrace you like a baseball mitt , so it 's comfortable on the road and keeps you locked in position on the track.The base CTS is arguably the best-balanced car in the class , with a superbly light and deft touch to the handling and steering . So the V gets off to a great start.On the road , the fastest Cadillac you can buy is hushed and calm , with instant warp power and a smooth , level ride . The miles just vanish beneath the wheels.As befits its luxury car status , the V8 is much more muted than in the ‘ Vette , perhaps a little too much . But in performance terms , there 's no doubt whatsoever what 's driving the big V. It piles on the speed rapidly enough and bolts out of turns , so you rarely want for more.Handling is quick and wieldy with good steering precision , the active damping mopping up kerbs and bumps on track and allowing you to focus on the best possible line . On first impressions it feels more than good enough to beat the competition cleanly.But under braking , after a couple of laps of Road America , hauling the car down from 150mph+ to 70mph in places , the bi-compound Michelin Pilot Super Sport , which were so good on the ATS-V , started going off and the brake pedal began to get a bit too close for comfort to the firewall.The extra tyre movement and brake travel are what you should expect when you try and put 640bhp through the rear tyres on a track on a hot day . But we 've all become so used to – spoilt really – carbon ceramics that it was a slight surprise.You 'd never , ever encounter similar behaviour on the road unless you went utterly and illegally mad . So nothing to worry about , just to note.This new CTS-V has not just leveled its offer with the competition , it 's surpassed it in several areas . It 's lost none of the base CTS 's lightness of touch and precision and added a thick layer of performance that pushes the platform , brakes and tyres to the very edge of their capabilities.Rather than that being a problem , it 's actually part of the fun of this car – you can use every single bit of performance it has on offer . And then once you 've done that , it 's got all the comfort and four-door convenience you 'd want to cruise through everyday life.So the only thing that might stop you is the looks or the brand . The first , to our eyes , has been improved and modernised well . The second depends on why you drive a car – for yourself or other people . The socially acceptable default choice is German-made . But , if you 're honest , the best car for you now might just be an American one .
A 2013 Amazon recruiting video , first noticed by the Stranger , has gone viral . The video which shows current Amazon employees pitching Seattle as a sunny , easy-going city which is n't too weird or punk rock ( despite its grungy past ) , a place with no traffic and no homeless , that is just quirky enough to have not one , but two , circus classes . ( Also , according the Amazon workers , “ the rain is overplayed . ” )
One employee claims that “ everyone does Crossfit ” and another extols the virtues of all the outdoorsy activities . And yet another offers the tone-deaf observation that “ housing is great , it 's not very expensive , it 's very affordable. ” ( In fact , housing costs have notoriously skyrocketed . )
The video was ripe for satire . Two videos have since surfaced in response .
Local rapper Spekulation ( Matt “ Spek ” Watson ) took the video itself and overlaid it with voice-overs containing mocking responses to the original . In this version , the utopia laid out in Amazon 's video is transformed into a “ beautiful place that 's been thoroughly destroyed by corporate corruption and poor urban planning. ” Another girl says , “ I really like the neighborhoods of Seattle and how we 've been able to keep poor people segregated from the rest of us . ”
Even better , though , was Sub Pop 's all-original take , complete with gray skies , homeless people and the Seattle Freeze . The hometown record label riffs on :
The rain : “ It 's been noticeably drier and warmer every year . It 's like Mother Nature ca n't make up her mind . Women , right ? ”
The outdoorsy claims : “ Between my condo and the office , I can be outdoors — two to three times a day ”
The diversity claims : “ There are people from all walks of life — web designers , data administrators , your application developers . ”
But the best riposte ? “ Housing is plentiful and affordable . There are a ton of great places to live , ” says one Sub Pop employee , pausing , “ in Burien . ”
For more on the growth and gentrification of Seattle :
I went to PAX East 2015 last weekend ( you can check out my in-depth hands-ons of Overwatch and Soda Drinker Pro from the con ) , and I saw a lot of weird stuff . Cool , but weird stuff . Also some scary stuff — it 's a con , after all .
The booths themselves were a bit plain . Nintendo did its usual Nintendo thing with white demo kiosks , Twitch and YouTube had booths showing off games , Capcom had a glorified gift shop surrounded by Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate tents . The floor itself was n't hugely interesting . You can always find strange things at PAX , though , and you can check it all out in the gallery above .
Hot Pockets parked a truck in front of the convention center and gave away terrible-but-strangely-delicious microwave sandwiches . Cards Against Humanity had a booth made of cardboard . Soda Drinker Pro was there , which is weird enough as it is . There were cosplayers , of course , along with PAX East standards like the Steel Battalion play room . Access Games ' tiny booth had Swery himself showing off a PC demo of Dark Dreams Do n't Die with the uncertain declaration “ Coming to PC ? ” I certainly hope so , along with the game getting more episodes . There was also some modest e-celeb spotting , with Matt and Woolie from Super Best Friends Play and Pat the NES Punk .
Also : # PoopingatPAX was almost a thing . Sadly , it did n't trend on Twitter over the weekend .
As the Sanders surge continues , the Democratic presidential contest has gotten
chippy . After Clinton called Sanders `` unprepared '' to be president , Sanders responded he thought she was `` unqualified . ''
The chattering classes went off . Democrats were rending garments and ringing hands worried about the campaign getting too negative and personal . Guy Cecil , director of one of the Clinton armory of SuperPacs , played the inevitable sexist card . President Obama felt it necessary to weigh in , with his spokesman Eric Schultz saying Obama believes Clinton '' comes to the race with more experience than any non-vice president in recent campaign history . '' More experience , in other words , than anyone except Al Gore , daddy Bush and Richard Nixon .
But the kerfuffle was all nonsense . Sanders does n't think Clinton is `` unqualified , '' as he quickly acknowledged . He has repeatedly paid respect to her experience and qualifications . And the rhetorical misstatement frankly was n't all that harsh . Qualifications have n't been the centerpiece of the Sanders-Clinton race , but they were in the Clinton-Obama face-off in 2008 . They did n't differ all that much on ideology or program . Clinton 's major attack on Obama was that he was simply unqualified . Remember the ad with the ominous call at 3:00 in the morning ? And for harsh rhetoric , Sanders ' misstatement was nothing compared to Clinton 's scorning Obama in comparison to her and their putative Republican opponent , John McCain . Senator McCain , she said , `` will put forth his lifetime of experience . I will put forth my lifetime of experience . Senator Obama will put forth a speech he made in 2002 . '' Ouch .
Sanders ' critique of Clinton is n't that she is unqualified or inexperienced . It is far tougher and more substantive . His campaign is premised on the belief that she is too compromised and conservative to be the president we need . It is n't about character or experience ; it is about direction , program and independence .
Sanders argues that our economy is rigged to favor the few , and our politics is corrupted by the big money , special interests and revolving door appointments that keep fixing the game . He argues we need fundamental change , not simply piecemeal or incremental reform if we are to make this economy work for working people once more .
Sanders is running because he believes that Clinton is too compromised in her agenda . He has defined major substantive areas of disagreement : on corporate trade policies , on the need for major public investment and a sweeping initiative to take on global warming , on national health care , on breaking up the big banks and curbing Wall Street , on progressive taxation that will pay for tuition free public college , on $ 15.00 an hour minimum wage and empowering workers to organize , on dialing down our interventionist foreign policy and more .
Clinton has moved to adopt a bolder reform position this year than in 2008 or before . She 's basically at one with President Obama 's policies . Yes , she 's come out against the president 's Transpacific Partnership deal , but everyone believes that is just campaign positioning . She claims to be tough on Wall Street , but even her Wall Street donors do n't believe her . She 's assiduously avoided embracing the Warren-Sanders reform agenda . She 's put forth a good agenda on global warming , but opposes putting a price on carbon , opposes banning fracking , and has n't made climate change a centerpiece of her campaign . She 's scorned Sanders calls for national health care or for tuition free college . She 's been a supporter of the regime change follies from Iraq , to Honduras to Libya to Syria to Ukraine .
Sanders also argues that Clinton is too compromised by the big money that is central to financing her campaign . He decided to forego any SuperPacs and to crowd source the financing of his campaign because he believes that big money compromises candidates . Clinton claims this insults her character . But everyday experience and a legion of academic studies prove that money perverts our politics , that the wealthy and the entrenched interests get their way , even when the majority are opposed . It 's nice to blame Republican obstruction , but the heart of the economic policies that are failing working people - corporate trade deals , deregulation , skewed and loophole ridden tax code , starved public investment , corporate subsidies and crony capitalist arrangements and much more - enjoy bipartisan support .
Clinton harshly attacked Obama as unqualified in 2008 . But the harsh rhetoric did n't get in the way of the party uniting in the fall . Whatever the differences inflated for the primaries , the two basically agreed on politics and policies . And , of course , both were both funded by similar deep pockets .
Sanders has been -- despite all the fretting inside the beltway -- a remarkably courtly opponent to Clinton . He has n't unleashed oppo research on the numerous Clinton scandals . He 's irate about her distorting his record - on guns , on the auto bailout , on the crime bill -- but he 's largely kept his focus on the substantive differences between them . This includes the indictment on how she funds her campaigns and her collecting millions in speaking fees from Wall Street banks and other corporate interests -- an argument central to the case he is making .
Circadian rhythms are the cyclical hormonal and physiological processes that rally the body in the morning to tackle the day 's demands and slow it down at night , allowing the body to rest and repair . This internal clock relies on light to function properly , and studies have found that people whose circadian rhythms are out of sync , like shift workers , are at greater risk for a number of ailments , including insomnia , heart disease and cancer .
“ Evolution has built this beautiful timekeeping mechanism , but the clock is not absolutely perfect and needs to be nudged every day , ” said Dr. David Berson , whose lab at Brown University studies how the eye communicates with the brain .
So-called photoreceptive cells in the retina absorb sunlight and transmit messages to a part of the brain called the suprachiasmatic nucleus ( S.C.N . ) , which governs the internal clock . The S.C.N . adjusts the body to the environment by initiating the release of the hormone melatonin in the evening and cortisol in the morning .
Melatonin is thought to have many health-promoting functions , and studies have shown that people with low melatonin secretion , a marker for a dysfunctional S.C.N. , have a higher incidence of many illnesses , including cancer , diabetes and heart disease .
It was not until 2002 that the eye 's role in synchronizing the circadian rhythm became clear . It was always believed that the well-known rods and cones , which provide conscious vision , were the eye 's only photoreceptors . But Dr. Berson 's team discovered that cells in the inner retina , called retinal ganglion cells , also had photoreceptors and that these cells communicated more directly with the brain .
These vital cells , it turns out , are especially responsive to the blue part of the light spectrum . Among other implications , that discovery has raised questions about our exposure to energy-efficient light bulbs and electronic gadgets , which largely emit blue light .
Photo
But blue light also is the part of the spectrum filtered by the eye 's aging lens . In a study published in The British Journal of Ophthalmology , Dr. Mainster and Dr. Turner estimated that by age 45 , the photoreceptors of the average adult receive just 50 percent of the light needed to fully stimulate the circadian system . By age 55 , it dips to 37 percent , and by age 75 , to a mere 17 percent .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Anything that affects the intensity of light or the wavelength can have important consequences for the synchronization of the circadian rhythm , and that can have effects on all types of physiological processes , ” Dr. Berson said .
Several studies , most in European countries , have shown that the effects are not just theoretical . One study , published in the journal Experimental Gerontology , compared how quickly exposure to bright light suppresses melatonin in women in their 20s versus in women in their 50s . The amount of blue light that significantly suppressed melatonin in the younger women had absolutely no effect on melatonin in the older women . “ What that shows us is that the same amount of light that makes a young person sit up in the morning , feel awake , have better memory retention and be in a better mood has no effect on older people , ” Dr. Turner said .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Another study , published in The Journal of Biological Rhythms , found that after exposure to blue light , younger subjects had increased alertness , decreased sleepiness and improved mood , whereas older subjects felt none of these effects .
Researchers in Sweden studied patients who had cataract surgery to remove their clouded lenses and implant clear intraocular lenses . They found that the incidence of insomnia and daytime sleepiness was significantly reduced . Another study found improved reaction time after cataract surgery .
“ We believe that it will eventually be shown that cataract surgery results in higher levels of melatonin , and those people will be less likely to have health problems like cancer and heart disease , ” Dr. Turner said .
That is why Dr. Mainster and Dr. Turner question a practice common in cataract surgery . About one-third of the intraocular lenses implanted worldwide are blue-blocking lenses , intended to reduce the risk of macular degeneration by limiting exposure to potentially damaging light .
But there is no good evidence showing that people who have cataract surgery are at greater risk of macular degeneration . And evidence of the body 's need for blue light is increasing , some experts say .
“ You can always wear sunglasses if you 're in a brilliant environment that 's uncomfortable . You can remove those sunglasses for optimal circadian function , but you ca n't take out the filters if they 're permanently implanted in your eyes , ” Dr. Mainster said .
Because of these light-filtering changes , Dr. Mainster and Dr. Turner believe that with age , people should make an effort to expose themselves to bright sunlight or bright indoor lighting when they can not get outdoors . Older adults are at particular risk , because they spend more time indoors .
“ In modern society , most of the time we live in a controlled environment under artificial lights , which are 1,000 to 10,000 times dimmer than sunlight and the wrong part of the spectrum , ” Dr. Turner said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In their own offices , Dr. Mainster and Dr. Turner have installed skylights and extra fluorescent lights to help offset the aging of their own eyes .
In March I wrote a post titled IE8 : The Bad , since then a new beta of Internet Explorer has been released . It still seems a bit dubious whether they are actually committing to standards . This could be a communication issue or actually intended . It is mostly unclear to me .
XDomainRequest : Microsoft unfortunately continues with XDomainRequest rather than making changes to XMLHttpRequest as other browsers are doing and as is being standardized by the W3C Web Apps Working Group . ( Disclaimer : I am the editor of XMLHttpRequest Level 2 . ) Some agreement was made to at least support the same protocol on the server , namely using the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header as per Access Control for Cross-Site Requests . ( Disclaimer : I am the editor of that draft too . ) However , IE8 only supports * as value for that header , not an origin , e.g . http : //annevankesteren.nl ( test ) . Sunava pointed out that was because the W3C WebApps WG was still debating the matter . Here is hoping they will fix the bug as there is agreement on that syntax .
HTML5 DOM Storage : localStorage and sessionStorage are now supported . Enumerating through them does not give the results I was expecting ( I got `` length `` and `` remainingSpace `` back as well , besides the keys ) and they still have a remainingSpace member that is not part of HTML5 . Given that anything that gives some indication of space is highly vendor specific as it depends on encoding , compression , and type of device , they should really rename it to msRemainingSpace or some such or simply drop it . IE8 also supports an event named storagecommit that is not part of HTML5 which tells you when the data has been written to an XML backend format IE8 uses . The event object for used for the storage does not expose key , oldValue , and newValue . The url member is named uri and the source member is null rather than a reference to the Window object . Ouch !
DENVER—A lacy , cloudlike pattern drifting across a Denver-area radar screen turned out to be a 110-kilometre-wide wave of butterflies , forecasters say . Paul Schlatter of the National Weather Service said he first thought flocks of birds were making the pattern he saw on the radar Tuesday , but the cloud was headed northwest with the wind , and migrating birds would be southbound in October .
A 110-kilometre-wide wave of butterflies , seen in radar images , drifting across the Denver metro area . ( The Associated Press )
He asked birdwatchers on social media what it might be , and by Wednesday had his answer : People reported seeing a loosely spaced net of painted lady butterflies drifting with the wind across the area . Schlatter said the colours on the radar image are a result of the butterflies ' shape and direction , not their own colours . Midwestern radar stations occasionally pick up butterflies , but Schlatter believes it 's a first for Denver .
Article Continued Below
An unusually large number of painted ladies , which are sometimes mistaken for monarch butterflies , has descended on Colorado 's Front Range in recent weeks , feeding on flowers and sometimes flying together in what seem like clouds . Sarah Garrett , a lepidopterist at the Butterfly Pavilion in Westminster , Colorado , said people from as far away as the Dakotas have called to report seeing the butterflies , whose population typically surges with plentiful flowers . Research on the painted ladies in North America is limited , but scientists believe they migrate to the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico in the fall . In Europe , studies using radio tracking have shown they migrate south from Europe to Africa in the fall and return in the spring . Studies also show that monarch butterflies often use wind to their advantage and glide on currents for periods of time , Garrett said .
Dear Civilities : The two public restrooms at our local theater are now trans-accessible , meaning the door placards were changed to ambiguous silhouettes that represent both male and female . But the theater often hosts school groups . At a recent teen gallery opening , mothers and grandmothers barred the doors to prevent men from entering while their daughters and granddaughters were using the two-stall facilities . I thought this was an unfortunate side effect of a trans-positive change , but I do think it 's a problem for children to use coed bathrooms alongside adults . How to find a compromise ?
— Name withheld , San Francisco
A : Here 's my advice to the worried mothers and grandmothers in this situation : Go into the restroom along with your young charges to wash your hands , fix your hair and keep an eye out . Notice I did n't say with your daughters — my advice applies to boys as well , because this is an issue of safety , not gender . But please , do n't bar access to others who also have the right to use the facilities .
Public restrooms are clearly the next LGBT battleground , with a decided emphasis on the “ T. ” After last year 's ugly , but successful , effort to repeal Houston 's equal rights ordinance ( largely because opponents claimed it would allow male predators to assault women and children ) the floodgates have opened . Several states — including Texas , Arizona , Florida and Kentucky — are now considering bills that would bar bathroom access for transgender people . Last month , after fiery debate , South Dakota passed a bill requiring students to use restrooms designated for the gender at birth — to be determined by a chromosomal test or birth certificate . The governor has until March 1 to sign or veto the bill .
This misguided — and discriminatory — battle is primarily about keeping transgender women out of women 's restrooms . Laws are positioned as measures to defend women against “ sexual predators , ” but the facts do n't support that fear . “ In the places where transgender-inclusive policies exist , there has been no increase in [ restroom ] public safety incidents , ” said Nick Adams , GLAAD 's director of programs for transgender media . He added that even when nondiscrimination protections include transgender people , it 's always illegal “ for anyone to enter a public restroom for the purpose of harassing or harming another person , or invading their privacy . ”
Let 's also remember that the overwhelming majority of sexual predators are straight men , which is why I would not want a daughter or son of mine to go unsupervised into a bathroom with adult men .
Access to safe bathroom space is such a basic need , but a recent Williams Institute study confirmed that transgender people face significant discrimination and harassment when trying to use the restroom . The study ( of transgender or gender-nonconforming individuals in the Washington area ) concluded that an astonishing 70 percent had had a negative experience in a restroom , including verbal threats , physical assault and being denied access .
Transgender people can find themselves in a no-win situation , as did the child whose experience prompted this headline : “ School suspends trans boy for using boys ' restroom — after girls complained he was using theirs . ”
In any event , it sounds as if the theater , well-intentioned though it may be , made a bad call with its signage . Making restrooms trans-inclusive does n't mean mixing genders in multi-user restrooms — and that is not the kind of equal access transgender rights advocates seek .
“ Having single-occupancy bathrooms be available to everyone helps not only transgender people , but also parents with small children , or people providing medical assistance to an elderly parent or someone who is disabled , ” Adams said .
In the meantime , we all need to take a deep breath , avoid “ bathroom panic ” — and let people pee in peace .
Update : Late Tuesday , South Dakota Gov . Dennis Daugaard ( R ) vetoed the first anti-transgender bathroom bill to pass a state legislature .
Is “ straight ” an offensive term ?
Dear Civilities : I 've read some comments by people who say they are offended by the term straight , yet the GLAAD ally handbook uses the term frequently . Should n't all of us , gay or not , be able to define ourselves and decide what we should be called ? I do n't want to be called cisgender , if anyone cares . — Anonymous
A : Okay , I 'll be sure not to refer to you as cisgender , but I do want to make sure you understand that it 's not a synonym for straight . Transgender and cisgender refer to gender identity ( male , female or somewhere in between ) , not sexual orientation ( straight , gay , lesbian , bisexual or transsexual ) . In other words , you can be straight and transgender ( like Chaz Bono ) or straight and cisgender ( like Cher ) .
As for whether the term “ straight ” is offensive , even my trusty Urban Dictionary , the master tome of snark , has nothing snide to say about it . Its definition : “ heterosexual . ”
Join Petrow for an online chat Tuesday , March 8 at 1 p.m. , at live.washingtonpost.com . Email questions to stevenpetrow @ earthlink.net . Follow him on Twitter : @ stevenpetrow .
Uralvagonzavod , the Russian machine-building plant best known for its production of tanks and armored fighting vehicles , including the T-90 MBT and the Armata Universal Combat Platform , is preparing to launch a brand-new project : military tourism , a press release on the company 's website revealed Monday .
Guests , the press release says , will be able to visit the territory of the plant , which is ordinarily closed to the general public , allowing them to get acquainted with the military hardware produced by Uralvagonzavod and the history of the plant itself .
Visitors to the plant , located in the city of Nizhny Tagil , in the Ural Mountains , will be able to see the workshops in which the legendary T-34 tank was produced , Lenta.ru explains .
The tour will also include a visit to the Museum of Armored Vehicles , which features more than a thousand exhibits , from the T-34 to the T-90 , as well as samples of armor , shells , and other individual components of the plant 's production , plus rare books , other literature and paintings . Visitors , the press release says , will be able to get a look at some of the vehicles on display both inside and out .
The final stage of the tour will feature a demonstration of the T-90 main battle tank on the move , along with a master class from the vehicle 's commander . Moreover , program organizers promise a working lunch in the plant 's workers ' canteen , plus a soldier 's lunch of porridge out in the field .
© AFP 2018 / Sam PANTHAKY Has Russia 's T-90 Tank Really Made TOW Missiles Obsolete in Syria ?
The 'Voyentur ' ( 'Military Tour ' ) program is scheduled to begin operations later this year , the company promises .
Uralvagonzavod is one of the largest scientific and industrial complexes in Russia , and one of the largest producers of main battle tanks in the world . The company also produces railroad cars and road construction equipment . Built between 1931-1936 , the plant began its operations producing railway cars in the run up to the Second World War . Following the Nazi invasion in 1941 , the Kharkiv Locomotive Factory , then the country 's largest tank manufacturer , was evacuated to Nizhny Tagil and merged with Uralvagonzavod , which would become the Soviet Union 's largest tank producer .
In the postwar period , in addition to railway cars and tanks , the company also produced equipment for the aerospace industry , agriculture , and construction . During the Cold War , the plant developed and produced tanks including the T-54 , the T-55 , the T-62 , the T-72 and the T-90 .
In the early 2000s , the T-90 became the bestselling main battle tank in the world . Last year , on May 9 , 2015 , at the 70th anniversary of victory in the Great Patriotic War , Russia displayed the plant 's brand new Armata universal combat platform , the basis for the T-14 Armata main battle tank , the T-15 Armata heavy infantry fighting vehicle , the 2S35 Koalitsiya-SV self-propelled gun , and several other designs built on the same platform .
FatCamera via Getty Images
There was once a time when deciding not to have children automatically made you a social pariah . And even as an increasing number of people are choosing not to become parents , the social bias against childfree adults persists .
Birth rates among 20-something women have declined steeply as millennials delay marriage and having kids in order to focus on things like education , career , personal growth and financial stability . Many others are n't having children at all , and the number of women who have chosen to forgo motherhood altogether has doubled since 1970 .
Yet many people still consider the decision to forgo parenthood as not only abnormal and surprising , but also morally wrong , suggests new research from Indiana University-Purdue University .
The findings , published in the March issue of Sex Roles : A Journal of Research , show that most people view parenthood as a moral imperative for men and women .
For the study , 204 psychology students at a Midwestern university read a short passage about a married adult and then rated their feelings toward the person and their perception of the person 's level of psychological fulfillment . The only details in the passages that changed were the character 's gender and whether they had chosen to have kids .
Childfree men and women were consistently viewed as being less personally fulfilled than those who had two children . This is likely due to the fact that the participants reported significantly greater feelings of moral outrage ― including anger , disgust and disapproval ― toward the voluntarily childless people .
Perceiving the childfree people as less fulfilled acts as a way of “ punishing ” them for violating what 's often considered to be both a social norm and a moral imperative , according to study author Dr. Leslie Ashburn-Nardo .
Parenthood is a cultural norm ― and as with other norms , violations are not looked upon kindly . Research has shown that people who diverge from social role expectations often face backlash from other members of society for defying the unwritten social contract .
“ People who violate social role expectations based on widely shared cultural stereotypes are subject to perceivers ' backlash. ” - Dr. Leslie Ashburn-Nardo
“ Through parents and peers , people learn that parenthood is both typical and expected , ” Ashburn-Nardo wrote . “ People who violate social role expectations based on widely shared cultural stereotypes are subject to perceivers ' backlash , such as social and economic sanctions and sabotage . This backlash is justified in the minds of perceivers because the targets are thought to have brought it upon themselves by not fulfilling their expected roles . ”
Of course , the fact that childless women are widely discriminated against should n't come as news to anyone . Childlessness has been described as the “ final female taboo , ” and women who choose not to become mothers are often considered selfish or career-obsessed . Women are still expected to conform to gender stereotypes and are criticized and punished when they do n't .
This enduring bias carries real repercussions . A 2011 study found that women without children suffer from poorer health , likely thanks to the enduring social stigma against childlessness . Childless people are also discriminated against in the workplace , being subject to less schedule flexibility and fewer tax breaks compared to their co-workers who are parents .
“ Other research has linked moral outrage to discrimination and interpersonal mistreatment , ” Ashburn-Nardo said in a statement . “ It 's possible that , to the extent they evoke moral outrage , voluntarily child-free people suffer similar consequences . ... Exploring such outcomes for this demographic is the next step in my research . ”
Story highlights Calls come after eventful week in Asian politics
North Korea looming large over relations among Asian powers
( CNN ) US President Donald Trump will make back-to-back phone calls to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Chinese President Xi Jinping on Sunday , the White House announced Saturday night .
Trump and Abe will speak at 8 p.m . ET . Trump 's call with Xi will come 45 minutes later , according to a White House statement .
No information was provided as to what subjects the calls would cover , but they come after an eventful week in East Asia politics .
On Friday , Trump met in Washington with South Korean President Moon Jae-in and speaking alongside Moon at the White House declared that US patience with the North Korean regime `` is over . ''
JUST WATCHED Trump warns North Korea : US patience is over Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump warns North Korea : US patience is over 02:29
The remarks were the latest sign that Trump is growing increasingly frustrated with the lack of progress in curbing North Korea 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs .
Read More
As Johnny Depp said to Al Pacino in Donnie Brasco : “ 'it 's a fugazi … a fake ” , so too this week New York State is sending so-called tax rebate checks in the amount of $ 350 to NY families with adjusted gross incomes between $ 40,000 and $ 300,000 who had at least one child under age 17 during the 2012 tax year . New York City residents in that tax bracket see more than 40 % of their hard-earned money taken by the government . To return $ 350 and call it a rebate is simply fugazi .
Every check is imprinted with the message : “ Dear Taxpayer : Last year 's State Budget included this Family Tax Relief Credit . This tax relief is part of New York State 's new efforts to reduce taxes. ” These “ efforts to reduce taxes ” are conveniently arriving just a few weeks before voters go to the election box to elect the Governor and state legislature . The psychological effects of opening one 's mailbox and seeing a check is probably the justification for the State of New York decision to spend 40.6 cents to mail each check rather than direct deposit ( as regular refunds are given . ) .
While the sum total of the rebates will exceed $ 400 million paid out by the state this year to individuals , the reality is that these New York State checks are a deception . New Yorkers pay absurdly high taxes . For three years in a row during Andrew Cuomo 's reign as governor , New York has ranked dead last among the 50 states in the Tax Foundation 's annual report ; it also has the single worst business tax climate .
Just this week , a new Tax Foundation study found that in New York City , some customers on family-share mobile phone plans pay more than 25 % of their monthly bill in various taxes . New York ranked as one of the states which taxed users the highest on their mobile bills . That , along with the fact that New York has a high individual income tax , high property taxes and the 2014 State Business Tax Climate Index placed New York 50th ( out of 50 States ) as a result of the combined high income , corporate , sales , and property taxes .
President Ronald Reagan said it best : “ The nine most terrifying words in the English language are : ‘ I 'm from the government and I 'm here to help . ' ” The $ 350 tax refund checks being mailed out are a ruse designed to prevent people from realizing that New York is an increasingly difficult place in which to live and prosper .
A real adjustment of taxes and the commitment to maintain lower taxes would be more useful and helpful . To most people , these checks will be viewed as they should be : an insult to New Yorkers ' intelligence .
The former director of the Central Intelligence Agency and the National Security Agency said Friday that the military would have to disobey Donald Trump if he followed through on certain campaign promises as president .
ADVERTISEMENT
Referring to Trump 's suggestion to torture suspected terrorists and kill their families , Gen. Michael Hayden told TV host Bill Maher , “ If he were to order that once in government , the American armed forces would refuse to act . ”
“ You 're required not to follow an unlawful order . That would be in violation of all the international laws of armed conflict , '' Hayden said . “ I would be incredibly concerned if a President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE governed in a way that was consistent with the language candidate Trump expressed during the campaign . ”
Trump frequently refers to his defense of waterboarding in campaign speeches .
`` I would bring back waterboarding and I 'd bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding , ” Trump said at a GOP debate . He has accused his competitors with being too `` politically correct '' on the issue of interrogation techniques .
Miami-Dade Corrections Bartolo Gelsomino , 78
An elderly Miami man faces a second-degree murder charge after he grabbed a knife from a kitchen drawer and stabbed his wife to death after she would n't cook him a hamburger , authorities said .
Bartolo Gelsomino , 78 , was arrested on Jan. 21 , was being held without bond Monday night , according to online jail records .
Police said he stabbed his 71-year-old wife Ana Gelsomino after the dispute , The Miami Herald reported .
Read original story on NBCMiami.com
The couple 's daughter found her mother 's body in the home at 10700 Southwest 146th Court , police said .
The Herald reported that he made it seem as if the home had been burglarized , so as to cover up the murder .
After his arrest , he confessed and detailed what had happened , the arrest report said . He then showed investigators where he had put the murder weapon and the clothes he was wearing , police said .
It was n't immediately known if he had an attorney .
With its eye-catching organic form , the NESTREST hanging lounger by Daniel Pouzet and Fred Frety has already established itself as an icon of contemporary design . But its real appeal lies in the supreme comfort and cocoon-like feeling of protection it affords . A suspended sanctuary , rocking to and fro with the breeze , NESTREST is that special , secluded place you 've always dreamed of .
Pouzet , a longtime collaborator of DEDON design partner Jean-Marie Massaud , took inspiration from shapes , textures and colors found in nature , in particular the sophisticated design of certain bird nests he encountered in Central America . Built around an aluminum tube frame , NESTREST weighs a mere 100kg . Its specially developed DEDON Fiber , four centimeters wide , guarantees a sturdy weave that 's open , breathable and private , allowing those within to look out while preventing outsiders from seeing in .
NESTREST comes with a comfy circular mattress and a luxurious array of smaller cushions . Hang it from a tree or other support by means of its ingenious system of ropes , or choose the free-standing version for easy placement anywhere . Either way , NESTREST creates what Pouzet describes as a “ secret hiding place ” fit for a modern-day garden : “ An experience of nature and friendship and a perfect expression of DEDON 's open-air lifestyle . ”
Two French organizations devoted to fighting anti-Semitism clashed publicly over one group 's complaint to police on incitement against a mayor who launched a campaign in support of a Palestinian convicted of murder .
France 's Human Rights League , a nonprofit founded in 1898 to protest the racially motivated conviction for espionage of the French Jewish army captain Alfred Dreyfus , criticized the National Bureau for Vigilance Against Anti-Semitism , or BNVCA , in a statement last week .
The league 's statement said BNVCA behaved like “ a spokesperson of the Israeli government ” when it filed the complaint against the Communist mayor of the Paris suburb of Stains , Azzédine Taïbi , for his refusal to remove from city hall a banner calling for the release of Marwan Barghouti , who is serving multiple life sentences in Israel for acts of terrorism in which dozens of civilians were murdered .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“ Stains is taking action for peace , free Marwan Barghouti , the Palestinian Mandela , ” the banner read .
A French judge in March instructed Taïbi to remove the banner or face sanctions , citing previous precedents including the Administrative Court of Montreuil 's injunction in July , which nullified the honorary resident status conferred on Barghouti by another Paris suburb , Aubervilliers . The court said such actions exceed the duties and responsibilities of municipal governments .
But Taïbi refused to comply , prompting BNVCA to file criminal charges against him . According to BNVCA , celebrating Palestinians who murdered Jews risks legitimizing acts of violence against Jews in France , where Islamists have killed eight Jews in two shooting attacks since 2012 . The perpetrators of both attacks said they were acting to avenge Palestinians . BNVCA vowed to continue legal efforts to counter the celebration of terrorists in France .
But the league said BNVCA 's complaint against Taïbi ” does nothing to combat anti-Semitism ” and that BNVCA “ constantly conflates any criticism of Israel and any support for its Palestinian opponents with anti-Semitism , thereby compromising the fight against anti-Semitism in favor of support for a policy which is condemned internationally . ”
Separately , BNVCA on Monday honored during its annual gala in the Paris region four laureates of its “ Tree of Life ” award for their efforts to curb anti-Semitism . The recipients were Publicis President Maurice Levy , Nazi hunters Beate and Serge Klarsfeld and the Simon Wiesenthal Center 's director for international relations , Shimon Samuels .
Worldwide Debt Default is the Only Solution
Sovereign nations , state governments , Californian cities , small businesses , homeowners , middle-class families , recent graduates and all types of other individuals and entities around the world are facing the same growing problem… DEBT . While the European Union is in the spotlight at the moment , the debt crisis is arguably worse in the United States and reaches its nasty tentacles into just about every nook and cranny of modern society .
It is sucking the life out of economies , stagnating growth , leading to central bank debt monetization , which leads to inflation and higher food prices , job cuts , furlough days , rising unemployment , harsh austerity , record small business failure , record foreclosure rates , depression , stress and an overall sense of anxiety throughout most humanity .
The only two solutions being debated for the Eurozone at present time are additional austerity measures/tax hikes or a massive new round of debt monetization and quantitative easing . But it does not take an economic expert to conclude that neither one of these courses charted above will resolve the crisis . They have confined the debate to these two options in the same manner that we are presented with the false left vs. right illusion of choice in our political elections .
It should seem obvious to anyone with a pulse that reducing government debt via inflationary policies is nothing more than theft from current holders of the currency ( savers ) or past purchasers of said debt . Intentionally devaluing the currency to pay back creditors with significantly less valuable money is really just a stealth form of default , without all the fanfare . The only real difference with this approach is that just about everyone in society suffers , rather than solely those that made the bad lending decisions .
It is another no-lose situation for the banks which get to privatize gains and socialize losses . How would you like to walk up to a blackjack table in Vegas , betting $ 10,000 per hand , keeping the money when you win and spreading the losses to the rest of the casino whenever you bust ? This is ‘ moral hazard gone wild ' and only leads to bigger bets , bigger losses and a continued attempt to stick the rest of society with the bill .
The other solution being proposed is to raise taxes while cutting spending ( austerity ) . Of course the problem with this solution is that higher taxes and aggressive austerity hurt economic growth and crush small businesses , the engine of growth for economies .
Even if you want to argue for a more progressive taxation system , the problem remains that the money is being handed to an entirely corrupt , inefficient and incompetent government . We can expect more $ 16 muffins , $ 500 toilet seats , no-bid contracts , kickbacks , political favors and general misallocation of capital ( hello corn-based ethanol or Solyndra ) . Not only this , but increasing the tax burden on businesses will lead even more companies to move their operations overseas , thus exasperating the unemployment problem and losing even more in tax revenues .
Cutting spending seems logical enough , but rest assured it will be cut in all of the wrong places for all of the wrong reasons . And even if spending were to be cut to the bone , the government would still be unable to balance their bloated budget , largely due to rising interest on existing debt and military spending that is larger than the next 10 nations combined , yet somehow sacrosanct .
I found it fascinating that Richard Duncan , author of “ The New Depression , ” was able to accurately diagnose the problem with our economic system and the potential severity of the crash , yet concluded that the solution was even more money printing , borrowing and government stimulus ? ! ? Oy vey !
Some people argue that the crux of our problem is that debt , at its core , is mathematically impossible to repay . This is because all money is created out of debt and there is interest attached to all of that debt . Yet the additional cash required to pay back the interest on the debt DOES NOT EXIST in the system . At any given point , there is always going to be more debt owed back than there is money in existence .
If I lend you $ 100,000 and ask you to pay me back $ 120,000 over the next five years , you might be able to find that extra $ 20,000 to pay me back if you are industrious or clever enough . However , that additional $ 20,000 that you acquired in the market was also created out of debt and is owed back to someone with interest . Thus , all debt can never be repaid . For more on this concept , see here , here , here or here .
It is a good gig for the banks with the privilege of being able to create money out of thin air and lend it out at interest . With the certainty of defaults , the banks then move in to seize assets , resources , cheap labor , political influence or anything else they wish . This has been occurring since 1913 and is only now reaching a boiling point , as the money lenders are taking over the power of sovereign nations . It is a form of slavery , though cleverly hidden so as to prevent any widespread realization or revolt .
Conclusions
1 ) Raising taxes will not solve the problem . We could raise the tax rate to 100 % and the government would still not be able to get out of debt .
2 ) Cutting spending ( austerity ) will not solve the problem . We could cut every non-essential government service and the government would still not be able to get out of debt .
3 ) Inflating away the debt will not solve the problem in the long term . It will only kick the can down the road , exasperating the final crisis and making everyone pay for the poor decisions of a small group of lenders .
Solutions
So then , what is the solution to the debt crisis in Europe , the U.S. and around the globe ?
The immediate default on all fiat debt . An old-fashioned debt jubilee of sorts .
I know this may seem like a radical proposal , but I believe it is the best option we have as a society and that there exists both a sound economic and moral argument for this course of action .
If we agree that the debt can never be repaid , which is a position held across the ideological spectrum by everyone from Ron Paul to Paul Krugman to the Zeitgeist Movement , then let 's get on with the default and start anew . The sooner that the debt liquidation occurs , the sooner that we are able to transition to a new , more sound and more sustainable monetary system . The longer this inevitable outcome is delayed , the longer we languish in this mode of low growth , high unemployment and extreme wealth disparity .
I wo n't pretend that the transition is going to be swift or painless , but the vast majority of humanity stands to benefit from the default happening sooner rather than later . Only the banking power elite , politicians they support and those feeding at the trough have any interest in sustaining the current corrupt and inequitable system any longer .
If we want to end the sovereign debt crisis that is rapidly engulfing the planet , we need a worldwide strategic default on all fiat debt . This can be followed by the implementation of a new system , whether it be a debt-free monetary system or shift to something entirely different such as a resource-based economy .
While there are surely going to be serious challenges and unintended consequences , let 's focus on some of the benefits that may come from the cancellation of fiat debt…
Removing the suffocating debt burden would free up both sovereign nations and individuals to once again enjoy the fruits of their labor . That giant sucking sound of the non-productive money changers stealing from the rest of society would fizzle out and go silent .
The largest part of the national debt ( over 40 % ) that is owed to the Federal Reserve would be immediately canceled , along with this privately-owned , immoral , parasitical and unconstitutional organization .
The next big piece of the pie is the debt owed to foreign nations such as China and Japan . These countries would also take a loss , a risk they assumed when investing in the debt of a bankrupt government . They will survive the hit , as they have already begun diversifying reserves into non-dollar assets .
Mortgages and bank-owned student debt would be canceled and the too-big-to-fail banks would go out of business . Excuse me if I fail to shed a tear . This would free up a considerable amount of discretionary spending for the citizenry , who would no longer have bloated monthly payments , excessive interest rates and “ fiduciaries ” working the opposite side of the trade .
With the canceling of debt , government funds would no longer be necessary to pay the interest on the debt , thus allowing for a significant reduction in tax rates . This would also result in more discretionary spending money in the pockets of the citizens and a friendlier environment for small businesses . These small businesses would then have more customers with more spending power , resulting in more job creation and economic growth .
The size and scope of government could be downsized drastically , as deficit spending would be eliminated and budgets would need to be balanced . The money owed to individuals ( up to a certain point ) via pension and mutual funds invested in Treasuries , would be compensated via such tax reductions .
The moral argument to the cancellation of debt is the other side of the equation . Given the fact that the debt was not created in good faith and that the banks well understand that their system was unsustainable , I see moral grounds for such action . A legal argument can also be made that most bank loan contracts are invalid , as the banks offered up no consideration . They merely made a few keystrokes into a computer and created the loan out of thin air , not from existing reserves or deposits . The upside to banks going out of business is that much of the intellectual capital of the nation could then be re-deployed to engineering , science and solving real-world technical problems , rather than figuring out how to steal money from unwitting pension funds .
So , the world 's citizens protesting in the streets are right to reject tax increases , austerity or bailouts as legitimate and viable solutions to the debt crisis . We are being asked to pay for the mistakes of others and hand over sovereignty to the international banks , the richest individuals in the world .
Dismiss the puppets and paid pundits on television encouraging such solutions and casting blame at the feet of the citizens . There has been an intentional effort to trap and ensnare as much of the world as possible in this black hole of a endless debt . Likewise , more debt is not the solution to the problem of too much debt . It is amazing that these words even have to be written , but when the public is fed the same line over and over about needing more money printing , it starts to become believable .
Of course , the NY Times and other establishment media will warn of the devastating effects of such a debt jubilee . But they are only serving their owners , who clearly stand to benefit from the continuation of the status quo .
The brilliance behind this proposed debt cancellation is that it strategically allocates losses to those that created the mess , have grown rich from it and can most handle the hit , while protecting and indeed returning wealth to the rest of society that has suffered under this unfair system of fiat money and crony capitalism . Justice ?
This solution would , in essence , hand back Trillions in bailout money , tax breaks and other economic benefits that the banks have enjoyed at the expense of the taxpayers . We 've already seen the impact of handing bailout money to the banks . I think it is safe to assume that the money would have a higher velocity and greater impact on economic activity if instead given to those that would actually spend it , rather than hoard it . With respect to the late President , we are still waiting for that great rain to come trickling down .
If we want to get serious about tackling the debt issue , the key driver in all of our economic problems , we have to move the debate beyond the narrow confines of tax increases , austerity and central bank liquidity injections . The only lasting solution is to cancel the debt now , deal with the ramifications and shift to a debt-free , non-fiat , non-fractional reserve monetary system with sound money or some reference to real-world assets .
The few who understand the system , will either be so interested in its profits , or so dependent on its favours that there will be no opposition from that class , while on the other hand , the great body of the people mentally incapable of comprehending the tremendous advantage that capital derives from the system , will bear its burdens without complaint , and perhaps without even suspecting that the system is inimical to their interests . – John Sherman…a protégée of the Rothschild family
By Jason Hamlin
http : //www.goldstockbull.com/
Jason Hamlin is the founder of Gold Stock Bull and publishes a monthly contrarian newsletter that contains in-depth research into the markets with a focus on finding undervalued gold and silver mining companies . The Premium Membership includes the newsletter , real-time access to the model portfolio and email trade alerts whenever Jason is buying or selling . You can try it for just $ 35/month by clicking here .
Copyright © 2012 Gold Stock Bull - All Rights Reserved
All ideas , opinions , and/or forecasts , expressed or implied herein , are for informational purposes only and should not be construed as a recommendation to invest , trade , and/or speculate in the markets . Any investments , trades , and/or speculations made in light of the ideas , opinions , and/or forecasts , expressed or implied herein , are committed at your own risk , financial or otherwise . The information on this site has been prepared without regard to any particular investor 's investment objectives , financial situation , and needs . Accordingly , investors should not act on any information on this site without obtaining specific advice from their financial advisor . Past performance is no guarantee of future results .
© 2005-2019 http : //www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
President Vladimir Putin has rejected his links to offshore accounts uncovered in the Panama Papers and called the leaks part of Western efforts to weaken Russia .
Speaking in St Petersburg , the President said even though his name did not figure in any of the documents leaked , Western media published the claims of his involvement in offshore businesses .
He went on to describe the allegations as part of a US-led disinformation campaign waged against Russia to weaken its government .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view . From 15p €0.18 $ 0.18 $ 0.27 a day , more exclusives , analysis and extras .
Shape Created with Sketch . World leaders linked to 'Panama Papers ' Show all 15 left Created with Sketch . right Created with Sketch . Shape Created with Sketch . World leaders linked to 'Panama Papers ' 1/15 Petro Poroshenko President of Ukraine 2/15 Ayad Allawi Allawi Iraq 's Vice-President between 2014 and 2015 , and the country 's interim prime minister from 2004 to 2005 3/15 Salman bin Abdulaziz bin Abdulrahman Al Saud King of Saudi Arabia 4/15 Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan President of the United Arab Emirates , Emir of Abu Dhabi 5/15 Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson Prime Minister of Iceland 6/15 Sergey Roldugin Close friend of Vladimir Putin 7/15 Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani Emir of Qatar 1995-2013 8/15 Li Xiaolin Daughter of Li Peng , the former Premier of China ( The current vice-president of state-owned power company China Datang Gorporation and former CEO of China Power International Development , she has been nicknamed China 's “ Power Queen ” 9/15 Rami Makhlouf Cousin of Bashar Assad , the President of Syria 10/15 Hafez Makhlouf Cousin of Bashar Assad , the President of Syria 11/15 Clive Khulubuse Zuma Nephew of Jacob Zuma , President of South Africa 12/15 Maryam Nawaz Sharif Safdar Daughter of Nawaz Sharif , prime minister of Pakistan 13/15 Hasan Nawaz Sharif Son of Nawaz Sharif , prime minister of Pakistan 14/15 Hussain Nawaz Sharif Son of Nawaz Sharif , prime minister of Pakistan 15/15 Alaa Mubarak The eldest son of ousted former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak Read more here 1/15 Petro Poroshenko President of Ukraine 2/15 Ayad Allawi Allawi Iraq 's Vice-President between 2014 and 2015 , and the country 's interim prime minister from 2004 to 2005 3/15 Salman bin Abdulaziz bin Abdulrahman Al Saud King of Saudi Arabia 4/15 Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan President of the United Arab Emirates , Emir of Abu Dhabi 5/15 Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson Prime Minister of Iceland 6/15 Sergey Roldugin Close friend of Vladimir Putin 7/15 Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani Emir of Qatar 1995-2013 8/15 Li Xiaolin Daughter of Li Peng , the former Premier of China ( The current vice-president of state-owned power company China Datang Gorporation and former CEO of China Power International Development , she has been nicknamed China 's “ Power Queen ” 9/15 Rami Makhlouf Cousin of Bashar Assad , the President of Syria 10/15 Hafez Makhlouf Cousin of Bashar Assad , the President of Syria 11/15 Clive Khulubuse Zuma Nephew of Jacob Zuma , President of South Africa 12/15 Maryam Nawaz Sharif Safdar Daughter of Nawaz Sharif , prime minister of Pakistan 13/15 Hasan Nawaz Sharif Son of Nawaz Sharif , prime minister of Pakistan 14/15 Hussain Nawaz Sharif Son of Nawaz Sharif , prime minister of Pakistan 15/15 Alaa Mubarak The eldest son of ousted former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak Read more here
Mr Putin was not named in the Panama Papers , but the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists said some of the Russian President 's closest allies are involved in offshore financial schemes .
Earlier this week , the Kremlin blamed `` Putinophobia '' for claims some of Mr Putin 's associates moved millions of dollars through offshore companies in a series of covert deals .
In his first statement on the Panama Papers , Mr Putin said one of his closest friends , cellist Sergei Roldugin , had done nothing wrong . Mr Roldugin was revealed as the owner £1.42 billion in offshore assets .
Over 11.5 million files were leaked from the Panama-based law firm Mossack Fonseca . The documents contain information on 215,000 offshore entities , connected to individuals in more than 200 countries and territories .
The leaks caused the Prime Minister of Iceland to step aside for `` an unspecified amount of time '' after it was revealed he and his wife had bought an offshore firm in the British Virgin Islands .
Additional reporting by agencies
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view .
At The Independent , no one tells us what to write . That 's why , in an era of political lies and Brexit bias , more readers are turning to an independent source . Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives , events and ebooks – all with no ads .
Subscribe now
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) — The U.S. may have regained all the jobs destroyed by the Great Recession , but the new jobs that replaced the old ones are n't any better — and that helps explain why the five-year recovery has seemed so anemic thus far .
The economy employed 138.46 million Americans in May , according to the Labor Department 's so-called establishment survey issued on Friday ( Another government survey says we are not quite there yet ) .
The prior peak was 138.37 million , set in January 2008 , just as the 2007-2009 recession was getting underway .
A close look at the employment numbers , however , shows the composition of the labor market is markedly different compared to early 2008 . And it appears the economy has replaced a sizable number of good-paying jobs with ones that offer less than the average wage , now $ 24.38 an hour .
Take manufacturing and construction , both of which pay more than the average hourly wage . These industries represent 13 % of all U.S. jobs , down from 15.3 % in early 2008 . The economy has 1.63 million fewer manufacturing jobs and 1.47 million fewer construction jobs .
Other high-wage industries that still have not recouped all the jobs that existed in early 2008 include the financial sector ( -358,000 ) , wholesale trade ( -172,000 ) , government ( -519,000 ) and information services such as media and publishing ( -371,000 ) .
Altogether , the U.S. has 4 million fewer jobs in these well-paid sectors vs. January 2008 .
The upturn in hiring over the past few years , meanwhile , has been concentrated in areas such as health care ( 1.56 million ) , food preparation ( 959,000 ) , white-collar professional and business services ( 794,000 ) and education ( 414,000 ) .
Some of these occupations such as business services pay quite well . Yet the economy has added perhaps no more than 3 million jobs since 2010 that pay above the average hourly wage , a review of Labor Department statistics show . ( A more precise breakdown is difficult because some broad employment categories such as health care and business services include both high-paying and low-paying work . )
The mixed quality of jobs being created is partly reflected by the slow growth in hourly wages for production and nonsupervisory workers — just a cumulative 10.6 % in the 59 months since the recession ended . By contrast wages rose 15.1 % in the 59-month period following the end of the 2000-2001 downturn .
Slow wage growth is a big reason why the economy has been expanding at only two-thirds of its normal speed since the recession ended . While bosses might be getting paid more , line workers are seeing much in the way of wage growth .
Whether the U.S. economy shifts into a faster growth gear depends heavily on the direction of wages . Some economists predict wages will rise sharply in the next year as the labor market tightens . Others disagree and see the same slow pace of wage growth continuing .
A new survey by the National Federation of Independent Business points to higher wages . The trade group 's small-business optimism index rose in May to its highest level since September 2007 , shortly before the last recession began . Small-business owners said it 's more difficult to find qualified workers and they indicated they expect to pay higher compensation to attract talent .
Also on Tuesday , the Bureau of Labor Statistics said job openings in the U.S. in April jumped to the highest level since September 2007 , another sign that the labor market is tightening .
More from MarketWatch
Will wage growth accelerate ? Economists are divided
10 electric cars that get the best mileage
Consumer credit , small-business data suggest economy on the move
When I was a child , I had a collection of trolls . They were ugly little things with fuzzy tufts of hair , dubious dress sense and faces crafted into an expression of permanent irritation .
That 's how I picture the trolls I encounter in adult life : online , it helps take the harm out of them . If you 're reading , Pat Rabbitte , I 'd suggest you do the same .
The Minister for Communications is just one of a number of politicians who has spoken out in recent days about the impact on politics of relentless negative online commentary – a phenomenon the online community calls “ trolling ” .
He 's not alone : in the past week , TDs Tom Hayes , Jerry Buttimer and Mary Mitchell O'Connor and former minister of state Liz O'Donnell have all expressed concerns about the same thing . Later this month , Hayes will chair a special meeting of the Oireachtas Committee on Transport and Communications to look at this issue . “ This thing ca n't be left to go unchecked , where people can put up vile comments and get away with it , ” he said .
Mary Mitchell O'Connor suggested that “ it is impossible to quantify how many deaths have been caused or contributed to in the country by the negative elements of social media ” .
When politicians from different parties get together to declare a state of moral panic on some issue , wariness is probably a good default position for the rest of us .
I 'm not suggesting all online discourse is benign . The vast majority of my interactions are constructive and enjoyable , but in my role as a columnist here , and in my previous job as the editor of an online news site , I have also encountered the little chaps with the fuzzy hair and the wizened faces . I 've experienced crude and on one occasion , threatening remarks about my looks , my education and even my parenting skills , often in response to innocuous articles .
In response , I have approached the task of acquiring a thick skin with the kind of grim determination you might take with a marathon . Harsh though it may sound , our politicians may have no choice but to do the same . Trying to legislate for online commentary is like trying to juggle sand , and just about as useful .
The sad background to the current debate is the suicides of teenagers Ciara Pugsley and Erin Gallagher last year , and , in December , the death of minister of state Shane McEntee . Each of the three had reportedly been subject to nasty online comments in the weeks before their deaths .
Suicide is a hugely complex issue : I do n't think we should ever presume to identify a single cause , much less to invoke someone 's tragic death as an opportunity to legislate on something about which most politicians appear to have only a fleeting grasp .
Jerry Buttimer is one of the exceptions among those who have spoken out about this issue : he is active on both Twitter and Facebook . Mary Mitchell O'Connor also maintains a regular presence on Facebook . But many of the rest of the Fine Gael party follow the tone set by leader Enda Kenny , who has n't updated his Twitter account in 18 months .
Likewise , there are a handful of Labour politicians active on social media ; Pat Rabbitte is not among them .
As a result , many politicians appear to have a poor understanding of the internet , referring to “ online commentary ” as though it were a coherent and deeply suspicious entity – an approach that makes as much sense as lumping all tabloid newspapers , Morning Ireland , The Irish Times and , say , TV3 's Tallafornia together as some kind of single , malicious mouthpiece .
This air of suspicion reached fever pitch at the weekend , when Rabbitte , along with Tom Hayes , took to the media to complain about “ deplorable ” and “ offensive ” images featuring Senator Ronan Mullen , which had been posted to Twitter . One of the images featured the senator 's head on the body of a man wearing nothing but a swimsuit and a large crucifix ; the other showed his head superimposed on the body of a baby Jesus .
Silly ? Yes . Funny ? That 's debatable . Deplorable ? Probably no more so than much mainstream radio or TV satire .
People should not be free to incite hatred or to libel others at will online – but there are already laws governing that . Earlier this week , a blogger apologised on Twitter to Libertas 's Declan Ganley over tweets he had made , and made a donation to charity in what was believed to be the first legal settlement in the state involved Twitter content .
So unless our politicians are intent on outlawing satire , it 's hard to see why they think we need tighter regulation . Malicious commentary makes the internet a less pleasant place for everyone , but I do n't believe we need legislation to deal with it .
In her calls for action “ to tackle the destructive power of social media ” , Mary Mitchell O'Connor cited a YouTube video that went viral last weekend , showing an Irish schoolgirl in an angry and excitable state having a late-night argument with a guy in a pizza joint . Frankly , I thought it made a better argument for why we do n't need legislation .
Yes , the video , and some of the commentary to which the girl was subjected , were cruel , exploitative and , I 'm sure , deeply distressing for her and her family . But by the time I came across the story later that day , the YouTube video had been taken down , and most of the tweets and Facebook posts linking to it had been deleted by people who said they had no idea how young the girl was when they first posted it .
The incident showed how the online community can moderate itself . Wikipedia is a prime example of how self-moderation works – it 's not a perfect system , but it 's a pretty good one .
Sites such as Twitter , Facebook and even YouTube are not inherently benign , but they 're not inherently evil either . It 's how you use them that determines their impact .
Dumb system hobbles the 'smart economy '
In the run up to the last election , an awful lot of hot air was spouted about developing a “ smart economy ” . Barely two years on , students are availing of food vouchers while they wait for their grants to come through , due to problems with the Student Universal Support Ireland ( Susi ) , the centralised grants system .
Of the students whose applications have been approved , 28 per cent ( about 5,500 ) have yet to receive payment , according to the USI president John Logue . Many of them are going hungry . As a result , significant numbers will never go on to be part of the much-vaunted smart economy : they have been forced to drop out of college and return home .
We claim to be surprised when the students who make it through the system then suddenly hop on a plane to London , Sydney or Toronto .
What hope have we of ever delivering on the so-called smart economy if we ca n't even build a working student grant-payment system ?
Coke please , but hold the burger
Two health studies published this week are likely to provide post-festive cheer to those who have no desire to go on a January diet .
The first found that the old chestnut about using Coca-Cola to treat stomach problems might have some truth to it . A study carried out by researchers at Athens University found that the soft drink is 90 per cent effective in treating a condition called gastric phytobezoar , a stomach blockage that can lead to bowel obstruction . The researchers conclude that “ Coca-Cola administration is a cheap , easy-to-perform and safe procedure ” .
The second , published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , offered even better news : it claimed that being overweight can lead to a longer life .
The researchers at the US National Centre for Health Statistics examined 97 studies involving nearly 2.9 million people to compare death rates with Body Mass Index ( BMI ) . They found that overweight people ( with a BMI of between 25 and 30 ) were 6 per cent less likely to die early than those considered to have a healthy weight .
But do n't get too excited – the study was barely off the presses when health experts labelled it nonsense . Prof John Wass , vice president of the UK Royal College of Physicians asked the BBC : “ Have you ever seen a 100-year-old human being who is overweight ? ” Fair point .
Playing the piano is something I have always wanted to pursue . I love classical music and the piano is my favorite instrument . My family is pretty musical as well and my mom graduated with a degree in music from a prestigious music oriented college . This year after graduating from college myself I decided it was time to stop dreaming and start learning to play the piano .
I 'm the kind of guy that wants to do it all myself and learn on my own , so I picked a song and began slowly banging away at it on my mother-in-laws piano . You see , we did n't own a piano so that had always hindered my ability to learn it to some degree but at this point in my life we did n't have the money in our budget for a piano so my mother-in-laws would have to be the start to my musical education .
My mother-in-law 's piano is fifteen years old but well maintained , aside from needing a tune . She has ten kids but only one of the ten kids , and neither of the parents in the family play the piano so it is in great condition . I had no audience while I practiced , so the tune was not necessarily important and I just began to play .
I started learning back in March of 2010 . I finished learning my first song in April , and my second soon after . I could n't and still ca n't read music at any great speed but I can interpret the sheet music and memorize the keys to play a tune . After a while practicing a song , I can memorize the song and play it in entirety .
Back to the story of the pianos . After seeing my progress over the course of a few months , I felt like it was time to get my own piano . I was practicing several hours a day at the in-laws and although they did n't have a problem with this , it really felt bothersome to pack up the family and drive to the in-laws just so I could practice each day . I made a goal to practice every singe day for a year and did n't miss a single day during this time .
So I went in to the local piano shop near my work , and started to play some really nice pianos there ; Yamaha , Steinway , and Kawai .. such beautiful pianos with great sound a touch . Call me naive but I had no idea pianos were so expensive ! There would be no possible way to buy a new piano any time soon , and really no need seeing as I was only a beginner .
Then I discovered the more modern , digital pianos which had a fairly authentic , piano like feel and good sound to them . They needed less maintenance and are much cheaper so they seemed to be my best bet if I was to pursue buying a piano .
After about two months of playing the pianos in the piano store showroom , once my envy of the baby grands had grown sufficient , the salesman offered me a great deal on a high-end digital piano . This is where the real journey started .
Lesson learned : Set goals and stick to them – No one knows your own plans better than you do . The salesman at the piano store and I spoke many times in my long visits there about my goals and financial obligations that stood in the way of my purchasing a piano . He seemed to understand and was accepting , but he was still a salesman . If he ever got the chance to emphasize the fact that if I had a piano at home , I could play more often and progress much faster , he took the chance and ran with it . He knew that progress was a driving force for me , seeing how quickly I learned my first couple songs and he used that to convince me that buying a piano was the right decision .
I ended up buying this digital piano for about $ 1000 and I was very happy with the purchase . I still played everyday and it was a real adventure figuring out all the features of the new piano .
Coincidentally , while I was doing all this piano playing , a relative of mine lost his job and was moving his family out of state . The same week I bought the digital piano , these relatives offered us their standard upright piano .
Ouch , that stung . The joy I felt about the digital piano quickly faded into regret , guilt and disbelief . The piano store had a no returns policy and my wife had already been a little frustrated about the purchase , not because of the money , but because our house is small and it took a little shifting to accommodate the size of even the small digital piano . Now we would have to make room for a second , and full size , piano !
Lesson learned : You can never know what the future holds – My initial goal was to not buy a piano until we moved into a bigger house . No one knows what will come with time , and if I had waited , we would have been given one piano and been very happy with it .
It took several weeks for the second piano to be delivered to us and in that time we made room for it . When it arrived I instantly fell in love with it . It had a much better feel and even though it too was very out of tune like my mother-in-laws piano , it had a beautiful voice . The shiny digital piano fell into disuse .
Because of the guilt I felt about buying the digital piano , I felt the need to validate my decision and decided to keep both pianos but I was torn between them . I felt I had to play the digital piano because it cost more money , but I loved the real piano 's feel so in the end my goal to play daily suffered and I stopped playing either piano regularly .
Lesson learned : We all make mistakes but need to accept them and move on – I could n't accept the fact that I made the wrong decision in buying the digital piano . Had I acted earlier there was a possibility I could have returned the digital piano , regardless of the stores no return policy . The longer I let the mistake eat away at me , the older the piano got and the harder it would be for me to resell it .
Eventually I decided I had to do something about having two pianos and listed the digital piano for sale in the local classifieds . I knew that so much time had passed , I could n't possibly get the full amount I paid for it so I listed it at what I felt was a great price and waited for calls . Because I had waited so long before I listed it , I felt I had to sell it quickly to insure the value did n't drop anymore . I did n't want to be stuck with it now that I had decided to sell it .
Lesson learned : Situations do n't change , only your perception of them does – The urgency of getting rid of the piano drastically changed in my mind from a casual pace to that of the Tour de France . I had to sell it now ! In reality the piano was still worth what I paid for it , and would still be worth that tomorrow and the day after . The money I paid for the piano was n't urgently needed back either as it came out of savings . I needed to be patient and put my emotions on the shelf .
In the end , after a few nibbles , and my dropping the price another $ 50 in the classifieds , I 'm happy to say that a very excited young musician came and picked up the piano . She did n't even negotiate the price I had listed , and she was ecstatic to find such a clean , new piano for that price . I lost $ 150 and learned some very important lessons that I hope I can remember next time a beautiful impulse buy surfaces on the horizon .
Have you experienced something similar in your life ? How did you handle it ?
Image by FxyLxy br >
If you liked this , please subscribe to my triweekly updates via RSS or Email . Thank you !
Tags : fifteen years , mom , parents , pia , pianos , single day
Bitcoin BTCLEND : Peer to Peer lending platform ( Exclusive Interview )
From the very beginning , Bitcoin was designed as a p2p financial platform . This allowed easier use of money , also opening the ability to request loans directly from a lender and not a bank . BTCLend facilitates the ability to lend your Bitcoin ( as well as Paycoin ) and passively earn interest on it . I spoke to the BTCLend team regarding their initiative , progress , and outlook .
Also Read : Stellar Plans To Improve MicroFinance Industry
What are the services BTCLend offer ?
BTCLend Offers Peer to Peer collateral secured loans . We aim to protect the investors from being stuck in a JAM for non-payment by trusted based loans like our competitors .
Tell me a little bit about the history and development behind BTCLend .
The company began with a post on HashTalk made by Carmelo asking for help with a project that he was working on that involved a new way to do peer to peer loan with BTC and XPY . At first he would not give John or I much information , but after we gained his trust , he let us in on the big secret .
We were on a three way call when he reveled the idea . I 'm not sure who asked first as it seemed to be in unison ” How much do you need ? ” . That 's how the actual partnership started but I did some research and located the post when Carmelo actually had the idea .
BTCLend was spearheaded in the late summer of 2014 by Carmelo Milian , along with partners Lawrence D Hughes and John Tuberosi completing the team .
What are some achievements BTCLend has accomplished ?
BTCLend launched January 17th in Miami at this year ` s North American BitCoin Conference . We have over 850 registered users and have just integrated our first partner for collateral backed loans .
We have Bootstrapped this business , this means that we have spent only what 's necessary and without the need of outside funding . This means that the founders are the only one with stake in the company . Development started from an idea , most of its features are those we wished our competitors had .
Can you tell me about your Paycoin integration ?
Our plans are to not only use Stakers as collateral which we just successfully implemented but also to lend XPY as we lend BTC . We have been with XPY since before it was a reality . We believe in it . It has not had the best execution , but it does have lots of good intentions backing it .
How do you differ from BTCJam ?
Collateral , BTCJam does not care about their investors . It 's proven in its business model . That is what makes BTCLend different . We keep in touch with our investors , we listen to them . We develop around their feedback . We only make money when investors make money , unlike our competitor who takes their cut up front .
Any future features in the works ?
Yes , BTCVentures.org equity startup funding . Do n't tell anyone , but BTCLend will integrate in the future with BTCVentures . It only makes sense .
Competition is always good , and with BTCJam being the primary lending platform it is nice other competitors are rising up to bring diversity .
Photo Source : BTCLend
For more information visit : BTCLends Website
Do you lend Bitcoins ? Have you tried out BTCJam ? Let us know in the comments below !
Should Ultra Rich Children of Celebrities Get College Scholarships ?
Should Ultra Rich Children of Celebrities Get College Scholarships ?
I would like to start this post off with a lyric from the eloquent Sean P.Diddy aka Puff Daddy aka Diddy Combs .
“ Do n't get mad , get motivated ! ”
Now , if you have n't heard . Ultra rich , celebrity , businessman , model dating , philanthropist , Sean ( too many damn nicknames ) Combs 's son recently was awarded a full ride to UCLA . Many people who , I ca n't help but believe , are suffering from some kind of crab in the bucket , hating disease seem to think Mr. Comb 's son should give up his scholarship .
I could only shake my head .
I swear people just need something to complain about . Here are some of the hilarious comments I found around the web pertaining to this issue .
“ Say thanks for the acknowledgement and pay it forward to someone who maybe did n't get a maybach for their sweet sixteen. ” “ Like taking food from the hungry . He 's a disgrace . Multi-millionaire with no class. ” “ Diddy needs to talk to actor Denzel Washington whose son was offered a football scholarship as well but Denzel politely turned it down stating that he was blessed to have financial means to pay for his son 's education and the scholarship instead was offered to a low income kid : ) ” “ If Diddy had class he would return the scholarship ” “ Perhaps Daddy Combs can create a scholarship for the underprivileged or donate back to the school , or give a one time gift to a cash strapped student . ”
I can go on and on and on . It 's funny how people always want to tell someone else what to do with their money . This reminds me of how people were upset that Oprah opened a school in Africa instead of America . Are you kidding me people ?
Back to the topic at hand . Let 's break this down piece by piece for you . I 'm looking at the people who think Diddy should force his son to give back a scholarship he earned .
Point 1
This is a merit based scholarship , not a need based scholarship . Merit-based scholarships are awarded ( not given ) to students who show exceptional athletic or academic abilities . In the case of Diddy 's son , he had a 3.75 GPA from an elite private school , but more importantly he is ranked # 133 in the nation as a cornerback . Did you know he was offered multiple athletic scholarships to play D1 football ?
Here is a word from UCLA regarding the issue .
“ Unlike need-based scholarships , athletic scholarships are awarded to students strictly on the basis of their athletic and academic ability — not their financial need . Athletic scholarships , such as those awarded to football or basketball players , do not rely on state funds . Instead , these scholarships are entirely funded through UCLA Athletics ticket sales , corporate partnerships , media contracts and private donations from supporters , ”
Point 2
Are people just mad because it 's Diddy ? I really think people just do n't like Diddy so they need to find something , anything to hate on when it comes to this guy .
Just because a person is rich does n't mean he should force his son to give up his hard earned scholarship .
I am willing to bet that on average , the parents of the children who play the following sports are very , very rich .
GOLF
TENNIS
LACROSSE
ROWING
WATER POLO
Yet , you do n't hear a peep from people about that . But with Diddy , “ Oh no , he does n't have class . ”
Let 's draw a closer parallel . Why did n't anyone say anything about Peyton and Eli Manning accepting scholarships ? Did n't they have a well off father ? What about Barry Sanders son ? He just got a full ride to Stanford . Nobody cared !
Point 3
This is n't about Diddy . This is about his son proving to a self-made father that he can do it on his own . People tend to think because your father is rich , you have it easy . I beg to differ . Imagine being in Diddy 's son shoes . Everyone thinks life is sweet , but you constantly live in the shadow of your father . All your achievements in life are attributed to the platinum spoon in your mouth .
So , what did he do to set himself apart from his ultra rich , ultra successful father ? He blazed his own path , just like his father did and showed him that HE CAN DO THIS ON HIS OWN . He got stellar grades and became an elite athlete to show everyone that even though poor-to-rich Diddy is his daddy , he can control his OWN destiny .
Remember people , they do n't just give out 3.75 GPA 's , and you ca n't buy your way to being a nationally ranked cornerback .
In Conclusion
Stop being a hater and as Diddy said , “ do n't get mad , get motivated ”
Good Luck Justin , I respect your grind !
Call to Action !
What was your reaction to Diddy 's son getting a scholarship ? Do you agree or disagree with me and why ?
For those of us who are of a certain age , there was a period where using your computer required using MS Dos , floppy disks and in some cases dial-up modems . Gaming in that period introduced us to some legendary Star Wars titles from Lucasarts such as X-Wing and Tie-Fighter – two amazing space combat simulators that are still being talked about today . While many DOS emulators exist , one of their main drawbacks is that they 're not very intuitive and difficult to use . At the same time though since most of these games run on either 5¼-inch or 3½-inch floppy disks ( remember those ? ) , few people have held on to their games from 20 years ago .
A screenshot from X-Wing in a all its Super VGA glory !
Good Old Games ( GOG ) decided to address these issues by re-releasing both X-Wing and Tie Fighter as downloadable content for $ 10 each . The former also includes the Imperial Pursuit and B-Wing expansions as part of the download . While the release date has n't been defined yet , expect it to be fairly soon .
Source
( Visited 63 times , 1 visits today )
Death-penalty protesters stand under umbrellas outside the John Joseph Moakley United States Courthouse during the first day of the sentencing phase of the Boston Marathon bomber trial last month . ( Scott Eisen/Getty Images )
Without a definitive judicial ruling or other galvanizing event , a perennial American argument is ending . Capital punishment is withering away .
It is difficult to imagine moral reasoning that would support the conclusion that an injustice will be done when , years hence , the death penalty finally is administered to Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , the Boston Marathon terrorist who placed a bomb in a crowd and then strolled to safety . Sentencing to death those who commit heinous crimes satisfies a sense of moral proportionality . This is , however , purchased with disproportionate social costs , as Nebraska seems to be concluding .
Nebraska is not a nest of liberals . Yet on Wednesday its 49-member unicameral legislature passed a bill abolishing the death penalty 32 to 15 . Gov . Pete Ricketts , a Republican , vows to veto it .
This comes at a time when , nationwide , exonerations of condemned prisoners and botched executions are dismayingly frequent . Nebraska 's death penalty opponents , including a majority of Nebraskans , say it is expensive without demonstrably enhancing public safety or being a solace to families of murder victims . Some Nebraska families have testified that the extended legal processes surrounding the death penalty prolong their suffering . That sentiment is shared by Bill and Denise Richard , whose 8-year-old son was killed by Tsarnaev .
Last month , the U.S. Supreme Court heard oral arguments about whether one component of a three-drug mixture used in lethal injection executions — and recently used in some grotesquely protracted ones — is unreliable in preventing suffering that violates the Eighth Amendment proscription of “ cruel and unusual punishments. ” States use the drug in question because more effective drugs are hard to acquire , partly because death penalty opponents are pressuring drug companies not to supply them .
For this , Justice Antonin Scalia blamed a death penalty “ abolitionist movement. ” Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. asked , “ Is it appropriate for the judiciary to countenance what amounts to a guerrilla war against the death penalty , which consists of efforts to make it impossible for the states to obtain drugs that could be used to carry out capital punishment with little , if any , pain ? ” Justice Anthony M. Kennedy wondered , “ What bearing , if any , should be put on the fact that there is a method , but that it 's not available because of opposition to the death penalty ? What relevance does that have ? ”
The answers are : Public agitation against capital punishment is not relevant to judicial reasoning . And it is not the judiciary 's business to worry that a ruling might seem to “ countenance ” this or that social advocacy .
The conservative case against capital punishment , which 32 states have , is threefold . First , the power to inflict death cloaks government with a majesty and pretense of infallibility discordant with conservatism . Second , when capital punishment is inflicted , it can not later be corrected because of new evidence , so a capital punishment regime must be administered with extraordinary competence . It is , however , a government program . Since 1973 , more than 140 people sentenced to death have been acquitted of their crimes ( sometimes by DNA evidence ) , had the charges against them dismissed by prosecutors or have been pardoned based on evidence of innocence . For an unsparing immersion in the workings of the governmental machinery of death , read “ Just Mercy ” by Bryan Stevenson , executive director and founder of the Equal Justice Initiative .
Third , administration of death sentences is so sporadic and protracted that their power to deter is attenuated . And the expensive , because labyrinthine , legal protocols with which the judiciary has enveloped capital punishment are here to stay . Granted , capital punishment could deter : If overdue library books were punishable by death , none would be overdue . But many crimes for which death is reserved , including Tsarnaev 's crime of ideological premeditation , are especially difficult to deter .
Those who favor capital punishment because of its supposed deterrent effect do not favor strengthening that effect by restoring the practice of public executions . There has not been one in America since 1937 ( a hanging in Galena , Mo . ) because society has decided that state-inflicted deaths , far from being wholesomely didactic spectacles , are coarsening and revolting .
Revulsion is not an argument , but it is evidence of what former chief justice Earl Warren called society 's “ evolving standards of decency. ” In the essay “ Reflections on the Guillotine , ” Albert Camus wrote , “ The man who enjoys his coffee while reading that justice has been done would spit it out at the least detail. ” Capital punishment , say proponents , serves social catharsis . But administering it behind prison walls indicates a healthy squeamishness that should herald abolition .
Read more from George F. Will 's archive or follow him on Facebook .
While Mr. Trump declares war on the children of illegal immigrants , perhaps he should remember that his German grandfather pleaded not to be deported from Germany .
Friedrich Trump wanted to return to Germany with his wife and daughter after having emigrated to the US . He was refused reentry because he failed to complete his mandatory military service and to register his initial emigration to the US 20 years earlier . This seems to be a familiar family trait . Remember how Donald Trump successfully used his wealth and connections to evade the Vietnam draft 5 times .
Donald Trump 's German grandfather responded to the royal decree to leave the country and never return , by pleading to the prince regent of Bavaria not to deport him .
He described the moment he received the news as `` a lightning strike from fair skies '' . `` We were paralyzed with fright , our happy family life was tarnished . My wife has been overcome by anxiety , and my lovely child has become sick , '' he wrote . “ Why should we be deported ? '' he asked , `` This is very , very hard for a family . What will our fellow citizens think if honest subjects are faced with such a decree . '' Writing to the prince regent of Bavaria , he begged for mercy .
This poor honest man , salt of the earth , allegedly made his fortune as a brothel owner .
More than 100 years later , his grandson , Donald Trump , enacted new immigration rules that would have kept his grandfather out of the US . The Trump administration 's hardline immigration stance also creates a dangerous precedent for Melania Trump to be deported . I wonder how the poor children of DACA whom Trump loves so much , feel as the dark clouds of deportation loom ever closer . For more details see , http : //callforsocialjustice.blogspot.com/
PHOENIX — Another Arizona city may consider whether to approve civil unions that could include same-sex couples .
The Tempe City Council plans late Thursday to meet behind closed doors to get legal advice on civil unions .
The Arizona Republic reports that Councilman Kolby Granville requested the executive-session discussion and plans to ask for council action on civil unions in coming weeks .
Granville says it 's an issue of civil rights and that civil unions would be the next best thing to same-sex marriage ..
Tempe has approximately 165,000 residents and is one of the Phoenix area 's larger cities — it is home to Arizona State University .
The Tempe council 's scheduled discussion comes after the Bisbee City Council approved an ordinance for civil unions Tuesday night .
Bisbee is a city of about 5,600 people in mostly rural Cochise County in southeastern Arizona .
Attorney General Tom Horne has said he will go to court to block Bisbee 's new ordinance . Horne contends the Bisbee council acted outside its legal authority because state laws control things such as community property .
© 2013 , Associated Press , All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
This Story Filed Under
Have you heard of saddle sitting ? Many people are now trading in their regular office chair for a saddle chair and getting great results . You can relieve pain in many parts of your body plus feel more energized and alert when you put aside your regular office chair and try saddle sitting for at least part of your workday .
But what makes saddle sitting such a good idea ? And how does it really help ? Here are some real and proven ways that a saddle chair can improve your life and your work :
You can finally sit in an ergonomically friendly way . A saddle chair involves a strongly declined position for the upper legs , and this means that the pelvis rotates forward so that the lower back moves into a better position for optimal comfort and health . This means better posture , reduced tension and more .
Your back is strengthened as you sit . The improved sitting position may be a bit uncomfortable at first because your back is so weak from the way you 've been sitting in the past . But your new way of sitting is stimulating for your back muscles as well as your abs and your butt . As you use your saddle chair more and more , your posture gradually gets better as your entire back starts to strengthen .
Circulation actually improves . As you do more and more saddle sitting each day , circulation in your legs improves . Better circulation means decreased chances of sitting-related conditions like deep vein thrombosis and blood clots as well as less fatigue . Your whole body feels better when your circulatory system is working as it should .
Pressure is no longer a problem . If your office chair is old or poorly padded , you may experience pain and decreased circulation underneath your upper legs from where your legs press against the chair . But with a saddle chair , there 's no edge to press against . Open and unobstructed blood vessels are a great thing for overall health . That means your metabolism can increase , increasing energy . And of course , your legs wo n't hurt anymore after sitting for a long time .
Relaxing is easier . When you sit in a saddle seat , the wider hip abduction relaxes your legs and your whole body , making your less tense . And this relaxation of the muscles means that when you get up and move around , you can walk better and easier because your legs are n't already tired . In fact , people with neurological problems that make sitting upright in a regular chair difficult can often sit perfectly in a saddle chair .
And that 's not all . Consider these additional important facts and details about using a saddle seat :
Doctors and dentists report less neck and back pain when the switch to a saddle stool .
Children are more likely to sit up properly and behave as they should when in a saddle chair .
Hand-eye coordination is improved for some when they sit in a saddle seat because of the better shoulder position .
When used along with a raised desk , saddle seating is particularly helpful for office workers .
Getting up and sitting down are easier when saddle sitting .
Your reach may be longer and easier when sitting in a saddle chair .
And even better , your spine curves into its naturally the healthiest position when saddle sitting , leading to long-term comfort and greater overall health .
So what 's not to like about saddle sitting ? It really does work for many people who find discomfort when sitting in a traditional office chair all day long . Start by using a saddle seat only an hour or two a day , then you may be able to gradually increase to exclusively using a saddle seat .
Days after arch-rival Amazon announced plans to buy Whole Foods for $ 13.7 billion , Walmart is apparently ramping up its defense .
That acquisition takes square aim at Walmart 's bread-and-butter grocery business by giving the online retailer 465 new retail locations—thus a much bigger brick-and-mortar presence .
Now , Walmart is telling some partners and suppliers that their software services should not run on Amazon Web Services cloud infrastructure , according to the Wall Street Journal .
The report quoted Bob Muglia , CEO of Snowflake Computing , saying that a Walmart ( wmt ) partner wanted to use his company 's data warehouse service , but was told it had to run on Microsoft ( msft ) Azure cloud instead of AWS .
Related : Walmart Wants to Unchain Retailers From Their Cloud
Currently , Snowflake 's software runs only on AWS .
Get Data Sheet , Fortune 's technology newsletter .
In an emailed statement , an Amazon ( amzn ) spokesman said : “ Yes , we 've heard that Walmart continues to try to bully their suppliers into not using AWS because they have an incorrect view that AWS is somehow supporting Amazon 's Retail business . ”
Many suppliers are standing up to Walmart on this front , he added .
A Walmart spokeswoman said that the company 's vendors can use any cloud provider that meets their , and their customers ' needs but “ it should n't be a big surprise that there are cases in which we 'd prefer our most sensitive data is n't sitting on a competitor 's platform . ”
Snowflake could not be reached for comment .
Related : Amazon Buying Whole Foods Could Boost Cloud Business
Actually , this is a flare up of an old story . Walmart has long used competitive cloud computing technology based on OpenStack and other open-source technology for its workloads . Other retailers—including The Gap , eBay , and PayPal—have also talked about their use of OpenStack .
That computing project was launched by NASA and Rackspace eight years ago to act as a counterweight to the growing power of AWS in public cloud .
Related : OpenStack Struggles in Public Cloud Wars
In the past , Amazon has touted many retailers including Nordstrom and Instacart that use AWS computing , storage and networking services , and that the computing arm operates separately from the parent company 's retail business .
Note : ( June 21 , 2017 11:45 a.m. ) This story was updated to include comment from an Amazon spokesman .
Note : ( June 21 , 2017 11:00 p.m. ) This story was updated to add Walmart comment .
Would it kill this guy to show some respect ?
Update :
Obama was caught on camera chewing gum while clapping during the welcome for Her Majesty the Queen . He kept chewing throughout the ceremonies , also managing to anger France . French twitter blew up ( not to mention British and American reaction ) :
Obama et son chewing-gum . Classe . # DDay70 — Grégory Gasson ( @ GregGasson ) June 6 , 2014
# DDay Peu élégante , l'attitude de M # Obama mâchant ostensiblement son chewing gum en pleine cérémonie… — Thierry Le Bras ( @ ThierryLeBras2 ) June 6 , 2014
“ Not very elegant , the Obama attitude in the middle of the ceremony ”
# Obama ac son chewing gum… Pas classe du tout # DDay70 — Laurent Caselli ( @ LaurentCaselli ) June 6 , 2014
“ No class at all ”
Est-ce que quelqu'un pourrait demander à Barack Obama d'arrêter de mastiquer son chewing-gum comme un cow-boy ? # DDay — Jayce Oliver ( @ jaycelight ) June 6 , 2014
“ Is there anyone who will ask Barack Obama to stop chewing on his gum like a cowboy ? ”
Le chewing-gum Obama merde — Ju ' ( @ SaisirUnPseudo ) June 6 , 2014
And if you need a translation for that last one , ‘ merde ' = shit .
HT : Defend , Daily Dot
Nothing is where it used to be . For reasons best known only to my shell-shocked mind , this is the phrase that repeats in my head like a mantra , like a tattoo , as I trudge like an automaton eastwards down Cashel St . The Silver Fox and I are burdened with as many of my possessions as we could reasonably carry including a rugged chilly-bin on wheels . Usually it lives in the kitchen . Nothing is where it used to be .
This is true in both a literal and a metaphorical sense . Everything has shifted . Walls and floors . People . The world has gone loopy . Again . But oh so much worse than last time .
I had just returned from lunch with the Silver Fox in the CBD , on the corner of Manchester and Armagh streets . I had to be back at work by 1pm for a meeting so we said our goodbyes about 12.40pm and were both back at our desks when the quake hit . If we had dallied there is every chance that the Silver Fox would have been walking down a narrow alleyway when the 6.3 aftershock hit . That alleyway is now littered with fallen masonry .
Anyway , one minute I 'm typing something , the next moment the solid , modern concrete building I work in has all the solidity of a bouncy castle ... as designed by Satan .
I jumped up from my chair and bolted for the nearest doorway . And hung on . And , yes , screamed a bit . And I watched as the open-plan office was shaken around as if by some giant toddler with a Christmas gift trying to figure out what 's inside .
I 'm writing this by torchlight in a notebook at my mother 's house where I have returned like the boomerang kid that I am . I am so tired . There are aftershocks every 10 minutes or so . Earlier I tried to sleep for a while on the mattress my mum and I have pulled out into the living room but the aftershocks are so regular that I 've found it impossible to drift off . We have torches and a strange assortment of decorative candles .
Because of the lack of power we have no usable phone . My iPhone is in my bag , which is next to my desk , which is underneath a cubicle wall and a toppled shelving unit , along with my wallet , my house keys , my camera . After the shaking stopped I lingered in the doorway ( also a fire exit ) , waiting for my workmates to emerge from under their desks , which they all did , thankfully . I had no qualms about leaving without those things . They just were n't important at the time . We all walked down the fire exit stairs and out of the building with nothing .
The lack of telecommunications means our only connection with the outside world is a battery-operated radio . The lack of ability to talk to other people is frustrating but it 's good to be able to hear other people 's stories sitting in the almost dark . Though some of the stories are ones you really wish you had n't heard .
As I live ( lived ) only a block or so away from my workplace , my friend Tulip and I made our way there once we 'd checked in at our workplace 's rendezvous point in a corner of the carpark/asphalt piecrust . Our first attempt is abandoned when we realise that Salisbury St near the Madras intersection is completely awash and impassable on foot ( unless you happened to be wearing gumboots ) . So we turn back in the hopes of taking an alternate route . Then Tulip spots the Silver Fox across the street and he weaves through the already gridlocked traffic to get to us . It 's unbelievably good to see him . After an appropriate amount of hugging he shows me some photos that he has taken on his phone of destroyed buildings in the CBD and I barely take in what I 'm looking at .
When I opened the fire exit door upon leaving our building , the first thing I was struck by , other than the sight of terrified-looking people on the streets , was the amount of dust that hung in the air . In that moment I knew that buildings had come down . I also knew that people would have been inside them and that some of those people would certainly be dead . My brain computed this strange fact in milliseconds but it does n't truly comprehend it yet . Not at that moment and not now .
The single-level wooden house I rent was munted . It had lost its chimney that survived the initial 7.1 quake and every other aftershock . The fireplace that was removed and boarded up had toppled out into the living room . But more than that , the house itself has shifted on its foundation . Just one look from the street and I knew that it would have to be demo-ed . The foundation is cracked . There 's also water leaking from the ceiling . The front doorway is on a decidedly wonky angle . I 'd left the 6ft gate open when I left for work that morning . In order to get to the front door I had to pick it up ( it 's not attached to anything anymore ) and muscle it into a leaning position against the house . Nothing is where it used to be .
It was clear I would not be able to stay here so we quickly made the decision to pack up and move out . My formerly sensible list-making mind failed me completely and I spent far too many minutes just looking around at my various possessions where they lay broken and on the floor while the Silver Fox gathered up items like duct tape , tinned food , instant noodles , bottled drinks and so on and loaded them into my soon-to-be offroad chilly-bin . Eventually I started moving with purpose and sorted through the detritus on my bathroom floor to find my contact lens kit and toothbrush . I amwas completely rubbish at this and could n't focus . It was like playing `` Where 's Wally '' with toiletries .
I moved into my bedroom and gathered up my glasses , three or four T-shirts , a handful of undies , a wool coat and my most solid sneakers . I was still wearing my work clothes of a wool skirt , tights and boots so I changed into the sneakers before we left . I had to get the Silver Fox to help me right my wardrobe that had fallen over so I could get to a pair of jeans . I was strangely unaffected by the damage and destruction of so many of my possessions . They were just things and I did n't really care about them , not even the flatscreen TV which had fallen off the storage unit it usually sits on .
The Silver Fox ( who was being seriously , usefully sensible ) advised against including two bottles of his whisky in my emergency kit . I took them out . I kept the gin though . I also put in 3 x 3 litres bottles of water that I had stored at the bottom of the pantry , though I had to dig my way through packets of spice and pasta and bottles of vinegar etc to get to them . I moved from room to room in a bit of a dream as we continued to be rocked by aftershocks . At one point SF stopped me , took a whistle out of his pocket , told me to put it on my keyring and keep it with me at all times . If I 'm trapped anywhere as the result of an aftershock he wants me to be able to signal to rescuers where I am . It was the most romantic givt that anyone has ever given me , and that 's including wookiees .
We shoved as much as we could into backpacks and a plastic storage container that we duct-taped to the top of the chilly-bin , I grabbed my bike and we moved off to Tulip 's house . Because SF 's car keys were back at his work ( multilevel concrete building in the central city that HAS N'T fallen down , thank God ) we could n't drive but the traffic was moving so slowly it hardly seemed like it would be worth the bother anyway . After checking in at Tulip 's the Silver Fox and I continued on foot . Both of our mothers live in Linwood in houses that did n't suffer too badly in the initial quake so we were hopeful we could stay there and that we would n't need all of the emergency supplies .
And so we walked the few kilometres eastward out of town like refugees . We were not alone . We passed barefoot office workers . People sat on their front fences in small groups , chatting , though mostly people looked haunted . Several people asked if we were all right but we were alive and walking around and had scavenged some possessions so I thought the all-rightness , in this context , was self-evident . The traffic moved at a snail 's pace . I felt horribly tired all of a sudden . Each step was an effort . SF tried to cheer me on with the occasional grin but it required too much energy to respond in kind . At one point , while on Gloucester St , we passed a pile of bricks and wood that I remember as being a row of two-storey flats . A distant part of my brain registered that there might be people under all that . Another part of my brain just instructed my feet to keep moving in the same direction and not think about it . Nobody is searching through rubble so with false willful cheerfulness I assume that there was no one home at that place .
Nothing is where it used to be .
After that , my memory starts to become as fractured as the roads down which we trudged . I got no sleep to speak of on Tuesday night , though I have my scribbled notes to work from . More posts on day 2 and 3 will follow . In the meantime I am well . I have food , enough water for the time being , a bike to get around on , internet access and , most important of all , my loved ones . All of my friends and family have been accounted for , though the chances that an acquaintance or a friend of a friend has not been killed is fairly low . There are only a couple of degrees of separation in Christchurch . We all await the announcement of the names of the dead with great trepidation .
So far , we are doing as well as we can despite our world having tilted like a high-rise hotel . Thank you so much for your concern for my safety . Please hang onto that feeling in the months to come . We 're going to need it .
» Follow me on Facebook and Twitter .
GAME Of Thrones fans ca n't wait for the new series to start .
HBO LUCKY GUY : Jon Snow is set to get some action in the new GOT series
However , we at the Daily Star Online can reveal some exclusive spoilers for you ahead of season seven beginning on July 16 . So , look away now if you do n't want to know – you 've been warned . Jon Snow , played by Kit Harrington , is one of the show 's biggest fan favourites . Last season was a dramatic one for him , what with coming back to life and then taking over as King of the North . Not bad .
HBO BOMBSHELL : He 's set to bed Daenerys Targaryen , who he later fins out he 's related to
However , things get a lot saucier for the star in season seven . An insider has told Daily Star Online that the curly headed hunk hooks up with none other than Daenerys Targaryen , played by Emilia Clarke . Lucky guy , right ? Photos have already been released to show that the pair finally meeting .
Game of Throne : Series 5 With Game of Thrones set to return to our screens , we take a look at what might be coming up in the hit fantasy drama , and recap events in Westeros so far 1 / 15 HBO Emilia Clarke
HBO ROMANCE : Jon and wilding Ygritte found love previously
However , they do a lot more than that , according to our source , as they get down and dirty in the sheets . Things get more complicated when it is revealed that they are actually related though . Fans have already speculated on this before , with family trees drawn up to show that the blonde is Jon Snow 's aunt . This is n't the first bit of incsest in the HBO show though .
HBO WIDOWER : Daenerys was married to Khal Drogo
The annual `` NFL Yearbook '' comes out every year in August on ESPN 2 , and feature all 32 NFL teams ' previous season in a 30 minute video recap . This year , NFL Films focused on how the Panthers 2012 season was `` not so much the destination , but the journey taken '' , and suggests that its `` not how you start , but how you finish '' ( which is funny because in my very own 2012 highlight video , I narrated those same exact words ) . Regardless of how you look at it , NFL Films got that right . Our 2012 season was another slow start , however a very strong finish , even stronger than the one we had in 2011 .
While the season is just 13 days away , the NFL Yearbook usually is seen as the `` ending '' of the previous season in my eyes , as we and 31 other teams review our ups and our downs all within a 30 minute visual masterpiece . NFL Films outdid themselves again with this 2012 Carolina Panthers Yearbook . I hope you all enjoyed it as much as I did ! Keep Pounding Panther fans , because in 13 long and slow moving days , our Sundays will be fulfilled with Carolina Panther football once again , and this year I have a feeling it will be special .
Authors Note : The video is placed into two parts because of YouTube restrictions . Also , be prepared to see a lot of video content from me this season , starting Week 1 versus Seattle being that I live in Washington state ! Also , for those who enjoyed my `` trailers '' from last season , if you have any music/movie/trailer ideas , please share below ! I read EVERY comment posted on my articles ! Thanks and Go Panthers !
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Sep. 30 , 2013 , 9:30 PM GMT By Leonard David
An ambitious one-day mission to observe the potentially dazzling Comet ISON with a telescope dangling from a colossal NASA balloon this weekend has failed due to a mechanical glitch , NASA officials say .
The mission , called the Balloon Rapid Response for ISON ( BRRISON ) , lifted off from Fort Sumner , N.M. , on Saturday in a bid to make telescope observations of Comet ISON — which some scientists have dubbed as a potential `` comet of the century '' if brightens on its way into the inner solar system . The telescope-toting balloon aimed to observe the comet from the Earth 's upper atmosphere in infrared and ultraviolet/visible wavelengths of light .
But roughly two and a half hours after the BRRISON balloon 's launch , the 0.8-meter telescope on its science gondola platform returned to a stowed position too rapidly . That motion drove the telescope past an internal latch , causing it to jam , mission officials said . [ Comet ISON In 2013 : 8 Essential Facts ]
`` The telescope was unable to be redeployed despite numerous attempts by the BRRISON team from the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory , which built BRRISON for NASA , '' according to a NASA statement after the balloon returned to Earth .
The in-flight problem prevented the payload from collecting its much-anticipated photos of Comet ISON . An Interim Response Team was expected to assess the BRRISON payload during recovery operations on Sunday .
The BRRISON mission flew on a zero-pressure balloon and was billed as the first NASA Planetary Science Division balloon mission ever aimed at observing a comet . The project cost totaled $ 11 million , but while a scientific data loss , the gondola-carried payload is in the process of being recovered and should be available for reuse as much as possible on another mission .
Technicians perform final checks on gondola-carried scientific gear used for NASA 's Balloon Rapid Response for ISON , a mission to observe Comet ISON from a high-altitude balloon , just before its launch from Fort Sumner , N.M , on Saturday . NASA / APL
The fast-paced BRRISON project was sponsored by NASA , The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory ( APL ) and the Southwest Research Institute . It is one of several projects underway to study Comet ISON in detail during its swing through the inner solar system .
Comet ISON — officially designated C/2012 S1 ( ISON ) — was discovered in September 2012 , by Russian amateur astronomers Vitali Nevski and Artyom Novichonok . The comet 's pass through the inner solar system has been a major source of anticipation and uncertainty among astronomers .
The comet is slated to make its closest approach to the sun on Nov. 28 , when it will be about 700,000 miles ( 1.2 million kilometers ) from the sun 's surface . If Comet ISON survives the solar close encounter , the comet could flare up brilliantly to become a dazzling object in the night sky . But the comet could also fizzle out or break apart , scientists have warned .
Prior to Saturday 's balloon liftoff BRRISON team member Eliot Young , a principal scientist at Southwest Research Institute in Boulder , Colo. issued an upbeat message .
Young said the late-evening launch was `` probably good news for our suite of experiments : it guarantees us night time observations . '' The winds at 120,000 feet had sped up towards the east , as happens in late September , he said , making flight times short before the payloads reach population centers and have to be terminated .
Young noted in his pre-launch message that the evening launch made BRRISON team members change their schedule of observations .
`` We never expected to observe Comet ISON through sunrise , '' Young said . `` Our sunshade was installed to protect the telescope during afternoon observations of ISON . With the unusual evening launch , we have had to re-orient our sunshade . ''
During its observing trek data gleaned by BRRISON mission was to be recorded onboard and analyzed after landing .
In addition to observing Comet ISON , scientists has hoped to have BRRISON observe several other targets during its flight , including views of the Comet Encke , some moons of Jupiter and the water-bearing asteroids 24 Themis and 130 Elektra .
Leonard David has been reporting on the space industry for more than five decades . He is a former director of research for the National Commission on Space and is co-author of Buzz Aldrin 's new book `` Mission to Mars – My Vision for Space Exploration '' published by National Geographic . Follow us @ Spacedotcom , Facebook and Google+ . Original article on Space.com .
More than a dozen officers responded to a flood of phone calls about a break-in at a mobile home park in Gresham , Oregon , just after 10 p.m. on Sept. 6 and when they arrived they found one man dead and two injured .
At the scene , police learned that homeowner fended off four men who tried to invade his home , according to press materials released by the Gresham Police Department .
The unidentified homeowner was beaten and stabbed on the face and back before he was able to grab a gun and open fire on the intruders . At some point during the altercation , the homeowner also gained access to a knife and stabbed one of the intruders . It is not known if the knife he used was the same knife used to attack him .
Eriberto Sumano , 25 , who suffered a single gunshot wound , was pronounced dead at the scene , and a 16-year-old , whose name has not been released , was also shot and remains in the hospital .
Jesus Bucio , 24 , who was on probation at the time , was stabbed during the incident . He received treatment at a local hospital but has since been released . Leonard Chavez , 17 , was not injured during the incident .
The homeowner , who police said has no known gang affiliations , was treated for the stab wounds and released from the hospital the following day .
Authorities originally said they believed the victim was targeted in the attack , and later learned the four men went to the house with the intention to harm the 34-year-old homeowner 's friend , but when they discovered the friend was not there , the suspects decided to attack the homeowner instead .
The suspects , who are all known gang associates and appear to have prior criminal histories , now face charges for the assault as well as the home invasion .
Viewpoint : Quantum Chaos on Display
Eva-Maria Graefe , Department of Mathematics , Imperial College London , London SW7 2AZ , United Kingdom
Spin-orbit-coupled cold atomic gases are proposed as a model system for observing the signatures of quantum chaos .
et al . [ 1 ] J. Larson Figure 1 : et al . [ ( a ) Real-space and ( b ) momentum density distributions for a spin-orbit-coupled gas of bosons in a chaotic regime . In the experiment theorized by Larson 1 ] , such wave function distributions are calculated for a system that has thermalized after an initial perturbation brought it to an excited state . The high-density regions correspond to so-called “ quantum scars , ” signatures of quantum chaos that are remnants of classic periodic orbits . et al . [ ( a ) Real-space and ( b ) momentum density distributions for a spin-orbit-coupled gas of bosons in a chaotic regime . In the experiment theorized by Larson 1 ] , such wave function distributions are calculated for a system that has thermalized afte ... Show more
et al . [ 1 ] J. Larson Figure 1 : ( a ) Real-space and ( b ) momentum density distributions for a spin-orbit-coupled gas of bosons in a chaotic regime . In the experiment theorized by Larson et al . [ 1 ] , such wave function distributions are calculated for a system that has thermalized after an initial perturbation brought it to an excited state . The high-density regions correspond to so-called “ quantum scars , ” signatures of quantum chaos that are remnants of classic periodic orbits . ×
In most systems encountered in our everyday life , small changes in the initial conditions can lead to widely diverging outcomes . Think , for example , of the drawing of lottery numbers . Even if great care was taken in the initial positioning of the balls , and the lottery machine was set in an almost identical rotation , we could hardly expect the same outcome at every draw . Although governed by deterministic laws , such a system is unpredictable . In classical physics , the phenomenon of extreme sensitivity to initial conditions is what defines chaos . Since classical mechanics is only an approximation of the more fundamental theory of quantum mechanics , one may expect to see analogous behavior in the quantum world . However , the laws of quantum mechanics do not permit a similar definition , since they do not lead to exponential sensitivity to the initial conditions . So how does classical chaos emerge from a quantum system ? Are there any signatures of chaos in a quantum system whose classical counterpart is chaotic ? In Physical Review A , Jonas Larson at Stockholm University , Sweden , and colleagues [ 1 ] propose that such questions—at the heart of the research field known as quantum chaos [ 2,3 ] —could be addressed experimentally in an ideal model system : an ultracold atomic gas in which an artificial spin-orbit ( SO ) coupling is induced by laser fields .
Over recent decades , researchers have learned some important things about the relationship between quantum mechanics and classical chaos . One of the most solid conclusions concerns the statistical properties of the energy levels of large quantum systems [ 3 ] , such as heavy atomic nuclei . If a classically nonchaotic system is quantized , the resulting discrete energy values ( eigenvalues ) tend to cluster , while eigenvalues in quantum systems whose classical counterparts are chaotic typically repel each other and tend to be distributed more uniformly within the available energy range . These signatures of chaos have been experimentally observed in the energy levels obtained from atomic and molecular spectra .
Such energy-level statistics are primarily related to the static properties of a quantum system . Chaotic behavior , however , emerges in the first place in the dynamics of a system , i.e. , in how it changes with time . From an experimental perspective , the observation of quantum dynamics is challenging , requiring exquisite control of system parameters and good isolation from the environment , in order to protect quantum mechanical wave functions from decoherence . As is often the case , the physics of cold atomic gases comes to the rescue , offering a highly controllable platform for the realization of theoretically predicted effects .
Dynamical models of quantum chaos have been previously demonstrated in beautiful experiments involving cold atoms in optical traps [ 4 ] . Chaudhury et al . [ 5 ] have recently realized a so-called “ kicked quantum top. ” The kicked top—a prototype model for chaotic behavior—can be thought of as a spinning top , in which chaos is induced by a sequence of periodic driving kicks . Chaudhury 's quantum top is made of an ensemble of cold cesium-133 atoms , whose angular momentum is kicked by laser and magnetic fields . The authors observed a good correspondence between the quantum and the classical system : In chaotic regimes , the quantum dynamics exhibited a more pronounced sensitivity with respect to perturbations in the Hamiltonian , reminiscent of the exponential sensitivity to initial conditions found in classical chaos .
The progress in the manipulation of cold atoms in turn provides inspiration for new research avenues for the field of quantum chaos . The latest rabbit pulled out of the cold-atom hat has been the demonstration of spin-orbit-coupled Bose-Einstein condensates [ 6 ] . In cold atoms , an effective spin-orbit coupling can be artificially engineered by using lasers that induce a position dependence for two internal states ( the “ spin ” ) . Now , the work of Larson et al . shows that spin-orbit coupling could be used as a control knob that switches a cold-atom ensemble between regular and chaotic behavior .
Larson et al . analyze the dynamical behavior of a dilute spin-orbit coupled gas of atoms . To investigate the quantum-classical correspondence and to base their analysis on the firmer ground of classical chaos , the authors first address the classical dynamics of the system . Since the spin degree of freedom is inherently quantum mechanical , the system does not have a trivially identifiable classical counterpart . However , Larson et al . show that a classical counterpart in the usual sense can be found by describing the system within a Born-Oppenheimer approximation ( in which the spin and orbital motions are separated ) . Furthermore , they show that the behavior of this classical counterpart can be switched from nonchaotic , if the spin orbit coupling is isotropic , to chaotic , if the coupling is directionally dependent ( anisotropic ) . The authors go on to analyze the quantum dynamics , initiated by what is called a “ quantum quench ” : After preparing the system in its ground state in the optical trap , they imagine slightly moving the trap , thus creating a nonequilibrium condition that evolves with time . They then simulate the long-term dynamics of the perturbed system for the two spin-orbit coupling symmetries that correspond to a chaotic and nonchaotic classical counterpart , searching for the fingerprints of chaos .
The key chaos-related question addressed by the author is whether the quantum system thermalizes , e.g. , relaxes to a state in which expectation values no longer change and which is distributed more or less evenly over the allowed energy manifold . In isolated classical systems , thermalization is associated to chaos : In the presence of chaos , the particles ' motions can explore the entirety of the phase space , which allows reaching a fully thermal redistribution . The details of quantum thermalization are still poorly understood , but by the correspondence principle , one would expect that the quantum counterparts of classically chaotic systems also show thermalization [ 7 ] . This is indeed what the authors find in their calculations . Thermalization of the quantum system is only observed when the classical counterpart is chaotic . The authors further calculate the expected timescales of such thermalization processes , and their findings support previous speculations that these are directly related to the rate by which initially close trajectories separate in the corresponding classical system . Thermalization thus seems to be a key signature of quantum chaos .
A compelling aspect of the work of Larson et al . is the predicted observation of so-called “ quantum scars ” [ 8,9 ] . In a classically chaotic system , dynamic trajectories—due to their instability to perturbations—eventually explore the whole space . One would thus expect that quantum trajectories , as smeared-out versions of their classical counterparts , would spread out in time all over the available space . However , in a classical system , there are specific initial conditions for which the system moves back and forth along a closed , periodic trajectory , hidden in the chaotic sea . Such closed trajectories leave high-density “ scars ” in some steady-state eigenfunctions of the corresponding quantum system ( see Fig . 1 ) . Larson et al . have argued that similar scars can be observed in the thermalized states of spin-orbit-coupled cold atoms after a long time evolution . In their theorized cold-atom experiment , the scarred distribution could be made directly visible , providing a spectacular demonstration of the quantum signatures of chaos .
The system proposed by Larson et al . would allow a comprehensive investigation of the physics of quantum chaos and the recent demonstrations of spin-orbit-coupled gases of bosons suggest that a realization of their ideas may soon be within reach . Their approach might then help address a key unresolved question : What drives—at the quantum mechanical level—the process of thermalization ? If , e.g. , an ensemble of molecules thermalizes , it must be because quantum mechanics tells them to . But how ? Quantum chaos may provide one of the key missing pieces for solving this important puzzle .
James Doohan was best known to Star Trek fans as Montgomery `` Scotty '' Scott , the chief engineer aboard the U.S.S . Enterprise , in the original Star Trek series .
Doohan was born on March 3 , 1920 , in Vancouver , British Columbia , and spent his early years there and in Sarnia , Ontario . Surviving the anguish of living with an alcoholic father , he left home at age 19 to join the Canadian armed forces fighting with the Allies in World War II . After outscoring his fellow soldiers on an officer 's exam , he became a captain in the Royal Canadian Artillery . While leading his men into battle on D-Day , Doohan was wounded in the leg and hand , and eventually lost a finger . For the remainder of the war , he became a pilot observer , and received the dubious distinction of being called the `` craziest pilot in the Canadian Air Forces . ''
After returning home to Canada , Doohan performed a few scenes for the local radio station , and was awarded a two-year scholarship to the Neighborhood Playhouse in New York City . Beginning in 1946 , he trained at the Playhouse with Sanford Meisner , alongside such future stars as Leslie Nielsen , Tony Randall and Jackie Gleason .
In the ensuing eight years , Doohan shuttled between New York and Canada where he worked on 4000 radio programs , 400 live and taped variety and dramatic television shows , several films and plays . Though he became known as Canada 's busiest actor , he eventually found himself following other fellow actors in the pilgrimage to Hollywood . There , his versatility and talent as a dialectician helped him earn parts in more than 100 motion pictures and television series , including The Twilight Zone , Outer Limits , Fantasy Island , `` Loaded Weapon 1 '' and `` Double Trouble . '' He has also appeared in the first seven-Star Trek motion pictures .
In the years since the final episode of Star Trek , Doohan has pursued a speaking career which has taken him to more than 250 colleges throughout the U.S. and Canada . In addition , he makes appearances at numerous Star Trek conventions .
Doohan lived in Redmond , Wash. , with his wife Wende and his sons , Eric and Thomas . In April 2000 , James and Wende gave birth to another child , Sarah .
James Doohan passed away on July 20 , 2005 at his home after a long bout with Parkinson 's . Wende , his wife of 28 years , was at his side .
Google initially refused to remove search results to stories about the `` right to be forgotten '' law , explaining that the censorship of this content is `` a matter of significant public importance . '' The UK Information Commissioner 's Office actually agrees , but with the caveat that the specific case in question is hanging a non-public figure 's laundry out to dry for no good reason . `` Content relating to the decisions to delist search results may be newsworthy and in the public interest , '' the Commissioner 's Office writes . `` However , that interest can be adequately and properly met without a search made on the basis of the complainant 's name . ''
The Commission has given Google 35 days to remove the offending links , though Google has the right to appeal the order . It 's a tough issue . What 's more important -- the right to be forgotten , or ensuring that access to relevant news about search censorship is available ? Let us know what you think in the comments section below .
[ Image credit : Maurice Savage / Alamy ]
The Senate immigration bill could nearly double the number of guest workers allowed into the U.S. , according to a new analysis the Center for Immigration Studies is releasing Wednesday that says the jump is four times the increase of the last immigration bill in 2007 .
That previous bill failed in part because liberal lawmakers felt the new guest workers would compete with Americans for jobs .
But this year , those concerns have been more muted as most Democrats have agreed to accept more workers in exchange for the chance to legalize illegal immigrants .
The CIS study says that when fully implemented , the Senate bill could mean 620,833 more temporary workers in the U.S. than right now . In 2012 there were nearly 700,000 temporary workers in the country .
“ Most of these temporary worker increases are just gratuitous and have no economic justification whatsoever , ” said Jessica Vaughan , director of policy studies for CIS , which pushes for stricter limits to immigration .
The eight senators — four Republicans and four Democrats — who wrote the Senate bill have not offered their own estimates for guest workers or the future flow of new legal permanent immigrants , leaving outside groups to try to make the calculations .
SEE ALSO : Sen. Marco Rubio : Immigration bill does not have votes to pass
CIS says the biggest boosts would come from the 170,000 high-skilled workers that would be let in under the H-1B program and another 155,000 that would be allowed in under free trade agreements the U.S. has signed .
The H-1B increases have already proved to be contentious . When the bill went through the Senate Judiciary Committee the bill 's authors struck a deal with a key Republican , Sen. Orrin G. Hatch , to raise the limits on high-tech workers . That deal earned Mr. Hatch 's support in the committee .
Businesses fought to secure a robust guest-worker program in the bill , while labor unions have pushed back . Several unions said they disappointed at the deal the bill 's authors struck with Mr. Hatch .
Sen. Jeff Sessions , an Alabama Republican who tried in the Judiciary Committee to cap the number of immigrants to be admitted under the Senate bill , called the report “ a bombshell . ”
“ This large increase in guest workers guarantees that Americans ' wages will remain stagnant and that the unemployed will remain unemployed , ” he said . “ This legislation surges the number of low-wage workers at the expense of the poor and middle class . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
On Wednesday , Donald Trump mentioned Weekly Standard neocon and Fox News pundit Bill Kristol and the effort to establish a third party .
Trump said Kristol “ wants the war in Iraq . All the guy wants to do is kill people , go to war and kill people , even though he knows it 's not working , although he does n't know because he 's not smart enough . ”
Kristol was a leading proponent of the invasion and occupation of Iraq . He teamed up with fellow neocon Lawrence Kaplan and wrote The War Over Iraq which predicted a “ two month war , not an eight year war ” in 2003 , weeks before the invasion .
According to Kristol , the Gulf War , the Kosovo War , the War in Afghanistan , and the Iraq War were not invasions , but rather “ liberations. ” The invasion of Iraq alone cost over one million Iraqi lives .
Floundering “ Never Trump ” Campaign
Kristol leads the “ Never Trump ” movement and is attempting to establish a third party and run a candidate to oppose both Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton .
The effort has been plagued by false starts and criticism that it is not realistic this late in the game . Despite this , on Thursday Bloomberg reported remarks by Kristol that failed Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney may head up the new party .
“ The real last chance here is with Mitt Romney , who has said ‘ no ' but who I think is thinking seriously about it , ” Kristol said . “ He is a very serious person , he really knows that Trump should not be president of the United States . He strongly believes that Hillary Clinton should not be president of the United States . ”
The fact the former Massachusetts governor has lost two presidential bids does not concern Kristol .
“ I think a lot of Americans by October after watching Clinton and Trump go at each other could decide that a respectable , serious grown-up person like Mitt Romney could be awfully desirable . The conditions are there . The ballot access stuff is a little challenging but actually manageable , people have overcome those obstacles , so it really comes down to a candidate . ”
Romney 's spokesperson declined to comment on Kristol 's remarks .
Earlier this month , Kristol mulled a name for his party :
I 'd assumed the new party should be called the New Federalist Party or The New Whig Party . But now I 'm thinking , The Renegade Party… — Bill Kristol ( @ BillKristol ) May 17 , 2016
The announcement on Twitter resulted in less than 3,000 “ true conservatives ” ( read : neocons ) following the party .
Shoot Many Robots is a promising side-scrolling shooter , and a title we have been keeping an eye on . The game is scheduled to be released on the 360 , PS3 , and PC as a digital download , and it was just announced that it will be published by Ubisoft . This is not good news for those of us hoping to play the game on the PC . In fact , I tweeted something along those lines yesterday , which rankled Demiurge Studio 's Albert Reed .
`` Hey now , we did Mass Effect PC ! '' he responded . `` Pop quiz : what site called it 'the way the game was meant to be played ? ' '' He has us there , and in fact that quote has been on the official site for Demiurge Studios for a number of years . `` We 'll do it right , or we wo n't do it . I promise , '' he said .
Ubisoft seems to be openly antagonistic towards PC gaming these days , with last-minute delays hitting a number of big-name titles , and chokingly bad DRM forcing you to activate the game every time it 's launched . The last victim was From Dust , a game that suffered all these issues , not to mention a lazy port . To make matters worse , Ubisoft mislead gamers about the nature of the DRM included with the game . It has now been announced the activation requirement will be patched out of the game , which makes sense : a working crack hit the Internet almost as soon as the game was released .
So here we are , with a game being published by a company with a terrible track record for PC releases , and a developer promising us the PC version will be up to snuff . We 'll be sure to check back when the game is released in 2012 .
FINALLY the NRL has acted on a refereeing crisis that was affecting the integrity of the finals series .
The game 's No . 1 referee Gerard Sutton has been relegated to a support role and Gavin Badger dropped altogether as a result of last Friday night 's refereeing debacle at Suncorp Stadium .
The often stubborn refs boss Tony Archer was left with no choice after a performance considered the worst by referees in finals football for 40 years that caused outrage among fans on social media .
media_camera Gerard Sutton has been relegated to pocket referee . Picture : Mark Evans
“ In regards to last Friday 's game , it is my belief that Gerry should have refereed better , ” Archer conceded . “ As a result he did n't retain his position as a lead referee .
“ Following a detailed review of all matches from week one of the finals , the two lead referees for week two matches will be Matt Cecchin and Ben Cummins .
“ It is my view that they were the best performing referees from last weekend . Gerard Sutton and Alan Shortall will be the assisting referees . ”
It was a big move considering Sutton has been the NRL 's pin-up referee for several years .
Still it was one that had to be made because his errors heavily contributed to the Titans losing the game against the Broncos .
media_camera Archer has finally acted on poor refereeing .
His most crucial mistake was allowing a Broncos try in the 51st minute to give the home side a 10-point lead when replays clearly showed centre James Roberts had kicked an opponent in the back in the lead-up to the try .
He also missed Broncos forward Corey Parker headbutting an opponent . There was no penalty but Parker received an official warning letter from the match review committee .
Sutton has refereed grand finals and State of Origins as the game 's number one referee in recent years but will now struggle to get the grand final following his demotion .
media_camera Referee Gavin Badger has been dumped altogether . Picture : Mark Evans
There were fears he would escape being dumped when Archer said over the weekend : “ I 'm very comfortable with how they are handling the games at the moment . ”
The Daily Telegraph understands it required some prodding of Archer from senior NRL management before the decision was made to relegate his main man .
No one deserves his appointment more than Matt ‘ Chicken Legs ' Cecchin for Friday night 's Cowboys-Broncos game in Townsville .
He is considered by many to be the game 's best referee but rarely gets a shot ahead of Sutton and Cummins .
The Alex Mauer Saga continues to unfold ; while we 're on a holding pattern right now with the Imagos Softworks case , the situation surrounding Conatus Creative 's River City Ransom Underground continues .
The last we 'd heard of this situation , Conatus had released a statement saying that they were preparing to change the music in the game after Alex Mauer had taken it down with a DMCA claim . Two major developments happened , though , with River City Ransom Underground returning to Steam in the past 24 hours with the original music and met with fanfare by fans of the game . This means that the game is available again on the largest PC distribution network , although it has continued to be available on GOG ( affiliate ) throughout this ordeal . Conatus had explained in the previous statement that they were wanting to avoid legal action , due to the cost and time involved , which would delay their console ports they are currently doing exploratory work on .
However , not everything is going as well for the team with the second development in the story . After River City Ransom Underground returned to Steam , it appears that it irritated Alex Mauer . According to a report by Sid Alpha , and a tweet from Alex Mauer , she filed multiple copyright strikes on the Conatus Creative YouTube channel with the apparent aim of taking it down , posting when it was taken offline .
This is backed up by the fact that the channel linked in their presskit with the trailer has been taken offline due to filings of copyright infringement and is the one linked to by Alex in the above tweet .
We have reached out to Conatus Creative for more information about this and further confirmation . When we have more information , we will update this post and continue to follow this developing story as it continues to evolve .
Update : Conatus Creative has confirmed to us that their Channel was indeed taken down ( temporarily suspended ) by DMCA claims by Alex Mauer .
Update 2 – August 2nd – The Conatus Creative channel has returned to Youtube and you can find it here .
Additionally , there have been further developments in the Alex Mauer Saga with DMCAs on numerous other videos on other channels . You can read about it here .
Share Has a tip for us ? Awesome ! Shoot us an email at [ email protected ] and we 'll take a look !
Update : 6:20 p.m. EST
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor has issued an order blocking same-sex marriages in Kansas . Sotomayor 's brief order Monday puts on hold on a lower court order allowing same-sex couples to marry in Kansas .
The order calls for a response by the plaintiffs to be filed by 4 p.m. CST on Tuesday . The delay , temporarily preventing issuance of licenses to gay and lesbian couples in Kansas , will remain in effect until there is a further order either by Sotomayor or by the full Court .
The lower court order was set to take effect at 5 p.m. CST Tuesday , so Sotomayor 's stay could still be lifted on Tuesday and marriages could proceed without any additional delay .
Previously : 4:00 p.m. CST
TOPEKA , Kan. — Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to allow the state to continue enforcing its ban on same-sex marriage .
Schmidt 's office filed the request Monday with Justice Sonia Sotomayor , who handles emergency requests from the federal appeals circuit that includes Kansas .
The appeals court rejected a similar request last week .
Schmidt wants the high court to put on hold an injunction last week from U.S. District Judge Daniel Crabtree that prohibits Kansas from enforcing its policies against gay marriage , including a provision of the state Constitution .
Crabtree 's order is due to take effect at 5 p.m. Tuesday .
The judge issued the order in a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union for two lesbian couples denied marriage licenses last month .
© 2014 , Associated Press , All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
This Story Filed Under
A day after the US Senate voted to move ahead a $ 1.15 billion arms sale to Saudi Arabia , General Dynamics — the defense contractor slated to profit from the deal — had a record-setting day on Wall Street , posting its highest closing price ever .
The Obama administration first greenlit the deal , which would see the sale of 130 General Dynamics battle tanks and other combat vehicles to Saudi , last month . A bipartisan group of senators , led by Kentucky Republican Rand Paul and Connecticut Democrat Chris Murphy , had tried to block the sale , citing Saudi Arabia 's dismal human rights record and fears of an destabilizing arms race in the Middle East .
The Senate moved the deal forward Wednesday , in a 71-27 procedural vote . As International Business Times reported , General Dynamics had spent millions of dollars on campaign donations and lobbying ahead of the vote .
On Thursday , a day after the crucial vote , the company 's stock closed higher than ever before : $ 154.86 a share .
General Dynamics did not respond to an IBT request for comment .
General Dynamics has been doing business with Saudi Arabia since the mid 1990s , but its last sale was in 2014 , for just $ 100 million . Over the last few years , the Kingdom has begun to flex its muscles , and build out its arsenal .
Saudi Arabia invaded Yemen in March 2015 , aiming to reinstall the country 's ousted president , a strong Saudi ally . The military campaign — which relies on American-made weapons and close Pentagon logistical support — has been criticized by human rights groups for indiscriminately targeting civilians .
The war has increased Saudi demand for American arms including General Dynamics tanks and combat vehicles . While it 's not clear how exactly General Dynamics vehicles are being deployed in the Yemen conflict , online videos show the Saudi military 's tanks exploding in combat near the Saudi-Yemeni border .
In August , when Saudi Arabia requested the 153 additional vehicles , the Pentagon revealed that 20 of those tanks would “ battle damage replacement ” — meaning that Saudi Arabia needed to replenish its supply .
The increased demand seems to be having a salutary effect on General Dynamics Wall Street performance : Since the Saudi campaign began in March 2015 , the weapons manufacturer 's stock price has ticked up about 13 % .
Ronaldo wants to carry on at Real Madrid , but first he wants to clear up a few matters concerning next season 's team .
PSG , and more importantly , Al Khelaifi 's millions are knocking on his door . For now , the Portuguese is n't answering , as he is more interested in projects than money .
Ronaldo 's allegiance to Real Madrid has some caveats . He wants to know more details regarding the club 's sporting project and has said as much to Florentino Pérez . Once he has been provided with all the necessary information , he will make a decision .
The player 's talk with the president was meant as a step forward in the forming of the team for next season , not as the first move to bump up his salary . The Portuguese ace has always had enough bargaining ammunition in his hands and could have knocked on Florentino 's door more or less at any time these past years with various offer from other clubs .
Summer after summer , clubs have wanted to sound him out , especially PSG , who want to be more than just champions in their own league and to do so need to bring in players of CR7 's calibre .
Al Khelaifi has been fighting with UEFA for two years , trying to buy in players despite the spending cap that has been imposed on him for having broken the FFP regulations laid down by Platini . The Qatari businessman is doing all he can to give his PSG a boost and has happily confirmed that he would n't think twice about forking out €125 million to have Ronaldo playing for him .
Florentino Pérez , meanwhile , naturally does n't want Ronaldo to go . At the Bernabéu they believe that the Portuguese player still has two spectacular seasons left in him , but do n't want to force him to stay . The only man that has been locked down is Bale .
Ronaldo knows that Real Madrid history and legend awaits him . He would love to break Raúl 's record as the club 's most prolific goalscorer , but first he wants to set the scene upon which to achieve it – one that at present does not exist .
Of course , PSG are n't the only club involved in this hypothetical free-for-all to win the player 's services . There is a whole queue of clubs who would die to see him wearing their shirt . However , the French set-up is the only one that can cough up €300 million for him .
Manchester United offer the player pedigree and nostalgia , but Ronaldo remains largely unimpressed . In the next few days , he will clear up any doubts that he may have about his future . He believes in the Real Madrid cause , but wants the assurance that he will have the necessary team to make it all work for him .
Craig Ruttle/AP
Many of Bernie Sanders ' Oregon delegates to the national convention have complained they are being treated unfairly by the state party , and they said they want tighter control over the delegation .
Bernie Sanders handily defeated Hillary Clinton in Oregon 's May primary . But many of his supporters believe party regulars ran over them after delegates were chosen a month later .
Sanders delegates said Thursday that at least 19 of them will file an official challenge to the way state party officials ran a meeting that selected the leadership of the delegation to the Democratic convention in Philadelphia .
Sanders supporters have raised complaints in a number of states , saying the party establishment is biased against them and has been showing unfair favoritism toward Hillary Clinton , the party 's presumptive nominee . The complaints from grassroots Sanders delegates indicate they are n't ready to quietly attend the Philadelphia convention and cheer Clinton on when she becomes the party 's nominee .
Three Sanders delegates from Oregon — Abby Collins of Portland , Jeremy Likens of Cornelius and Lisa Ortiz of Lake Oswego — said in a joint interview with OPB that they believe a Sanders supporter should lead the delegation in Philadelphia .
Instead , Sen. Jeff Merkley was chosen to co-chair the delegation with Sen. Ron Wyden . Merkley endorsed Sanders , while Wyden backs Clinton .
Likens said the chairmanship role is often ceremonial , but that might not be the case in Philadelphia when Sanders delegates will be pushing to change the party platform .
“ So , it actually matters who are the delegation chair , ” he said . “ We want to get our issues heard and make sure we 're well-represented . ”
Likens added : “ The point is we are just not going to lay down when things are done improperly . ”
The three Sanders delegates said the party has 10 days to respond to their challenge , which they will file Friday . If the state party wo n't agree to a new election for delegation chair , they said they will take it to the credentials committee that will meet in advance of the convention .
Party leaders did not immediately comment on the complaint .
However , several party leaders have privately dismissed the complaints , saying they did n't see any problems in the way the chairman selection meeting was run . They have also noted that Merkley wanted to co-chair the delegation with Wyden , and that a majority of the delegates voted in favor of that arrangement .
However , Likens , Collins and Ortiz counter that many Sanders delegates were new to the process and were n't given time to plot strategy .
All told , Sanders has 36 pledged delegates from Oregon , while Clinton has 25 . Another 13 elected and party leaders are superdelegates who can vote however they want .
The Sanders delegates said Merkley held a conference call with them Wednesday evening to discuss their complaints .
Photo : Ian Gavan/Getty Images
The travails of the certainly cursed project Jane Got A Gun are the stuff of Hollywood legend by now . Except unlike the tales from a production disaster like The Misfits , there 's no great movie to show for it ( yet ) . As you 'll remember , a slew of leading actors came and left , including Jude Law , Michael Fassbender , and Bradley Cooper . The Hollywood Reporter reports that the Scottish filmmaker Lynne Ramsay was paid $ 750,000 to rework the script and direct , but on the day shooting was set to start , she was nowhere to be found . Now she and the film 's producers will get a chance to hash things out in a courtroom .
The producers filed a lawsuit against Ramsay in federal court in New Mexico this week , alleging that she “ was repeatedly under the influence of alcohol , was abusive to members of the cast and crew and was generally disruptive. ” They 're asking that she pay back her salary , along with punitive damages for fraud and breach of contract .
As for the film , Ewan McGregor has taken over the role formerly held by Fassbender , Law , and Cooper , and Gavin O'Connor has stepped in to direct . It 'd be nice to say Natalie Portman 's western is back on track but you really never know with this one .
As promised , a paralyzed man did indeed kick off today 's World Cup festivities by wearing a mind-controlled robotic exoskeleton . Juliana Pinto , a 29-year-old paraplegic , was one of eight patients chosen for the opening ceremony after extensive training in a lab in São Paulo . Dr. Miguel Nicolelis , a neuroscientist from Duke University who 's the leader of the Walk Again Project , was ecstatic , proclaiming on Twitter `` We did it ! ! ! '' Though the kick , as you can see above , was just a simple nudge to the ball , it 's actually extremely complicated . Nicolelis told the AFP news agency that it 's `` the first time an exoskeleton has been controlled by brain activity and offered feedback to the patients , '' and that `` doing a demonstration in a stadium '' has never been done before . Unfortunately , it seems this momentous occasion was n't captured on as many television networks as the rest of the opening ceremony , which strikes us as a crying shame . Hit the source links for more information on this miraculous innovation and have a peek at a fan-captured video of the event after the break .
( Reuters ) - More than 9.2 million U.S. consumers signed up for health insurance using the Healthcare.gov website during the open enrollment period between November and Jan. 31 , the U.S. government said on Friday .
An insurance store advertises Obamacare in San Ysidro , California , U.S. , January 25 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mike Blake
Enrollment was down from 9.7 million a year ago but the decline was smaller than some had predicted amid President Donald Trump 's push to overturn former President Barack Obama 's signature healthcare reform under which the plans are sold .
With several insurers pulling out over rising costs , and Republican congressional efforts to scuttle the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) , known as Obamacare , the enrollment period was seen as a test of the program 's popularity . HealthCare.gov sells health insurance under the ACA for 39 states . The remaining states run their own exchanges . The total number of plan selections across all states for the entire open enrollment period will be released in March .
Average premiums for the second-lowest cost silver plan rose 25 percent compared with the previous year . At the same time the number of insurance providers choosing to participate in the exchanges fell by 28 percent .
Of the 9.2 million , about 3 million were new consumers while 6.2 million were returning consumers . The figures include any cancellations that occurred during the period .
Trump 's surprise victory in early November as the enrollment period got underway created serious doubts about whether people would sign up for the insurance program .
A move by the Trump administration to pull television ads reminding consumers that the enrollment deadline was approaching likely contributed to the dropoff .
“ This may have cost about 500,000 additional enrollments , ” said Ron Pollack , executive director of healthcare consumer advocacy group Families USA , in a statement , calling the move an “ attempt to sabotage enrollment . ”
“ And despite all that , millions of consumers still got their insurance through the ACA , ” Pollack said .
Meanwhile , Republican efforts to repeal the healthcare law have stumbled over an inability so far to come up with a comprehensive replacement plan .
Republican Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee this week said changes to the law would be made in “ chunks ” and would be better labeled a “ repair . ”
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Kelechi Iheanacho will focus on forcing his way into Pep Guardiola 's Manchester City team after the Blues decided not to let the player go to the Olympic Games .
The 19-year-old striker was invited to join the Nigeria squad for the Rio games , with the football tournament starting in August .
But City were under no obligation to release him , and with Guardiola taking the reins on July 1 , he asked that every available player should take part in pre-season .
With players who progress in Euro 2016 and the Copa America already due to arrive back late , the Blues are keen to have as much as possible of their squad fully fit .
City are understood to have spoken extensively with Iheanacho , who is on holiday in Nigeria .
He wanted to represent his country , but is said to have fully understood City 's position , and is also aware of the need to show Guardiola what he can do .
With new players due to join the squad – Nolito and Leroy Sané remain strong possibilities – Iheanacho recognised the importance of being in the squad from the start .
The Olympic tournament , which is for Under-23 players , starts on August 3 , which would mean Iheanacho missing a big chunk of pre-season as well as the summer tour of China .
If they progress from their group , Iheanacho would have been away for the start of the Premier League season .
And if they reached the medal positions – and Nigeria won silver in 2008 – he would miss at last the first leg of the Blues ' Champions League play-off .
Has Kelechi taken the right decision ? Have your say below
Your rights and the Gardaí
Your rights when stopped , when arrested , when searched and when detained .
Share this article -
All people in Ireland have certain rights when it comes to contact with the Gardaí . These rights apply to all people , young or old ; however young people and certain other groups may have additional or slightly different rights .
In this article
Your rights when stopped by the Gardai
A member of the Gardaí can ask any member of the public to stop at any time . You may be legally bound to stop if the Garda believes that you have committed an offence/are committing an offence under the Offences Against the State Acts or if the Garda wishes to check the tax and insurance on your car .
If the Garda is not wearing their uniform , they must show you identification if you ask them .
You may need to give your name and address . If you refuse to do so , you could be arrested .
If the Garda asks you to go to the station with them , you should ask if you are under arrest . If you are under arrest , you must go with them . Fighting it will only add another charge to your case , such as resisting arrest . If you are not under arrest , you do not have to go to the station .
The Gardaí have the right to take you into custody if they believe that you are suffering with mental ill health and could harm yourself or others as a result .
Your rights when placed under arrest
In Ireland , a Garda does not need an arrest warrant to arrest you in many circumstances , such as : an offence under the Road Traffic Acts , an offence under the Public Order Act or if you seem to be committing a serious offence .
The Gardaí can enter your home to arrest you for an offence with a penalty of at least five years in prison .
In order to be arrested , the Gardaí must have a reasonable suspicion ( this is a specific legal term ) that you have broken the law . You ca n't be arrested just because they believe you could help with another criminal investigation , unless the criminal investigation is to do with an offence under The Offences Against The State Act .
You have the right to be told very clearly that you are under arrest and the reason for your arrest .
As mentioned above , it is best not to resist arrest , even if you think you are being wrongfully arrested . Resisting arrest is a crime in itself .
Gardaí may use reasonable force to arrest you . However , if excessive force or physicality is used , the arresting Garda can be sued for assault . You can also take a case to the Garda Ombudsman .
You can be arrested a few times if the Gardaí wish to re-question you about a specific offence , if there have been recent developments in the investigation or if they wish to formally charge you .
If you are charged with a crime , it will be written down on a charge sheet . This sheet details the offences you have been charged with and a Garda will read it out to you .
You do not always have to be charged to be prosecuted by the Gardaí ; you may instead receive a summons to court .
The length of time you can be held without being arrested depends on the alleged offence you are being questioned about . Click here for further information on detention times .
Your rights when searched
A Garda may search you if they have a reasonable suspicion that you have committed a crime . In such a case , you can be searched without your consent .
A member of the same sex must search you if the search consists of more than a pat down over your clothes . Often , a member of the same sex will perform a pat down though .
Customs officers have the legal right to search you . Some employers may also have the right to search you if it is written into your contract . However , security personnel never have the right to search you .
The Gardaí have the right to search your car or any car you are a passenger in if they have a reasonable suspicion that you have committed/are about to commit a certain crime or that you have drugs on you or in the car .
You can be searched at home , at work , on the street or in a Garda station .
A Garda generally needs a warrant to enter your home to search , but they can occasionally enter your home if they are chasing you and you have escaped to your house , or if they have come to arrest someone in your home .
A Garda must meet certain conditions when searching your home :
They must tell you why they are searching .
They are entitled to take any items that could be used for the case .
They can not tell you to remain in a certain room or segment of the house unless you are under arrest .
The Gardaí are entitled to look at your computer and even take it away if necessary .
You can not try to prevent the Gardaí from entering your home ; doing so could cause you to be charged with a crime such as obstructing the course of justice .
Your rights at the Garda station
Your time in custody will be recorded on what is called a custody record . This details the reason for your arrest and the time at which you arrived , as well as your personal details . It should also include a record of solicitor or doctor visits and of any food you were given .
Every Garda station has a 'member in charge ' . This person is responsible for ensuring that all procedures and laws are followed regarding your care . If there is an issue , you can ask to speak to them .
You have the right to speak to a solicitor immediately . You also have the right to request medical attention and to get your regular prescriptions .
A member of your family must be told that you are being kept at the Garda Station . You may also be entitled to one visit from someone , as long as the Gardaí do not think it will interfere with the investigation .
You have the right to be served at least two light meals and one main meal during any 24-hour period of time .
You are entitled to sleep for eight hours between midnight and 8 a.m. ; however this may not count towards your total detention time and you may be kept longer than if you had n't slept .
Your rights if you are under 18 years of age
You can be charged if you are under 18 . However , the Gardaí must follow certain procedures when dealing with young people .
The Gardaí must inform your guardian or parents that you are in custody , the reason for this and that you have the right to a solicitor . They must tell your parents/guardian to come to the station as soon as possible .
You can not be questioned by the Gardaí without your parents or guardian being present . The only exceptions to this are : if the Gardaí can not contact your parents/guardian ; if your parents/guardian can not come to the station in a reasonable amount of time ; if the Gardaí believe that you , other people or your property are at risk if questioning is delayed ; if the Gardaí believe that your parents/guardian are involved in the offence or that your parents/guardian may cause an obstruction of justice .
If Gardaí decide to interview you without your parents/guardian present , they must try to get another relative or responsible adult to be present at the interview . Often , this is the local peace commissioner .
The Gardaí must do their best to ensure that you are not detained with people over the age of 18 , unless there is no other facility available .
Your rights and disabilities
If you have a disability , you must be treated similarly to a person under the age of 18 .
If you have a hearing disability , you can not be questioned without an interpreter being present unless you sign away this right . If you can not get access to an interpreter , you must be questioned in writing .
You have the right to an interpreter if you can not understand what is happening .
Your rights as a foreign national
You have the same rights as Irish citizens regarding your treatment and the right to contact a solicitor . You also have the right to contact your embassy .
Under the Immigration Act 1999 , you can be arrested and detained without a warrant .
You have the right to an interpreter if you can not understand English or have general difficulties understanding what is happening .
Your rights during protests
All people living in Ireland are entitled to free speech under the constitution . You also have the right to freedom of assembly . This means that you are legally entitled to organise or take part in marches or protests .
You have the right to get together with other people unless you are trespassing on private land or are violent .
The Gardaí can film and photograph you during a protest . However they must comply with data protection laws .
Gardaí should not physically touch you unless they are protecting other people , defending themselves or arresting you .
Your rights and the Criminal Justice ( Public Order ) Act
Offences under this order include : public drunkenness , threatening or abusive behaviour in a public place , distributing abusive or obscene material in a public place , disorderly contact in public , failing to comply with Garda orders ( i.e . ignoring a Garda 's order to move off the street and go home ) , trespassing , obstruction of vehicles or people , rioting , assault or obstruction of a peace officer or medical personnel , and failure to give your name and address to a Garda .
If a Garda believes that you have alcohol or drugs on you , they have the legal right to ask you to leave the area , to confiscate the drugs/alcohol or to question you about what you are carrying .
A Garda does not need a warrant to arrest you for most of the above listed offences .
Your rights when interviewed by the Gardaí
You have the right to speak to a solicitor without any Gardaí being in the room . You also have the right to ask to speak to your solicitor if you feel you need legal advice in the middle of the interview . However , in Ireland you do not have the right to have your solicitor present during questioning .
If your income is below a certain limit you may qualify for a solicitor from the Legal Aid Board .
Only two Gardaí may interview you and there can not be more than four Gardaí in the room at any time .
Each interview can not last longer than four hours .
You have the right to remain silent . However , your silence may be used against you in court . Sometimes , your silence may be used as proof of guilt in court .
The Gardaí will record your interview by writing it down . They will then read it back to you at the end of the interview in order to check its accuracy . The Gardaí should also video the interview ; however they do not have to do this if it is impractical to do so . You can only get access to the tape if you are prosecuted and then apply to the court to view it .
You should only sign a statement made to the Gardaí once you have talked it over with your solicitor .
Your rights and identification parades
You do n't have to take part in an identification parade ( known as a `` line up '' ) . However , if you do not agree to take part , the Gardaí may hold an informal parade instead and this does not have as many legal safety nets as a formal parade . Also , your refusal to take part in an identification parade could be used against you in court .
You should be clearly told that you have the right to refuse to take part and that you also have the right to have your solicitor there .
There should be at least eight other people of similar appearance , build and clothing as you in the parade . You and/or your solicitor have the right to object to any of the members of the parade and these objections should be recorded .
Your rights and biological samples
Your photograph and fingerprints can be taken without your consent if you are being detained at a Garda station . The Gardaí can keep these for as long as they wish to . However , you can ask the Garda Commissioner to have them destroyed if you have not been charged , have been tried and found not guilty , or if the case has been dropped .
Saliva , hair ( not pubic hair ) , nail clippings , footprints and body swabs from anywhere aside from your genitals and/or anus can all be taken without your consent .
Blood , urine , pubic hair samples , dental impressions and genital or anal swabs can only be taken with your consent .
A Superintendent must authorise the collection of these samples . They must have a reasonable suspicion that you are involved in the offence for which you are being detained .
Refusing to give samples could be used against you in court .
You can not refuse to give breath , urine or blood samples if a Garda suspects you of drunk driving . Refusing in such a case is actually a crime .
If a driver is involved in a crash , the Gardai have the power to take a blood sample from the driver , to test for drugs . If the driver refuses to give the sample , this is considered an offence , and will result in penalties , including a driving ban .
The Gardaí must destroy the samples after twelve months , if you have been found not guilty or if the case has been dropped .
SAGINAW , MI -- Eighteen people from three states were arraigned Tuesday afternoon , March 21 , on accusations they violated the state 's medical marijuana law .
The sound of jail chains clinking against wood pews filled the courtroom as the Spanish translator motioned 18 people charged with marijuana distribution to be seated for their arraignment Tuesday , March 21 .
They range in age from 21 to 58 but all face the same amount of time in prison if convicted : 15 years .
In total , 19 people , including one arraigned earlier Tuesday without the translator , were arrested in a series of eight house raids across Saginaw County and one in Flint Township on St. Patrick 's Day , March 17 .
The names , ages and areas of residence of those arraigned are as follows :
Orestes J. Rodriguez , 39 , Saginaw area
Yoan Luis Roque-Caballero , 31 , Saginaw area
Alfonso Valdes Yadian , 32 , Miami , Florida
Isbel Encarnacion Romero , 34 , Saginaw area
Obet Angel Santana-Garcia , 26 , Saginaw area
Anay Milan-Pupo , 26 , Saginaw area
Erlen Bosch , 34 , Miami , Florida
Orlando Granados , 58 , Miami , Florida
Denis Alvarez-Diaz , 33 , Flint Township
Teddy Lazaro Ruiz-Rojas , 42 , Saginaw area
Arabel Machado-Pedraza , 40 , Saginaw area
Michel Fonseca Alvarez , 47 , Miami , Florida
Lizandra Garcia-Jimenez , 29 , Saginaw area
Pedro Yasser-Alvarez Perez , 34 , Miami , Florida
Adalbento Santana Rodriguez , 42 , Saginaw area
Aliria De-La-Caridad Garcia , 44 , Saginaw area
Daniel Guillen-Mendez , 46 , Saginaw area
Eduardo Gil , 46 , Colorado
Odelin Santana-Garcia , 21 , Saginaw area
Officials say the group was abusing the state 's medical marijuana law .
It 's alleged the group of 19 , along with two others with outstanding warrants , conspired to sell more than 100 pounds of marijuana and were growing numerous plants , said Assistant Saginaw County Prosecutor Chris Boyd .
While undisclosed federal agencies are looking into the citizenship and immigration status of those charged , the marijuana they allegedly grew or sold was homegrown , Boyd said .
`` As far as I know , everything was being produced locally for sale locally , '' Boyd said .
The marijuana grown and distributed is suspected to have been furnished by some of those accused being caregivers or patients of medical marijuana , Boyd said .
Medical marijuana is legal under Michigan law , but there are limitations to what one can do , and Boyd said the group transgressed that .
`` We 're alleging they violated those ( state medical marijuana ) statutes and violated them substantially , '' Boyd said . `` If you have that card to only service five people , you ca n't service 10 , and that 's what this is all going to come down to . ''
The whole group is charged with one count of manufacturing or distributing more than 45 kilograms of marijuana or more than 200 plants and one count of conspiracy to commit that crime .
Both are felonies punishable by up to 15 years in prison .
A guilty plea or conviction on such a charge could have consequences on the suspect 's immigration status , such as deportation , District Judge M. Randall Jurrens told the group during the arraignment .
`` Would they deport us before we were condemned or afterwards ? '' one man asked through the use of the Spanish translator .
It 's not clear how many , if any , of those accused are not U.S. citizens . It 's `` definitely suspected at this point '' that some are n't , Boyd said .
It 's possible the federal government will prosecute those in violation of immigration law in a parallel court case , Boyd said .
Boyd said he 's been in discussion with agencies of the federal government on a regular basis but did not specify which ones .
As far as Saginaw County prosecuting any violators , that 's not their jurisdiction , Boyd said .
`` We do n't prosecute federal crimes and whether they 're in violation of federal statutes , '' he said .
Jurrens set the bond for all 18 arraigned Tuesday afternoon at $ 1,000,000 . The man arraigned earlier in the day also had a $ 1,000,000 bond but was released on tether .
The group is due back in court for a preliminary examination on April 4 before District Judge David Hoffman .
The United States has confirmed it is to withhold deliveries of tanks , helicopters and fighter aircraft as well as cash from Egypt 's military-backed government .
The decision will slash the US 's annual $ 1.3bn aid package to Egypt with only education and health projects continuing to receive support .
White House Press Secretary Jay Carney , implied the Obama administration had been considering its position for some time regarding Cairo 's stance on democracy : “ The president was also clear , and has been clear , that we are not able to continue with business as usual , and as you know , we have already announced that we are not proceeding with the delivery of certain military systems . ”
Washington 's unease has grown since the ousting of democratically elected President Mohammed Mursi and the subsequent violent crackdown on his supporters .
Hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood members were killed by security forces in the weeks after Mursi was forcibly removed from office .
Egypt 's military-backed government is to put him on trial next month .
Image caption Members of the hacker group have warned of continued attacks against Orlando-related websites
The hacker group Anonymous has taken down a US tourism website in Orlando , Florida as a protest against the arrests of people handing out food to the city 's homeless .
Anonymous said the attack on orlandofloridaguide.com was retaliation for the arrest of members of the group Food not Bombs .
The website , which is not owned by the city , went offline for part of Tuesday .
Anonymous rose to prominence by hacking the sites of major corporations .
Anonymous is often seen as a political collective and has pledged to take action against those its members view as acting improperly .
They have been linked to several high-profile web attacks , including several on Sony websites as well as the Church of Scientology .
'Balance of needs '
Anonymous has warned that more attacks could follow as part of what it has dubbed `` Operation Orlando '' .
In a news release , the hacker group promised to carry out a distributed denial of service attack ( DDoS ) on a separate Orlando-related website every day until the arrests come to an end , choosing orlandofloridaguide.com as its first target .
The collective also said it will email millions of people across the world asking them to boycott the destination .
`` This is a declaration of war , '' said Anonymous , describing Operation Orlando .
`` Anonymous will now begin a massive campaign against you and your city web assets , '' it added in a message directed at Orlando officials .
But orlandofloridaguide.com , which went offline for several hours on Tuesday , has no affiliation to the city , an Orlando spokesperson told the BBC .
`` I do n't know what the hackers ' intentions are , but from the city 's standpoint , we 're just trying to balance everyone 's needs , '' the spokesperson said .
'Difficult position '
The row between the city of Orlando and the non-profit organisation Food Not Bombs started when the group began feeding homeless people in a park in the city 's downtown .
They did not obtain a permit to do so , a move which is required by law in Orlando .
Since then members of Food Not Bombs , including the group 's president , Keith Mchenry , have been arrested several times in the past month for handing out meals .
`` We 're in a difficult position , and we 've tried everything , '' the Orlando spokesperson said .
`` If Food Not Bombs continues to violate the ordinance , they will be subject to the consequences of violating it , which is arrest . ''
Meanwhile , Food Not Bombs has said it has no affiliation with the Anonymous hacker group .
Spanish police arrested three suspected members of the Anonymous group earlier this month .
In this post on Graceless Failures , John Kalucki points out that Scala 's RichString and Java 's String are completely uncomparable . Neither the == operator nor the equals method return correct equality when comparing RichInt with Integer either . Kalucki 's conclusion is to avoid RichStrings when possible , and coerce any back to String as soon as possible . I 've bumped into this sort of thing a bit too often when writing Scala , and find it frustrating . The extensions to basic classes done in Scala work against the powerful typing system in my opinion , and the result is impedence rather than clarity .
At the time of this writing the only reply is from Martin Odersky , stating that this problem is going to be solved in version 2.8.0 . I find it interesting that he views this as a language level problem . To a degree , it obviously is . If the language did something that made Java primitive boxing classes and Scala Rich primitives directly comparable , the problem would be solved .
This neglects the correct tool for the job , something that Scala design tends to do because of its focus on language level solutions . To me , the reliance on Java types implies a lack of appropriate Scala libraries and Scala library wrappers . One of the advantages of Scala is living in the Java ecosystem , but since Scala has its own idiomatic styles , we 're generally better off wrapping Java libraries in Scala code so that they appear to the user as Scala styled libraries . This might seem like a waste of time and effort , but the upshot is worth it . The client code becomes cleaner , more Scala-like and easier to read since it does n't expend noise on working around Java/Scala integration issues .
However , as Martin Odersky 's comment implies , the Scala research team intends to continue playing whack-a-mole with language design to make Java and Scala completely interoperable ( or something ) . This is natural , solving these problems at a language level is much more interesting than writing libraries and wrapper APIs . But that does n't mean it 's more useful . And while the Rich primitives are one example of such a problem , it 's far from the only one . The Scala collections library is horrendously incompatible with the Java collections , and with good reason . I would never want an implicit conversion to change the semantics of my underlying types ! RichStrings and Strings may be semantically alike , but a Scala immutable Set and a Java Set are not . ( Yes , I could make the Java Set immutable , but I 've yet to encounter the Java library that returns immutable collections . )
If Scala is to gain more mainstream adoption , development on libraries and frameworks needs to be the next big push , not further language improvements . This is , I guess , the disadvantage of a research institution driving development . We can rely on the EPFL continuing to work on and maintain Scala , but unlike a business value oriented company like Sun , we ca n't rely on them taking on tasks without research value . This is n't a completely bleak situation though , since this is open sourced software , the Scala community can take action and make the necessary push . Scala needs its own ecosystem . In the long run we just ca n't rely on the Java ecosystem , because there 's too much cognitive dissonance going on .
The Inmates Are Running the Asylum
The recent unrest in parts of the Arab world has not only exposed the appalling lack of development in these countries , but also a number of fundamental deficiencies in the international system . The United Nations , which began its life with a plurality of democratic nations , now allows for an automatic majority of nondemocratic nations . The international system dictates that Arab and Islamic nations , and their knee-jerk defenders , have a majority in almost all of its bodies . This is amply demonstrated by the disproportionate amount of time spent condemning Israel .
If there were ever an example of the inmates running the asylum , it is the U.N. Human Rights Council . This body has whitewashed the human rights record of some of the world 's most repressive regimes , while also providing them with a forum to ruminate on and condemn the actions of a free and open nation , Israel .
The Libyan regime , which is currently massacring its citizens in a desperate bid to remain in power , successfully sought a place on the Human Rights Council only last year . U.N. General Assembly Resolution 60/251 , which created the council , stated that when electing members of the council , U.N. member states `` shall take into account the contribution of candidates to the promotion and protection of human rights . '' Only through an Orwellian flight of fancy could Libya 's contribution to the promotion and protection of human rights ever have been considered positive . Recent events have made it more akin to a sick joke .
Nevertheless , in a secret ballot , 155 states voted in favor of granting Libya a coveted place on the council . These votes were given to a country that was known to be involved in extrajudicial and summary executions , brutal torture , and aiding and abetting international terrorism .
Even now , the United Nations has dithered on its responsibility to the Libyan people . It only recently decided to suspend the Libyan delegation from the council , after many days and hundreds of Libyans murdered . Even the Arab League moved quicker than the United Nations to suspend Libya in light of the violence meted out by Muammar al-Qaddafi and his regime .
Until recent events shook the Qaddafi regime 's grip on power , the Human Rights Council had proved more than willing to overlook its egregious human rights abuses . The council recently released a lengthy report partly praising Libya 's human rights record , with many on the council commending the Libyan regime for such things as its `` democracy '' and `` the importance that the country attached to human rights . '' What a joke .
The recent human rights outrages in Libya are only the latest example of how repressive dictatorships have perverted the mission of this ostensibly august body . The international human rights organization Freedom House 's September 2010 `` report card '' on the council found that its `` membership has become increasingly populated by authoritarian countries '' — including Saudi Arabia and Cuba — and `` continues to earn failing grades on its ability to respond to the world 's most pressing human rights issues . ''
The report further lambasted the council for its `` disproportionate focus on Israel '' and for becoming `` appallingly politicized and dominated by some of the world 's most aggressive opponents of universal standards on human rights . ''
Indeed , Qaddafi 's regime is far from the first repressive autocracy to serve on the Human Rights Council . In fact , the majority of nations currently sitting on the council are not even considered `` free '' by Freedom House 's extensive and detailed ranking system . Israel , on the other hand , is consistently rated as `` free . ''
Many government officials and commentators have questioned Israel 's noncompliance with the Human Rights Council , particularly in its inquiries into our defensive operations . These have included the infamous Goldstone Commission and the so-called `` independent international fact-finding mission on the incident of the humanitarian flotilla , '' which examined Israel 's attempt to prevent a breaking of its legal sea blockade by hostile and violent activists .
In light of recent events and the wretched human rights record of many of the council 's members , it should be considered a badge of honor to be condemned by such a body . If Qaddafi is the judge of what constitutes respect for human rights , then consider us — and all democracies — guilty .
The people of our region are speaking in great numbers about the need for freedom , transparency , and accountability . Too many countries in the world have allowed political or financial expediency to color their judgment on international cooperation . It is time that all decent nations advance policies to coincide with a just human rights agenda , rather than being caught in embarrassing collusion with murderous dictators .
The U.N. Human Rights Council has once again proved itself outside the evolution and progress of history . The people of our region deserve better — and are hopefully slowly moving the Middle East to a better place . Let 's hope the council does not continue to serve as a barrier to their hopes and expectations .
The champion Green Bay Packers have the most passionate fans in the National Football League . The team that creates the least excitement ? The New York Jets .
How do we know this ? Take a look at the table below .
It compares the popularity ( national and local television ratings , traffic the teams ' official websites draw and how many times they were mentioned on the Internet ) of each team with with its metro area population ( the New York teams had their metro areas cut in half for this calculation because they share the same market , as did the Oakland and San Francisco teams for the same reason ) . Both the popularity and metro areas were indexed with 100 representing the largest figure , and then the popularity index was divided by the metro index . The higher the ratio , the more rabid a team 's fan base .
The popularity figures come courtesy of a Wall Street Journal article that was published long before the Packers won their fourth Super Bowl . But like the Pittsburgh Steelers , the only team with six Lombardi Trophies , the Packers are a national brand despite playing in small market . The Dallas Cowboys are the most popular team in the league ( note score of 100 ) , but are ranked 14 overall as a result of playing in the third largest market .
The White House budget office launched USASpending.gov in 2007 to track federal spending after scores of lawmakers , including then-Sen. Barack Obama , successfully pushed through a bipartisan bill to ensure greater transparency with the funding .
At last check , less than 8 percent of the site 's spending information was accurate , and federal agencies had failed to report nearly $ 620 billion in grants , loans and other forms of assistance awards , according to a recent report from Congress 's nonpartisan Government Accountability Office .
The Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 , sponsored by Sen. Tom Coburn ( R-Okla. ) and signed into law by President George W. Bush , required the Office of Management and Budget to set up a Web site with data on federal awards and develop guidance on reporting requirements . President Obama later set a goal of 100 percent accuracy by the end of 2011 .
But the legislation is not working as well as lawmakers and the administration had hoped . The GAO said a review of the 2012 data found “ significant underreporting of awards and few that contained information that was fully consistent with the information in agency records . ”
The findings drew criticism from members of the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee , including Coburn , the panel 's ranking Republican .
Coburn said the reporting problems hinder Congress 's ability to determine the pros and cons of spending decisions. ” It is disappointing that the federal bureaucracy is so vast and unaccountable that the administration can not enact the president 's signature accomplishment as a senator requiring the government to disclose how and where it spends money , ” he said in a statement on Monday .
Coburn used the GAO findings to tout legislation the House and Senate passed this year to require more-detailed reporting on federal spending . The bill , known as the DATA Act , was sponsored by Sen. Mark Warner ( D-Va. ) , but it was molded after a similar measure in 2011 from Reps. Darrell Issa ( R-Calif. ) and Elijah Cummings ( D-Md . ) .
Sen. Tom Carper ( D-Del . ) , who heads the Senate committee , said Congress needs better spending data to make informed decisions .
“ This latest GAO report underscores the federal government 's ongoing challenges when it comes to showing the American people how their tax dollars are being used , at what cost and with what result , ” Carper said in a statement on Monday . “ That 's why efforts like the DATA act are so important . ”
OMB spokesman Jamal Brown said in a statement on Monday that the agency is committed to federal spending transparency and working with agencies to “ improve the completeness and accuracy of data submissions to USAspending.gov . ”
The GAO recommended that OMB develops a more-comprehensive oversight process for reporting information to the Web site and provide more-specific guidance on how agencies should validate their data .
OMB said in its response that it generally agrees with the suggestions , adding that the DATA Act already requires many of the recommended actions . The agency said it will work with the Treasury Department to consider interim steps that could improve data quality without interfering with its efforts to comply with the new law .
Today the Korean media is abuzz with reports , allegedly from Samsung execs during closed-door MWC meetings , that the Koreans are going to spice it up with a premium portfolio of flagships , dubbed Project F indeed , and the souped-up S5 will be its first member . The chassis of this one is said to be with premium metallic materials , the Quad HD screen and Exynos processor are bandied about , and even the camera is said to sport optical image stabilization , unlike the one on the `` regular '' S5 . The issue has been procuring those rare parts for the tens of millions of units each Samsung flagship moves , so the company apparently decided to slap them together into a pricier , more exclusive version , that wo n't sell as many pieces .
Couple these reports with the renowned tipsters Eldar Murtazin and Ricciolo , who both tweet that the `` Prime '' or `` Luxury '' S5 is still in play , and we might start thinking that where there 's smoke , there 's fire . Provided that Samsung decides to go ahead with those alleged plans in any way , that is . Ricciolo even says that Samsung will wait for the announcement of the HTC One 2 flagship next month , and will have the last word for the season with a metallic S5 , stuffed with top-shelf components .
Two months from now peg the announcement for the April - May timeframe , and today 's reports that the current Galaxy S5 might be launched at a cheaper price than the competition , or than the S4 at launch , only pour more water in that mysterious `` luxury '' F series rumor mill . It 's just that Samsung is unlikely to indeed call it `` F '' series , as LG already has one , but rather only uses that as a codename , just like the S5 was known as `` Project K '' . Who knows , `` F '' might indeed stand for fashion , so we ca n't wait for the actual leaks to pour in , and especially the eventual price .
Rumors that the Galaxy S5 , which Samsung just announced , wo n't be the last flagship from the company this season , are circulating like bees around honey today . The eventual metal-clad S5 Premium version is speculated to arrive in two months , after the HTC One 2 gets announced , and be part of a new high-end line of Samsung .
There is a `` plain as day '' link between migration and terrorism , Hungary 's Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Thursday , according to Reuters .
`` It is clear as two and two makes four , it is plain as day . There is an obvious connection , '' Orban said following a meeting in Warsaw of the Visegrad Four group of central European leaders .
`` If somebody denies this connection then , in fact , this person harms the safety of European citizens , '' he added .
The Prime Minsiter 's remarks come as Hungary stepped up its anti-migrant rhetoric on Wednesday with a new media offensive against refugees , ahead of a vote in October on troubled EU plans to relocate asylum-seekers among member states .
Run under the slogan `` Did you know ? `` , the right-wing government unveiled a series of ads on its website blaming recent terrorist attacks in Europe on the refugee crisis , which has been rattling the bloc since 2015 .
`` The Paris attacks were committed by migrants , '' reads one slogan in reference to last November 's coordinated assaults that left 130 people dead in the French capital .
Among the perpetrators were two men who had entered Europe among the flow of Syrians and Iraqis arriving on Greek shores last summer .
Other messages warn that `` violence against woman has increased exponentially since the start of the migrant wave '' and that `` in Libya alone , a million migrants wait to come to Europe '' .
The ads will be published in the print press , broadcast on TV and radio , and plastered on billboards all over Hungary in the coming weeks , the government said .
The opposition news website 444.hu slammed the campaign for `` solely aiming to spread unlimited xenophobia across the country '' .
Earlier this month , the government announced it would hold a national vote on the EU 's controversial plan to share 160,000 migrants around the 28-nation bloc via mandatory quotas .
Prime Minister Viktor Orban has been a fierce opponent of the proposal , saying it violated national sovereignty and that the EU had no right to `` redraw Europe 's cultural and religious identity '' .
Hungary has joined Slovakia in filing a legal challenge against the plan , which was meant to ease pressure on Greece and Italy , the main entry points into the bloc for migrants fleeing the Syrian civil war .
Around 400,000 migrants and refugees passed through Hungary in 2015 before the government sealed off the southern borders with razor wire and fences in the autumn .
The authorities also brought in tough new laws punishing illegal entry and vandalism of the fences . Last year the government erected billboards warning foreigners not to take jobs from Hungarians .
( Staff with agencies )
Share :
KABUL : President Mohammad Ashraf Ghani has blamed that the terrorist attack in Shah Shaheed area of Kabul that left 15 killed and hundreds of others wounded was orchestrated in Pakistan .
In two separate meetings with envoys of a number of countries in Presidential Palace on Tuesday , President Ghani said that this attack was planned by terrorist groups in Pakistan .
He said after Mullah Mohammad Omar was announced dead , terrorist groups openly organized gatherings in Pakistan and announced ‘ war ' against the government of Afghanistan .
President Ghani further said that Pakistan needs to acknowledge the sincerity of the issue and take strict actions against terrorist groups in its soil .
He added that for this reason , an Afghan delegation is visiting Pakistan on Thursday .
President of Afghanistan urged that Pakistan should have the same definition of terrorism for Afghanistan the one it has for itself .
The President said that he has explained his stance and now the decision and actions are laying to Pakistan which will clarify the future of relationship between the two neighboring countries .
A special operations force cut short its mission to capture a terror suspect in Somalia Friday in part because a group of children unexpectedly showed up , NBC reports .
The Pentagon acknowledged Monday that the U.S. attempted and failed to capture Ikrima , a Kenyan of Somali origin linked to the Somali terror organization al-Shabab .
Citing military sources , NBC says sailors from the elite Seal Team 6 snuck onto the beach , arrived at the compound and identified Ikrima before being spotted by an al-Shabab fighter . That fighter called in others and began firing , putting the special operations team under siege . The Seal Team withdrew back to the beach in part because it believed a sustained firefight would endanger a group of nearby children , according to NBC .
The team withdrew uninjured , NBC reports .
In a statement , Pentagon Press Secretary George Little said , “ While the operation did not result in Ikrima 's capture , U.S. military personnel conducted the operation with unparalleled precision and demonstrated that the United States can put direct pressure on al-Shabaab leadership at any time of our choosing . ”
–With reporting from Zeke Miller
[ NBC News ]
The leader of a pro-gun control group made several statements that were easily proven to be false during her testimony before the Texas Senate State Affairs Committee last Thursday , when she joined hundreds of other members of the public who came to the Texas Capitol to share their opinions about two bills under consideration by the committee , SB 11 , the “ campus carry ” bill , and SB 17 , the “ open carry ” bill . As Breitbart Texas reported , both bills passed the committee and are headed to the Senate for consideration .
Kelly Burke , the president of the Texas chapter of “ Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America , ” a group underwritten by billionaire and former New York City Mayor Mike Bloomberg that advocates for stricter gun regulations , testified near the end of the day in opposition to both SB 11 and SB 17 .
Both bills operate by expanding the state 's system for concealed handgun licenses ( CHLs ) , which allows those who are over 21 years of age ( or qualified military veterans ) , pass a criminal background check , and complete safety and proficiency training , to carry concealed handguns .
SB 11 would allow those who have qualified for a CHL to also carry their gun inside buildings on college campuses . Currently , CHL holders may carry on campus , but can not bring their weapons inside a building . Texas law also allows the open carry of long guns like shotguns and rifles , and SB 17 would expand that to allow open carry of handguns by CHL holders .
Accordingly , the issue of whether CHL holders tend to be safe and law-abiding is relevant for lawmakers to consider as they debate passing these bills . In her testimony , Burke claimed , “ we do not know , about how , quote , responsible CHL holders are , because that data set is not available and is completely locked down . Any statements about how , quote , responsible and law-abiding CHL holders are is completely anecdotal and therefore conjecture . ”
The relevant excerpt from Burke 's testimony has been posted on YouTube ( the full day of testimony is available on the Texas Senate website ) :
The Bearing Arms blog called these comments by Burke a “ bold-faced lie , ” and her comments were wholly incorrect . The degree to which Burke knew her statements were incorrect is not clear , but by making the affirmative representation that the data was “ completely locked down , ” she implies that she did attempt to get the data but someone denied her access . However , the data on crimes committed by Texas CHL holders is not only available as a public record , it has been posted online for years and is readily found on the first page of Google search results for a variety of relevant search terms .
The Texas Department of Public Safety ( DPS ) has posted the conviction rates for CHL holders as compared to the general Texas population on their website , dating all the way back to 1996 . For purposes of these reports , DPS does not consider the conviction final until a year after the conviction , to allow time for appeals , and generates the reports every year with the data from two years ago to allow for this time period . To provide a more accurate comparison , DPS only includes convictions by those who are age 21 or older , to match the minimum age for a CHL .
The most recent report available is from 2012 , and it shows that for the vast majority of crimes in Texas during that year , none or almost none of the convictions were of CHL holders . That year , there were a total of 63,272 convictions statewide , of which 120 , or 0.1897 % were of CHL holders .
Breitbart Texas reviewed the reports posted by DPS , and during the entire period from 1996 until 2012 , the percentage of convictions committed by CHL holders never even reached one-half of one percent . As National Review 's Charles C.W . Cooke wrote , “ No wonder [ Moms Demand Action ] wanted to pretend it did n't exist . ”
Burke 's misrepresentation would not have been likely to fool the Senators on the State Affairs Committee . Sen. Brian Birdwell ( R-Granbury ) , who authored SB 11 and co-sponsored SB 17 , mentioned at the very beginning of the committee hearing that CHL holders “ were the most law-abiding segment of the state , ” and other Senators made reference to the DPS statistics in their remarks .
Breitbart Texas reached out to Sen. Brandon Creighton ( R-Conroe ) , another committee member who co-authored SB 11 and co-sponsored SB 17 , for comment . Creighton told Breitbart Texas that he had reviewed the DPS data and said that he was “ content ” about the trustworthiness of CHL holders after seeing “ how law-abiding Texas CHL holders have been over the last two decades . ”
Texas CHL holders are “ law abiding good actors who are vetted through that licensure process ” deserve to have the legislature protect their Second Amendment rights , said Creighton , who called his main reason for supporting these bills , that they “ first and foremost strengthened ” the Second Amendment protections for Texans . Legislators take an oath to defend the Texas Constitution , explained Creighton , and there is “ no greater responsibility that we have [ as legislators ] than defending the Constitution and upholding our oath . ”
Creighton also told Breitbart Texas that despite the disagreement with opponents to the bill , he enjoyed hearing the public testimony and found the hearing process to be “ so valuable . ”
“ I really do listen and consider every witness and their testimony so much of it is compelling and interesting…the great experience that they bring ” to share with the committee , said Creighton , adding that he “ respected ” the “ heartfelt testimony ” of many opponents to the bills , but ultimately did not find it persuasive .
“ Most of that testimony , to me , was based on a ‘ feeling ' [ by the opponents to the bills ] , ” said Creighton , “ a prevailing sentiment , that guns cause anxiety and enhance a stressful environment , and therefore we should not have them . ”
“ I would contend the opposite viewpoint , that bad actors are going to appear in these environments , ” he continued , citing Columbine , Virginia Tech , and the Colorado movie theater shooting , “ and to disarm citizens…is the wrong way to go , ” depriving them the right to defend themselves against a bad actor who will get a gun regardless .
Both SB 11 and SB 17 now head to the full Senate for debate , where it is expected to reach the floor for a vote and pass , especially now that only 19 Senators are needed to bring a bill to a vote under the new rules passed by the Senate this year .
Many expect the real hurdle to be in the House . Creighton told Breitbart Texas that he was encouraged that State Rep. Larry Phillips , the author of the House version of SB 11 , already had “ 70 co-authors and climbing , ” with 76 votes needed to pass . A campus carry bill was passed in the House during last session , when Creighton was a State Representative himself , and he said that would make it easier to pass again , since the issues had already been vetted by the House with full hearings and a floor debate . The open carry bill , having not been heard in the House before , will be harder to predict .
Breitbart Texas will continue to follow the debate on these bills in both chambers of the Texas Legislature .
Follow Sarah Rumpf on Twitter @ rumpfshaker .
On Wednesday , the United Nations Committee Against Torture began its review of the United States ' record on torture—not only at the infamous Guantánamo Bay but closer to home , in our prisons , police forces , and immigration facilities .
The U.S. delegation acknowledged , “ we crossed the line ” on torture . Many of us believe that line matters , and that American values and law should define us as a country that stands against torture and cruelty . But as committee member Domah said , even “ democratic institutions join forces to frustrate democratic principles . ”
Yesterday the United States gave its response to the dozens of questions posed about the treatment of those in U.S. custody and all individuals it fails to protect . And the response was incomplete , defensive , and disheartening .
Let 's take three of the many issues the ACLU raised for this review . First , accountability for torture committed under the Bush administration . Committee members found U.S. responses on accountability and remedies for the “ some folks ” we tortured was wholly inadequate .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
It 's easy to see why . The U.S. failed to conduct a comprehensive and independent criminal investigation , including into the role of the architects of the torture program . While the U.S. delegation reiterated its commitment to holding those who torture accountable , it could n't even provide assurances that the Department of Justice , in a recent inquiry led by Assistant U.S. Attorney John Durham , looked into the role of senior officials . Durham recommended full investigations be opened in two detainee death cases—Gul Rahman at the Salt Pit Prison in 2002 , and Manadel al-Jamadi in Iraq in 2003—but the Justice Department closed both without charging anyone .
Second , prisons : Several committee members raised the United States ' overreliance on solitary confinement—a practice on which the U.S. is an international outlier in a very bad way . Committee member Alessio Bruni told the U.S. delegation , with the practice of holding people for 30 days or longer in isolation , “ you are leading [ prisoners ] to insanity. ” The response of the U.S. government , however , showed it to be in denial about the scope and nature of this problem . Government officials pointed to some practices that allegedly temper the isolation ; but their suggestion that a radio , monthly phone call or a letter is enough is frankly ludicrous .
And finally , on U.S. immigration detention , committee chair George Tugushi asked the U.S. delegation how it could possibly reconcile its explicit use—as a “ deterrent ” —of family detention for the thousands of Central Americans seeking protection with its human rights obligations under international law . The delegation response was not to deny this policy but to clarify that detention was n't the only deterrence strategy to keep refugees away . I do n't think many felt better that the U.S. government has numerous strategies to prevent families fleeing for their lives from receiving protection .
The U.N. Committee Against Torture will issue its concluding observations and recommendations on November 28 . The U.S. delegation said that test for any nation committed to the Convention Against Torture and to the rule of law was not whether it had ever made mistakes , but whether and how it corrected them . Let 's hope our government embraces the call to do better .
Snowpack in the northern Rocky Mountains has shrunk at an unusually rapid pace during the past 30 years , according to a new study .
The decline is `` almost unprecedented '' over the past 800 years , say researchers who used tree rings to reconstruct a centuries-long record of snowpack throughout the entire Rocky Mountain range .
Their work , published yesterday in the journal Science , suggests that the plummeting snowpack could have serious consequences for more than 70 million people who depend on water from the runoff-fed Columbia , Colorado and Missouri rivers .
`` The Northern Rockies have shown the greatest response to warming in terms of snowpack decline , '' said lead author Greg Pederson , a research scientist at the U.S. Geological Survey 's Northern Rocky Mountain Research Center . `` Temperature , especially now , seems to be undercutting snowpack . ''
That 's a marked shift from the pattern that predominated from A.D. 1200 to the 1980s : When snowpack was low in the Northern Rockies , it was high in the Southern Rockies -- and vice versa .
But for the past 30 years or so , snowpack in both regions has shrunk . Pederson and his colleagues pin the blame on warmer springs driven by a combination of rising greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere and natural climate variation .
`` In the last 30 years , there 's been this growing synchrony where the whole West is getting warmer , '' said Philip Mote , director of the Oregon Climate Change Research Institute at Oregon State University . `` That part is not new , but they point out a few other occasions in the last millennium where there has been low snowpack in the West were also periods that were unusually warm . That 's a pretty strong message : that historically , low snowpack and warm spring go hand in hand . ''
This time , no return to cooler period
Tim Barnett , a climatologist at Scripps Institution of Oceanography , said the new results appear to agree with his earlier work that used climate models to show humans ' greenhouse gas emissions have contributed to declining snowpack in the western United States .
`` I think we get some idea of what natural variability is in the snowpack , '' said Barnett , though he noted his expertise lies in climate models , not tree-ring studies . `` The fact that things have sort of gone south here in the last 30 to 40 years [ in the new study ] pretty much jibes with what we 've done . ''
Meanwhile , Pederson said he sees an important difference between modern conditions and the brief 14th- and 15th-century periods of warm temperatures and low snowpack along the Columbia and Missouri river headwaters .
`` They were eventually followed by cooling , '' he said . `` Now , alas , we do n't expect to return to a cooler period . ''
That glimpse into the past was provided by 66 tree-ring data sets scientists used to stitch together an annual record of snowpack far older than modern observations , which began in the early 20th century .
They used some records from ponderosa pine and Douglas fir trees , which thrive at lower elevations and in years with heavy snowfall . But to track snowfall in higher elevations , the scientists examined rings from subalpine larch , mountain hemlock and subalpine fir trees -- species whose growth is retarded by snowfall .
Peering into the past
In those cases , `` you 're often looking at a tree you could easily put your arms around -- and it could be 500 to 800 years old , '' Pederson said .
The combined tree-ring record is valuable because it overcomes a vexing problem with many modern climate observations : They do n't go far enough into the past to show scientists what conditions were like before human activities began transforming the environment .
`` We built a system to observe our changing environment during the period it 's been changing rapidly , '' said Mote .
Pederson says he 's confident his tree-ring results are accurate in part because during a brief period of overlap during the 20th century , the snowpack depth derived from the tree rings and modern observations look like `` photocopies '' of one another .
Although the new study describes ongoing decline in snowpack throughout the Rockies , this year has bucked that long-term trend . Record snowpacks have been recorded in the northern West , according to the Agriculture Department 's Natural Resources Conservation Service , which monitors snowpack .
Experts characterized it as a brief blip in a longer-term trend of decline . They attributed last year 's unusually wet winter to the La Niña weather pattern that was in place from August to May .
`` We 're seeing 200 to 400 percent of normal for this time of year , '' said Michael Strobel , director of the service 's National Water and Climate Center .
Copyright 2011 E & E Publishing . All Rights Reserved .
Suddenly a familiar flash of pink streaked by him , exploding a moment later , launching off an unnoticed assailant , poised to strike at Ren . Ren glanced upward towards the where the shot had come from , intending to pass a silent nod of thanks to where Nora would be standing . As he glanced her way his blood went cold . He could still see traces of her aura as it flickered and broke . She was moving Magnhild around to attempt to defend herself . Clearly she had chosen to fire upon his attacker , instead of her own , leaving herself wide open to the danger . She always was reckless , he knew she would have made the same choice again , even as the blow hit her directly in the face . She sank to her knees , as blood began to run down her chin , her lip visibly split open .
His hands no longer held StormFlower . Though he was n't aware of releasing his weapon , he had no need for it now . His eyes were now like Onyx , completely black , making him look altogether soulless and eerie . He had started walking toward where Nora knelt , oddly slow and steady . A stray round from another fight nearby hurled its way towards his left shoulder , his slow pace giving it no chance of missing its mark , though the bullet 's trip was ultimately in vain as it simply disintegrated inches from impact , leaving no trace it had ever existed .
The air nearby Ren seemed to be alive with power , the feeling as of a massive lightning storm approaching .
Nora was looking at Ren , she cursed under her breath , and the blood now dripping from her chin . `` You really should n't have done that . '' she said , now glancing up at the man who had attacked her . `` He does n't like it when people do that. '' . Ren was now standing next to the man who turned to look at him and spoke . `` What kind of freak are you , huh ? Do n't like me messing with your little girlfriend , huh ? '' It was clear the man was used to bullying those around him . `` LEAVE HER ! '' Ren commanded , staring straight ahead , his black eyes unfocused , looking through the man not at him . `` Tell you what buddy , screw her , and SCREW YOU ! '' the man said as he swung his fist at Ren . Ren did n't move , he seemed unaware of the incoming attack , his eyes still glazed over , unseeing .
`` DO N'T ! '' shouted Nora , struggling to launch herself haphazardly toward the man .
Just as his fist was about to make contact with Ren 's face the attacker 's fist seemed to explode . He screamed in agony , as his cells were ripped apart , an electrical current causing them to self destruct on a subatomic level . His nervous system overloaded as the nerves rapidly overcharged then exploded , the electrical field Ren 's aura was producing was separating the electrons from the individual atoms in each cell . The reaction was making its way up the man 's arm even as Nora impacted him . She flung him away from Ren , landing roughly on top of him . He was now unconscious , his body shut down , unable to deal with the sheer pain and shock . The reaction had stopped , but his hand and wrist were gone . Nora got to her feet , carefully avoiding the man 's twitching limbs , even as his body still attempted to deal with the surge of power flooding his body .
She approached Ren cautiously , extending her hand slowly , reaching for Ren 's . She took a deep breath , and suddenly she grasps at his hand , her fingers interlocking with his own . Her head flew back and her hair stood on end , her scream echoed , her eyes wide open in a look of terror . Her skin was glowing from the inside out , her body was struggling to absorb the electrical energy from Ren .
She had absorbed lighting bolts , they were like a gentle spark in relation to what she was feeling now . Her voice had given out , she was frozen , open mouthed , staring into the sky for what seemed like an age . Skin still glowing she forced her mouth shut and looked down towards Ren , her supercharged muscles struggling even to make her head move . Ren 's eyes were beginning to return to their normal color . He now fell to his knees , she fell with him , supporting his body .
The glow was now fading from her skin . She let go of his hand and pulled him into a hug . Slowly he lifted his arms and pulled her close . Tears were now streaming from his face , `` I 'm so sorry '' he whispered into her ear , `` I 'm so , so sorry '' he repeated , again and again . `` Shhh , '' she replied , `` it 's alright Ren , it 's ok. '' she softly cooed , as he spoke `` It did n't hurt so much this time '' she said pulling him in tighter , as much to keep him from falling as to comfort him . `` Did… .. d .. did I kill him ? '' he asks her , looking at the man on the ground . `` No , he 'll be alright , he 's just unconscious , I got him in time . `` , `` Thank you Nora '' he said , slowly closing his eyes , his strength completely drained . She picked him up in her arms , and carried him away .
I hope its clear what is going on . Ren snaps seeing Nora hurt and goes all hulk . Basically he loses control over his aura/semblance , he normally has to focus to keep it in check and StormFlower helps him do this also . Then his power is Electric based and Nora can absorb electric with her semblance , so in order to 'un-hulk ' Ren and get him under control she has to drain his aura into herself . He NEEDS her to keep him in check if he goes hulk since he could seriously hurt or kill someone just by them getting too close , however he then feels guilty for causing her pain . But loves her for being willing to do it and understands she would do it every day if she had too . This also explains why he is uber reserved always ( he is struggling to stay in control ) .
Techlands upcoming zombie survival open world game , Dying Light is already confirmed to be running at 1080p and locked 30 frames per second on both the PS4 and Xbox One . So was Dying Light using the latest Xbox One SDK update to achieve this performance boost on Microsofts console ? We were using the latest version just prior to the new release that came out on December 12th . In terms of advantages , the main thing is just how much the ESRAM control has improved ,  Lead Game Designer Maciej Binkowski said to GamingBolt.The new API allows you to do a lot more with the ESRAM , things devs have always wanted to do but were not easily accessible . This together with better tools ( PIX ) allowed us to really improve performance and tweak ESRAM usage ,  he added.For those who are unaware , PIX i.e . Performance Investigator for Xbox is a software tool for game developers that helps them analyze and debug their code to improve performance of Direct3D applications . Its intriguing to see that Microsoft have been making further updates to their SDK which has already helped several AAA games like Destiny and Grand Theft Auto 5 to achieve full 1080p resolution . It seems that with continuous improvements to both consoles , the performance gap is indeed narrowing down.Read more at http : //gamingbolt.com/xbox-one-dece ... mproves-esram-performance # HJoZd1ZBOARTJlqc.99
Video game graphics achieved using the DirectX 11 standard provide a solid indication of the visual power of the next Xbox and PlayStation , Eurogamer has been told .
Eurogamer has also been told that visuals on a par with Hollywood blockbuster movie Avatar are a genuine possibility on the next generation of consoles - a claim first made by graphics technology company AMD and now backed up by video game developers .
As part of an investigation into the next generation of home consoles , Eurogamer has learnt from developers what gamers can expect from the next Xbox and the PlayStation 4 .
`` It 's going to depend a lot on when Sony and Microsoft decide is the right moment to announce and launch things , '' Crytek UK principal programmer Pete Hall tells Eurogamer , `` but it does feel at the moment that the hardware we get in next generation consoles will be about the sort of level that DX11 is at - that 's where it currently looks like it 's going . ''
Crytek , creator of game engine CryEngine 3 , recently added DirectX 11 support to the PC version of first-person shooter Crysis 2 , prompting some suggestions that it makes the sci-fi first-person shooter look so good that it provides a glimpse into the next generation .
But Crytek , rumoured to be making TimeSplitters 4 for Microsoft and Sony 's next consoles , reckons better visuals are possible .
`` The DX11 support for Crysis 2 was planned quite early on , but while it was being implemented , we were discovering things about the production methods we 'd use , '' Mark Tully , Crytek lead programmer , adds , `` If we 'd done it slightly differently , we could have achieved even higher results . Those learnings will be going into future Crytek projects . The authoring processes will be able to still target the consoles , but be able to produce even higher results on DX11 than what we were able to achieve with Crysis 2 .
`` That in itself is exciting . ''
Earlier this year Epic released the Samaritan tech demo - a real-time video designed to provide a glimpse into what the next generation of consoles will be capable of . But is Samaritan a realistic expectation for the next-generation ? Will we really see graphics on that level ? Mark Rein , co-founder of Gears of War and Unreal Engine maker Epic Games , says the answer is a definite yes .
`` It is already possible on PCs today albeit very high-end ones , '' he tells Eurogamer . `` Broadly-speaking tomorrow 's console is today 's high-end PC , whose level of technology eventually trickles down to affordable PCs , set-top boxes and mobile devices as well . So it makes sense that this is the kind of thing the next generation of consoles could power . It is just a question of timing . ''
And , according to Rein , Direct X 11 is a good guideline as to what gamers will see from the next generation .
`` Yes I think there is a feature set there that provides the ability to make clearly-discernible visual improvements over what can be done on today 's consoles . Samaritan was an early attempt to demonstrate that , '' he says .
`` As a content developer we 'll get better at exploiting these features over time and , as a technology provider , we 'll continue to deliver tools and technology that helps our licensees to do the same . In the meantime we 've already shipped Samaritan 's DX11 feature set in the latest Unreal Engine 3 . ''
`` Where the PCs are now compared to what [ Sony and Microsoft ] are going to do , I assume will be close , '' Hall says . This week AMD , which is rumoured to be providing the graphics technology powering the next Xbox , said Microsoft 's next home console will be so powerful it will be capable of reproducing graphics on a par with James Cameron 's computer generated movie blockbuster Avatar .
Many baulked at the suggestion , but Crytek believes it may be possible on future consoles . `` One of our rendering guys was looking at that article and was saying he reckons that 's doable now with DX11 on PC , '' Hall enthuses , `` I get the feeling it could happen . It could be next-gen consoles . It does feel like if we 're able to keep pushing DirectX 11 into the next generation of consoles we should be able to produce some fantastic stuff with CryEngine . ''
While gamer tongues are wagging on the potential power of the next generation , for developers , visuals are just one facet of the next-gen battle . `` It 's one thing to have the graphics that look like Avatar , but you want to move everything else on a step as well , '' Hall says .
Tully agrees . `` We always use graphics as the benchmark for what 's going to be so great about the next game on this platform - but obviously you 've got other aspects . In single-player you 've got AI , and in multiplayer you 've got , well , how do we better integrate the community into the game so it 's more of a social experience ? There are all these different areas you can move forward in . It 's not always just about the graphics , although that is a big part of it . ''
It is unbelievable -- we 've beaten back the outrageous US Net censorship proposal , but now Mexican senators want to pass a worse law here ! Let 's stop this threat right now .
Senator Federico Döring is proposing a new law , which would trash our privacy and destroy the Internet we love . It would allow Internet companies to monitor their users , and introduce draconian measures to prevent us sharing videos and songs ! But -- worried about the worldwide rebellion against the US SOPA law -- Döring is wavering , suggesting he 'll listen to our views before going forward .
The Senate 's plan to wreck Mexico 's Internet is now at a critical stage . Let´s sign a massive petition to Döring and the bill 's other supporters to withdraw the bill and save our privacy and our Internet . Sign the petition now , and when we reach 150,000 we will deliver it to the Congress !
Share . Check back with IGN for the latest from Microsoft . Check back with IGN for the latest from Microsoft .
UPDATE : IGN 's coverage from Microsoft 's Xbox One Gamescom Showcase Event will begin at 2am Pacific/5am Eastern/10am GMT/7pm AEST . For continuing coverage from Gamescom , check out our Gamescom 2013 event page .
Gamescom 2013 will kick off Tuesday with Microsoft 's Xbox One Gamescom Showcase Event . Starting at 2am Pacific/5am Eastern/10am GMT/7pm AEST , keep checking back with IGN for updates from the show floor as Microsoft gives media `` the opportunity to get hands-on with a range of Xbox One titles , speak with developers , and be the first to hear our Gamescom news . ''
Microsoft is also teasing a new Xbox One exclusive set to be announced at Gamescom . “ We 're gon na have a really short stage presentation with some news , talking about some unique exclusive coming to the platform , ” said Microsoft Studio 's corporate vice-president Phil Spencer . “ We 're going to talk about Europe 's biggest franchise and maybe some interesting things . We have some stuff , but most of the time will be spent with the press getting time with the developers , with their games . So you should think about this as a room with a lot of hands-on . We think that these platforms are about the games , and we want to give the press time with the games . ”
In addition to the unannounced exclusive , Microsoft 's Gamescom lineup includes the following titles :
Forza Motorsport 5
Dead Rising 3
Ryse : Son of Rome
Project Spark
Killer Instinct
Zoo Tycoon
Gamescom will run from August 21-25 in Cologne , Germany . Be sure to check back to IGN for all the news from the show as it 's announced . For a list of all of the games confirmed for the show so far , check out our Gamescom wiki .
The world certainly is n't simple , and trying to express real-world dynamics in the form of an equation has long been a challenge . Realistic computer-simulated sound has been particularly tough to get right , and some of the hardest dynamics to recreate have been the movements and sound of water .
Scientists at Cornell have now announced a system that can look at a 3-D motion rendering of water -- waves , drops , anything -- and algorithmically create the dribbles , gurgles and plops it would be sounding , were it in fact real .
I 'll let the researchers describe the technology themselves . I think you 'll understand why I 'm leaving it to them :
`` Sound radiation from harmonic fluid vibrations is modeled using a time-varying linear superposition of bubble oscillators . We weight each oscillator by its bubble-to-ear acoustic transfer function , which is modeled as a discrete Green 's function of the Helmholtz equation . To solve potentially millions of 3D Helmholtz problems , we propose a fast dual-domain multipole boundary-integral solver , with cost linear in the complexity of the fluid domain 's boundary . ''
In as many words : hyper-complex software that on its own re-creates an element of the natural world . Look for realistic-sounding synthetic liquids coming to a Michael Bay special effects scene or fly-fishing simulator near you , soon .
[ Cornell via Boing Boing Gadgets ]
Forget the polls and the electronic worms . If the prophecy of the Herald 's very own psychic octopus is to be believed , Tony Abbott will be inked out of history come the federal election .
The octopus , Cassandra , was consulted at the Sydney Institute of Marine Science , after it became clear that Paul - the German oracle octopus that enjoyed a spectacular run of success during the World Cup - was too busy to help .
I choose you ... Cassandra , the Herald 's octopus , picked Julia Gillard to win the election . She turned a defensive black when confronted with Tony Abbott 's photo . Credit : James Alcock
Cassandra 's preference for Julia Gillard was clear . Despite being a solitary animal , she wrapped her long arms around the Prime Minister 's photo .
Her reaction to the Opposition Leader 's image was less enthusiastic : she turned a defensive black colour .
Amid epidemics of obesity and all the problems that come with it , health experts have been sounding the alarm to cut way back on sugary drinks , particularly for kids . Pediatricians recommend kids drink no more than one 8-ounce sugary drink a week .
But that message , somehow , is n't getting through .
Nearly two-thirds of kids ( ages two- to 19-years-old ) drink at least one sugary drink a day , according to a new report from the National Center for Health Statistics ( NCHS ) , part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Overall , kids and adults have stopped making progress in cutting back on their taste for sweet drinks . After a steady decline in the past decade , sugary beverage consumption appears to be hitting a plateau .
According to data from a 2003-2004 report , kids got an average of about 216 calories from sugary drinks a day , which had fallen to 155 by the 2009-2010 report . In today 's 2011-2014 report , that number had n't budged much , coming in at 143 . That shakes out to about 7.3 percent of kids ' overall calorie counts per day .
For adults , the daily calorie tallies from sugary beverages went from 188 in 2003-2008 to 151 in 2009-2010 . The latest report has the number at 145 . That 's about 6.5 percent of adults ' total calorie intake per day .
Health experts currently recommend that no more than 10 percent of a person 's daily calories should come from added sugars ( those not naturally found in foods , such as fruit ) . The latest estimates suggest that Americans get an average of 13 percent of their calories from added sugars—and the major reason is sugary beverages .
( The NCHS counts sugary beverages as sodas , energy drinks , sports drinks , fruit juices , and sugar-sweetened waters , teas , and coffees . )
It 's well known that over-indulging in added sugars is linked to obesity , as well as type 2 diabetes , heart disease , and cavities . But sugary drinks pose a particularly difficult challenge to getting people to cut back on their sugars—people may not consider sodas and sweet drinks as part of their daily calorie intake , and they may not pay attention to how much they 're drinking .
It also does n't help that sugar and beverage industries have actively meddled in research and policy-making to downplay the health risks of their products and encourage sales—a topic Ars has covered several times
In an interview with The Washington Post , Walter Willett , an epidemiologist and nutrition expert at Harvard , said he was particularly worried about the amount of sugary drinks kids are knocking back . “ We protect them from alcohol , tobacco , [ and ] guns ... but not Big Soda , which is extremely insidious and cares nothing about the carnage it causes . ”
In a statement to Ars , the American Beverage Association wrote :
“ America 's beverage companies agree that children and adults should be mindful of the calories they consume from sugar . We are committed to being part of real solutions to public health challenges with initiatives like Balance Calories , which aims to reduce sugar and calories consumed from beverages across America . We also have voluntarily placed clear calorie labels on the front of every bottle , can and pack we produce . Through our School Beverage Guidelines , we voluntarily removed full-calorie sodas from schools , replacing them with a range of lower-calorie and smaller-portion choices . ”
This post has been updated to include the statement from the ABA .
Go to : 1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th
Coloring Squared would like for you to enjoy free grade level math pages for you to download . If you enjoy them , check out more of our content .
Hover over each image for more information . Click on the images to pull up the worksheets . From there you can print the PDF .
Kindergarten Math
40 coloring worksheets practicing numbers and basic math facts for kindergarten .
1st Grade Math
Practice 1st grade level math concepts with these coloring pages .
2nd Grade Math
Download 2nd grade level math with these coloring pages .
3rd Grade Math
Practice 3rd grade level math concepts with these coloring pages .
4th Grade Math
Practice 4th grade level math concepts with these coloring pages .
5th Grade Math
Practice 5th grade level math concepts with these coloring pages .
Coloring pages are a great way to help children with their education . Coloring is fun and engaging . It helps to develop fine motor control . Choose from thousands of different coloring pages . Print these math coloring pages for the classroom or home . Coloring Squared will try to provide you a new math coloring page often . Give us some feedback on pages you have used and enjoyed . Or , tell us what you would like to see in one of our next books .
Email us at : [ email protected ] Email
Coloring Squared hopes students enjoy the free coloring pages . If you are looking for more content , try out our Free Math Coloring Pages and our Comics , Cartoons , and Video Games . Download and use these pages to help make math fun .
Coloring Squared : Pixel Art and Math for Kids
I 'm sorry I did n't post sooner I was waiting for the second package , and boy was it worth the wait ! ! The first one was a very cool triangle box from the Reddit marketplace that had a Snoo figurine ( which goes perfect with our Pop figures ) and a Snoo shirt which I love ! ! Those were wrapped in a super cute cat cloth piece which can be sewn into an adorable two sides cat ! ! That was held together with a rad magnetized Snoo clip ! ! The second gift was even more perfect ! It is an adorable cat bank ! ! I have wanted one of these SOOO bad ! I can not wait to put tons of change in it ! ! Even my boyfriend got a huge kick out of it ! Bravo Santa you did an astounding job ! < 3
The way that some thing or some place smells is key to our experience of that object or location . Rigorous scientific research has uncovered specific psychological reactions to particular scents . These responses are generally true for humans , but people who have had a significant ( to them ) experience while smelling a scent , may not have this most common reaction to a . An example : the smell of peppermint is generally physically energizing , but if your mom chewed peppermint gum as she rubbed the younger youare back to help you fall asleep , you will not respond to peppermint as your colleagues do .
Scientists have learned , for example , that :
Burning frankincense reduces feelings of and anxiety - those mythical Christmas traveling men may have been scent-aware as well as .
Orange smells reduce anxiety - even in dentists ' offices - a place where almost everyone is on edge . Cedar smells reduce tension - and so do lavender ones . Vanilla scents are so good at relaxing people that they 've even been used to help people stay calm during CAT scans and similar medical tests . Wearing vanilla-y perfumes to interviews may provide the advantage that moves wearers into new and desirable jobs .
Lemon and jasmine scents enhance our performance . Doing a hard crossword puzzle or taking the law boards ? Suck on lemon drops . People smelling lemon report that they feel better than people smelling other pleasant scents - a scent-sory bonus !
Peppermint scents work just like lemon scents - but for the muscles other than those between our ears . If you 're working out , forget the lemon drops and slather yourself with peppermint body lotion instead . Your workout will seem easier than it does when you omit the lotion , as well as less frustrating . The hidden bonus of using peppermint scents while working out is that you 'll also feel that you are performing better and with more vigor . So , if you are n't a star do n't worry - smelling peppermint will make you think you 're one .
Jasmine improves the quality of sleep , but does n't help you fall asleep any faster . If you smell jasmine while your mental performance will be improved the next day . You 'll also be less when you wake up .
Rosemary and grapefruit odors pep people up . Rosemary also makes our long-term perform at its best . Cook with rosemary just before you start to do your taxes - it 'll help you remember why you saved some of those crumpled receipts . And women of a certain age will be pleased to know that men who are smelling grapefruit estimate that women they 're looking at are significantly younger than they actually are .
Cinnamon-vanilla smells and seem to be linked .
For these scents to work their special magic , you do n't have to consciously notice them .
Scientists have worked hard to learn about how the scents noted above , and a whole slew of others , influence us psychologically . Make your life easier by putting what they 've learned to work .
Future posts will provide insights on how you can use smells to enhance life experiences .
The Destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah , John Martin , 1852 . ( WikiCommons )
On Monday , the Blount County Board of Commissioners will consider a resolution asking God to spare their region from “ His coming wrath ” because the “ lawless judiciary ” of the U.S. is forcing them recognize same-sex marriages .
The proposal has been put forth by Commissioner Karen Miller and is listed on the docket as “ Resolution condemning judicial tyranny and petitioning God 's mercy . ( Resolution 15-10-006 ) ”
The resolution begins : “ Whereas , the Governor , Attorney General , and ALL WE Blount County Legislators have sworn an oath consistent with the moral Law of God ( “ So Help Me God ” ) to uphold the Constitution of Tennessee and the Constitution of the United States ; and Whereas , the fulfillment of this oath , in the American tradition , may not be read to contradict the written Constitution , Justice , Reason and higher Natural Law… ” before turning to Commissioner Miller 's grievances .
“ Federal judges have once again usurped powers not delegated to them , and have violated Reason , the Rule of Law and Natural Law by purporting to strike down State laws and acts of the People recognizing and protecting Natural Marriage , ” it states by way of explaining that Miller believes the Supreme Court overstepped its bounds by legalizing same-sex marriage .
Miller 's resolution calls upon “ all of the Officers of the State of Tennessee , the Governor , the Attorney General , and the members of the Tennessee Legislature , ” to join the commission in saving “ natural marriage , ” and defending “ the the Moral Standards of Tennessee . ”
Fearing that may be too little too late , the passed resolution would also beseech God to not destroy Blount County — like He did Sodom and Gomorrah — for the sins of America .
“ WE adopt this Resolution before God that He pass us by in His Coming Wrath and not destroy our County as He did Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighboring cities . As the Passover Lamb was a means of salvation to the ancient Children of Israel , so we stand upon the safety of the Lamb of God to save us , ” the resolution reads . “ WE adopt this Resolution begging His favor in light of the fact that we have been forced to comply and recognize that the State of Tennessee , like so many other God-fearing States , MAY have fallen prey to a lawless judiciary in legalizing what God and the Bible expressly forbids . ”
Presumably God will hold off His wrath until the resolution can be considered as it is listed as seventh on the docket — right after the board takes up compensation levels for Blount County School Board Members .
( H/T Ring of Fire )
I am thrilled and delighted to get to sample some of Twisted Wonderland Perfumery 's items . This company is brand spankin ' new but my goodness do they have a ton of charm ! The lovely owner , Rae , was kind enough to send me some samples that arrived just as the store had it 's grand opening !
( For full disclosure , I did not purchase these items . The owner asked if bloggers were interested in testing/reviewing and I raised my hand . Though , I 'd planned on making a sample order anyway when they opened . )
How gorgeous are the labels ? ! I 'm a huge Alice in Wonderland fan so this just makes my heart happy .
First I 'm going to start with the lip scrub on the left . I selected Cabernet Cotton Candy . And let me tell you … it 's cotton candy ! I only have one complaint , and it 's not even about the product … I had to cut the beautiful label to open it ! I know it 's purely an aesthetic thing , but it made me sad to do it – especially since the inside had a seal over it . The lip scrub seems a touch liquidy – but it 's freakin ' hot here in NC and to be fair , I have like ZERO experience with lip scrubs so it could just be how it is . But , my lips need exfoliating after so much sun so this is a win-win !
So you can see the process before , during , and after . ( Sorry for the weird quality – my bathroom has horrible lighting . ) I have to admit , it was weird . Not like bad weird but one of those “ man I hope my husband does n't walk in on me and I have to explain why I have sugar on my lips ” weird . It tasted good , had more of a grape-like cotton candy flavor than any type of Cabernet ( though to be fair I 've not had Cabernet wine in a long , long time ) . It was sweet , cleaning up was easy , and it left a touch of a waxy feel behind , but my lips are soft ! Mission accomplished I think ! It took off some of the chapped feeling from my lips as well .
Of course the lip scrub must be followed up with a lip balm , right ? For this I chose Green Apple Peach . Smells only slightly like green apples . The formula is softer than other lip balms I 've tried and it almost melts on your lips . It 's not really waxy and it 's very soft and smooth . Just a hint of sweetness when I lick my lips , but the scent is not overpowering which I consider a good thing . I always hate it when I put on lip balm or gloss and it 's scented like crazy and it 's the only thing I can smell because it 's under my nose . I 'm a chapstick girl , so this lip balm will be used frequently and with pleasure ! There is no tinting to the lip balm , which I like as well .
And now onto the Eau de Parfum 's ! I have to confess , I 'm kind of an Indie EDP junkie . I absolutely adore spritzing myself daily and have been known to change shirts just so I can wear a different EDP .
Man , talk about nostalgia … Stay Puft EDP – I 'm sure you can guess the notes , but here they are just in case : A whole lotta ' marshmallow ! A combination of fresh marshmallow , marshmallow fluff , two vanillas , & a dab of patchouli .
What did you DO Ray ? * swallows * It 's the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man .
In the vial it 's a whole lotta marshmallow goodness . Not the puft kind , though , oddly enough . This is more the jar of marshmallow goo that , if you 're lucky , your mom let you lick after she was done making fudge . ( I was lucky ! ) On my skin , however , this comes down to earth with a lovely patchouli . It 's brown and kind of musky and a whole lotta earthy . It does a lot to help tamp down the sweetness the blend could overwhelm with otherwise . The vanilla 's are almost floral ? There 's something flowery in here , but it 's just gorgeous . Sweet with a touch of earthy patchouli . After a bit I get that powdery marshmallow and it adds another dimension to the blend . The longer this sits the more I get the brown earthiness from the patch and the sweetness backs down just a bit more .
This company is like a ride down to nostalgia town . Necronomicon is up next with it 's notes of : A unique combination of book pages , leather , pipe tobacco , and a waft of blackberry bordeaux .
This is my BOOMstick !
I get a huge waft of blackberry bordeaux when I open the vial . On my skin it starts out much the same . It 's a gorgeous and light scent , which you would n't think from the notes . However , as it sits it mellows and this leathery scent comes out . It 's a nice well worn leather – kind of mix between supple brown and shiny black . This is the first time I 've smelled a leather quite like this . Do n't know if it 's because of the blackberry bordeaux or what , but it 's very nice . I 'm not getting anything papery or papyrus like , but I do get a small hint of pipe tobacco . Not fresh , more like the scent has ingrained itself into the book . While I may not really enjoy the scent sniffing directly on my skin , what is wafting up to be is just deliciously gorgeous ! It 's a sweet blackberry wine with almost no tartness , a hint of an almost cherry pipe tobacco , soft glistening leather , and now I 'm getting something bookish . I 'm in love with this scent , I have to say . I think I need this sooner rather than later . It 's so unique ! Such good throw also . And remember … Shop Smart , shop S-Mart . * wink *
The last EDP sample I have is White Rabbit , which seemed fitting , with notes of : The scent of fresh green grass , sweet wild strawberries , and a hint of leather to ground it all out . In the vial this smells a bit medicinal – that faux syrup they give kids hoping they 'll swallow it without too much protest . Thankfully , on my skin , that medicinal scent is completely gone and I 'm left with a sweet strawberry scent with just a hint of green grass . The leather note is the same from Necronomicon and becoming a fast favorite of mine . Once this dries it actually reminds me of Necronomicon – that same sweet leather scent . I would 've liked more of that grass note or something furry/musky to distinguish it more from Necronomicon . Pleasant , but it does n't grab at me .
Now we are on to the perfume oils and in keeping with the Wonderland theme , I will be trying Absolutely Alice with notes of : A delightful sweet & fruity blend of fresh peaches , wild raspberries , and wafts of tooth-achingly sweet pink cotton candy . In the vial I get a lovely sniff of freshly cut peaches ready to be eaten . It 's actually so realistic it 's making my mouth water ! At the moment this is just a fresh peach single note , and honestly if it stayed like that I do n't know that I would mind ! But it does n't and eventually I get a touch of red and juicy raspberries . There 's a sweet note around the fruit , but it 's not the overwhelming cotton candy that was in the lip scrub . This is more subdued . Overall I think I 'm in love with this one as well . It 's realistically fruity ! I might have to go to the store and buy some fruit .
Deadite will round out the reviews with notes of : Seemingly sweet blackberry with a sinister twist of patchouli , black pepper , and vanilla . Groovy . In the vial it 's blackberry and pepper – very odd indeed . On my skin it wants to be a blackberry , but other things ( namely the pepper and patchouli ) are holding it back . Which in turn is giving it an almost artificial scent to it which is n't really sitting very well with me . And after the realistic peaches in Absolutely Alice I was expecting more realistic blackberries . The patchouli is the same soft and earthy one that 's in Stay Puft . Eventually the vanilla comes out and adds more sweetness . I think I would dig this one without the blackberry – it 's just not my cuppa tea .
Overall I 'm quite impressed with this new company ! I definitely want Necronomicon and Absolutely Alice . Possibly Stay Puft as well . I will absolutely be trying more of their catalog !
Advertisements
Ancient necropolis found during construction
SİNOP - Anadolu Agency
AA Photo
The traces of an ancient necropolis have been unearthed during the construction of a culture center in the northern province of Sinop 's Gelincik neighborhood . The construction has been halted and excavation work has begun with the permission of the General Directorate of Cultural Heritage and Museums.Sinop Museum Director Hüseyin Vural said many artifacts dating back to the 4th century B.C . have been found through the eastern border of the necropolis. “ There are tombs and amphora among the artifacts as well as tomb gifts such as various types of Greek pottery , scent bottles and coins . We have also unearthed findings related to the Jewish faith in the west of the necropolis area . Works have been continuing , ” he said.Sinop Governor Yasemin Özata Çetinkaya said such cultural beings were always found during construction works in Sinop and salvage excavations were started . “ The city is located on really historic land , ” she said. “ It is exciting that these valuables which have remained underground for 6,000 years are now being presented to humanity . When the excavations are done , the findings will be removed and the construction of the culture center will continue here . The findings will be displayed in the museum , ” the governor said. “ If it is approved , we can display these findings in an area in the culture center . Then the center will work as a natural museum . There are many examples of it in Turkey and the world . This is the most-preferred method , ” she added .
UPDATE 2PM : Dispelling any speculation this was a Rockstar Table Tennis tease , Rockstar has now revealed a second piece of Red Dead Redemption concept art , 24 hours after the first .
Here it is :
Seven figures - a Magnificent Seven reference ? Seven playable characters ? We 'll leave you to speculate - but you can find all the available details and rumours over in our guide to everything we know about Red Dead Redemption 2 .
ORIGINAL STORY 8AM : At last , it looks like Rockstar is ready to start talking Red Dead Redemption 2 .
You know it 's happening , we know it 's happening . But up until now we 've been forced to rely on leaks and veiled hints from the developer .
Yesterday , however , Rockstar signalled its readiness to discuss its much-loved Western once more via this teasing Twitter post :
There 's ... not much to go on . Okay , there 's nothing to go on . But let 's take at what we know so far .
Grand Theft Auto 5 came out more than three years ago , and while the game 's multiplayer mode has been kept constantly updated ( and has made a mountain of cash ) , Rockstar has never produced any single-player expansion .
The past couple of years have seen Rockstar quiet even by Rockstar standards on what the bulk of its team is up to , but it has dropped the occasional hint it is indeed now working on a Red Dead Redemption follow-up .
It 's worth noting this period also saw the departure of Rockstar North boss and long-time company stalwart Leslie Benzies . His role in the company often fell in the shadow of its Houser brother founders , but emails that emerged in the wake of Benzies ' subsequent $ 150m lawsuit against Rockstar showed he was a key creative brain on both the first Red Dead and the GTA series - and one who may be difficult to replace .
But work has undeniably been progressing . The largest Red Dead Redemption 2 leak saw the game 's map supposedly spilled online . It suggested a couple of things : the next Red Dead will be set chronologically before Redemption ( which makes sense , as RDR portrayed the dying days of the Wild West ) and that there would be a small amount of overlap with the Redemption map .
Both the Tall Trees and Great Plains areas will apparently make a return , meaning another visit to the town of Blackwater . But as the game will be set further in the past it looks like Blackwater could be more akin to Redemption 's opening settlement Armadillo .
History fans will know it makes sense the game 's map is geographically set further to the east . As a prequel , the Wild West 's frontier will have been less advanced at the time .
This also fits with Blackwater not having a railway ( sorry , `` railroad '' ) on the new map - although new areas further east will .
: : GTA 5 money and stock market assassinations - BAWSAQ , LCN , Lester missions and how to earn money fast in GTA 5 story mode
Red Dead Redemption and the new map combined and redrawn for clarity .
Setting the game as a prequel may also allow fans to meet characters from the first Red Dead Redemption - many of whom did not make it to the game 's end ( * sniff * ) .
The new map is larger than that of Red Dead Redemption , although a fair portion of it is made up of water ( you can see a clearer version just above , redrawn by MrTibbs ) . Previously you could n't swim , although the introduction of underwater areas in GTA5 and the existence of islands on this new map suggests you will be taking to sea .
Another interesting thing to note is the largest settlement on the map : New Bordeaux - a fictional version of New Orleans - seen just recently in Mafia 3 , another 2K-published title , although in the 1960s .
A map key denotes towns , settlements , caravan camps , gang hideouts , landmarks , homesteads and robbery locations .
Ranches , dams , coves and cabins all make appearances on the map , along with an island that hosts a prison .
A box-out appears to indicate a very small section of the game will be set further south in Mexico ( after the complaints about Redemption 's Mexico portion last time around it 's unsurprising to see the country will feature in a far smaller capacity ) .
Red Dead Redemption is , of course , now available to play on Xbox One via the console 's backwards compatibility service - which Digital Foundry found was by far the best way to experience the game .
PlayStation 4 owners ? Well you can now pay to download the not-great PS2 game Red Dead Revolver if you so choose - but it 's nothing like Redemption .
Of course , slight note of caution . Rockstar still has n't promised anything . This could be a teaser for a new PS4 remaster of Redemption . It may be a new Rockstar Table Tennis . But GTA5 was revealed on 25th October 2011 - five years ago next week .
Ahh , another beautiful photograph captured by the Hubble Space Telescope . This time we 're looking at two big , beautiful spiral galaxies… tearing each other apart . The large , face-on spiral is NGC 3808 , while its dueling partner is the smaller , edge-on NGC 3808A . And between the two is a long today tail of stars , gas and dust , transferring from one to the other .
The two galaxies are collectively known as Arp 87 ; just one of the hundreds of interacting galaxies seen by astronomers . It was cataloged by the famous Halton Arp in the 1960 's , who maintained his Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies . And this collision is plenty peculiar , thanks to Hubble 's optics and resolution of fine details .
A stream of gas , stars and dust is flowing from NGC 3808 to its companion , enveloping it in a starry embrace . Because the NGC 3808A is seen nearly edge-on , you can make out the twisting trail of stars wrapping around it . Both galaxies have been distorted by their gravitational interaction .
When galaxies interact , stars are born . And this is the case for Arp 87 . The colour of the stars and the intensity of heated interstellar dust show that both galaxies are undergoing furious rates of star formation .
Original Source : Hubble News Release
This is post is part of the ‘ one threex a day ' challenge . This challenge is to publish every day one game extension for three.js ! One per day , every day and that for 2month ! In this post , we gon na talk about threex.coloradjust . threex.coloradjust is a threex game extension for three.js . It provides a color adjustement in post processing . It happens on the whole screen and changes all colors giving a whole new ambiance to your games . It includes smooth transitions between each ambiance . There are 22 ambiances going from ‘ sepia ' , to ‘ thermal ' , or ‘ radioactive ' . I highly recommend ‘ nightvision ' if your game is about fps shooting at night ! It is very flexible , you can build your own ambiance with any image editing software . It is ported from color-adjust demo by greggman . Here is a video where you can see greggman explaining the underlying technic . It explains how to do 3d texture in webgl ! : )
To see the other posts about one threex a day and forget our moto ! “ A THREEx extension a day , gets your game on its way ! ”
Show Do n't Tell
examples/basic.html [ view source ] : It shows how to use the THREEx.ColorAdjust.Renderer . It changes the color cube randomly every 3-seconds just to put some animations
. It changes the color cube randomly every 3-seconds just to put some animations examples/demo.html [ view source ] : It shows an video with the adjusted colors . You can play with it to get a better feeling of what this effect can do for you .
How To Install It
You can install it via script tag
1 < script src= 'threex.coloradjust.js ' > < /script >
Or you can install with bower , as you wish .
1 bower install threex.coloradjust
How To Use It
It builds the passes for the color effect . It exposes colorPass.colorPass for a THREE.EffectComposer instance .
Create an instance
1 var colorPasses = new THREEx.ColorAdjust.Passes ( ) ;
Everytime you render the scene , be sure to update it
1 colorPasses.update ( delta , now )
Then you add those passes to an THREE.EffectComposer like that
1 colorPasses.addPassesTo ( composer )
Tuning
This module comes with a set of predefined color cubes : 22 of them to be exact . You can set the color cube you want : one of the 22 already provided , or your own . It defaults to default . Here is the full list of available colors adjustement : default , monochrome , sepia , saturated , posterize , inverse , color-negative , high-contrast-bw , funky-contrast , nightvision , thermal , black-white , hue-plus-60 , hue-plus-180 , hue-minus-60 , red-to-cyan , blues , infrared , radioactive , goolgey , bgy .
1 2 // set color adjustement to 'nightvision ' colorPasses . setColorCube ( 'nightvision ' )
There is a smooth linear transition between the old colorCube and the new colorCube . You can tune the delay like this .
1 2 // set the transition delay to 2 seconds colorPasses . delay = 2 ;
Discuss this post on Hacker News .
Back in 1995 , Namco threw in a playable , miniature version of the arcade classic Galaxian to keep players amused during the lengthy loading times for PlayStation launch title Ridge Racer . In the decades since , other developers have largely been prevented from copying the idea of minigames on loading screens . That 's because of a broad US patent Namco got for games that prevent `` unnecessary wastage of time ... by first loading the smaller , auxiliary game program code into the games machine , before the main-game program code is loaded , then loading the main-game program code while the auxiliary game is running . ''
Some games , like FIFA and Bayonetta , have managed to skirt that patent by including load-screen minigames that are simply smaller versions of the full game rather than `` auxiliary '' games as mentioned in the patent . Still , for the most part , developers have been forced to use those unskippable load times to display concept art or in-game statistics rather than playable diversions .
The dark era of dull loading screens may finally be coming to an end , though , because the 20-year term on Namco 's 1995 patent expired last week . To celebrate , a number of indie developers are getting together for a Loading Screen Game Jam , devoted to `` creating interactive loading screens ... and defiling the patent that held back game design for so many years ! ''
Submissions are open until December 7 , but there are already a handful of extremely meta submissions that base entire games around the act of loading itself .
Gaming 's dubious patent history
While the patent 's expiration is welcome news for developers , there 's significant reason to doubt whether Namco should have been granted the exclusive rights to loading screen minigames in the first place . Plenty of games , PCs , and consoles had implemented similar minigames well before 1995 . The Commodore 64 Space Invaders clone Invade-a-load is just one notable example that predates Namco 's patent by eight years .
This is far from the first time the US Patent and Trademark Office has granted protections to somewhat dubious game design `` inventions , '' though . Over the years , everything from racing game `` ghost modes '' to Mass Effect 's dialogue wheel to Eternal Darkness ' sanity meter to the entirety of Crazy Taxi has been acknowledged by the USPTO as a wholly new , useful , and nonobvious idea that should n't be copied by other developers .
Many of these game-design patents would likely fail one or more of those tests in a court of law . Still , once the patent is granted , most publishers would rather not pay to test that theory in court . Instead , developers have to pay to license the patented idea for use in their game or leave the feature out of their game entirely .
In any case , do n't expect a flood of games with amusing load screen minigames to pop up immediately now that Namco 's patent has expired . Developers could n't even start working on such ideas until November 28 , even if the games were set to ship after the practice was once again legal . That means 2016 could finally be the year we can play Crash Bandicoot while waiting for Uncharted 4 to load . What a time to be alive .
Joe Ganim 's improbable political comeback takes hit in big vote Copyright by WTNH - All rights reserved Bill Finch , left ( Photo : Twitter/MayorBillFinch ) and Joe Ganim , right ( File ) [ + - ] Video
BRIDGEPORT , Conn. ( WTNH ) -- Only 90 people could vote in an important election held in Bridgeport Tuesday night . The Bridgeport Democratic Town Committee endorsed Bill Finch for mayor in a vote that was crucial to the improbable political comeback bid of former Mayor Joe Ganim .
Ever since he announced two months ago that he wanted his old job back , former mayor and former federal prison inmate Joe Ganim has seemed to be everywhere . Initially , incumbent Mayor Bill Finch 's campaign said voters would come to the same conclusion juror 's did : that Joe Ganim does n't belong in the mayor 's office , but Finch was in a close contest for the town committee nomination , winning 49 to 41 .
`` The important thing is we did n't go back to the old days when politics was pay to play , '' Finch said . `` We stuck to our guns . We 're going to keep building new schools , honestly , building new parks , honestly . ''
Ganim got cash and gifts totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars in a city hall shakedown of developers and contractors . He spent seven years in prison , but many say that before the corruption , he ran the city well during his first terms .
`` Let 's look at the good stuff , let 's acknowledge the mistakes , '' Ganim said . `` Give me , if you will , and the city , in many ways , a second chance and build on that to make right on the things that were n't done right the first time . ''
Ganim hammers away at Finch on the one issue most homeowners care about the most : their tax bill .
`` Taxes have gone up almost every year since Finch took over . We held the line on taxes . Job creation , there was a feeling in the city that worked for everyone and yes , mistakes were made , '' the former mayor said .
`` We had a few minor tax increases , but we also reduced crime with those dollars and crime is now at the lowest point in 40 years , '' Finch said in response . `` We 've reduced homelessness with those dollars ; we 've reduced homelessness by 60-percent . ''
Ganim said he intends to be on the primary ballot regardless of whether he won or lost the town committee vote .
`` I 'm looking forward to tomorrow . We 'll be out knocking on doors , proceeding to the primary , September 16 is the primary , '' he said . `` Conventions are conventions , but now the hard work starts , reaching out talking to voters . ''
To many people , a town committee vote may seem like political inside baseball , but it 's crucial to Finch and Ganim . The winner , Finch , gets the top line on ballots in the September Primary and some momentum . The loser , Ganim , has to get 2,000 signatures just to get on the ballot .
TEHRAN -- Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps is prepared to hit 35 U.S. facilities in the Middle East early in a possible attack , a corps leader said Wednesday .
Brig . Gen. Amir Ali Hajizadeh , commander of the corps ' air force , said current missile war games practiced targeting a hypothetical enemy air base that is a replica of U.S. bases in the region , the government-backed Fars news agency reported .
`` We have thought of measures to set up bases and deploy missiles to destroy all these bases in the early minutes after an attack , '' Hajizadeh said of contingency plans for any potential confrontation with the United States .
He said all of the 35 U.S. installations in the region `` are within the reach of our missiles . ''
He said lands in dispute between Palestinian and Israeli leaders `` are good targets for us as well . ''
On Tuesday , the IRGC air force began missile war games , firing short- , mid- and long-range missiles from facilities across the country at a lone target in central Iran , Fars said .
Iran 's military officials have warned that if it was attacked by either the United States or Israel , the country would target all U.S. bases in the Middle East and close the economically strategic Strait of Hormuz .
A remarkable thing happened Thursday morning in Washington . House Speaker John Boehner told tea party conservative groups exactly what he thought of them .
John Boehner channeled Howard Beale in `` Network '' today .
`` Frankly I just think they 've lost all credibility , '' Boehner said of groups like the Heritage Foundation and the Club for Growth , who have come out in opposition to the budget compromise deal expected to be voted on later Thursday in the House . `` I do n't care what they do . ''
Boehner 's rebuke of these outside groups is the culmination of several years of legislative setbacks orchestrated by a tea party wing that views any form of compromise as capitulation . From the thwarted `` Plan B '' during the fiscal cliff debate to the farm bill to relief funds for Hurricane Sandy victims to the government shutdown , Boehner has watched with increasing frustration this year as groups like Heritage , the Club and Senate Conservatives Fund have driven an immoveable wedge within the House Republican conference .
Boehner 's outburst was his second in as many days -- on Wednesday he accused these groups of `` using our members and ..... the American people for their own goals '' -- and is simply the latest sign that the GOP establishment has had just about enough of tea party conservatives . In late November , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( Ky. ) , who faces a primary challenge from his ideological right in 2014 , said that `` the Senate Conservatives Fund is giving conservatism a bad name , '' adding : `` They 're participating in ruining the brand . '' And , Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan , the author of the latest budget compromise and the party 's 2012 vice presidential candidate , lashed out at Florida Sen. Marco Rubio Thursday morning for opposing the deal ; `` Read the deal and get back to me , '' Ryan told Rubio during an appearance on MSNBC 's `` Morning Joe '' .
What explains the Republican establishment 's newfound bravery when it comes to tangling with the tea party ? Two big things :
1 ) The tea party is at historic lows in terms of public opinion . In new Gallup polling , just 30 percent of people view the movement favorably ; even one in three self-identified conservatives say the dislike the tea party . Condemning unpopular things is , you guessed it , popular .
2 ) There 's safety in numbers . McConnell threw the first stone . But now that other prominent figures within the party are coming forward to say , essentially , enough is enough , it 's now become less politically risky to add your voice to that chorus .
While many within the Republican establishment will applaud Boehner , McConnell and Ryan for their willingness to take on the tea party , the fight is not without potential negative consequences for them . While the tea party is not as popular -- even among Republicans -- as it once was , in low turnout GOP primaries it remains a force to be reckoned with . And , with seven of the 12 Republican incumbents in the Senate set to face a primary challenge from their right , there will ample opportunity for groups like the Club For Growth , Heritage , Americans for Prosperity and the Senate Conservatives Fund to prove that crossing them is a very bad idea .
Look to the May 20 primary fight between McConnell and businessman Matt Bevin and the June 3 race between Mississippi Sen. Thad Cochran and state Sen. Chris McDaniel to see whether the new confront-the-conservative-groups strategy can work . If McConnell loses or even comes close to losing , there will be absolute panic within the ranks of Senate Republicans -- panic that will only increase if Cochran falls . ( To be clear , Cochran has a much better chance of losing than does McConnell . )
This is why we have elections . Republican primary voters will get a series of chances to show which side of this fight they come down on . But make no mistake : The fight is now joined in earnest .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . earthodyssey.com
( a company in the business of innovation ) . . . . . . . . . . . . . earthodyssey.com ( a company in the business of innovation )
Tired of carrying the recycling container to the front curb ? The EarthOdyssey pulling tool lets you pull the recycling container instead of carrying it .
EarthOdyssey ™ pulling tool
$ 9.95 + $ 5.00 Shipping and Handling = $ 14.95
( for shipments to NY State , add sales tax )
( recycling container not included )
EarthOdyssey , LLC is a company dedicated to the development , production , and sale directly to the public , of patented inventions that are useful to mankind , simple to use , and economical to purchase . The inventions are intended to make life easier for people , to protect the environment , and to help preserve the resources of the earth on which we live . A particular invention may negate a need to use , for example , a powered tool to perform a task , thereby minimizing air and noise pollution . EarthOdyssey , LLC is presently featuring the EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool , a patented invention.This website will be updated on a continual basis . At a future point time online ordering will be added . In the meantime , you can order the EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool by printing the order form and sending it to us together with payment.These webpages are a convenient and easy means of obtaining information about , as well as ordering , our products . In addition , the webpages are highly interactive . Messages and prompts will appear as you navigate around the site .
A shorter version of the EarthOdyssey pulling tool is demonstrated in the video . The shorter length is adapted to a higher recycling bin .
Frequently asked questions ( FAQ )
What is the EarthOdyssey pulling tool ? Why is the EarthOdyssey pulling tool so unique ? How do I know the EarthOdyssey pulling tool will work ? What does it look like ? What does it cost and how do I buy it ? What about shipping and handling costs , guarantee and returns ?
What is the EarthOdyssey ™ pulling tool ?
View of the handle
The EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool is a unique tool that makes the chore of carrying recycling containers to the front curb much easier . In fact , you no longer carry the containers . You leave the containers on the ground and let the earth carry the weight . All you need to do is merely pull the containers along the ground . It helps to preserve your back and reduce the possibility of backaches . It can also be used during yard cleanup . Jump to another page and read more about the EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool .
Why is the EarthOdyssey ™ pulling tool so unique ?
View of hand positioning
The EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool is unique because it has acquired intellectual property rights through a patent issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office . There is no other tool like it in the country .
How do I know the EarthOdyssey ™
pulling tool will work ?
Pulling a recycling container
The EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool has been tested and proven in actual use for more than three years . It has been left outside for three years without any sign of corrosion . This is to be expected since it is made from non-corroding materials .
What does it look like ?
Close-up of hook
The EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool is approximately three feet long and has only two components , a rod and a handle . It is constructed of materials that will not corrode . Therefore , you can leave it outside all year round . The materials are also strong and lightweight . The handle both slides and swivels to allow complete flexibility of hand and wrist movement as you pull a recycling container behind you , while walking forward . Two right angles bends in the rod near the handle trap the handle in position , allowing the user to reach out and hook an item with the EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool .
What does it cost and how do I buy it ?
Hooking a bundle of branches
One EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool costs $ 9.95 plus shipping and handling . The price for each decrease if you order more than one . Sales tax is only charged on shipments to NY State . We do not accept orders from outside of the U.S . Please go to the order form if you want to print a copy of the order form and mail it to us with payment . We accept personal checks , money orders , and cashier 's checks . When the order ships , a shipping confirmation will be sent by email . Generally , shipment will take place within 72 hours after we receive your order . For personal checks , we may not ship until the check clears , which can take up to seven days . The order form includes a price list for ordering more than one EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool . Further information on ordering can be found at : How to order
What about shipping and handling
costs , guarantee and returns ?
Pulling a bundle of branches
Shipping and handling costs are itemized on the order form . The EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee . You may return it for any reason within 30 days and you will receive a full refund of your original purchase cost . However , the cost of returning the EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool must be borne by you . Also , we require that the original shipping carton be used to return it . Otherwise you may have difficulty finding an appropriate shipping carton . Authorization for a return is not necessary . Although it is not required , we ask that you include a note or send an email explaining the reason for the return so that we may better serve our other customers . Also be sure to indicate your name and address for the return credit payment .
The Story behind the EarthOdyssey pulling tool : Learn how the EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool was invented , what it 's used for , and why it can be helpful to you in your daily life . Then on the same page view more images of the EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool .
Overview
Portier ( pronounced `` Por-tee-ay '' ) is a self-hostable login service that you can use instead of passwords . Portier sits between your website and third-party services like Google Sign-In to provide your users the fastest and easiest login experience , without ever needing a new password .
Best of all , Portier works for everyone , because it can fall back to traditional `` click the link '' methods of email confirmation .
Email-first : Email addresses are decentralized , self-hostable , and useful on their own , so Portier uses email addresses instead of usernames to identify users .
Connected : Whenever possible , Portier integrates with major APIs like Google Sign-In to provide seamless , in-browser identity verification .
Decentralized : Anyone can host their own Portier Broker ; there are no centralized dependencies .
Open and Transparent : Because Portier uses email addresses , there is never any lock-in .
Portier is inspired by many projects and considers itself a spiritual successor to Mozilla Persona .
Roadmap
Done Developing Afterwards Never ( Why ? ) Support for all email addresses Self-hosted providers OpenID certification Profile metadata Google Sign-In for Gmail users Facebook integration API based on OpenID Connect Multi-domain SSO Dynamic provider discovery Identity aggregation Native browser support
Contributing
Project planning and documentation live in this site 's repository . A reference implementation is being developed in the portier-broker repository .
Join us ! We meet every Wednesday at 16:00 UTC on IRC .
Portier welcomes all contributors , and expects everyone involved in the project to conduct themselves professionally .
Please report security critical bugs directly to members of Portier 's Governance board .
Sponsors
Ottawa Fury and Canadian Men 's National Team left back/winger Marcel De Jong still does n't know what lies ahead of him when his Fury contract runs out in June . De Jong is only signed on with Ottawa for the Spring Season as he looks to stay fit and competitive ahead of the European transfer window , however if his wife and daughter have any say Marcel may just stay in Ottawa a bit longer .
After scoring Ottawa 's late equalizer on Saturday , De Jong was asked what his plans were for when his Fury contract expires , “ I do n't know , I like it here of course . My family just came over here and they really like it too . My contract is until the end of June , but nothing is for sure , so we will see what happens . ”
De Jong said he has no negotiations going on , but elaborated saying “ When I signed here it was just for four months , but obviously things change . Like I said , I like it here so who knows what happens. ” De Jong was accompanied by his young daughter for the press conference , and when asked about Ottawa she said enthusiastically “ I like it ” .
Ottawa Fury gaffer Paul Dalglish seems much less optimistic about De Jong 's future in the capital , and today 's performance may not have helped . “ I do n't think we can afford him , to be honest ” Dalglish responded when asked if there were plans to extend De Jong contract beyond June . With two goals after coming on as a half time sub on Saturday , the Canadian will likely have impressed scouts watching from abroad .
Signing De Jong was a right place right time signing for Fury , as Dalglish explained . “ He 's an international level player in the prime of his career , the only reason we got him was because he wanted to sign a short term contract and be available for the international transfer window . We 'd love to keep him but I think it 's going to be very difficult ”
Although Dalglish may not feel too confident in the clubs ability to retain the Canadian international , De Jong 's family may be enough to convince the Canadian to stay in Ottawa over a potentially more lucrative deals abroad . Until then De Jong has several more games with Fury to help them push into a playoff position and hopefully a Voyageurs Cup semi-final .
RED BANK -- Stand-up comedian and film actor Bobby Collins brings his heartfelt and witty humor to the Count Basie Theater Saturday at 8 p.m. Tickets are $ 20 to $ 39.50 . Count Basie Theater , 99 Monmouth St . Call ( 732 ) 842-9000 or visit countbasietheatre.org .
NEW BRUNSWICK -- Rutgers University-New Brunswick hosts the `` New Jersey Film Festival Spring 2015 , '' featuring new foreign films , American independent features , experimental and short subjects , revivals and documentaries on Friday and Saturday at 7 p.m. Festival director Al Nigrin recommends people attend the Super 8 Film & Digital Video Festival , the two-part festival within the festival being held on Friday and Saturday .
`` Surviving Me : The Nine Circles of Sophie , '' a coming-of-age drama about a young coed trying to get through college is a must-see , according to Nigrin . Many of the filmmakers will be present for the festival and there will be free food on both nights courtesy of Jimmy John 's of New Brunswick . The showcase runs through March 1 . General admission is $ 10 ; $ 9 for students and seniors . Rutgers University-New Brunswick , 71 Hamilton St. Visit njfilmfest.com or call ( 848 ) 932-8482 .
HACKETTSTOWN -- `` In the Car with Blossom and Len '' takes viewers on a ride through one family 's saga as they face growing up and growing older while overcoming secrets . Tickets are $ 17.50 to $ 27.50 . Centenary Stage Company , Lackland Performing Arts Center , 715 Grand Ave . Call ( 908 ) 979-0900 or visit centenarystageco.org .
FOR KIDS
HACKETTSTOWN -- Centenary Stage Company presents `` If You Give a Moose a Muffin , '' a musical about a young girl who befriends a gregarious moose , at the Lackland Performing Arts Center on Saturday at 11 a.m. Tickets are $ 10 and $ 12.50 . Centenary Stage Company , Lackland Performing Arts Center , 715 Grand Ave . Call ( 908 ) 979-0900 or visit centenarystageco.org .
RELATED : Best concerts this weekend : Jason Mraz , Chris Brown and more
MADISON -- It 'll be a cute and cuddly celebration at the Museum of Early Trades and Crafts `` Stuffed Animal Sleepover '' this weekend . Children can enjoy a snack and story time with a favorite stuffed animal or doll , whom they will then tuck into bed . Suitable for children ages 2 to 6 . The event runs Tuesdays through Saturdays , 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. ; Sundays , noon to 5 p.m. through March 1 . Tickets are $ 3 . Museum of Early Trades and Crafts , 9 Main St . Call ( 973 ) 377-2982 or visit metc.org .
SOUTH ORANGE -- The cast of `` Schoolhouse Rock Live ! '' -- a theatrical version of the Emmy Award-winning 1970s television series , which made history , math , science , grammar and politics fun to learn -- takes the stage at the South Orange Performing Arts Center on Saturday at 2 p.m .
The production invites a new generation to `` Unpack Your Adjectives '' and `` Do the Circulation '' and features such beloved songs as `` Just A Bill , '' `` Lolly , Lolly , Lolly '' and `` Conjunction Junction . '' Tickets are $ 18 and $ 25 . South Orange Performing Arts Center , 1 Sopac Way . Visit sopacnow.org or call ( 973 ) 313-2787 .
RED BANK -- Rain : A Tribute to the Beatles , the first and longest-running Fab Four tribute band , hits the stage at The Concert Venue at Harrah 's Resort Atlantic City on Friday night at 8 and the Count Basie Theater on Sunday at 3 p.m. Tickets are $ 35 to $ 69 . The Concert Venue at Harrah 's Resort Atlantic City , 777 Harrahs Blvd . Count Basie Theater , 99 Monmouth St. Visit ticketmaster.com , countbasietheatre.org or call ( 732 ) 842-9000 .
ORADELL -- The Bergen County Players presents `` Bell , Book and Candle , '' a romantic comedy by John Van Druten at the Little Firehouse Theater Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m. Sunday at 2 p.m. through March 7 . Tickets are $ 17 and $ 21 . Bergen County Players , Little Firehouse Theater , 298 Kinderkamack Road . Call ( 201 ) 261-4200 or visit bcplayers.org .
CHERRY HILL -- Celebrate the Chinese New Year at the Garden State Discovery Museum on Saturday and Sunday from 11 to 3 p.m . Guests are invited to take in the sights and sounds of the Lunar New Year celebration as they usher in the year of the goat at 2040 Springdale Road Suite 100 with craft and other activities . The museum is minutes from routes 70 and 73 and Interstate 295 . Admission is $ 12.95 for adults and children older than 1 . Call ( 856 ) 424-1233 or visit www.discoverymuseum.com .
Janelle Griffith may be reached at jgriffith @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow her on Twitter @ janellefiona . Find NJ.com/Entertainment on Facebook .
Microsoft normally restricts its Windows updates to a monthly Patch Tuesday . So when the company pushes a critical update on a Monday , it 's a good sign that shit is hitting the fan .
The security update applies to all versions of Windows since Vista , and fixes a rather gaping hole in the security : thanks to a bug in the way Windows handles custom fonts , a hacker could use a custom font on a webpage ( or document , for that matter ) to remotely execute code on your PC . In other words : visit one untrusted website with a weird font , and a malicious hacker could run code on your machine . Not surprisingly , Microsoft labelled this bug as Critical , its highest level of fuck-up .
Advertisement
The fix is available now through Windows Update , and does require a restart .
[ Microsoft via ComputerWorld ]
Contact the author at chris @ gizmodo.com .
UNITED NATIONS , Aug 11 ( Reuters ) - U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon voiced alarm on Thursday over recent reports of civilians killed in Libya 's civil war and called on all sides to do as much as possible to avoid killing innocent people .
“ The Secretary-General is deeply concerned by reports of the unacceptably large number of civilian casualties as a result of the conflict in Libya , ” Ban 's press office said in a statement .
“ The Secretary-General calls on all parties to exercise extreme caution in their actions , in order to minimize any further loss of civilian life , ” the statement said .
Earlier , the U.N. said Ban had spoken with Libyan Prime Minister Baghdadi al-Mahmudi on Wednesday , expressing his concerns about civilian casualties and the “ absolute lack of progress in the efforts to find a politically negotiated solution to the crisis in Libya . ”
In his latest statement , Ban said “ there can be no military solution to the Libyan crisis. ” He called on both sides to respond to ideas for a settlement put to them by his envoy for Libya , Abdel Elah al-Khatib .
Earlier this week , Russia , India , Brazil and other U.N. Security Council delegations voiced concerns about NATO strike on Libyan state television last month and other attacks that have allegedly killed civilians .
Irina Bokova , head of the U.N. cultural agency UNESCO , sharply rebuked NATO on Monday for the attack on Libyan television , which she said killed several people and wounded nearly a dozen .
“ I deplore the NATO strike on Al-Jamahiriya and its installations , ” Bokova said in a statement . “ Media outlets should not be targeted in military actions . ”
NATO said last month it had bombed three ground-based satellite transmission dishes in Tripoli to silence “ terror broadcasts ” on state television by Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi during the uprising against his rule .
NATO defended the strikes and said it had no evidence anyone had been killed as a result of them . ( Reporting by Louis Charbonneau ; Editing by Todd Eastham )
A number of prominent folks have been ripping into the Kindle Fire lately , claiming that it is slow , exhibits poor UX choices , and that consumers are returning them en masse . Heck , even the affable Marco Arment writes “ If I did n't need the Fire for Instapaper testing , I 'd return it . ”
Tough crowd .
But there 's another narrative that says this is a secret success . Analysts estimate that Amazon will sell 5 million of the devices this quarter , a little under half the iPads sold in Q4 2011 ( although the Fire has been on sale for a shorter period ) . I have a feeling that Amazon will hit or just graze this mark once it tallies holiday sales but , Amazon being Amazon , they 'll never announce total sales . Marco Arment or no Marco Arment , the Fire will do just fine .
The Kindle Fire is Amazon 's Trojan Horse . It 's made for the mass of men and women who have been looking into this whole tablet business and like what they see . But it is , first and foremost , a reading device and to fault it for not playing Angry Birds well or offering a sub-par Netflix experience is to ignore its primary goal : to inject the concept of Amazon content downloads into a consumer base that is increasingly inundated with video , audio , and ebook sources .
The Kindle Fire is n't for the Marco Arment 's of the world . It 's for the folks who have priced the competition – the $ 529 Xyboard , the $ 499 iPad – and refused to take the plunge . Aside from a few mid-range sources ( Vizio comes to mind , as does Viewsonic ) there has been little support for the lower end by major manufacturers . When Amazon put their might behind something that may , at best , be frustrating to power users , the general consumer will scoop it up . In short , Kindle Fire , like the Nook Color before it , was the tablet I was waiting to buy for my mom .
The Kindle Fire clearly has some issues . The power button is horrible , for example . However , if you stay in Amazon 's walled garden of books and content , straying only occasionally to download a game or app , your experience is going to be more than acceptable . What frustrates the Android and iPad power user is the sense that the Fire should be so much better . It ca n't and wo n't be . Amazon is n't selling to the power user . In a tech market obsessed with Tegra chips and Ice Cream Sandwich , the Fire is a device alone , designed from the ground up to be Amazon incarnate , from now unto eternity . Honeycomb ? They need no stinking Honeycomb .
In the end Amazon will cry all way to the bank as the Fire sells out over the holiday and is updated next year to faster and potentially slimmer hardware . It 's hard to accept , but Amazon does n't need the hardware geeks salivating over its specs . All it needs to do is serve up copies of The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet 's Nest .
Thomas Rawls : The Heir Apparent ( Image via USA Today )
How Do You Follow an Earthquake ?
The Thomas Rawls Conundrum
Ross Richendrfer Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 6 , 2016
Last year , Thomas Rawls had 147 brilliant carries for the Seattle Seahawks .
Ok , not all 147 were brilliant , but more than a few of them , and more than enough to spark Seahawks fans ' imaginations .
Running like a greased bowling ball wearing a jetpack , Rawls amassed 830 yards with a league-leading 5.6 yards per carry before injuries derailed his rookie campaign . The yardage was impressive , but it was his punishing running style that endeared Rawls most to Seahawks fans .
Seattle quickly learned that its new running back was a bad , bad man . Yes , he could be brought down , but always for a price — a helmet to the chest or a stiff arm to the face . In 13 games , Rawls looked like Iron Mike born again on the gridiron . Ferocity , impetuous style and all .
As Seattle 's beloved Beast took one last limp around the league , Rawls emerged as the heir apparent , his arrival perfectly timed for a seamless transition into the post-Marshawn era .
By the looks of it Rawls is primed for a successful NFL career . His toughness ca n't be faked , and his playmaking is n't a fluke . But “ successor ” is n't synonymous with “ second coming. ” Thomas Rawls is a lot of things , but he is n't Marshawn Lynch . Here 's the good news for the Seahawks : he does n't have to be .
It seems as if Donald Trump is doubling down on a troublesome assertion he made on Twitter yesterday . The President-elect stirred a bit of controversy with a curious tweet about the United States ' nuclear capabilities Thursday :
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) December 22 , 2016
His comments are in direct opposition with decades of American nonproliferation policy regarding our nuclear arsenal .
But on Friday 's Morning Joe , during an off-air conversation with Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough , Trump daftly asserted — according to the MSNBC duo — “ Let it be an arms race , we will outmatch them at every pass . And outlast them all. ” Remarkably , the comment came following an appearance on Morning Joe with newly-named White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer , who allegedly phoned the President-elect while sitting with Brzezinski and Scarborough ; when the phone was transferred over to Brzezinski , the above comment was reportedly made by Trump .
It was not immediately clear what prompted the Tweet on Thursday , but earlier this week Russian president Vladimir Putin used similar language to discuss Russia 's own use of nuclear forces . Jason Miller , the incoming White House communications director , later clarified that the President-elect was simply , “ emphasiz [ ing ] the need to improve and modernize our deterrent capability as a vital way to pursue peace through strength . ”
Trump 's comments were extremely worrisome to many , like Daryl Kimball of the Arms Control Association , who said , “ It is completely irresponsible for the president-elect or the president to make changes to U.S. nuclear policy in 140 characters and without understanding the implications of statements like ‘ expand the capacity . ' ”
Joe Cirincione , the president of Ploughshares Fund , a group that fights to prevent the widespread use of nuclear weapons , said directly Thursday , “ This is how arms races begin — with a battle of words . ”
Watch the breaking news report above via MSNBC ( for the record , despite the seriousness of the topic , Brzezinski and Scarborough are wearing pajamas for their final episode before Christmas . So , there 's that ) .
—
[ image via screengrab ]
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
The future of cord-cutting is here .
Hulu on Wednesday announced the launch of its long-awaited live-TV streaming service . The service , which costs $ 39.99 a month , is available in beta today .
Hulu with Live TV lets subscribers watch live and on-demand programming from about 50 channels . The subscription also comes with 50 hours of recording storage , the option for up to six user profiles , and the ability to stream on two accounts simultaneously .
“ Nearly a decade ago , Hulu forever redefined the way people watch TV . Today , as we add live sports , news and entertainment and introduce a more intuitive Hulu , we want to redefine the way people experience TV , ” Hulu CEO Mike Hopkins said in a statement . “ By bringing together thousands of live , on-demand and library shows and movies — and serving them up in a uniquely personalized way — Hulu can now be a viewer 's primary source of television . It 's a natural extension of our business , and an exciting new chapter for Hulu . ”
Hulu 's interface is n't just a cable TV menu that 's streaming . The service will blend together live TV , recorded TV , and on-demand programming in its interface so that a viewer would just pick what they want to watch without thinking about whether it 's live or on-demand . For sports programing , for example , subscribers pick what they want to watch by league and by team , not by channel . That interface is now available on Xbox One , fourth generation Apple TV , and Android mobile devices for subscribers on any version of Hulu .
You can see how the service will look in this video :
A subscription to Hulu with Live TV gives users access to Hulu 's full backlog of current , off-air and original TV shows ( with commercials ) . Turning that access into a no-commercial plan costs an extra $ 4 a month , on top of the $ 39.99 fee . Live TV , like old-fashioned live TV , comes with ads .
Users can also pay $ 14.99 for 200 hours of Cloud DVR storage and another $ 14.99 a month for the ability to watch on unlimited screens . Both upgrades together cost $ 19.99 in a package deal .
Hulu says it 's now the only pay-TV service to offer a full library of programing , original series , and live TV streaming . Hulu 's new offering is the first major live TV option from a subscription TV service , since Netflix or Amazon Prime do n't offer live TV .
Hulu 's service will also compete with cord-cutting options like Sling TV , which offers live TV streaming by channel at $ 40 and $ 25 a month . Other competitors include a $ 29 service from Dish and a $ 35 introductory version from DirecTV . Of course , for any of these services , you also have to pay for internet access .
The clear advantage for Hulu here is that a lot of people already have Hulu . If Hulu subscribers have been considering cutting the cord , but have n't made the leap yet , this could be the final push .
Hulu said it plans to announce the launch of its service at its Upfront Presentation in New York on Wednesday , an event where the service makes presentations and pitches to advertisers . Hulu also announced Wednesday that its service now reached 47 million unique viewers .
About 140 Cuban dissidents were arrested for several hours on Tuesday . Pictured : Protesters gather in the Jose Marti park in Little Havana , Miami , Fla. , on Dec. 20 , 2014 , after the announcement of President Barack Obama 's intent to establish relations between the United States and Cuba . Both countries have formally established relations and opened embassies . File Photo by Gary I Rothstein/UPI | License Photo
HAVANA , Sept. 9 ( UPI ) -- About 140 Cuban dissidents were arrested for several hours on Tuesday after they were traveling to celebrate the feast day of the island country 's patron saint .
The dissidents were going to attend a mass at the Lady of Caridad del Cobre Church when about 140 Patriotic Union of Cuba opposition group members were arrested along with about 20 woman affiliated with the Ladies in White dissident movement , Agencia EFE reported .
`` Most detentions occured in the early hours of the morning some kilometers from the Sanctuary of El Cobre in a place known as La Tanqueta '' in the eastern city of Santiago de Cuba , according to Jose Daniel Ferrer , a former political prisoner who is now the general opposition coordinator for the Patriotic Union of Cuba .
Ferrer said the dissidents were arrested to `` prevent them from attending the traditional mass for the feast day of the patron saint of Cuba . '' He said some were beaten as they were being detained .
Ferrer said he could confirm the majority of dissidents have been released . There were 768 temporary political arrests in Cuba in August , the highest this year , according to the Cuban Commission for Human Rights and National Reconciliation .
FEBRUARY 11 -- A Georgia motorist was masturbating when he plowed his vehicle into a van that had stopped at an intersection , police report .
According to cops , Donald Marvin Johnson , 63 , was “ physically distracted ” while driving his Saturn Ion Monday morning in Martinez , an Augusta suburb .
Johnson , seen at right , was “ following too closely ” when he rear-ended a Chevrolet Astro van .
As detailed in a Columbia County Sheriff 's Office report , driver Ricartia McBride , 28 , told police that she saw Johnson 's car “ swerving and driving recklessly ” before the crash , adding that his vehicle “ almost hit her two or three times . ”
McBride , cops reported , said that , “ the last time she looked over at Mr. Johnson , he had his penis exposed outside of his pants and was physically masturbating . ”
Johnson was arrested for public indecency and following too closely and booked into the Columbia County jail , where he is being held on $ 11,200 bond .
According to court records , Johnson was previously convicted of public indecency in 2008 , a bust that came after he was spotted masturbating behind the wheel .
The incident report describes Johnson as right handed , and notes that no weapon or tool was used during the commission of the alleged crime . ( 3 pages )
I have no idea where I stand in line to the throne . A friend once suggested I was 12,957th , but that seems rather high up the list for someone with my background , my Dad having been a council gardener . On the plus side , I think this means I am what Prince Harry calls a “ normal ” person .
In an interview he 's given from a remote island off New Zealand , Harry says he would like to work with some of these normal people , presumably to give him a break from the ones who have titles . Most expectant parents look forward to a boy or a girl , but he belongs to a family where news of a birth is greeted with the words , “ It 's a princess ! ” Apparently Harry would also like to try his hand at earning a “ wage ” – although he did n't specify whether he meant “ minimum ” . London is expensive and he might find it hard to keep up a flat in Kensington Palace on £6.50 an hour .
What amazes me is the unquestioning way “ royal correspondents ” respond to these inanities . Members of the royal family talk with faint regret about how hard it is for them to do ordinary things , as though they secretly long to be just like the rest of us .
In reality , Harry 's aunt , Princess Anne , recently used a royal helicopter to pick her up from an engagement in London so she would n't miss the first race at Cheltenham . As I once pointed out about Princess Diana , there 's nothing to stop any of these people ditching the title and getting a job . Oh , and I heartily recommend a railcard .
It 's not helping , Sally
I feel sorry for Sally Bercow . I 've only met her once and she seemed nice enough , though perhaps lacking in a protective layer that most of us take for granted . Being married to the Speaker of the House of Commons has brought her a kind of fame that she seems increasingly unable to cope with , speaking to the press when every instinct should tell her to stop . She 's currently on crutches , recovering from a badly broken leg , but that has n't deterred her from posing for pictures and talking about the state of her marriage .
The fact that she 's distraught after having an affair with her husband 's cousin , who has now returned to his wife , is all in the public domain . I ca n't help wishing it was n't , not just for her sake but also because of the impact on her husband and children .
Sometimes the people who most want to talk to the press are the least able to cope with the consequences , attracting scorn and derision when they are very evidently in need of help . Attention-seeking may be a way of dealing with pain , but it rarely works .
My own green shoots
All weekend , as I reeled from lack of sleep and disbelief at the election results , I had one small thing to comfort me . It 's actually not that small , about four metres by eight . I 'm inordinately proud that I 've managed to grow a lawn . That bare piece of earth outside the kitchen doors is now a lush green ; I also have a fine crop of weeds , but I 'm frankly amazed to see any grass at all .
When I was a child , my parents moved house a lot and Dad was always scarifying a patch of earth and scattering grass seed . I still regard buying turf as a shoddy compromise , so you can imagine my horror when I discovered that Peter Jones is selling artificial lawns by the metre . We live in dark times , and I keep telling myself it 's healthier to grow a lawn than to curse the Tories .
@ polblonde
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - The Russian government is considering a 5 percent cut in defense procurement spending this year , sources say , showing not even Vladimir Putin 's plan to restore Moscow 's military might is immune to the pain of a slowing economy .
Russian servisemen drive T-72 main battle tanks during a parade to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of the World War Two in the Far Eastern city of Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk , Russia , September 2 , 2015 . REUTERS/Sergei Krasnoukhov
The president has made beefing up the military a national priority , and the fact it is up for discussion is a sign that no area is safe from budget cuts as Russia begins a second year of recession following a fall in oil prices and Western sanctions .
The proposal is backed by the finance ministry and has the support of several other ministries and state institutions , enough for it to be put forward for discussion at a cabinet meeting , four official sources said .
A 5 percent cut in defense procurement spending would save the government no more than 100 billion roubles ( $ 1.29 billion ) , according to an estimate by one official who spoke to Reuters .
“ But this is not about money , it is about a political precedent , ” the official said .
If approved , the 5 percent cut would be the biggest in defense spending under Putin , who has been Russia 's dominant leader since 2000 . In 2011 , while prime minister , he announced plans to revitalize the Russian army and its aging equipment by spending 23 trillion roubles by 2020 .
The cut would represent a small but symbolic victory for the finance ministry which has said Russia can no longer afford a multi-billion-dollar revamp of the armed forces and called for a 10 percent spending across ministries .
Defense spending is budgeted at 4 percent of gross domestic product this year , or about a fifth of all government spending , and Russia has military engagements in Syria and Ukraine .
Moscow spent 2 trillion roubles on defense procurement in 2015 , Deputy Defense Minister Tatiana Shevtsova said last year . That represented over 60 percent of total budget spending on national defense .
IMPOSSIBLE BURDEN
One of the sources , who all spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity , said there had been talk of proposing a 7 percent cut but there was “ mighty opposition ” from the defense ministry to that plan and the reduction would probably be 5 percent .
There is no final decision and it is yet to be approved by the prime minister or the president , two senior officials said .
“ But we are trying to persuade our bosses that it is impossible for the budget to bear such spending today , ” a source in the finance ministry said .
A finance ministry spokeswoman declined to comment . The defense ministry did not immediately reply to a request for comment .
Asked whether Russia was considering cutting military spending , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said various options are being considered and a final decision had not been taken .
Budget amendments , which would include the cut in spending on defense orders , are to be submitted in April .
The 2016 budget adopted last October allowed for a rise in military spending even though the economy was in recession , hit by the slump in the price of oil and Western sanctions imposed over Russia 's actions in Ukraine .
Already the world 's third biggest spender on defense , after doubling expenditures in the past decade , Russia has allocated 3.14 trillion roubles to the military this year , up from 3.12 trillion roubles in 2015 .
That increase was approved despite finance ministry opposition and followed a battle among government factions over whether Russia should prioritize national defense or fiscal stability .
When Putin announced his defense revamp in 2011 , the government expected GDP growth of 6 percent throughout the decade . This year the economy is facing its second year in row of falling GDP , its longest recession in two decades .
Oil , which together with a small basket of other commodities makes up half of state revenues , is now selling at slightly above $ 30 per barrel , just over half the level the Russian government had expected for this year in late 2015 .
Russia has not said how much it is spending on military operations in Syria that began on Sept. 30 . But Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said last year there were no plans to provide additional financing in 2016 to cover the cost of the operation .
Stranger Things took home the honor for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series at tonight 's SAG Awards , but David Harbour deserves another award all together for his impassioned acceptance speech .
The actor , who plays Chief Jim Hopper on the hit Netflix series , stepped to the mic to deliver thanks on behalf of his co-stars . But once he got through the standard acknowledgements , he turned his attention to recent political events , with particular focus on President Trump 's damaging immigration policies . His hands shaking as he read from a piece of paper , he segued into a call to arms for his fellow actors to “ go deeper and through our art battle against fear , self-centeredness , and exclusivity of our predominantly narcissistic culture . ”
“ As we act in the continuing narrative of Stranger Things , we 1983 Midwesterners will repel bullies , ” Harbour shouted from the podium . “ We will shelter freaks and outcasts , those who have no home . We will get past the lies . We will hunt monsters ! And when we are at a loss amidst the hypocrisy and the casual violence of certain individuals and institutions , we will , as per Chief Hopper , punch some people in the face when they seek to destroy the weak and the disenfranchised and the marginalized ! And we will do it all with soul , with heart , and with joy . We thank you for this responsibility . ”
Winona Ryder 's reactions through the entire thing pretty much said it all . Watch the powerful speech in its entirety above .
KRT bulletin shows North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un in this still image taken from video on September 9 , 2016 . KRT/via Reuters
By Jack Kim and Michelle Nichols
SEOUL/UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - North Korea conducted its fifth and biggest nuclear test on Friday and said it had mastered the ability to mount a warhead on a ballistic missile , ratcheting up a threat that rivals and the United Nations have been powerless to contain .
The blast , on the 68th anniversary of North Korea 's founding , drew a fresh wave of global condemnation . The United States said it would work with partners to impose new sanctions , and called on China to use its influence as North Korea 's main ally to pressure Pyongyang to end its nuclear program .
Under 32-year-old third-generation leader Kim Jong-un , North Korea has sped up development of its nuclear and missile programs , despite U.N. sanctions that were tightened in March and have further isolated the impoverished country .
The United Nations Security Council strongly condemned the test and said it would begin work immediately on a resolution . The United States , Britain and France pushed the 15-member body to impose new sanctions .
U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon urged the group to remain united and take action that would `` urgently break this accelerating spiral of escalation . ''
U.S. President Barack Obama said after speaking by telephone with South Korean President Park Geun-hye and with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that they had agreed to work with the Security Council and other powers to vigorously enforce existing measures against North Korea and to take `` additional significant steps , including new sanctions . ''
U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter called for a redoubling of international pressure on North Korea and singled out the role he said China should play .
`` It 's China 's responsibility , '' he told a news conference during a visit to Norway . `` China has and shares an important responsibility for this development and has an important responsibility to reverse it . ''
China said it was resolutely opposed to the test and urged Pyongyang to stop taking any actions that would worsen the situation . It said it would lodge a protest with the North Korean embassy in Beijing .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying would not be drawn , however , on whether China would support tougher sanctions against its neighbor .
South Korea 's Park said Kim was showing `` maniacal recklessness '' in completely ignoring the world 's call to abandon his pursuit of nuclear weapons . Russia , the European Union , NATO , Germany and Britain also condemned the test .
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States remained open to `` credible and authentic '' talks on the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula , but added that North Korea had shown it would not be a credible negotiating partner . Six-party talks on the issue involving North and South Korea , the United States , Japan , Russia and China stalled in 2008 .
North Korea , which labels the South and the United States as its main enemies , said its `` scientists and technicians carried out a nuclear explosion test for the judgment of the power of a nuclear warhead , '' according to its official KCNA news agency .
It said the test proved North Korea was capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on a medium-range ballistic missile , which it last tested on Monday when Obama and other world leaders were gathered in China for a G20 summit .
Pyongyang 's claims of being able to miniaturize a nuclear warhead have never been independently verified .
Its continued testing in defiance of sanctions presents a challenge to Obama in the final months of his presidency and could become a factor in the U.S. presidential election in November , and a headache to be inherited by whoever wins .
`` Sanctions have already been imposed on almost everything possible , so the policy is at an impasse , '' said Tadashi Kimiya , a University of Tokyo professor specializing in Korean issues .
`` In reality , the means by which the United States , South Korea and Japan can put pressure on North Korea have reached their limits , '' he said .
U.S. stock markets fell , partly because of an increase in investor nervousness following North Korea 's nuclear test . The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 2.1 percent and the S & P and Nasdaq both 2.5 percent
UNPRECEDENTED RATE
North Korea has been testing different types of missiles at an unprecedented rate this year , and the capability to mount a nuclear warhead on a missile is especially worrisome for its neighbors South Korea and Japan .
Mr Cahuzac , a cabinet heavyweight , had been tasked with fighting tax evasion . Judges have now launched an investigation into allegations that he held a secret Swiss bank account .
The resignation is an embarrassment and a blow to President François Hollande as his government seeks to redraft deficit reduction plans to maintain fiscal credibility with France 's euro zone partners . Mr Cahuzac was responsible for making drastic government spending cuts .
He had repeatedly dismissed as `` crazy '' a report in December by French investigative news website Mediapart that he held an undisclosed account at the Swiss bank UBS until the start of 2010 .
`` I have never had an account in Switzerland or any other place abroad , '' he said at the time .
Mediapart alleged that Mr Cahuzac closed the account just days before becoming president of the National Assembly finance committee . He then `` discreetly '' paid a trip to Geneva to shift the undisclosed sums to `` another tax haven in Asia '' , it claimed , citing `` sources informed of the operation '' .
It had released a recording of a telephone call in which a male voice it said was Mr Cahuzac can be heard saying : `` What bothers me is that I 've still got this account open at UBS . UBS is not necessarily the most hidden of banks . ''
The public prosecutor said police laboratory tests showed the voice was `` probably '' that of Mr Cahuzac and that three witnesses had recognised his voice .
`` In other words , the result of our analysis reinforces the hypothesis that Jerome Cahuzac is the unidentified speaker , '' the office of the Paris prosecutor said in a statement .
Europe Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has been appointed his successor .
French prosecutors opened a preliminary investigation into the affair in January , but the decision to open a full-blown `` fiscal fraud '' investigation , even though it does not name Mr Cahuzac , made his cabinet position untenable .
Investigating magistrates are now expected to conduct deeper investigations in Switzerland and Singapore .
Mediapart co-founder Edwy Plenel said the investigation `` confirms line by line all the information put in the public sphere by Mediapart '' .
`` It logically concludes what we have been saying , namely that a judicial inquiry is required to conduct international investigations . '' Mr Cahuzac said that he was `` innocent '' and denounced what he called `` slanderous accusations '' .
Nicole Kidman thinks it 's time Americans get behind President-elect Donald Trump .
The actress , who was born in Hawaii but raised in Australia , said it 's time to let go and accept the results of the election .
`` [ Trump is ] now elected and we , as a country , need to support whoever is the president , '' Kidman said on the red carpet for her new film `` Lion . ''
The actress , who lives in Nashville with her country superstar husband and holds dual Australian and American citizenship , added , `` That is what the country is based on . And however that happened , it happened , and let 's go . ''
STAR POLITICS : WHO LEANS LEFT AND WHO LEANS RIGHT ?
Kidman 's opinion differs greatly from most of her Hollywood colleagues . Most recently , Meryl Streep was praised by her fellow celebrities for standing up against the President-elect in her Golden Globes acceptance speech .
However , there are some stars who are sick of their fellow entertainers ' political rants .
Country star Travis Tritt said on Twitter earlier this week , `` If you have fans who respect your talent enough to spend hard earned money to see your talent , be thankful and gracious and leave it at that . ''
Piers Morgan echoed Tritt 's words , adding he has n't `` heard such elitist snobbery since Hillary Clinton branded Trump supporters ' a basket of deplorables . ' ''
Scientist and chairman of the Scientific Advisory Council to the Prime Minister , Professor C N R Rao , has slammed corporate India for “ pathetic ” contribution towards science and education in the country .
Advertising
In comments published in the Current Science journal of the Indian Academy of Sciences , Rao said , “ It would not be entirely fair of me to ask ( chairman emeritus of Infosys Ltd ) Narayana Murthy as to what the industry has done for the society other than making products and profit… It would be wonderful if Narayan Murthy and others collect a few billion dollars so that we can set up a university such as Stanford . ”
He added that if the industry were to fund such a university , he would be “ delighted to work full time to build such an institution without any remuneration ” .
The trigger for the Bharat Ratna awardee 's attack on industry leaders appears to be Murthy 's recent convocation address at the Indian Institute of Science ( IISc ) , Bangalore , where he questioned the contribution of institutions such as IITs and IISc . Murthy had said that there has not been a single invention from India which has gone on to become a household name globally in the last 60 years .
[ related-post ]
Advertising
When contacted , Rao told The Indian Express from Bangalore that in the last 55 years he has spent in the field of education , the Indian industry has done nothing for the sector . “ Globally , around 40-50 per cent of the scientific research in institutions are supported by industry and the remaining 50 per cent is supported by the government . In India , however , it is all by the government . So the industry has no business talking about education and criticising it , ” he said .
In the article , Rao said that while Indian universities used to contribute significantly to research , the country has allowed them to decay , leaving a few institutions to shoulder the responsibility of good research , development and innovation .
“ It is generally agreed that we have to improve the quality of education at all levels , but we should give due credit to what has been accomplished by some of our institutions such as IISc… The primary responsibility of IISc , IITs and such institutions is the education of undergraduates and postgraduates in science and engineering . In this respect , they have done as good a job as one can . These graduates have performed well in India and in leading institutions elsewhere , ” he said .
When contacted , Murthy told The Indian Express that while Rao has every right to say what he wants , he has already said what he wanted to . “ He is a great scientist , is much respected and has great accomplishments . So when he says something , all of us should listen to him with respect , ” Murthy said .
In the article , Rao also said that while IISc and some IITs have produced leaders in academics , industry and government , it is also true that it has not been possible to work at the same level as Harvard , MIT or Berkeley for various reasons .
“ Our funding has been pathetic . All the funding comes from the government and the industry has contributed little . The government has not increased its spending on education above two per cent of the GDP ; for science , it is less than one per cent of the GDP . It is high time they are six per cent and two per cent of the GDP , respectively . Many of my friends from the West have felt that for the investment made , India has done pretty well , ” he said .
He said that while more investment is needed to create better facilities , it is equally important to work harder under the existing conditions .
Advertising
“ We have to make more effort on pressing problems of society like energy , water , environment and so on . It is possible that this is what Murthy may have meant rather than implying that IISc and IITs have done nothing for society . To take up such major challenges , we would require a different type of infrastructure and funding . I hope that our industry will start contributing to such efforts , ” Rao said .
Michael Jackson 's Thriller 3D will make its world premiere at the 74th Venice Film Festival 2017 , announced the Estate of Michael Jackson today . Using the original 35mm film negative from Michael 's archives , Optimum Productions and director John Landis supervised an elaborate and labor intensive process to convert the acclaimed film to 3D , and all the audio has been updated to 5.7 , 7.1 and Atmos standards to create the highest quality audio and visual experience . Read more :
Michael Jackson 's Thriller 3D World Premiere At The Venice Film Festival 2017
Michael Jackson 's Thriller 3D , long rumored and highly anticipated by fans , will make its world premiere at the 74th Venice Film Festival 2017 , announced the Estate of Michael Jackson today . Additional media assets : www.mjthriller.net
Creating Michael Jackson 's Thriller 3D , the original iconic short film , directed by John Landis and written by Landis and Michael Jackson , was not reedited or recut in any way . Rather Optimum Productions brought Landis in and together they supervised an elaborate and labor intensive process that began with the original 35mm film negative from Michael 's archives and resulted in a 3D conversion of the acclaimed film using the latest available technology .
To complement the enhanced visuals , all of the audio , including Michael 's music , Elmer Bernstein 's score and the sound effects , has also been updated to 5.7 , 7.1 and Atmos standards in order to create the highest quality audio and visual experience for in theater viewing which is how Michael and Landis intended the film to be enjoyed .
In making the announcement , John Landis said , “ I am so happy to have had the chance not only to restore but enhance Michael Jackson 's Thriller ! We took full advantage of the remarkable advances in technology to add new dimensions to both the visual and the audio bringing it to a whole new level . Even though Thriller was shot traditionally , I was able to use the 3-D creatively . Let me just warn you , there is a rather shocking surprise in there ! ”
John Branca and John McClain , co-executors of the Estate of Michael Jackson said , “ Michael Jackson made Thriller a rich theatrical experience : fun , funny , scary and wildly entertaining . No one before or since has made anything like it . Michael Jackson 's Thriller 3D is a modern day technical enhancement of his and John Landis ' original vision , and I think fans will love it . ”
From the beginning Michael Jackson and John Landis set out to produce Thriller with the aesthetics of a feature film . Michael was a fan of An American Werewolf In London , and called Landis to collaborate on the project . Academy Award-winning make-up artist Rick Baker was brought in for the elaborate prosthetic transformation of Michael and the cast . Michael Peters collaborated with Michael on the choreography . John Branca , Michael 's attorney at the time and now the co-executor of his Estate with John McClain , worked out a deal with MTV and Showtime for a first of its kind “ making of ” documentary , Making of Michael Jackson 's Thriller , to offset the cost of making the short film .
Thriller premiered at the AVCO Theatre in Los Angeles in 1983 , and it sold out every night for three weeks . No other music film generated such excitement and has such a hold on our attention , such that more than three decades later , we all share it as a collective memory and it remains the only music video to be inducted into the elite National Film Registry by the Library of Congress . It is fitting that Michael Jackson 's Thriller 3D and Making of Michael Jackson 's Thriller will premiere at the prestigious Venice Film Festival , the oldest film festival in the world . The Making of Michael Jackson 's Thriller was available on VHS from 1983-1990 , and has never been available for purchase in any format since then . Its screening in Venice will mark the first time that the award-winning documentary has ever been shown in a theater .
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS : The following provided services for the creation of Michael Jackson 's Thriller 3D :
2D Film Restoration – Deluxe Lab
3D Film Conversion – Legend3D
Audio Work – NBCUniversal Studio Post Feature Sound and Humberto Gatica and Martin Nessi
Shane Battier , who said two months ago that he would be retiring after this NBA season barring an “ act of God , ” has agreed to a multi-year TV deal with ESPN to be a college basketball analyst next season , multiple people told The Big Lead .
It 's unclear yet if ESPN will use Battier , 35 , as a game analyst , in the studio , or on the set of College Gameday , which is being revamped . Battier 's agent , Jim Ornstein , did n't return a call today seeking comment . ESPN spokesman Josh Krulewitz said the network had “ no comment. ” The deal is n't expected to be announced until after the Finals are complete . The people spoke on the condition of anonymity because the deal has not been announced .
Battier , who starred at Duke , is in his 13th season in the NBA . Thursday , his Miami Heat will attempt to win a third consecutive NBA Championship . Battier 's contract with the team is up in July . In March , he offered his strongest retirement quote so far :
Yes . Shane Battier is retiring after season . No more equivocating . “ It would take an act of God to change it & that act of God has n't come. ” — Ethan J. Skolnick ( @ EthanJSkolnick ) March 28 , 2014
Battier reportedly had an offer to run for Senate in his home state of Michigan , but passed .
One source joked that if Battier were to join ESPN 's College Gameday , he could sit alongside Jay Bilas and Jay Williams – two other former Duke stars – in an ironic move that would feed the “ ESPN loves Duke ” cries from fans .
Related : Shane Battier Praises Ass of Shane Battier in Shane Battier Photo
Related : Shane Battier 's High School Yearbook Photo Looks Eerily Similar to Two Other Famous High School Ladies ' Men
Related : Shane Battier Kneed Roy Hibbert in the Balls [ Video ]
NEW ORLEANS -- There was an unusual sighting Sunday along the lakefront .
One of the city 's new mobile traffic enforcement cameras sported a bright orange envelope after it was ticketed by the Orleans Levee District police .
The mobile unit was parked on the sidewalk across the street from Brisbi 's restaurant near West End Boulevard and Lakeshore Drive .
Chef David Defelice said it created quite the spectacle , especially when police showed up to ticket the vehicle .
“ It was just funny . I mean , one agency ticketing another agency ? '' Defelice said . “ It 's not something you see every day . ”
Metairie attorney Charles Ciaccio took pictures of the mobile unit showing the parking ticket on the windshield .
He and attorney Frank D'Amico are suing the city , claiming the speed and red light camera program was illegally implemented and does n't provide procedural due process .
Not only was the car parked on the sidewalk , Ciaccio said , it was also obstructing the view of drivers who tried to pull out of a nearby parking lot .
“ It 's supposedly being used for enhancing public safety , ” Ciaccio said . “ In fact , it is a detriment to public safety . ”
A City Hall spokeswoman , however , said that public-safety vehicles can park where necessary to deter speeding .
“ This vehicle was operating in a public safety capacity , ” said Erin Burns , Mayor Mitch Landrieu 's press secretary .
D'Amico also objected to the location of a sign on the ground that notifies drivers about the speed-camera enforcement .
“ The notice is so close to the car that it does n't give the operator time to slow down and it 's placed low -- not where the posted speed limit sign is , '' D'Amico said .
One driver Eyewitness News spoke with suggested the city toss out any violations caught by the mobile camera at the time it was parked on the sidewalk .
“ One wrong does n't trump another wrong , so my feeling is thrown out the tickets , ” Beth Sabo said .
Back at Brisbi 's Restaurant , Chef Defelice said he appreciated the speed enforcement .
“ I like them out here , especially on the weekend , ” Defelice said . “ It gets dangerous . You get these youngsters out here and they are literally drag racing down Lakeshore Drive . ”
Here is the City of New Orleans ' full statement :
The purpose of the City of New Orleans Traffic Safety program is to deter red light violations , reduce speeding violations , increase traffic situational awareness and reduce collision severity . While operating in an official capacity , City of New Orleans public safety vehicles may park at any location or right-of-away within the City to deter illegal driving behavior . This vehicle was operating in a public safety capacity .
If you popped Radio 4 on this morning , chances are the famous Today programme filled your living room . From the dulcet tones of wounded politicians to atrocious racing tips , the morning news magazine is arguably British radio 's most well-known show , with 7.18 million listeners a week according to the latest RAJAR figures .
But did you know that as well as excoriating slippery MPs , the tech behind Today , and Radio 4 , plays a key part in the defence of Britain 's shores ? Read on and we 'll tell you just how Humphrys and co keep our boys in the loop about any attacks on Blighty .
While chances are us tech types are tuning into Radio 4 on our DAB radios , or listening again on BBC iPlayer , some of you out there may still like to get your daily dose of The Archers on Radio 4 Long Wave . Found at 198 on the AM signal , this version of Radio 4 broadcasts the shipping forecast , the Daily Service and the cricket Test Match Special . But it 's Radio 4 Long Wave that 's at the core of our national security .
See , this frequency can be picked up by all four of Britain 's nuclear submarines , deep under the blue at secret locations around the globe . Word is that if the captains of these Trident-armed subs ca n't tune into Britain 's flagship morning radio show for three consecutive days , then they know the UK is done for and it 's time to break out the codes and fire off the deadly weapons . These codes are stashed in a lock box and handwritten by the Prime Minister and are only to be opened when Radio 4 falls silent .
This juicy gossip was first revealed in The Secret State : Whitehall and the Cold War 1945 to 1970 , written by eminent historian Peter Hennessy . Understandably , it 's not without controversy . Some claim that because Hennessy has failed to reveal the source for his information that it 's all largely nonsense .
Yet when Today went off the air briefly during a fire alarm at BBC Broadcasting House in November 2003 , word is there was panic amongst the admiralty , as Trident subs tried to discover why the show had gone down . The 15 minute hiatus obviously did n't cause too much a public stink , but you can be sure the Beeb would n't want a similar incident happening again .
Yet it 's not just nuclear subs that use Radio 4 's 198 frequency for something other than checking the score at Lord 's and seeing how the weather is off Malin Head . Old-school radio-teleswitching ( RTS ) electricity meters , designed to check when cheap electricity is available during so-called Economy 7 off-peak hours , also uses Auntie 's long-wave channel .
But times are changing . Economy 7 users who move into new houses are now getting digital meters rather than old-school RTS ones , while Radio 4 Long Wave itself is starting a ‘ long goodbye ' with the growth of internet and digital services now meaning it 's become far more niche than before .
While the service will continue on digital and online platforms , the 198 frequency is on its way out . Earlier this year the BBC was forced to buy up the 10 remaining glass valves that transmit the 198 signal . Once they go , which experts says could be by the end of the decade , Radio 4 Long Wave as we know it will fall silent .
That may not be an issue as more areas of the country get digital radio access . But for the Navy 's nuclear subs , it could mean looking for new ways to work out whether we 've suffered a major attack back at home .
SAINT PETERSBURG - SEPTEMBER 06 : U.S. President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel arrive to pose with other leaders for a group photo during the G20 summit on September 6 , 2013 in St. Petersburg , Russia . Leaders of the G20 nations made progress on tightening up on multinational company tax avoidance , but remain divided over the Syrian conflict as they enter the final day of the Russian summit . ( Photo by Alexey Filippov /Host Photo Agency via Getty Images )
A majority of Americans think that current oversight over data the NSA can collect about Americans is inadequate , and almost half think oversight of the data the NSA collects about foreigners is inadequate , according to a new HuffPost/YouGov poll .
According to the new poll , 54 percent of Americans think federal courts and rules put in place by Congress do not provide adequate oversight over the phone and Internet data the NSA can collect about Americans , while only 17 percent said that the oversight is adequate .
And respondents were almost as likely to say that oversight of the NSA 's data collection is inadequate even for programs targeting foreigners . Forty-eight percent said that oversight is inadequate , and only 20 percent said that it is adequate .
The poll comes after reports in recent weeks that the NSA has collected data on citizens of various U.S. allies , including France and Spain , as well as the revelation that the NSA has in the past tracked several leaders ' communications , such as the cell phone of German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
A plurality of Americans -- 47 percent -- said that revelations about the U.S. tracking phone calls of foreigners living in U.S.-allied countries has hurt U.S. standing abroad . But 14 percent said the revelations have helped , and 17 percent said it has neither helped nor hurt . Still , only 43 percent said they had heard a lot about the programs , while 44 percent had heard a little and 13 percent had heard nothing at all .
Although the poll finds relatively few Americans think President Barack Obama directed NSA surveillance programs on either Americans or foreigners , most think he at least knew about them , contrary to claims by some officials that Obama did n't know until recently about the NSA surveillance of heads of state .
Although only 23 percent of respondents said that they believed Obama had directed the programs targeting foreigners , another 45 percent said that he at least knew about them . Only 8 percent said they believed he did n't know .
Similarly , 26 percent said they believed Obama directed surveillance programs aimed at Americans , while another 46 percent said he knew about them and only 5 percent said they believed he did n't know .
The HuffPost/YouGov poll was conducted Oct. 29-30 among 1,000 U.S. adults using a sample selected from YouGov 's opt-in online panel to match the demographics and other characteristics of the adult U.S. population . Factors considered include age , race , gender , education , employment , income , marital status , number of children , voter registration , time and location of Internet access , interest in politics , religion and church attendance .
Just wanted to pop in and say that a lot of the issues that have been brought up are fixed in the build that you will be playing when Garrosh comes out .
Always impressed with the standard that you guys have for our work . We wanted to hit that bar with the video but you 're seeing a few bugs . We had a list of things we noticed when we were able to review the footage and were unable to fix/reshoot . This happens . It 's the reality of production of a game that updates as frequently as we do .
Hi guys ! Wanted to clear some things up . What I said was in reference to some of the bugs that showed up in our spotlight video . There were a number of items we were unable to fix . Here 's the original quote.In reference to Garrosh 's Q . We liked the idea of the butt of Gorehowl being used to cause the ripple . Our animators have a goal of giving variety to the methods our heroes use their weapons . Slamming his axe down is very similar to Thrall slamming Doomhammer down during Sundering or Sonya when she does Seismic Slam . The point is that there are many movements that are very similar and we found a motion with a weapon that we had n't done yet . This will give Garrosh a distinct windup which is important to recognize in a team fight.In response to Bloodthirst time is the issue here . It had to be quick from a design perspective and the animation had to match . Your suggestions are cool for sure . Heroes are rated as a teen game which limits our use of things like blood . If you have a problem noticing this as a player when you get your hands on him let us know.Bringing a character like Garrosh to Heroes can be challenging . Everyone has an opinion on if he should be a bruiser or assassin . Everyone has an impression of what his abilities should be and what they should look like . We 're not going to line up on every one of these details . We are happy with how the sounds and animations turned out and once you get the build with Garrosh in it and play him please take a look at what we have created for you guys . I think you 'll find that the bugs you see in the spotlight video will be resolved ( we may miss a couple but please let us know ! ) . We hope that you enjoy him as a hero . We do .
The private sector can manage . Freed from the constraints of an unaffordably large public sector , the economy has the wherewithal to create more than 2m jobs in the next five years . That was the gist of the report from the Office for Budget Responsibility ( OBR ) brought forward yesterday in response to the Guardian 's story about the employment losses from George Osborne 's spending cuts .
The OBR 's figures differed slightly from those in yesterday 's Guardian , but not materially so . It estimates that public-sector employment will drop by 490,000 by 2014-15 and by 601,000 by 2015-16 . That is broadly in line with the range of 100,000-120,000 jobs lost each year in the leaked Treasury impact assessment . It gave no specific numbers for the private-sector jobs that would be lost as a result of the knock-on effects of the chancellor 's budget , but the figures in the Guardian story of 120,000-140,000 a year have not been challenged .
Despite that hit to jobs , the OBR said that overall employment would pick up in every year from now , rising from 28.89m to 29.97m by 2015 . That 's a net increase of 1.08m even after the impact of the budget is accounted for , and well over 2m jobs in all . If the OBR is right , the economy will be creating jobs at a rate of 400,000-plus on average in each of the next five years .
This is not impossible , but looks severely testing . In the recovery of the 1990s , when interest rates were cut aggressively and the pound depreciated by 25 % , it took seven years for employment to grow by 1m . In the 13 years of Labour government after 1997 , 2.5m jobs were created in a period that included a housing boom , a bubble in the City and the creation of 800,000 jobs in the public sector .
Quite rightly , Osborne thinks that the economy should be less dependent on consumer spending and financial services over the coming years , and is seeking a rebalancing of the economy over the next five years . Even if – and it is a big if – we are about to witness the long-awaited renaissance of British manufacturing , there is unlikely to be a big increase in employment in industry . Productivity is typically higher in manufacturing than the rest of the economy , and , thanks to the increasing use of hi-tech kit , needs to employ fewer and fewer people for the same amount of output .
So where would the 2m jobs come from ? Financial services were never a big generator of employment even in the boom years , and the City is as likely to get smaller than bigger over the next five years . Construction is also unlikely to expand , as any pick-up in house building and commercial property will be matched by the drying-up of public-sector work . That leaves only three real motors of growth – retailing , business services , and personal services .
Yet a big increase in two of these sectors – retailing and personal services – requires consumers to have plenty of money in their pockets to hit the high street or to pay for gym-club memberships , beauty treatments and the like . Yet the OBR 's breakdown of national output shows that consumer spending will grow far less rapidly than in the boom years .
Osborne has been advised that the need to finance big public-sector deficits is crowding out investment in the private sector and that paring back the state will lead to lower interest rates . It will be cheaper borrowing , the chancellor believes , that will deliver the jobs growth . The opposing economic camp says crowding out by the public sector is only a factor when the economy is operating at full capacity , when the public and private sectors are competing for resources . After the longest and deepest recession since the second world war , Britain has plenty of spare capacity .
For the OBR 's forecasts to come good , Osborne needs three things . He needs interest rates – short and long-term – to stay low . He needs the international environment to remain benign . And he needs a lot of good fortune . To be fair to the chancellor , though , he never said it would be easy . It would n't have been easy under Labour either .
A new poll from The Wall Street Journal and NBC News finds that 15 percent of Democratic voters named climate change as the most important issue facing the country . That was the third most common response among Democrats , behind jobs and health care .
This marks a potentially major shift in public opinion ( if it turns out the WSJ/NBC poll is n't an outlier — a Gallup poll from last year found that even Democrats are less likely to name climate change a top issue than economic or national security concerns ) .
For years polls have consistently shown that a majority of Americans , and a large majority of Democrats , accept climate science and want to reduce carbon emissions . The problem is that people believe lots of things but do n't necessarily vote on them . Those same polls have generally shown that relatively few Americans view climate change as a pressing issue or their top policy priority .
The predictable result has been that Republican politicians are free to please their science-denying base , resting assured that while swing voters do not agree with them , they wo n't punish them for it either . Democratic politicians , meanwhile , support action to address climate change but have tended to avoid prioritizing it . And while they mollify their base with some efforts to limit emissions and support clean energy , they simultaneously pander to Americans ' obsession with the mirage of “ energy independence ” by expanding domestic fossil fuel production .
Environmentalists want that to change , and they are calling on President Obama and Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton to abandon the “ all of the above ” energy strategy . The WSJ/NBC poll should give them reason to be optimistic . An issue need n't be a top priority for swing voters to become a top priority for politicians . If a large and vocal minority of Democratic primary voters care passionately about climate change , they can push presidential candidates to address it .
Just see how much success the Tea Party has had in pulling the Republican Party to the right on issues that do n't have broad appeal . Congressional Republicans have committed themselves multiple times to refusing to raise the debt ceiling without major policy concessions from Obama . They are not doing this to reach independent voters , for whom the debt ceiling is completely obscure . They are doing this because they are beholden to the far right that dominates Republican primaries , and the far right has a curious obsession with the debt ceiling .
It 's hard to find Democratic counterparts to the debt ceiling issue because liberals lack the grassroots organization , big business backing , and media echo chamber of the Tea Party movement , the Koch brothers , and right-wing talk radio . But that proves not that Clinton and congressional Democrats ca n't be motivated on climate change , only that it will require more than just a general sentiment among their base . It will require organizing . That 's exactly what groups like 350.org and Tom Steyer 's NextGen Climate are trying to do . A cause that is in the public interest rather than the interest of companies like Koch Industries has less money behind it , but maybe activist energy will help make up that difference .
The Six Strikes of Henri de Sainct Didier are a simple set of exercises which teach more than just how to cut and thrust at an opponent . Also encoded within the sequences are a range of parrying techniques ; some simple , some more complex . One aspect which puzzles are how he suggests the Lieutenant change safely from attacking from the right to attack from the left and vice versa . Here 's our interpretation .
In the description of the Third Strike , the Lieutenant cuts from the right ( maindroit ) to the Provost 's left shoulder who counters with a simple parry in fourth position and thrusts . Then Sainct Didier uses an interesting phrase to allow the Lieutenant to counter the thrust and cut at the Provost from the left ( renvers ) .
“ ledit Lieutenant desrobe son espee en passant un avant-main par dessoubs la garde de l'espee du Prevost , et luy tirer un renvers ou bien arriere-main d'hault sur l'espaule gauche du Prevost ”
This technique appears to be used in all six sequences and from both the left and the right . When passing the attack from right to left , the Lieutenant uses a forehand “ avant-main ” action and when passing the attack from left to right he uses a backhand “ arriere-main ” action .
It needs to accomplish two goals . First , it needs to defend against the Provost 's thrust . Second , it needs to prime the Lieutenant to cut from the opposite side . Thus it ca n't be a simple cavare or cavazzione . To my mind , it seems like it 's straight out of Meyer rapier .
Joachim Meyer , in similar circumstances , advocates transitioning through the Left Ox posture when changing the attack from right to left and transitioning through the Right Ox posture when changing in the opposite direction . Used here , the Ox posture meets both criteria . It effectively parries the Provost 's thrust and readies the Lieutenant to attack on the opposite side .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
More
Pocket
Delicious
LinkedIn
Posterous
Reddit
Technorati
Tumblr
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
With Major League Soccer 's Galaxy acting more and more like a minor league outfit by refusing any comment whatsoever , the vaunted David Beckham-to-Tottenham Hotspur story refuses to go away .
On Friday evening , Spurs Coach Harry Redknapp made it sound as if a deal was all but signed , sealed and delivered to have Beckham loaned to the London club for a couple of months at least .
`` There is a good chance we will get David Beckham , '' Redknapp said . `` It 's just a case of sorting out the length of the loan and one or two other bits and pieces . Our secretary told me this morning it 's going to happen . ''
But Beckham 's former coach in the English Premier League , Manchester United 's Alex Ferguson , told the Guardian that he finds the idea laughable .
`` Obviously , anyone at 35 is looking at the twilight years of his career , '' Ferguson said . `` I have players at United like Paul Scholes , Ryan Giggs and Gary Neville who grew up with David and are at the same level . They know they are coming towards the end of their careers and the horrible part of being a manager is seeing that . These players are eventually going to retire . David knows that better than anyone . ''
But Redknapp is n't buying it . The thought of adding Beckham to an already talent-laden roster has him drooling .
`` He 's not a punch-drunk heavyweight champion who 's washed up and skint , '' Redknapp said . `` This is a boy who 's in the prime of life . I think he would give the other players a lift and he can definitely deliver a ball . It 's no good having Peter Crouch if you ca n't get the ball to him in the air . Beckham has the ability to do that . ''
The Guardian reported that `` advanced talks '' were underway between Spurs and Beckham , and that Tottenham had already cleared room on its roster by loaning midfielder David Bentley , the backup to Aaron Lennon in Beckham 's right midfield position , to Birmingham City until May .
Meanwhile , nothing but silence has come from the Galaxy 's side of the table . But then , of course , what else is to be expected when it 's the tail that 's wagging the dog ?
Beckham is pulling the strings and Galaxy Coach Bruce Arena and company are the puppets .
Sell him and be done with it . The circus has gone on too long .
-- Grahame L. Jones
Photo : Galaxy star David Beckham takes in the Lakers-Pistons game on Tuesday at Staples Center . Credit : Jae C. Hong / Associated Press
NEW DELHI : Only 13 % of subscribers in India are using 3G and 4G networks even as high speed mobile data services are being around for over two years , a study by Facebook -led Internet.org said today.According to the report , India stands at the bottom when it comes to mobile data usage.Internet.org aims to bring together a global partnership of tech leaders , nonprofits and local communities to connect two thirds of the world that do not have internet access . `` Countries like India are indicative of entry-level data use . Based on Cisco 's 2014 VNI Mobile Forecast , India is at the lower-end of global use , in that mobile users average 149 MB per month , '' the study said.The report puts entry-level data usage at below 100 MB per month.Assuming the top 20 % of users generate 85 % of traffic , the bottom 80 % average less than 30 MB per month , it added . `` This data average is reflective of conditions where , 13 % of Indian connections are on 3G/4G networks , 47 % of network capacity is driven by streaming audio and video and 15.3 % of connections are via smartphones , '' the study revealed.According Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( Trai ) , the total broadband subscribers under the mobile device users ( phones and dongles ) segment stood at 69.99 million at the end of December 2014.While , total mobile subscribers stood at 943.97 million during the same period , Trai data showed.However , mobile data usage charges in India are among the lowest in the world.In India market forces and competition have driven the cost of data to a price point at the bottom quartile of global prices , at $ 2.40 and $ 0.80 ( in USD purchasing power parity ) , for prepaid data plans of 250MB and 100MB per month , respectively.This is affordable by 59 % and 94 % of the Indian population , respectively , '' it added.The report also revealed that lack of awareness and led to people not leverage the full advantages on internet . `` Research in countries including Ghana , South Africa , India , and the US confirmed that lack of awareness , perception of lack of value or utility or lack of ability are the primary reasons why people do n't use the internet , '' it added.Overall , the report said , the most recent estimates have predicted that , by end-2014 , almost 3 billion people will have connected to internet at some point within the previous year . `` Connectivity is concentrated in developed countries and sparse in developing countries , where 78 % of the population is online compared to 32 , respectively , '' it added.Developing countries are home to 94 % of global offline population . The US and Germany have connectivity rates as high as 84 % , while Ethiopia and Myanmar are connected at rates below 2 % , it said > > > @ toi_tech > > > TOI_tech
There tend to be two types of rivalries in sports . One is characterized by absolute hatred . There is no love lost between these teams and their fans , they absolutely can not stand each other . Think Celtics-Lakers , Yankees-Red Sox , Michigan-Ohio State .
And then there 's the other , more nuanced sort of rivalry . This one is characterized by mutual respect . These athletes might go head to head for their sports ' biggest titles , but when it 's all said and done , they praise each other vigorously . Think Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal or LeBron James and Kevin Durant ,
As NFL rivalries go , the competition between Peyton Manning and Tom Brady certainly belongs in the latter category . Manning and Brady , with a combined four Super Bowl rings and six MVPs between them , are without question the best quarterbacks of the past decade . And throughout their incredible careers , the two have maintained a long-standing and unique friendship .
Brady has called Manning `` the best quarterback of all time '' while Manning has heaped similar praise on Brady . And more importantly , both men have supported each other following their significant injuries ( Brady 's ACL tear in 2008 , Manning 's neck surgery in 2011 ) .
So we know that both men are solid competitors and classy individuals , but who will go down as the better player ? Five or six years ago this question seemed like it could go either way , but now the answer is clear . It 's Brady .
The history of playoff success , regular-season winning percentage and the stats all favor Brady .
Brady is 16-6 in the postseason with a staggering .774 regular-season winning percentage ( tops all-time among quarterbacks ) . Manning is 9-10 in the playoffs and has won just about two-thirds of the games he has started . And with the Patriots ' 31-21 victory over the Broncos on Sunday , Brady has won nine of the 13 times the gunslingers have squared off .
Brady has led the Patriots to five Super Bowls while Manning took the Colts to two . Brady is a more efficient passer , and has arguably worked with fewer weapons on offense . Whereas Manning had Marvin Harrison and Reggie Wayne , Brady 's best receivers over the course of his career have been Troy Brown and Wes Welker . Harrison and Wayne combined for 13 Pro Bowls , Brown and Welker combined for five .
There are several intangibles that also favor Brady . He has played for one coach his entire career , and that partnership with Bill Belichick is perhaps the driving force for his incredible success . And while Brady , like Manning , suffered an injury that forced him to miss the better part of a season , Manning 's injury appears to have been more serious .
Brady is the best quarterback of this generation ( think post-John Elway ) , but even he admits that he could n't have done what he did without Manning .
`` [ Manning 's ] really set the stage for quarterback play over my entire career , '' Brady said .
This , ladies and gentlemen , is rivalry at its finest .
Since film magnate Harvey Weinstein was accused of sexual harassment and assault in October , scores of women have come forward as part of the # MeToo movement to say that they , too , have been victims of sexual misconduct . As more and more people come forward with allegations against powerful people and some of those powerful people lose their jobs , some have called the moment in history a tipping point ; others have called it a reckoning . And while many are being taken to task for their alleged misconduct and there is potential for a cultural shift in the way we view sexual harassment and assault , this is n't the first time women have publicly spoken out against alleged harassers . In 1991 , law professor Anita Hill sat before the Senate Judiciary Committee , led by Senator Joe Biden , and detailed the alleged harassment she experienced from her boss , Clarence Thomas , who was just about to be confirmed as a Supreme Court Justice . Throughout Hill 's testimony , she weathered attacks on her character and her trustworthiness from those on the Senate panel , and many have blamed Biden for allowing those attacks and failing to do more . Nearly three decades after her testimony , and after Thomas was seated on the court , Biden wants Anita Hill to know that he 's sorry .
In an interview with Teen Vogue 's editor-in-chief , Elaine Welteroth , Biden said there are a few things he would do differently if he could go back and redo those Anita Hill hearings .
`` I believed Anita Hill . I voted against Clarence Thomas . And I insisted the next election — I campaigned for two women Senators on the condition that if they won they would come on the Judiciary Committee , so there would never be again all men making a judgment on this , '' Biden said . `` And my one regret is that I was n't able to tone down the attacks on her by some of my Republican friends . I mean , they really went after her . As much as I tried to intervene , I did not have the power to gavel them out of order . I tried to be like a judge and only allow a question that would be relevant to ask . ''
But ultimately , Biden said he was n't able to do enough .
`` I was n't able to convince three women we 'd subpoenaed to cooperate with testimony . At the last minute , they changed their mind and said they would n't do it . I had them sign an affidavit saying , ‘ I want you to come , and you 're saying , “ No , I will not come. “ ‘ In retrospect , some , including Anita , think I should have subpoenaed them no matter what , '' he said . `` The reason I did n't : I was worried they would come and not corroborate what she said and make — I mean , Clarence Thomas won by only two votes . And we still thought we had a chance at beating him . ''
`` I wish I had been able to do more for Anita Hill , '' he said . `` I owe her an apology . ''
Many , including Hill , have criticized Biden for allowing some of the remarks those on the Committee made , including insinuations that Thomas allegedly talking about women 's breast sizes was `` not too bad , '' according to The Washington Post . Some even said Biden 's tone with Hill bordered on disbelief of her accusations . According to Politico , the hearing was `` seen as Biden 's subjecting an African-American woman to public humiliation and abuse . '' In fact , Biden has offered public apologies to Hill before , but she has said it was n't enough .
`` I still do n't think it takes ownership of his role in what happened , '' Hill said in a recent interview with The Washington Post . `` And he also does n't understand that it was n't just that I felt it was not fair . It was that women were looking to the Senate Judiciary Committee and his leadership to really open the way to have these kinds of hearings . They should have been using best practices to show leadership on this issue on behalf of women 's equality . And they did just the opposite . ''
Seph Lawless is able to capture the beauty most ca n't see . The photographer -- best known for his work documenting abandoned malls -- is again capturing eerie beauty in his new book , Bizarro .
In the book , Lawless documents hauntingly beauty photos of abandoned theme parks across the United States , including the Six Flags park in New Orleans that was flooded out during Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . He heightened the drama by taking the photos only at certain times .
`` I thought a good way to truly bring about that eerie feeling of an abandoned amusement park was to shoot it at sunset or during a thunderstorm , '' he told the Weather Channel .
The Six Flags photos show land overgrown by weeds , plenty of graffiti ... and even a gator who has taken up residence .
Bizarro is now on sale -- grab your copy . You can also follow his work on social media :
Tumblr
Twitter
Instagram
I 've seen many statistical articles look at different ways to determine whether or not shot volume inflates a goaltender 's save percentage ; however , I 've never been satisfied with the methods used , regardless of the outcomes . So , I finally went and looked at the data myself .
It 's been seven months since I 've written anything on save percentage . With all that wait , you 'd think I 'd give you a big , long , and in-depth article… but I wo n't .
I had one planned , but accidentally lost all my data . Of course , errors always come in clumps . Instead of recovering the lost data , I ended up permanently removing it . To make matters worse , extraskater.com going black made the information a hassle to manually extract again . I probably could write a code ( or get someone else ) to draw up the information again… but I still have one piece remaining from the original data : the graph .
What is this graph of ? What does it mean ? The issue I always had with previous methods is that they never attempted to look at whether a particular goaltender 's save percentage changes with their experience in shot volume .
The above image though is an attempt to do just that .
The data taken was for each game since the 2010-12 season for the 40 active goaltenders who have played at least 100 games in that period . Then , each game where a goaltender faced less than 10 shots or played less than 40 minutes were removed from the population . Each data point on the graph then represents one of the remaining games .
The two variables are simply the goaltender 's save percentage and shots against rate relative to the average that goaltender has faced throughout the sample .
( FYI : the per X minutes value for shot rates was selected to give the x and y variables similar mean and standard distribution so the nature in size of the variables do not effect the measured relationship viewed on the graph… If I recall correctly , it was per 30 minutes… sorry for not having that )
Basically , the graph shows whether or not a goaltender tends to save a greater percentage of shots when they face more shots , all relative to their normal .
There are a few issues with the graph that I never fixed before losing all my information . Mostly the issues are cosmetic ; there is no title , no axis labels , and the axis ranges should be similar given the data . The last problem causes the data to visually seem far more like a line than it actually is , as the image is being severely stretched from left to right .
There is one real issue though : the x and y variables are actually the opposite than what they should be . However , the most important part survives these errors . The coefficient of correlation .
The R^2 between these two variables is found to be 0.016 , almost nonexistent . What does this mean ? For the forty active goaltenders to play at least one hundred NHL games over the past four seasons , there is no substantial relationship in them playing better -in terms of save percentage- when facing more or less shots against .
( I unfortunately do not have N to give you a p-value , sorry again )
It should be noted that I repeated the same experiment for shot attempts ( ie : Corsi ) and non-blocked shot attempts ( ie : Fenwick ) against , with almost no difference in correlation .
While this does n't prove anything unequivocally , it is another piece of evidence that a NHL goaltender 's save percentage is predominately a construct of natural variance and goaltending skill .
We 've been counting down the days until the seventh installment of American Horror Story hits our TV screens on September 5th , but we never imagined our involvement with Cult would be anything more than live-tweeting the premiere or battling nightmares about clowns in the bathtub .
It looks like we were wrong , though — in a tweet posted today ( August 2 ) , the official AHS account revealed that an AHS fan could score a walk-on role in an episode of Cult , plus lunch with longtime cast member Evan Peters . It does n't specify exactly what your role would be , or if it 's a speaking part , but given the topic of this season , we have a feeling they 're looking for extra cult members .
If you 've ever dreamed about visiting the set , now 's your chance . All you have to do is sign up and donate a certain amount to enter . Ten dollars get you 100 entries ; basically , the more you donate , the better your chances are . And the best part is n't just lunch with Evan and a friend or your star turn onscreen — the money goes to benefit the Children 's Hospital of Los Angeles , helping them continue to provide the best in care to sick or injured kids . So while AHS may be super-scary and dark , this contest definitely is n't .
Related : `` American Horror Story '' Fan Theory Catches Ryan Murphy 's Attention on Instagram
Although President Obama ‘ s $ 787 billion fiscal stimulus is still working its way through the pipeiline , Berkeley economist — and former Clinton Treasury official — Brad DeLong makes the case for another round . In a draft of a letter he says he may send Obama next week , he said :
“ At the end of 2008 , when your incoming administration was preparing your recession-fighting strategy , your forecasts were that the recession would bottom out in August of 2009 , with a peak unemployment rate of 7.9 % . The unemployment rate in May was already 9.4 % . 10 % unemployment this year is a nearly foregone conclusion . 11 % unemployment — a recession twice as deep as the one your incoming administration was forecasting at the end of 2008 — is not unlikely … . Even had the fiscal expansion plans of your administration not been cut back by roughly a quarter in their employment-generating effectiveness by the Congress , fiscal stimulus plans that appeared to be adequate and appropriate at the turn of the year now appear to be inadequate . Compounding the problem of inadequate fiscal expansion at the federal level is the problem of inappropriate and substantial fiscal contraction at the state level . ”
DeLong 's proposal :
* Seek from the Congress for authority to guarantee the debt of states that , in response to the current recession , ( a ) seek to conduct their own state-level fiscal expansions , and ( b ) devise plans and strategies for the long-term repayment of the debt the federal government guarantees that the Secretary of the Treasury certifies as prudent and sustainable .
* Seek an additional $ 500 billion of federal aid to states for the federal fiscal year that begiins Oct. 1 , 2001 , to be distributed per capita and conditioned on their maintaining effort at the provision of public services — on their not repeating the mistake of Herbert Hoover of cutting government employment and spending in a downturn .
DeLong , of course , works for the state university system in California , where Gov . Arnold Schwarzenegger and the state legislature are struggling with a colossal budget deficit .
In response to this post , Brad DeLong wrote :
Truth to tell , the possibility that an additional round of fiscal expansion targeted at aid to the states might trickle down and help pay for my forthcoming master bathroom renovation literally never crossed my mind over the past week…
What did cross my mind was ( a ) memories of Paul Krugan last fall warning about this , ( b ) running the numbers on the deterioration of the forecast over the past six months , ( c ) Peter Schrag 's recountings of Sacramento politics over lunch , and Gene Smolensky 's and John Ellwood 's repeated pointings-out that California is only the worst case as far as fiscal contraction by state governments are concerned , and ( d ) my eighteen-year-old Michael 's summer job , which involves going to California budget conference committee hearings and taking notes…
Photos courtesy of Kill Rock Stars
On his current tour , comedian and gadfly Hari Kondabolu has been barnstorming Trump country , hitting up college towns and cities in the red-state strongholds of Indiana , North Carolina , Missouri , and Louisiana . Although Kondabolu has honed his brand of radical , politics-driven comedy for years now , earning him a cult-like following as well as the occasional death threat , he 's never felt quite like this before , what with Donald J. Trump riding atop a populist wave of racism , misogyny , and immigrant-bashing to the presidency ; young conservatives Heil Hitler'ing in the president-elect 's name ; and a surge of hate incidents , over 700 since election night , worse than post-9/11 .
All of which makes the 34-year-old Queens native 's singular brand of comedy all the more urgent and necessary . Declared by Wired to be `` the best political comedian you do n't know yet , '' Kondabolu , whose parents are Indian Hindus , came of age during 9/11 , the xenophobic aftermath of which shaped him . `` That was the thing that changed my life , '' he explained to me earlier this week , before taking the stage for two shows at the DSI Comedy Theater in Chapel Hill , North Carolina . `` That 's why I became a political being as a young person . That 's how I decided to study what I studied in college . That 's the reason my comedy is the way it is . ''
Through stand-up , the outspoken Kondabolu tackles thorny issues of race , gender , privilege , and culture through incisive and sometimes blunt observations , such as `` Bobby Jindal is so white , he beat himself up after 9/11 . '' His style is inclusive yet nervy , sensitive yet angsty . ( There 's also a meta element to his comedy , where he unpacks certain jokes and the audience 's response . ) It 's all tucked into a deceptively affable delivery system that he describes as `` a young sociology professor at a small liberal arts school in Vermont who 's desperately trying to stay hip . '' Since releasing two very funny , very smart comedy albums—2013 's Waiting for 2042 ( a reference to the year the US census predicts white people will no longer be the majority ) and this July 's Mainstream American Comic—Kondabolu 's been keeping busy with Politically Re-Active , a weekly podcast with W. Kamau Bell , and The Problem with Apu , a feature-length documentary about the Hank Azaria-voiced Simpsons character , airing on TruTV in early 2017 .
When I first arrived at his hotel room for the interview , Kondabolu greeted me with a hug , like the one he 'd given me the first time we met , this summer , despite having only emailed a bit . This time he fielded my questions while simultaneously ironing a T-shirt and three collared shirts ( he could n't yet decide which one to wear onstage ) . Both shows turned out to be sold-out successes , filled with boisterous laughter and friendly vibes . Still , Kondabolu found it necessary to back off at times , cutting short a joke about white people not liking being called white people . `` There 's a second half of the joke that I do n't have the heart to tell , '' he explained , referring to a segment on the album where he proposes a new term : `` white demons . '' `` This is too close after Trump , '' he said , joking but not quite joking . `` I still do n't trust everybody . Look , this venue 's not big , and there 's not enough security . '' As a fellow person of color , having seen this election 's nasty , hate-inciting aftermath , I got it .
Photo by Yoon Kim . Courtesy of Hari Kondabolu
VICE : How was Indiana ?
Hari Kondabolu : Bloomington was great , though they had hated crimes happening over the last week—people spraying swastikas and things like that . I have yet to have something happen , but everyday on Facebook , I 'll read about friends or friends of friends being attacked . It kind of feels like post-9/11 , that kind of anti-Muslim shit . But it 's across the board . Like , I 've had gay friends get gay-bashed . There 's this woman I know in Chicago—both of her cheeks were puffy because she was hit in the face .
[ It 's like ] when 9/11 happened , the way people reacted with violence to brown people who did nothing . But this is like , your candidate won , spewing hate . This is n't something bad happened to us—this is a victory . And because this is a victory , we 're making sure we piss on our territory . This is one of those , `` Wow , this country can be so ugly . '' Your candidate won based on these racist values and there 's enough people in the country that now want to make sure that [ those other people know ] this is not your America . This is n't yours .
Do you think there 's a sense of conservatives feeling attacked , this sort of soft attack for years and years , like during Obama ?
In a weird way , yeah . Not even during Obama , even longer than that . There 's been a sense that this is your America and culture 's changing . When Will & Grace happened , how people freaked out about that . Or Ellen [ DeGeneres ] coming out and all this stuff . While [ others are ] not getting employed , while what they believe is n't getting the same attention , while they 're being told , `` This is offensive , '' or `` That is offensive , '' or `` This is wrong . '' And they 're being told that without real discussions happening , because it 's really hard to have real discussions . Especially in a climate like ours that 's based on 140 characters and clickbait .
`` The one thing I maybe have to help with , the one thing I have to add , is my voice . If that 's taken away because of fear , then why do I do this ? ''
Do you feel like your role as a comedian is having to adjust to this change ?
I 've been thinking about that a lot , man . It 's funny . Well , I 'll say I have never feared touring . Ever . I 've been threatened , you know , at shows . I 've been threatened online , I 've had death threats . This on the other hand , this feels different . This actually makes me think , Who can I trust anymore ? and What do people really believe ? And even if people wanted to commit acts of violence against me before , like , they were n't emboldened to . Now all of a sudden I wonder , What does this country look like ? I do n't know if many of us are overreacting , but so far , it does n't feel like we 're overreacting . You read about all these hate crimes .
I think the other thing is , for a while now , I 've been asked about the idea of activism and comedy . And the line that I 've had for the longest time is : `` Uh , I do n't want to see myself as an activist . I do n't want to think about the impact everything makes in terms of , ' I can change the world , what can I do , ' '' because that affects how you write . And also , there 's a lot of art that 's considered activist art that is righteous and really bad . I 'm a comedian . My goal is to make people laugh . It 's not to make people think—it 's to make people laugh . And the thing is , I 'm a critical being . I 'm a political being . I 'm a racialized being . And as a result , you know , that double-consciousness , that double-lens will show up in my work .
You could be an essayist , too .
I do n't think comedy is going to be the venue where I can most freely express a lot of complicated things . Because comedy can only do so much . You cut the fat . The great thing about comedy is it takes the complex and it makes it simple enough . But what other ways can I contribute to a larger conversation ? This is so much bigger and it 's so scary and it 's hard not to feel a little disillusioned .
One thing I noticed is that you 've got a lot of shows that are in cities and college towns in red states that were pro-Trump .
Booked it before Trump won . I 'm a little anxious . A basic human idea that keeps us functioning in a society is , `` I can walk around and not get hurt by another human being intentionally . '' That 's , like , a fundamental societal thing , you know . This is why it 's not like [ Thomas ] Hobbes 's Leviathan . It 's this idea that human nature , if there is such a thing , is controlled enough where we can function . And what Trump is bringing out is the worst in human nature . I do n't wan na cast a large net on Kansas City and St. Louis . I do n't wan na assume that people are gon na come out and be upset and violent . I do n't wan na assume that I 'm walking around at night and something bad 's gon na happen . I 'm definitely more cautious than I normally am . [ My mom and I have ] talked about it a little bit since Trump won , and today she was blunt . She was like , `` You need to tone it down . ''
My mom tells me the same kind of stuff .
Oh , my mom has n't told me this in a long time . She used to tell me this when I started doing comedy . And she was worried about how I spoke . [ But today ] she said , `` You got ta tone it down . You do n't need to change everything but you have to tone it down . These are n't good times . '' I 'm like , `` I 'm not gon na tone it down . '' Like , there are people that risk their bodies , and I have n't been on the front lines in the same way as a lot of people do . There are people that put their bodies on the line for Black Lives Matter . The one thing I maybe have to help with , the one thing I have to add , is my voice . It 's the one thing I contribute . And take that away , what the fuck 's the point , then ? That 's the one thing I have , and the one thing I feel confident about . If that 's taken away because of fear , then why do I do this ?
A lot of times when I go to places , regardless of whether they 're blue or red , there 's a lot of people of color that come to my show that get something that they ca n't get from other places . It does n't matter if it was in Brooklyn or not—just because you 're in Brooklyn does n't mean that there is n't racial tension and that you can express certain parts of your personality and that there is n't catharsis that comes with somebody who is echoing your beliefs in a funny way and actually can express what we 're all feeling . And I 'm lucky enough where I get to do that . And I know that there are people who are using me in classrooms or expressing things to their friends and coworkers , parents , or grandparents . I used to be an immigrant-rights organizer . I gave that up almost ten years ago—to pursue this , really . And if I 'm not doing this the way I want to do this , then what am I doing with my life ? It 's a shame that this is what 's come out of Trump 's America before he 's even taken office . These fears , these anxieties .
`` I 'm a brown comedian who came of age at 9/11 , during a very regressive period of American history , who talks about really aggressive things , is not someone who does n't fit the white/black binary or Latino and now shit hits the fans and he 's in this weird in-between space that kind of works . ''
Are you going to be doing all-Trump sets this tour ?
No , but there 's some stuff sprinkled in . There 's stuff I wrote in the last week . I mean , James , how could I not ? I mean , how can I abstractly talk about immigration when he wants to send everyone back ? How can I abstractly talk about feminism when he 's talking about grabbing women by their vaginas ? All the big things I care about and that are in my act seem extremely relevant now , because he 's attacking all of them openly . I never thought being told I was necessary and important would depress me .
It 's true .
I get it . I 'm a brown comedian who came of age at 9/11 , during a very regressive period of American history , who talks about really aggressive things , is not someone who does n't fit the white/black binary or Latino and now shit hits the fans and he 's in this weird in-between space that kind of works . I get it . I get it . I mean , I 've heard it enough . It does less for me than it used to . I wish I was able to say more , in a broader way .
Well , I mean , you 've got the doc coming out in a little bit . Is that done ?
It 's getting close to being done . My initial worry [ after Trump 's win ] was like , `` Who cares , why is this relevant now ? '' You know , it 's a thing about a representation . And then I took a second and I 'm like , `` Oh fuck , of course , it 's relevant . '' If people can dehumanize other human beings and hurt them , that means they ca n't connect to them as human beings , and how do we connect to human beings ? You either know them or you learn about them through media . And so the same reasons why , post-9/11 , you had so many brown people being killed because nobody knows what a Sikh is ; nobody knows what it means to be Muslim ; nobody knows that `` American '' is much broader . When you think of an immigrant and you think of then as conniving or voiceless , what happens ? And so we 're at this point now , and I 've read several things , both tweets and articles , where there 've been multiple incidents around the country of brown people being hurt or being told to leave the country and being called `` Apu . '' Like , holy shit ! That comes out again . The doc is n't just about a cartoon character that made some Indian kids feel bad in the 90s . This film is about impact . It 's about the legacy of minstrelsy . And TruTV let me do this , which I am very much grateful for .
Representation matters—not just because , you know , these actors ca n't get parts and that 's not fair . It 's that the stories are n't told , and they 're not told honestly . And if you do n't have people of color depicted as heroes , as people who fall in love and who get hurt and who have angst—not just victims of racism , not just biopics or Mississippi Burning-type shit—but human beings . Like , a love story about black people in the 1950s , where racism is n't the central point . People fell in love and had kids and lived lives . It 's about humanization . And so that 's a discussion that becomes more important , especially in a country where a president can depict a whole bunch of people as rapists . [ Better representation ] is why so many young people voted the other way , they did n't support Trump . They 've grown up with more images , they 've grown up with a diverse range of people . Even kids who are growing up in red states , in small towns , are like , `` This is not right . '' They know it .
Follow James Yeh on Twitter .
A federal judge in New Jersey on Thursday rejected a Florida doctor 's motion to postpone his and Sen. Bob Menendez Robert ( Bob ) MenendezActing Defense chief calls Graham an 'ally ' after tense exchange William Barr is right man for the times This week : Trump delivers State of the Union amid wall fight MORE 's ( D-N.J. ) September corruption trial , New Jersey Advance Media reported .
Attorneys for Dr. Salomon Melgen , an eye doctor who was convicted in a federal court in Florida last month of 67 counts of Medicaid fraud , asked U.S. District Judge William Walls last week to delay his and Menendez 's trial until October .
Melgen is scheduled to be sentenced in August for the Medicare fraud charge .
ADVERTISEMENT
The sentencing , his attorneys argued , would be `` heavily litigated '' and could unfairly burden his legal team to divide their attention between the two matters .
Walls wrote in response to Melgen 's request that `` no good cause has been demonstrated by the movant '' to push back the trial date , which had long been set for Sept. 6 .
In the New Jersey federal court case , Melgen and Menendez are facing corruption charges , with prosecutors alleging that Melgen gave the New Jersey Democrat nearly $ 1 million in campaign donations and free trips in exchange for government-related favors .
Menendez , who has served in the Senate since 2006 , has pleaded not guilty in the case . Walls previously denied requests by Menendez 's attorneys to delay the trial until October .
AUSTIN — The Texas House has approved a bill that would provide legal cover to adoption and foster care agencies that turn away prospective parents or refuse certain services based on the agencies ' religious beliefs .
Democrats and groups advocating for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights said it amounted to state-sanctioned discrimination . Republicans heralded the bill 's passage as a step forward in addressing the state 's foster care crisis .
“ This is a defensive bill . It allows everyone to participate , ” said bill author Rep. James Frank , R-Wichita Falls . “ It requires [ Child Protective Services ] to maintain a diverse network of homes and provides reasonable accommodations to those who are helping solve our foster care capacity crisis . ”
After more than three hours of late-night debate Tuesday , the bill received final approval just before lunch Wednesday , passing by a vote of 93-49 . It now heads to the Senate for further debate .
Two Republicans , Jason Villalba of Dallas and Sarah Davis of Houston , voted against the measure . Four Democrats , Terry Canales of Edinburg , Nicole Collier of Fort Worth , René Oliveira of Brownsville and Ryan Guillen of the Rio Grande City voted in favor .
The sobering assessment comes a week before Benjamin Netanyahu , the Israeli prime minister , meets President Barack Obama at the White House .
There had been hope the two could lay to rest a row that erupted between the two allies in March but the new comments have raised fears of long-term damage .
Michael Oren , Israel 's ambassador to Washington , told foreign ministry colleagues at a private briefing in Jerusalem that they were facing a long and potentially irrevocable estrangement .
Sources said Mr Oren told the meeting : `` There is no crisis in Israel-US relations because in a crisis there are ups and downs . [ Instead ] relations are in a state of tectonic rift in which continents are drifting apart . ''
Mr Oren 's privately-voiced pessimism stands in stark contrast to public declarations in both Jerusalem and Washington that differences between the two states amount to nothing more than `` disagreements '' between allies .
The ambassador told the Jerusalem Post newspaper last week that US-Israel ties were stronger than many observers believed .
Unlike his previous encounter with Mr Obama in March , when he was given a stern dressing-down and denied permission to hold a joint press conference , Mr Netanyahu 's visit to the White House next Tuesday is likely to be cloaked in civility .
The Israeli prime minister is being promised photo opportunities with his host in the White House Rose Garden and perhaps even an invitation to Camp David , the presidential retreat in Maryland .
But the show of unity is being seen as a sop to members of Mr Obama 's party who afraid of angering Jewish American voters ahead of November 's midterm elections than as a sign of genuine rapprochement .
Israeli officials have been quoted as saying that they expect a sterner private reception for their prime minister , who is yet to be fully forgiven for the perceived humiliation of Joe Biden , the US vice president , during a visit to Israel in March .
Mr Biden had come to Holy Land to launch indirect talks between Israel and the Palestinian leadership . But negotiations collapsed before they started after Mr Netanyahu 's government announced plans to expand a Jewish settlement in predominantly Arab East Jerusalem .
According to Mr Oren , attempts to gain leverage over President Obama through some of his `` pro-Israel '' aides – believed to be a reference to Rahm Emanuel , the White House chief-of-staff , and Dennis Ross , a senior State Department official – had failed .
Instead Mr Obama had shown determination to take personal charge of the faltering Israeli-Palestinian peace process and is understood to hold Mr Netanyahu at least partly responsible for the lack of progress .
`` It 's a one-man show , '' Mr Oren reportedly told his colleagues .
During the briefing , Mr Oren insisted that Mr Emanuel , despite some doubts in Israel , remained a friend of the Jewish state .
On a recent visit to Israel for his son 's bar mitzvah , Mr Emanuel , who is Jewish , telephoned him in tears because of the warm reception he had received from ordinary Israelis during a jog in Tel Aviv , Mr Oren said .
Mr Oren denied the comments attributed to him during the briefing . It is the second time pessimistic comments made by the ambassador during private briefings have been made in the past four months .
About This Game Build your own levels and bosses , defeat other player 's levels and surpass their score on their own creations !
XBridge is a fast-paced 2D shooter with new genre defining social multiplayer game play . Build your own levels using our intuitive level designer . Share them with the world .
Warp onto the front lines and defeat other player 's levels to gain experience and money to unlock units to bolster your own armada 's capabilities ! Beyond just the creation and playing aspect of Conquest mode , it also functions as a mini-social network where players create their own pilot avatars and personalities . You can add friends or rivals to your friends list and chat with them anytime in game ! Share Ideas and collaborate with each other working as a team to build up your factions armadas and win the war !
Custom mode- Build anything you want with few limitations and even challenge your friends to your creations ! The best custom armadas are voted on by the community ; the more creative and fun a custom armada is , the better .
The New York Times dropped another bombshell . It is reporting that Donald Trump Jr. received an email in advance of his meeting with a Russian lawyer informing him that the information she would provide about Hillary Clinton was part of a Russian government effort to help the Trump campaign .
The sound you hear is whatever was left of Donald Trump Jr. 's credibility disappearing .
Trump Jr. 's response to the whole Russia matter has been defiant and over-the-top from Day One , as The Washington Post 's John Wagner and Rosalind S. Helderman report . In recent days , Trump Jr. initially suggested the meeting was about Russian adoption — which was later contradicted by the revelation that he was promised information on Clinton — and in March he promised that he had not discussed any campaign matters with any Russians . That , too , has now been directly contradicted .
But the most cringe-worthy denial Trump Jr. has given on this may have come in July 2016 . Trump Jr. went on CNN and characterized the very idea of the Russians helping his father as crazy — just a month after reportedly receiving an email about precisely that , and then attempting to accept that very same help .
Let 's take it piece by piece ( with my emphases added ) :
JAKE TAPPER : So , I do n't know if you were hearing earlier , but Robby Mook , the campaign manager for Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , I asked him about the DNC leak . And he suggested that experts are saying that Russians were behind both the leak — the hacking of the DNC emails and their release . He seemed to be suggesting that this is part of a plot to help Donald Trump and hurt Hillary Clinton . Your response ?
TRUMP JR. : Well , it just goes to show you their exact moral compass . I mean , they will say anything to be able to win this . I mean , this is time and time again , lie after lie . You notice he wo n't say , “ Well , I say this. ” We hear “ experts . ”
You know , 'His house cat at home once said that this is what 's happening with the Russians . ' It 's disgusting . It 's so phony . I watched him bumble through the interview , I was able to hear it on audio a little bit . I mean , I ca n't think of bigger lies , but that exactly goes to show you what the DNC and what the Clinton camp will do . They will lie and do anything to win .
You hear it with the DNC where they 're leaking emails about Bernie Sanders and his Jewish heritage , to be able to try to destroy him in the South . It 's a rigged system . It 's disgusting and the people who should be fed up because when I heard it I certainly was .
Assuming that this email exists , this interview is now damningly dishonest . Trump Jr. characterizes information that he himself received from Russian-tied sources as lies — innuendo made up by Mook 's “ house cat. ” He even suggests he was taken aback by the ridiculousness of something he was apparently quite familiar with .
Later on in the interview , Trump Jr. even returned to the Russia rumors and continued to beat the drum that this was beyond the pale and that his father 's campaign would n't engage in this kind of thing .
TAPPER : Lastly , Don , your speech obviously very well received and there are Republicans out there wondering if you might run for office someday yourself . It has even been raised a possible run against New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio . Are these ideas that you 're contemplating ?
TRUMP JR. : You know , listen , I had a good time up there . It was exciting to be able to have a platform like that to speak my voice because as you can hear from this interview I 'm really frustrated with what 's going on in this country , Jake . And if I can do that one day I 'd love to be able to do it for the people of this country . That 's how I can pay back and give something back , I 'd love to do it . But right now I 'm more concerned about getting my father in there because I know that he will do a wonderful job with that . I know he 's going to fight for the people .
You know , it 's not going to be about signed ( ph ) by politics . It 's not going to be about divisive politics and emails . You know , accusing people of working with the Russian government . It 's not going to be about , you know , going against our opponents calling it a Jewish heritage and try to use that against them in the South .
If Republicans did that it would be disgusting and that 's what you 're going to see in a Clinton administration . This sort of divisiveness has to stop . They should be ashamed of themselves .
And again , if we did that , if the RNC did that , if my father 's campaign did that they 'd be calling for people to get the electric chair . So I want my father to win . I know he can fix this country . I know he can take care of the people that needs to be taken care of for a change . And I think we 're going to do a great job . So that 's my 100 percent focus until November .
That 's right : “ The electric chair . ”
Usually when you know something that would rather not admit , you avoid the subject and offer vague answers that allow you some plausible deniability later on . Trump Jr. , though , jumped headlong into denying these Russia rumors with a vocal and passionate denial that now just looks ridiculous .
Given that and his other comments that have fallen apart in recent days , it 's difficult to take anything he says seriously at this point .
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says she will not seek reelection . She made the announcement Sept. 11 , at a news conference at City Hall . ( Reuters )
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says she will not seek reelection . She made the announcement Sept. 11 , at a news conference at City Hall . ( Reuters )
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake announced Friday that she will not seek reelection in 2016 , saying she wants to focus instead on helping the city heal from the unrest that followed the fatal injury of Freddie Gray in police custody .
“ Every moment that I spent planning for a campaign . . . was a time that I was taking away from my current responsibilities to the city , to the city that I love , ” said Rawlings-Blake ( D ) , who had begun holding fundraisers and “ Mondays with the Mayor ” events to meet voters at local bars and restaurants .
[ After public backlash , Rawlings-Blake picks herself up ]
She was facing numerous challengers in April 's Democratic primary , including former mayor Sheila Dixon , state Sen. Catherine E. Pugh and City Council member Carl Stokes .
Del . Maggie L. McIntosh ( D-Baltimore ) , a longtime Rawlings-Blake supporter , called Friday 's announcement a “ seismic ” event for Baltimore politics and said the absence of an incumbent would probably encourage more candidates to join the race .
“ The landscape could look totally different in two months , ” McIntosh said .
Rawlings-Blake , 45 , is the daughter of the late Maryland Del . Howard P. “ Pete ” Rawlings ( D ) , the first African American to chair the House Appropriations Committee . She first made her own mark on the Maryland political scene in 1995 by becoming , at age 25 , the youngest person elected to the Baltimore City Council .
She became council president in 2007 when Dixon ascended to the mayor 's post and then mayor in 2010 after Dixon resigned following a misdemeanor conviction that involved stolen gift cards .
Rawlings-Blake won a full mayoral term in 2012 , and she quickly gained a reputation as a budget hawk , creating what her office touted as the city 's first 10-year fiscal plan to address long-term financial challenges and leading Baltimore to its highest combined bond rating in decades .
She also reduced property taxes and helped secure $ 1 billion for school construction .
But her tenure has been marked more recently by questions about her handling of the riots that broke out the day of Gray 's funeral , sniping with police union officials and some friction with Gov . Larry Hogan ( R ) , who canceled a long-planned light-rail project in the city and implied during the riots that she did not act quickly enough to approve assistance from the National Guard .
[ At key moments in riots , mayor did not pick up the phone ]
Rawlings-Blake defended her record at her news conference Friday , touting police reforms she helped enact , changes to the city 's ethics policy , a boost in employment and improvements to the city 's budget .
“ I 've always done what I knew would move the city forward , and my record reflects that , ” she said .
Hogan , who has denied having a strained relationship with Rawlings-Blake , complimented the mayor Friday for her work in office . “ It takes courage and strength to lead one of America 's great cities , and Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake stood up and has served the city she loves over the course of two decades , ” the governor said in a statement . “ I value my working relationship with the mayor and thank her for her service . ”
Rep. Elijah E. Cummings ( D-Md . ) , a Baltimore resident who helped calm city streets after the riots , called Rawlings-Blake “ a fighter for the people of Baltimore . . . . She has dedicated her life to uplifting everyone in our city . ”
Sen. Benjamin L. Cardin ( D-Md . ) , a Baltimore County resident , cautioned against second-guessing the mayor 's actions during the riots . “ We 'll never know if her leadership prevented more violence in Baltimore or not — we just do n't know , ” he said . “ The direct damage from the rioting was minimal , and it could have been a lot worse . ”
Tessa Hill-Aston , president of the NAACP 's Baltimore branch , called the mayor 's pending departure “ a great loss , ” saying that Rawlings-Blake confronted greater challenges than almost al of her predecessors .
The Gray case and the unrest “ just put more burdens and different burdens than usual on her administration , ” Hill-Aston said . “ She 'll land on her feet . She 's smart , and she 'll have other opportunities in her life to make a difference . ”
The mayor 's priorities for the next several months include guiding the city through the criminal trials of six police officers who are charged in connection with the death of Gray , who suffered a severe spinal injury while in police custody . This week , the city announced a $ 6.4 million settlement with Gray 's family without admitting liability or wrongdoing .
The agreement prompted criticism from Lt. Gene Ryan , president of the Baltimore Fraternal Order of Police . He told the Baltimore Sun that it “ threatens to interrupt any progress made toward restoring the relationship between members of the Baltimore Police Department and the Baltimore City government . ”
The mayor said Friday that she will continue working on police reforms , in conjunction with the U.S. Justice Department , and will push to increase recreational opportunities for youths and to attract new businesses to the city .
“ I do not want to see every difficult decision be evaluated , questioned and critiqued within the context of how it affects a political campaign , ” Rawlings-Blake said . “ I pledge to work for this city 's future , both during my remaining time as mayor and beyond . ”
Ovetta Wiggins and Rachel Weiner contributed to this report .
A SCHOOL for Muslim girls has been ordered to close down after a former pupil claimed students were being taught extremist beliefs , according to reports .
Jamia Al-Hudaa Residential College for Girls in Nottingham is set to close its doors after being accused of teaching strict sharia-style rules to schoolkids , it has been claimed .
Twitter 3 Aliyah Saleem claimed that students were taught a number of extremist beliefs , including that men should be allowed to beat their wives and gay people should be killed
Jamia Al-Hudaa 3 According to reports Jamia Al-Hudaa Residential College for Girls in Nottingham has been ordered to close down by the Department for Education
Former student Aliyah Saleem said that the boarding school was teaching girls that men should be allowed to beat their wives and gay people should be killed .
Now the fee paying independent school – which charges up to £3,500 a year - has been told to close down its residential operation .
Since boarders account for about 85 per cent of students , the school admits this will mean its effective closure , The Times reports .
related stories MUSLIM SCHOOL SLAMMED Inspection finds Islamic school had leaflets branding music and dancing as 'acts of the devil ' 'WHY THE F * * * ARE YOU WEARING THAT ' Motorist jailed for driving at boy , 15 , because he was wearing Islamic dress TERROR SWAP Boko Haram release 21 kidnapped schoolgirls in exchange for four militants - but still hold nearly 200 captives muslim SCHOOL CLOSED 'Modern ' Muslim school in east London shut down due to 'poor standards ' Video HORROR HATE PREACHER Islamic extremist who said gay men 's heads should be chopped off is now teaching children in London
Aliyah – who says she was expelled in 2011 for owning a disposable camera – said : “ At least four girls accused of being lesbians were expelled during my time . Teachers and pupils discussed it openly . ”
“ It felt like everything was banned . ”
Ofsted noted that pupils lacked “ opportunity to learn and make progress and receive effective preparation for the opportunities , responsibilities and experiences of life in British society ” .
Since then the Department for Education has ordered the school to shut its residential operation .
The school claims that the decision is “ completely biased and unfair ” and part of a “ highly politicised agenda ” in inspections of Muslim schools .
It previously said Aliyah was expelled for ‘ disruptive behaviour ' and denied teaching that the death penalty was appropriate for gay men .
AP : Associated Press 3 Ms Saleem , who says she was expelled from the fee paying school in 2011 for owning a disposable camera . The school said she was expelled for ‘ disruptive behaviour '
In June education inspectors found leaflets at a Muslim all-boys school which branded music , singing and dancing “ acts of the devil ” .
And last month a 'modern ' Muslim independent school in east London was shut down despite arguing that it helps prevent the radicalisation of youngsters .
Ayasofia Primary School in Whitechapel was told it would be closed due to poor educational standards last year .
We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ? Email us at tips @ the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
`` I thought it was a major step forward , ” Bob Corker said about Donald Trump 's foreign policy speech . | Getty Senate Foreign Relations chair gushes over Trump speech
Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker praised Donald Trump 's foreign policy speech on Wednesday night , calling it a “ great step in the right direction . ”
Speaking to MSNBC host Chris Matthews on his program “ Hardball , ” the Tennessee Republican said that Trump 's remarks , delivered at Washington 's Mayflower Hotel earlier in the day , were “ full of substance ” and he was “ very pleased ” with what he heard .
Story Continued Below
“ If you look at the broadness , the vision , I thought it was a major step forward , ” Corker said .
Corker also released a written statement urging the billionaire front-runner to be more specific in outlining his new “ coherent ” vision for America if elected president .
“ I look forward to hearing more details , but in a year where angry rhetoric has defined the presidential race on both sides of the aisle , it is my hope that candidates in both parties will begin focusing not only on the problems we face but on solutions , ” Corker wrote shortly after Trump spoke .
Other foreign policy hands in both parties were more critical , arguing that Trump 's comments about trade with China and combating the Islamic State in the Middle East lacked specific policy prescriptions and showed dangerous incoherence .
The Mikaelson family is extremely complicated , and who better to untangle that drama than Julie Plec ? The Originals showrunner will blog each week 's installment throughout the season exclusively for EW . From answering burning questions to giving behind-the-scenes stories and more , this is a place for fans to hear directly from Plec about the episode they just watched .
Tonight 's episode , “ A Walk on the Wild Side , ” written by Ashley Lyle & Bart Nickerson and directed by Matt Hastings , takes us inside the world of The Strix , a secret society of vampires . I love secret societies . In my opinion , all good vampire stories need a mysterious secret society lurking somewhere in the shadows . But between the Volturi of Twilight and True Blood 's Vampire Authority , we never felt comfortable diving into that kind of mythology on TVD or early Originals seasons for fear of drawing comparisons . This year we felt like enough time had passed to give it a shot . We chose the name based on a mythological bird of ill omen that fed on human flesh and blood ( thank you , Wikipedia ) . In Greek , the word is “ owl. ” Hence the design on the calling card . Plus , with Halloween around the corner , the Strix provided us the perfect opportunity for a costume party .
Tidbits from set :
On Monday 's broadcast of CNN Tonight , Breitbart senior editor-at-large and in-house counsel Joel Pollak took on host Don Lemon , former independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin , and Endeavor Strategies president and CEO Kurt Bardella over President-elect Donald Trump 's appointment of former Breitbart executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon as White House chief strategist and senior counselor .
Throughout the segment , Pollak defended charges against Breitbart News and Bannon on several grounds , including white nationalism and anti-Semitism .
But he went on to say the thing that in reality was the most offensive to Bannon 's detractors was that he “ won the White House with Donald Trump . ”
“ [ I ] think that when you do this , this is what the media do , this is what the establishment does — they throw out a bunch of innuendo to try to smear someone , ” Pollak said . “ The most offensive thing Steve Bannon ever did was win the White House with Donald Trump . And if it was up to these people , it would be Hillary Clinton picking the Supreme Court and consigning our democracy to decline . And Steve Bannon deserves the praise of these folks , not their condemnation . ”
Watch ( Part 2 ) :
Follow Breitbart News on Twitter @ BreitbartNews
Canada 's National Energy Board is about to review TransCanada 's proposed Energy East pipeline to send toxic tar sands bitumen from Alberta to the Atlantic Ocean – and we need your help to make sure the government ca n't use a sham review process created during the Harper era to pass this pipeline . 1
Energy East would become the biggest pipeline in North America . It would carry 1.1 million barrels of toxic bitumen to the coast every day , threaten communities and waterways in 6 provinces , and pump 32 million tonnes of global warming pollution into the atmosphere every year – that 's more than the total emissions from some provinces . 2 3
The Harper Conservatives wanted to use the National Energy Board 's review to persuade the public that this pipeline is safe . They even changed the rules to make the National Energy Board exclude climate impacts and voices from communities across Canada . 4 5 While the new Liberal government has promised to overhaul the pipeline review process , it 's unclear whether the Energy East pipeline will be reviewed under the old process or the new .
If enough of us speak out now , we can force the chair of the National Energy Board , Peter Watson , to choose : either include climate impacts and community voices in his review , or lose all credibility and legitimacy in the eyes of the Canadian people .
We need a real debate about Canada 's energy future . Would you believe that the tar sands only account for about 2 % of Canada 's economy ? 6 The belief that the tar sands are vital to our economy is an illusion – an illusion created and sustained by government and industry spending millions on misleading PR campaigns .
We 've seen in BC how the National Energy Board 's review of the Enbridge Northern Gateway pipeline was used to justify a project that 's been rejected by British Columbians . Without major changes , the National Energy Board 's review of the Energy East project will be a piece of theatre in the government-industry PR campaign for this mammoth pipeline .
We can stop their plan to use a sham review process to pass the Energy East pipeline – but we need to speak out , before it begins .
Notes :
Photo
The United States Marshals Service announced on Wednesday that it would auction 50,000 Bitcoins , worth nearly $ 12 million , seized in connection with the online marketplace Silk Road .
The Bitcoin auction , to be held on March 5 , comes more than two months after the service 's second Bitcoin auction in December , when it also sold 50,000 Bitcoins .
The latest auction is for Bitcoins seized from the computer hardware belonging to Ross Ulbricht , who was convicted in Federal District Court in Manhattan this month on charges related to the operation and ownership of Silk Road . The website was shut down in October 2013 after the authorities said it was online bazaar for illegal drugs and other illicit activities .
The timing of the latest auction comes as investors and even Bitcoin enthusiasts are questioning whether the virtual currency is a desirable investment . In the last year , Bitcoin 's price has slid , from a high of around $ 1,150 at the end of 2013 to about $ 235 on Wednesday afternoon . At the time of the second auction , Bitcoin was trading at about $ 370 . The service said 11 registered bidders took part in its December auction .
Video
Bidders in the third Bitcoin auction will have a six-hour period on March 5 , from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. , to submit sealed bids for the coins , which have been broken into several lots . The first series contains 10 blocks of 2,000 Bitcoins , while the second series contains 10 blocks of 3,000 Bitcoins . Bidders can participate in both series and can bid on multiple blocks .
Registration for interested parties to participate in the auction was scheduled to began on Tuesday at 9 a.m. , but federal offices in Washington were closed for weather-related reasons , said Lynzey Donahue , a spokeswoman for the Marshals Service . The registration period , which began instead on Wednesday , will end at noon on March 2 . The Marshals Service will notify eligible bidders on March 3 , with the winner , or winners , notified on March 6 .
To be eligible to participate in the auction , bidders must prove their identities and show that they have a required amount in cash . They also have to certify that they are not affiliated with Silk Road or Mr. Ulbricht .
Including 144,336 Bitcoins found on computer hardware belonging to Mr. Ulbricht , the government has recovered 173,991 Bitcoins . After the auction next month , the Marshals Service will have sold about 130,000 Bitcoins .
SecondMarket , an upstart exchange based in New York , nearly swept the government 's Bitcoin auction in December , winning 48,000 of the 50,000 Bitcoins for sale . The venture capitalist Timothy C. Draper , who won all of the nearly 30,000 Bitcoins in the government 's first auction in June , won the remaining 2,000 Bitcoins in the second .
On this page
I 'm currently working on a book for Three.js . This book contains lots and lots of examples that show off the various features of this great library . I want readers of this book to experiment with the examples . I want them to see how changing variables change the output and animations . You could of course do this by editing the source code , and reloading the example , but that is n't really that practical , especially when fine-tuning a specific example . I ran across dat.GUI a couple of months ago , which is a really useful , small library that you can use to change javascript variables from a simple GUI .
In this article I 'll quickly walk you through how to get started with library and as an example I 'll show you how you can use it to control animations in Three.js . I 've added an example here , or just click on the image below :
The code to accomplish this is really easy to understand . First add the library :
< script type= '' text/javascript '' src= '' libs/dat.gui.js '' > < /script >
The next thing we need to configure is a javascript object that will hold the properties we want to change using data.GUI . In the main part of our javascript code we add the following javascript object .
var controls = new function ( ) { this.rotationSpeed = 0.02 ; this.bouncingSpeed = 0.03 ; }
vascript object we define two properties : this.rotationSpeed and this.bouncingSpeed and their default value Next , we pass this object into a new dat.GUI object and define the range for these two properties .
var gui = new dat.GUI ( ) ; gui.add ( controls , 'rotationSpeed',0,0.5 ) ; gui.add ( controls , 'bouncingSpeed',0,0.5 ) ;
The rotationSpeed and bouncingSpeed properties are both set to a range of 0 to 0.5 . All we need to do now is make sure that in our render loop we reference these two properties directly , so that when we make changes through the dat.GUI user interface it immediately affects the rotation and bounce speed of our objects .
function render ( ) { ... cube.rotation.x += controls.rotationSpeed ; cube.rotation.y += controls.rotationSpeed ; cube.rotation.z += controls.rotationSpeed ; step+=controls.bouncingSpeed ; sphere.position.x = 20+ ( 10 * ( Math.cos ( step ) ) ) ; sphere.position.y = 2 + ( 10 * Math.abs ( Math.sin ( step ) ) ) ; ... }
Now when you run this example you 'll see a simple user interface that you can use to control the bouncing and rotation speeds .
The same man is suspected of being behind three rapes and two attempted rapes over the past seven months in a case that was knocked out of the public spotlight by February 's terror attack .
A 25-year-old suspected rapist will stand trial next week in Copenhagen .
Berlingske reported on Sunday that at least three rapes and two attempted rapes have been connected to the man , who is described as having an African background . The suspect used the same methods in all five instances , targeting women who were out alone after partying in the Copenhagen nightlife .
All five women told police that the man attempted to force them into a dark vehicle and then sexually assault them .
The first incident occurred in July 2014 , when a 25-year-old woman reported that a man tried to kidnap her while she was on her bicycle . She was able to get away before being forced into his car .
In October 2014 , a 24-year-old woman was dragged into a car in Østerbro and driven to an unknown location where she was raped . Three weeks later , a 20-year-old was also forced into a car near the same Østerbro location but managed to escape .
When a 22-year-old woman reported that she too was forced into a vehicle in Østerbro in January and then driven to Copenhagen 's Sydhavn district and raped , police began to investigate on the suspicion that they were dealing with a serial rapist . The following month , an 18-year-old woman reported being forced into a car , driven to Hellerup and sexually assaulted .
One week after the fifth attack , police arrested the 25-year-old man . He has been in custody ever since and according to Berlingske , police have been able to successfully match the 25-year-old 's DNA profile with several traces left from the attacks .
The possibility of a serial rapist in Copenhagen was largely kept out of the public sphere , in large part because of the terror attack in the Danish capital that played out the same weekend that the suspected rapist was arrested .
Police also feared that they could both set off a panic and give the suspected rapist a chance to clear his tracks if they went public with the search .
More racist hate crime reports at AbateTheHate.com
Comment ▼▼▼
Permission is granted to use the material in this article providing ( 1 ) the byline is included
in an obvious manner
crediting DailyKenn.com as the author , ( 2 ) a link to this page is included and ( 3 ) no changes are made either by deletion , addition or annotation . Original compositions at DailyKenn.com are sometimes seeded with decoy data , such as hidden acronyms , to detect unauthorized use and plagiarism .
Comments at DailyKenn.com are unmoderated . Comments containing obscenities , pejoratives , slurs , etc. , do not constitute an endorsement of this site , its contributors or its advertisors . Offensive comments may be deleted without notice .
Comment ▼
Redmond-based Microsoft may only recently have pushed out Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8 to the end user , but it has long since been the public knowledge that the company is looking at moving towards more regular release cycles . The days of completely revamped offerings arriving every five years or so will soon be a thing of the past , and incremental , annual improvements will then ensue . It should n't come as much of a surprise , then , that the software maker should be working on Windows 9 and Windows Phone 9 , and as a recent job posting infers , the company is on the hunt for a few more specialist engineers to add to its team .
In a job posting for a Bing Software Development Engineer , the company notes that the individual taking up the role will be working not only on Windows 9 , but also the IE11 browser . Internet Explorer has certainly lost its way among the likes of Google Chrome and Firefox , but with IE10 seeming to bring Microsoft 's famed client into the 21st century at last , the company is clearly looking to build on that progress .
It 's only natural that , if Microsoft is working on Windows 9 , it will also be taking similar steps with Windows Phone 9 , and that 's exactly the notion implied iSoftStone . The company tells of working on a month-long project for Windows Phone 9 , with tasks including the deployment of XAP/APPX apps . Although this information is not as strong as the job posting , there 's little doubt Microsoft is looking to keep its software product ranges in sync , and now it looks as though the wheels are in motion for both .
To add even more legitimacy to the claim that Microsoft is well into prepping Windows 8 / WP8 , a Microsoft employee noted in her profile that she 's working on Windows 9 OS for Nokia , HTC and Qualcomm devices . We can only presume , at this stage , she probably meant Windows Phone 9 , but as Neowin points out , it could also be that the company is preparing to brand its products under the one umbrella term . It was also reported a while back that the next iteration of Windows might be codenamed ‘ Blue ' , but considering today 's report , that might not be the case .
So , there you have it . Not exactly significant revelations , I grant you , but at least we have concrete evidence that the process of bringing the next Windows versions has begun .
You can follow us on Twitter , add us to your circle on Google+ or like our Facebook page to keep yourself updated on all the latest from Microsoft , Google , Apple and the web .
Related Stories
Washington continues to support militant Islamist groups as long as it 's politically expedient to do so , says global affairs researcher Benjamin Schett .
­US military adventurism , and the war crimes committed by the country 's forces , impoverish the entire region and ultimately lead to a rise in the number of Islamic militant groups , he told RT . Such groups , he says , can end up posing a threat to US citizens .
Schett spoke to RT about the killing of American Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other embassy staff in Libya .
RT : Ambassador Stevens was responsible for building Washington 's relations with the Libyan post-revolution interim leadership . Does that indicate that the people behind the attack are of a very different mindset to Libya 's current rulers ?
Benjamin Schett : Not necessarily . The United States supported militant extremist Islamic groups in order to topple the government of Muammar Gaddafi last year . And one example is the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group . It is , according to the Washington Post , a terrorist organization with links to al-Qaeda . Nevertheless , in 1996 , they received support from British Secret Service MI6 to kill Gaddafi , which did not work out , as we know . After 9/11 , in 2001 , they still got support from Western powers during the so-called uprising in Libya last year and the NATO bombing campaign . They got support from the US and Saudi allies , so obviously the US never stopped supporting militant Islamist groups as long as it 's in their geopolitical interests .
RT : What does this attack say about the authorities ' grip on security in post-Gaddafi Libya ?
BS : It shows that Libya is part of a broader organization of the Middle East and South and Central Asia , which is a direct result of US policies . We saw what happened in Afghanistan and Iraq after the US invasion – the clashes between Sunnis and Shias . We see what 's happening now in Syria , where the sectarian violence is being supported from the outside – from the Gulf states , from the US , and from France . And it 's what 's happening in Libya – all these different militias that received support in order to fight against Gaddafi are now turning against each other and are pushing for a tribalization of Libya .
RT : It 's believed the attacks were a response to this US film deemed offensive to Islam . But could it also be a side effect of US foreign policy in the region ?
BS : Definitely . The whole story of the clash of civilizations and Christianity versus Islam – all these stories , they do n't show the real picture . The real picture is that the majority of Muslims are as peaceful as the majority of Christians or Jews or whoever . The policy of supporting militant extremist Islamist groups as long as it serves geopolitical interests and fighting secular independent governments in the Middle East , or direct military intervention and war crimes , impoverishing of the whole region – certainly this leads to an increase of Islamic militant movements , which can turn out to be a threat to US citizens , as we 've just seen .
RT : It 's the first death of a high-profile US diplomat on duty abroad since 1979 . Could this killing affect future policymaking in the State Department ?
BS : The US official propaganda has a very cynical term regarding civilian deaths during a bombing campaign , called “ collateral damage. ” Of course , they would n't use this term when it comes to the death of a US citizen . But I think in the mindset of the US establishment , in a certain way this also was collateral damage because it wo n't make them stop their policies in the Middle East , even if it threatens the lives of American citizens .
Indian-origin actor Dev Patel , who was nominated in the best supporting actor category at the 89th Academy Awards for “ Lion ” , made the Oscar ceremony a family affair as he arrived here with mother Anita Patel . Cladded in a white Tuxedo , the 26-year-old star was looking every bit a charming gentleman . Patel 's mother complimented him well in a black sari with minimal make-up .
WATCH | Oscars 2017 : Moonlight emerges winner after onstage goof-up
Advertising
Directed by Garth Davis , the true-life inspired movie is based on Saroo Brierley , an Australian-Indian , who tries to find his lost family in India through the help of Google map . “ It 's mind-blowing . It 's amazing I 'm with my mother and this is very very beautiful and special moment . I 'm still trying to absorb it , ” Patel said on red carpet .
The actor even thanked child star Sunny Pawar , who played young Saroo in the movie , saying “ He 's a really beautiful little soul and I 'm grateful to him . ”
WATCH | Oscars 2017 : Indian Beauties Priyanka Chopra & Deepika Padukone Together At Pre-Oscars Party
Sunny attended the Hollywood 's biggest gala night in a black tuxedo and completed his look with green and yellow sneakers .
See pics of Dev Patel , mother Anita Patel , and Lion child star Sunny Pawar :
The eight-year-old kid was accompanied by his father and was seen mingling around with a lot of A-list celebrities and even clicked pictures with the best actor nominee Andrew Garfield . Priyanka Bose , who essayed the role of Saroo 's mother , also stunned in an embellished , multi-color Vivienne Westwood gown .
Watch | List Of Top 5 Indians Who Won An Oscar
Dev Patel lost the best supporting actor Academy Award to Moonlight star Mahershala Ali . The 26-year-old star bagged his first Oscar nomination for his role in Garth Davis ' Lion . The true-life inspired movie is based on Saroo Brierley , an Australian-Indian , who tries to find his lost family in India through the help of Google map .
Ali , who won the award for his quiet yet powerful performance as Juan in the Barry Jenkins-directed movie , created a history by becoming the first Muslim to win an acting Oscar .
WATCH | Here 's A Look At 5 Oscar Fun Facts
The 43-year-old actor , who was blessed with a baby girl recently , was presented the ceremony 's first trophy by last year 's best supporting actress winner , Alicia Vikander . Other nominees in the category were Jeff Bridges ( “ Hell or High Water ” ) , Lucas Hedges ( “ Manchester by the Sea ” and Michael Shannon ( “ Nocturnal Animals ” ) .
Advertising
Patel , who earned nominations in all the major awards this season , had won a BAFTA for his performance .
EGAN 'S CRUCIAL ROLE IN IRISH PEACE PROCESS MAKES HIS LOSS DEVASATATING
Richard Egan , former U.S . Ambassador to Ireland and billionaire businessman killed himself with a shotgun blast at his Boston residence on Friday police have confirmed .
He locked himself in a linen closet in his Boston home and shot himself at 12.32 p.m. on Friday .
Egan was suffering from stage 4 terminal lung cancer . A nurse who was present called police .
He was 73 and the founder of EMC Corporation a multi million dollar corporation . He was routinely listed as among the richest men in the world by Forbes magazine . They estimated his net worth in 2005 as $ 1.3 billion
He was President George Bush 's first ambassador to Ireland appointed in March 2001 and served during 9/11 , He spent 15 months in Dublin but was ill suited for the job .
A shy , reserved man he was not comfortable with the public aspects . He quit the post in June 2002 after a little over a year .
Privately , he was said to be frustrated by the slow moving nature of the job while his wife was said to be unhappy in the damp Irish climate .
Egan leaves behind his wife , Maureen , and five children . The family released a statement last night asking for privacy .
“ Ambassador Richard Egan died today at this home in Boston after a long illness , ” the statement said . “ Ambassador Egan was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer in May . . . “ This is a great loss to our family and we are terribly saddened . ”
In addition to lung cancer , Egan was also being treated for emphysema , diabetes and high blood pressure , the statement said . No funeral plans were announced .
Egan was a a resident of the exclusive Four Seasons condominiums on Boylston Street in Boston .
He was a major contributor to the George W. Bush campaign and was rewarded with the position in Ireland .
While there he will be most remembered for attending a Sinn Fein annual convention right after 9/11 .
Because the visit took place directly in the aftermath of 9/11 Sinn Fein was under pressure on the terrorism front . Egan 's presence signaled that the Bush administration was still determined to deal with Sinn Fein despite 9/11 .
Egan graduated from Northeastern University in 1961 with a degree in Engineering and was on the team that helped develop the Apollo moon mission memory systems .
He founded EMC , a disk memory storage system in 1979 .
The company experienced massive growth during the tech boom of the subsequent two decades .
Following his return to the U.S. he remained closely associated with Republican fundraising and was close to Vice President Cheney
On March 26 , 2006 The Irish Times reportedthe indictments of three people by the U.S. Attorney 's Office in New York , including two KPMG senior partners accused of setting up tax shelters using Irish companies . The IRS claimed that Egan invested $ 62 million in the scheme , though would not disclose whether Irish firms were involved .
Egan , an engineer by training , served in the Marine Corps Reserve during the Korean War , when he was 17 .
“ Dick Egan served his country with great honor and distinction , ” said former Massachusetts Gov . Paul Cellucci . “ More importantly , he was one of the finest and most entrepreneurial business leaders our state has seen for some time , creating tens of thousands of jobs and helping lead the commonwealth 's economic recovery in the mid-1990s . Dick was a good friend to me and I will always appreciate his support and miss him . ”
“ The world lost a great man and a great leader today , ” EMC CEO Joe Tucci said in a statement yesterday . “ On behalf of more than 40,000 EMC employees from around the world , we extend our deepest condolences to Mrs. Egan and the entire family .
“ Dick 's vision became one of the world 's top technology companies , and his legacy will live on through the tens of thousands of lives he affected in so many positive ways , ” Tucci said . “ We have all lost a great mentor and friend . ”
Kill the Baby
byFaruq Oyekan
Incest , baby killing and burning soup… . These three perfect elements combine for this short and hilarious dark comedy entitled Kill the Baby . The brainchild of co-writer/ co-director duo Alex Kavutskiy and Ariel Gardner , Kill the Baby is a twisted take on what it 's like to be a stressed out father of a newborn . Told through the inner thoughts of a father , Kill the Baby tells the tale of one man 's journey to finally shut up his annoying crying baby . His plan is half-baked , his reasoning is kooky , and the turn of the events in this short film is a bellyful of laughs .
The use of black , white and Scoreses-esque camera techniques create a film that looks frightening and dramatic on the outside . The darks are rich throughout the film and the picture looks beautiful on screen with its use of grain and contrast . Where the cinematography , especially shines is in its ability to add to the comedic brilliance of the short . The dark dramatic outside of the short sheds its self to reveal a satisfying center filled with nice chewy nuggets of dark comedy gold . Essentially the cinematography creates intensity in each scene of this short , while the content diffuses it in the best way possible !
The writing is sharp ! It cuts the audiences right down the middle with its bizarre and twisted take on parental life . Despite basing a comedy on such a taboo subject ( wanting to murder one 's own child ) , the short decides to stray further left field and in the end the taboo is not even the most bizarre subject of the short .. Alex Kavutskiy and Ariel Gardner have created a short that shines in its writing .
`` We tried to come up with a title that made us laugh . After that , everything came easy . The directing , music , and editing was inspired by Scorsese ( particularly the last day of being a wise guy sequence of Goodfellas ) , PT Anderson , Darren Aronofsky , and a little bit by the filmed comedy shorts by Kids In The Hall like The Affair and My Pen . ''
- Alex Kavutskiy and Ariel Gardner
The acting is top notch and the characters are just interesting enough to keep your interest every time they appear on screen . David Geis ' comedic timing is wonderful , and in the end he is able to create a character that is incredibly relatable and fun to watch .
Like with any good short film , Kill the Baby will make the viewer anxious and hyped for the inedible conclusion of the film .
Will the protagonist succeed ? Will he fail ?
Not many directors can make you juggle such feelings when watching a five minute short , however Alex Kavutskiy and Ariel Gardner successfully do , and the resulting movie magic is satisfying .
For laughs and an all-around funny short , check out Kill the Baby .
But wait ! Lucky for you there 's more , check out Kill the Baby 2 viewable on the director ( s ) YouTube page for more dark comedy fun .
INTERVIEW with Alex Kavutskiy and Ariel Gardner ( Writer/Director )
First , what 's your story ? How did you become a filmmaker ?
We started making silly videos in high school and fortunately never had to stop . And hopefully our production value and storytelling abilities got better since then .
Any interesting production stories ?
I do n't know if this counts as `` interesting '' but we were n't planning on making actual borscht on set but Erin , the actress who plays Julie , showed up and decided to learn and make actual borscht . And it tasted great . And for episode two , she made a really delicious birthday cake . So I guess we 'll just keep writing in food we wan na eat .
What is it like film making now after having made this film ? Has your approach changed ?
When you make no-budget internet videos with friends working for free , you put priority on making things as fast as possible and having people give up as the least amount of their time . With an idea like Kill The Baby , we felt it relied on an interesting and unique tone/perspective for it to work at all . This put us in a position where we got the chance to embrace a more creative approach to film form and language in all facets of production . Now we feel like every story requires its own specific , unique and interesting approach in order for it to work on a level that is satisfying to us ... From this point forward it 's going to be difficult to go back to approaching a story with a less assured perspective .
Do you have any projects lined up for the future ?
Kill the Baby 3 , baby ! Got a few other shorts in the works we 're also real excited about ( including one we just shot starring Randall Park ) and working on a script to make a feature soon . Our goals right now involve getting a constant steady stream of cinematic ideas from our brains to yours until we become stale and everyone hates us . If you 've read this far in the interview , you should probably follow our YouTube or Vimeo page or something .
Any advice to filmmakers ?
If there 's any filmmaking/writing tip that Kill The Baby confirms , it 's writing clear goals . If in every moment , the goal of the protagonist is clear and more-or-less relatable , you 're fine . Whenever it gets vague is when you lose people . You never know when a good idea will hit you and you never know which idea will resonate with people . For us it was at a coffee bean in Santa Monica and it was the idea of killing babies . If you have the energy , just keep making stuff until something works .
Comments
Loved it ! ! ! Very funny and disturbingly accurate in a warped kind of mind . ; - )
Please keep the episodes coming !
Justin Van Hout CEA
justinvanhout.com
Bucko Thompson became emotional as he told lawmakers about a call he made nearly a year ago to the Minnesota Poison Control Center that helped save his daughter 's life .
When 2-year-old Ayla Thompson drank mineral spirits that she 'd found on the kitchen counter in her home , her father Bucko did n't know how to help her while waiting for paramedics to arrive .
`` Ayla started gagging , '' he told legislators recently . `` I can just picture my girl in my arms . She started gagging and coughing profusely and was having trouble breathing . ''
Ayla 's intense cough meant that some of the solvent had gotten into her airway , making it difficult for her to get enough oxygen .
Desperate for advice , Thompson , a Warroad pharmacist , called the Poison Center in Minneapolis . Kirk Hughes answered .
Bucko Thompson ( in the purple shirt ) , hugged Kirk Hughes of the Minnesota Poison Control System on March 3 . Hughes took Thompson 's call nearly a year ago when Thompson 's two-year-old daughter Ayla accidentally drank mineral spirits . Thompson credits the poison center and Hughes with helping to save his daughter 's life . Jennifer Simonson | MPR News
`` OK , you need to try and keep her awake , if possible , '' Hughes told him . `` I know that 's difficult , but we do n't want her to go to sleep at all . ''
Thompson recalled that Hughes kept him focused on little things he could do to make Ayla comfortable . Meanwhile , another poison control specialist contacted paramedics and urged them to give the child oxygen as soon as they reached her house .
At the hospital , the emergency department physician told the Thompsons he also needed to talk to the Poison Center because he did n't have the expertise to treat Ayla .
`` We were there for seven hours in the ER monitoring Ayla , '' Thompson said , `` and the Poison Center was calling back to the ER , constantly on the phone with the physicians and the nurses there , to direct them what to do . ''
Two-year-old Ayla Thompson colored while her father , Bucko , left , visited with Kirk Hughes , a registered nurse and education director for the Minnesota Poison Control System . Jennifer Simonson | MPR News
Ayla survived . Thompson credits the Poison Center .
Now it 's the Poison Center that 's facing a crisis .
The center is part of the Minnesota Poison Control System , which evolved from a few hospital-based poison centers in the 1970s and '80s to one emergency call center located at Hennepin County Medical Center . The Poison Center 's toxicology specialists take an average of 132 calls a day , handling everything from household poisonings to drug overdoses and snake bites .
The Legislature mandated the creation of a single , integrated poison-control system , but it never fully funded the program . Now , as other sources of money dry up , the Poison Center says it needs more state support or it will scale back its 24-hour emergency call center .
The Poison Center received more than 48,000 calls last year . Sixty percent involved drug overdoses .
Children under age 6 , like Ayla , are especially vulnerable to poisoning . They accounted for 45 percent of the calls . In most cases , young kids ingest common household items like cosmetics , personal care products or household cleaners .
Health care providers make almost a quarter of the calls to the Poison Center . Director Debbie Anderson explained that it 's impossible for most physicians to keep up with all there is to know about poisonings , especially when newer products are involved — such as laundry detergent pods or liquid nicotine from e-cigarettes .
`` It 's not textbook , '' she said . `` It 's not something you can go and look up and say , 'Oh , you 've done step 1 . Do step 2 . ' Every situation is different . ''
It takes more than a year to become nationally certified as a specialist in poison information . That 's over and above the standard qualifications of being a pharmacist or registered nurse .
Anderson said that if she had to cut any of her highly qualified staff , she would have to scale back the Poison Center 's 24-hour call center .
The center 's funding problems started a few years ago when its federal grants were cut by more than 30 percent . Now , Hennepin County Medical Center says its contributions to the Poison Center will end on July 1st . HCMC says it can no longer afford to be the only hospital that helps subsidizes the statewide program .
The problem is not unique to Minnesota .
Stephen Kaminski , executive director and CEO of the American Association of Poison Control Centers , said most poison centers in the United States are facing a funding crisis .
`` Just since 2010 alone , six poison centers have had to close their doors because of funding reductions and funding cuts , '' he said . `` We 're not a governmental agency and not everyone realizes that . Every one of our centers has to scratch and claw for their funding . ''
Part of the challenge , he said , is the hodgepodge way poison centers are funded . When times are lean , they usually get squeezed .
Minnesota currently provides half the money needed to run the Poison Center . If lawmakers approve the center 's $ 800,000 request , it will restore the program 's budget for now . But it wo n't assure the Poison Center 's long-term future .
President Trump pauses as the media departs from the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Tuesday . ( Susan Walsh/AP )
For the entirety of Donald Trump 's presidency and most of his 2016 campaign , his critics have implored the media with a simple message : Call a lie . Trump has stated literally thousands of falsehoods by now , and his critics argue that to keep suggesting Trump might simply be getting his facts wrong gives him a pass . Journalists often resist the L-word because it implies intent .
But this entire debate misses a key point : that the alternative to “ Trump is lying ” is arguably even worse . And two new stories from The Washington Post and the New York Times lay that out .
The Post and Times stories both reveal falsehoods that Trump is telling his aides and senators in private , where Trump would n't necessarily expect they 'd make their way into the public domain . His conspiracy theories about President Obama 's birth certificate , polls and his loss of the popular vote persist in these settings . These theories have reportedly been joined by Trump 's argument that the “ Access Hollywood ” tape might be a fake ( despite Trump having repeatedly apologized for it and admitted it was him ) .
The Post 's Josh Dawsey , Ashley Parker and Philip Rucker report :
Trump has occasionally told senior advisers that the “ Access Hollywood ” tape could be fabricated or may not be real , according to two people who have heard him make the comments . At various moments — including during huddles with his aides at Trump Tower after he won the election and before taking office — Trump has sought to distance himself from the tape . Trump has asked others whether they think the voice sounds like him , suggesting that it does not , and has wondered aloud whether perhaps the tape was doctored or edited in an unfair way to villainize him . “ He would just assert it , and people would kind of say , ‘ Okay , let 's move along , ' ” said one person who had heard the comments . “ There 's no point in sitting there and litigating it with him. ” A second person who has discussed the tape with Trump recalled , “ He says : ‘ It 's really not me . I do n't talk like that . ' ”
The Times 's Maggie Haberman and Jonathan Martin ( who initially reported on Trump casting doubt on the tapes over the weekend ) add :
Mr. Trump 's falsehoods about the “ Access Hollywood ” tape are part of his lifelong habit of attempting to create and sell his own version of reality . Advisers say he continues to privately harbor a handful of conspiracy theories that have no grounding in fact .
It 's tempting to look at all of the falsehoods and see a guy who just ca n't stop lying — or , more charitably , “ a savvy marketer protecting his brand , as any businessman or politician would , ” as some aides described Trump to The Post . If that 's what he 's doing , critics argue , should n't we call a lie ?
But these stories and plenty more before them reinforce the alternative : Trump does not grasp basic facts . I 've written before about the “ Stupid or Liar ” theory — basically , the idea that someone who spews such falsehoods is either being deliberately deceptive or has no judgment . The takeaway is that neither is a good option , and the latter might actually be worse , because it suggests an intellectual deficit .
Trump has invited these questions thanks to his propensity for falsehoods . Over at New York magazine , Jonathan Chait reasons that if Trump is saying these things to aides behind closed doors , it reinforces the idea that he may simply be divorced from reality — or “ truly delusional , ” as Chait puts it . Why would Trump say them in private settings , after all , if he did n't truly believe them ?
I would argue that it 's also possible Trump is merely hugely prideful and wants his aides to believe the best about him . It 's also possible that he knows talking about these things in private will eventually leak out of the sieve that is the White House , and he does n't want his aides to tell reporters that he secretly admits his own conspiracy theories and false claims are nonsense . It would require true devotion to stand by these claims in all settings , public and private , but Trump is nothing if not consistent in his personal branding efforts .
Regardless , we 're still left with two competing explanations : Either Trump is lying or he truly does n't grasp basic facts and the implausibility of his own conspiracy theories . Whatever you think about Trump , neither is a quality you want in the leader of the free world .
METAIRIE , La . -- Jrue Holiday says his new five-year contract with the New Orleans Pelicans thrusts him into the role of helping persuade All-Star center DeMarcus Cousins to make a similar long-term commitment to the team .
`` I 've already started '' lobbying Cousins , Holiday said Thursday night after signing his new contract , which his agent , Jason Glushon , has said is worth $ 126 million , and could balloon to $ 150 million with incentives .
Up until NBA free agency began July 1 , Cousins was among a number of Pelicans players urging Holiday to stay in New Orleans , where he has played since 2013 .
`` They were definitely hounding me -- in a good way , '' Holiday said , jokingly adding that there `` might have even been threats . ''
`` But whatever . It was pretty much , 'We want you back . ' They were saying they could n't do this without me . ''
General manager Dell Demps reiterated that Holiday was New Orleans ' No . 1 priority in free agency .
`` We believe his best days are in front of him , '' Demps added .
Pelicans guard Jrue Holiday , signed to a new multi-year deal that could be worth up to $ 150 million with incentives , will head into his first full training camp in more than three seasons . Torrey Purvey/Icon Sportswire
Demps needs to be right about the 27-year-old Holiday if the Pelicans are to amount to much in the talent-rich Western Conference .
Holiday averaged 15.4 points , 7.3 rebounds and 3.9 assists in 67 games last season . During his eight-year NBA career , the former UCLA standout has averaged 14.3 points and 6.2 assists .
Demps has said he sees the 6-foot-4 Holiday 's value in his leadership and his versatility . Holiday is proficient at either guard spot and Demps gave a nod to Holiday 's defensive acumen when he described him as a consummate two-way player .
Holiday , meanwhile , alluded to a lot of unfinished business in New Orleans and the importance of the relationships he has built there .
A nagging lower-leg injury sidelined him for much of his first two seasons with the Pelicans . He was healthy for most of his third season , albeit while playing under minute restrictions , but a collision that fractured his eye wall caused him to miss the final weeks of that campaign .
Last season , he missed training camp and the first 12 regular-season games while taking a leave of absence to tend to his wife , former U.S. national soccer team player Lauren Holiday , who was diagnosed with a brain tumor while pregnant . Their first child , a daughter , was born healthy , after which Lauren Holiday had surgery to remove the benign tumor . Jrue Holiday said the Pelicans ' support during that time played a considerable part in his decision to stay .
`` Obviously , my family has been through a little bit of [ a ] hiccup , '' Holiday said . `` The organization and Dell , as well , has helped take care of us as a family . Coming back here was an easy choice . ''
Holiday added that he did feel he would be `` disappointing a lot of people '' he cared about if he left for another team . He added that he has seen `` a lot of good teams grow together -- go through ups and downs . ''
There was a family theme to Holiday 's contract signing at team headquarters . Holiday was joined not only by his wife and daughter , but also his parents , both brothers , his sister and Glushon , his agent .
Now , Holiday said , he expects to be able to spend an entire summer training hard for the first time in several years and is looking forward to his first full training camp in more than three seasons , leading him to concur with Demps that his best basketball lies ahead .
Holiday said he also senses that a promising stint late last season in which the Pelicans won eight of 11 games offered a glimpse of what the Pelicans could accomplish with their All-Star front court of Anthony Davis and Cousins , the latter having been acquired in a trade after the 2017 All-Star Game and still developing chemistry with his new teammates . Therefore , he did n't necessarily feel the need to leave in order to win , even though the Pelicans have made the playoffs only once -- and have n't won a playoff game -- in his first four seasons with the club .
`` Once we started to jell , I was like , 'Man , I could really see this going well , '' Holiday said . `` Obviously , previous years we had injuries , and that has n't helped us . But moving forward , all I see is kind of how we meshed last year and how fun it was to win . ''
A Davis County prosecutor is asking whether the Department of Justice and the FBI backed away from investigating a possible connection between a potential $ 2 million bribe and Majority Leader Harry Reid .
From the Salt Lake Tribune :
The $ 2 million cashier 's check was drawn at a St. George bank Nov. 5 , 2010 .
From there , it was sent by FedEx to a Los Angeles attorney who represented Ireland-based Full Tilt Poker .
Made out to “ Mail Media LTD ” — a Full Tilt-owned entity used to launder online-gambling funds — the millions then were deposited at Basler Kantonalbank in Switzerland , where Mail Media had an account .
And from there , Davis County Attorney Troy Rawlings is investigating whether it went into a Marshall Islands account in the name of Searchlight Holding Inc. to benefit , or even bribe , Harry Reid , the once-powerful majority leader of the U.S. Senate whom online poker companies had been courting to push a bill to legalize their gaming across the nation .
But documents gathered by The Salt Lake Tribune from state and federal investigations , court filings and public records requests — including audio recordings of interviews and thousands of pages of transcripts , summaries by investigators , emails , requests for evidence and other materials — show that the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) and the FBI failed to pursue a vigorous investigation of this money and any potential tie to Reid .
For the rest of this article , click here .
This week the rumour mill is churning out some news about Nvidia 's budget friendly GTX 960 graphics card . According to an add-in board partner source , Nvidia wants to reduce product supply of the 2GB GTX 960 and eventually only offer a 4GB version . This move could potentially put the GTX 960 in a better position competitively while also being more attractive to buyers .
According to a new report , Nvidia is looking to shuffle around its budget GPU offerings a bit , right now the green team has the 2GB GTX 950 , 2GB GTX 960 and 4GB GTX 960 sitting in the £129.99 to £199.99 price bracket . Removing the 2GB GTX 960 would clean things up a bit and potentially convince more people to spring for the 4GB GTX 960 .
The anonymous AIB source in question spoke with HWBattle , so we ca n't verify the legitimacy of this information . However , assuming everything is true , then Nvidia will also be putting its GTX 960 in a better position to compete with AMD 's similarly priced graphics cards , including the R9 380 , which also comes in 2GB and 4GB variants .
The difference between 2GB and 4GB of VRAM wo n't be too noticeable in a lot of titles . However , newer games and engines have become much more demanding on both video card memory and system memory over the last year , so the move would help keep Nvidia 's budget cards relevant for longer while we wait for Pascal next year .
Discuss on our Facebook page , HERE .
KitGuru Says : While the GTX 960 is still a competitive card in the sub £200 price bracket , it looks like Nvidia wants to push it a bit more . These cards still have to last quite a while too , as Pascal is n't due until later next year . What do you guys make of this ? Would this be a good move from Nvidia ?
DIGG THIS
In 1985 , the Board of Directors of Coca-Cola committed one of the biggest marketing gaffes in history . After decades of establishing their product as `` The Real Thing , '' they accepted the findings of their research team that discovered a taste people preferred in blind tests , and proudly announced that they had improved the formula .
The New Coke was an absolute disaster . The anger of the consuming public was so great that they had to eventually accept hundreds of millions in losses and figure out a way of reversing their course . They announced the return of `` Coke Classic , '' to give people a choice , and then quietly shelved the New Coke once they had gotten rid of as much of the stuff as possible .
Now , far be it from me to describe the Libertarian Party of 1971 to 2000 as a best-seller like Coke . Anyone who measures success by the election of LP members to office should have long ago given up and gone somewhere else ( the Republican or Democratic parties , if they have any common sense ) . Still , it was a far more effective brand than people think it was : it served as a feeder organization for the entire movement , and many non-political libertarians of today can trace their first contact with libertarianism to the Libertarian Party . It had and has an intellectual respectability within the field of academia and the blogosphere , and some within the field of journalism .
Well , we blew it . In a year that screamed for an alternative , we were virtually ignored , and in a year that had thousands of young , idealistic people energized , we failed to convince them that we are the only logical home for the Ron Paul Revolution . I think it is because we failed to defend our brand .
We do n't all want exactly the same thing , but we 're reasonably close . What I want is a society with as little aggression as the real ( not a fantasy ) world can provide . In my view , the most practical society will be based on private property anarchism , but if you put me in a room with Libertarian Party Founder David Nolan , who is explicitly a limited government libertarian , you 'll probably find that there is n't a dime 's worth of difference in our actual positions ( with the possible exception of immigration ) , and our differences are mainly in how we predict societies with libertarian sensibilities will address security , dispute resolution , and collective defense . In my view , a society of people committed to mutual respect will find a way to resolve these issues peacefully , and one reason I 'm an anarchist is that I do n't believe we can come to a single agreement : limited government is the theory that free market capitalism is best protected by a socialist monopoly . As an admirer of Friedrich Hayek , I do n't think any of us CAN know how a free society will solve all the serious problems facing a free society , and I do n't trust anyone who claims to know . Even me .
What all members of the Libertarian Party want is an appealing and DISTINCT brand that will attract people to libertarianism . Now , I happen to think that anyone who works within the LP has already made a decision to forego electoral success , but I would n't mind being proved wrong and , in any event , neither an educational nor an electoral strategy has a snowball 's chance in hell of succeeding unless libertarianism is an inspiring and unique brand , incapable of being confused with either Republican conservatism or Democratic progressivism . I do n't think we 've ever tried hard enough to brand it properly .
Our radical past is a myth . The LP before 2006 was NOT the product of decades of explicitly radical campaigns based on the Rothbardian platform of the LP . To this day , there has never been a presidential campaign that promoted anarcho-capitalism , and LP candidates who internally identified as radicals have , with rare exceptions , pretty much been as loathe to campaign on their ideal society as non-radicals ( I blame the misinterpreted and now-dead Dallas Accord for some of this , but not all ) . Similarly , the 2008 presidential campaign is NOT an example of the strategy recommended by the `` reform '' wing of the LP , as I understand it : they are every bit as eager as radical members to have libertarianism stand out , and not be viewed as merely a principled version of conservativism .
My view is that we must renew and strengthen our brand as the only consistent advocate of liberty , and that we must remain absolutely vigilant that we not appear to be a form of conservativism ( or progressivism ) . To my fellow radicals , I think it is time we accepted the less comprehensive platform on a permanent basis , working only to improve it where it strays from plumb-line libertarianism ( as I believe it does implicitly in the tax plank and explicitly in the immigration plank ) . To my friends in the reform wing , I think it is time you accepted the pledge and the Statement of Principles as keys to our brand , the Party of Principle .
Applied to issues , let me sketch out what I see the implications on a national level of a libertarian who wants a brand that is neither conservative nor progressive .
Foreign Policy — An end to military intervention in other countries AND an absolute stand in favor of global free trade .
Health — The abolition of restrictions on drugs and treatments AND the abolition of government subsidies for health care expenditures .
Economics — An end to coercively financed poverty welfare AND an end to corporate welfare .
I do think reformers should acknowledge the Law of Unintended Consequences . I have enough respect for many of you to know that you did n't want the absurd platform that came out of Portland in 2006 but , absent your strategy , it would n't have happened . Many of you did n't want Barr to be our nominee but , absent your strategy , he would n't have been the nominee . Acknowledge that .
Let me also caution my fellow radicals about People Who Live in Glass Houses . You talk a good game about other people not being open about the full implications of libertarianism , and you were eager to fight for a comprehensive platform in Denver , but I spent a lot of time browsing candidate web sites and reading newspaper clippings , and with rare exceptions , I could n't tell you which candidates were the radicals if my life depended on it . When it comes to radicalism , either put up or shut up ( for the record , you are all hereby invited to hold my feet to the fire on this issue as I expand my site , Anarchy Without Bombs , over the next several months : I 'm human , and sometimes I 'm weak , so if you catch me waffling at www.anarchywithoutbombs.com , I will be ever-so-grateful for your correction of my heresy ) .
I think the Ron Paul Youth are still up for grabs : their idealism will not be given a chance in the Republican Party , and they are largely pro-choice and pro-immigrant , inspired by Ron Paul primarily because of his courageous advocacy of a non-interventionist foreign policy . They are not conservatives . We still have the opportunity to inspire them to our side ( especially once the Obama Presidency gets going and starts disappointing ) . We 'll only do it if we restore the libertarian brand .
November 13 , 2008
The Best of Less Antman
Suddenly waking up Saturday morning has become a lot more desirable for students .
Penn State announced Tuesday night that student tickets for the Pinstripe Bowl will go on sale at 9 a.m. this Saturday at the Bryce Jordan Center .
The tickets cost $ 55 each and can be purchased using cash or a credit card at the Bryce Jordan Ticket office . Each student can purchase a maximum of two tickets with a valid Penn State student ID card . The tickets are in sections 202 and 203 that 's located in right-center field bleacher seats of Yankee Stadium , overlooking the one end zone and behind the Yankees bullpen .
The sale will run first-come , first-served until tickets sell out or until noon on Saturday , in which case the remaining tickets will be sold at the Athletic Ticket Office during Finals Week ( Dec. 15-19 ) .
But Penn State should n't have any problem selling its allotted student tickets . The athletic department has already sold out its ticket allotment , before the tickets were offered to the public , through priority members ' sales to the Nittany Lion Club and Alumni Association members .
This will be Penn State fans first chance to see the Nittany Lions play in a bowl game since the 2011-12 season when they lost to Houston in the TicketCity Bowl .
Fans , players and coaches have already shared their excitement , including Baltimore Raven John Urschel saying he 's jealous of the current team getting a chance to play in Yankee Stadium .
While the Pinstripe Bowl is n't until Dec. 27 , James Franklin announced at the Pinstripe press conference on Tuesday that his team and Boston College will both arrive in New York City on Dec. 22 . Their activities will include seeing the Radio City Christmas show on Christmas Eve , visiting the 9/11 memorial and having the coaches and team captains ring the opening bell of the New York Stock Exchange .
Penn State ( 6-6 ) opened up as a 3.5-point underdog to Boston College ( 7-5 ) .
The Wall Street Journal editorial page today has a predictably scathing take on President Obama 's climate-change plan . In a brief aside to the main argument — regulation baaaaad — it dismisses Obama 's naïve belief that reducing U.S. carbon emissions might “ inspire China ” to “ do the same. ” With its trademark confident flippancy , the editorial snarks , “ Good luck persuading Xi Jinping . ”
At about the same time the Journal sneered at the prospect that China would ever reduce its carbon dioxide emissions , China announced it would limit its carbon dioxide emissions . ( “ The target will be written into China 's next five-year plan , which comes into force in 2016 , He Jiankun , chairman of China 's Advisory Committee on Climate Change , told a conference in Beijing , ” reports Reuters , “ The government will use two ways to control CO2 emissions in the next five-year plan , by intensity and an absolute cap. ” ) In the face of contrary evidence , the Journal editorial page will surely reassess its certainty , right ? Good luck persuading Paul Gigot .
Photo : Frederic J. Brown/AFP/Getty Images
When the Obama administration launched its health-care reform project five years ago , conservatives were held back by the sheer lack of interest in the issue they had accumulated over the decades . Conservative intellectuals had paid hardly any detailed attention to the specific problems of health-care economics and found themselves grasping for generalized right-wing bromides . ( They have played vigorous catch-up in the years since . )
The same rough dynamic can be seen now as Obama launches a major climate change initiative . Conservatives are grasping for ideological truisms to fill a void of any detailed policy-level engagement . A case in point is the conservative belief that carbon reduction is pointless because China will never go along .
National Review 's editorial denouncing the Environmental Protection Agency 's new power-plant regulations offers a perfect sample of state-of-the-art conservative-movement thought on the subject . After the requisite nods to skepticism of climate science and Obama 's violation of the Constitution , the editorial patiently explains that reducing U.S. carbon emissions is stupid because the world will simply take up the slack :
If we reduce demand for coal in the United States by substituting other fuels in our electricity plants , that does not transform a corresponding sum of the world 's coal deposits into fairy dust . It will still be coal , and it will still be useful for producing electricity elsewhere . Reducing the amount of coal consumed by relatively clean-burning U.S. plants is much more likely to increase the amount of coal consumed by relatively dirty plants in Asia and Africa than it is to reduce coal consumption across the board . Coal is a mobile commodity ; reducing demand for it here will only make it less expensive abroad .
Erudition , my dear boy . Photo : Mickey Adair/Getty Images
This is the whole of National Review 's editorial treatment of the argument . It 's a simple aphorism : Other countries will do nothing whatsoever to limit their carbon emissions , so there is no point in us limiting ours . The same assumption undergirds most of the right-wing analysis I have found on this subject ( such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce 's “ study ” of power-plant limits , which has filled the void of conservative empirics . )
The striking thing about this reasoning is not so much that the conclusion is certainly wrong , but that it does not even recognize the counters of the debate . It 's true that the U.S. accounts for only around 15 percent of global carbon emissions , and Obama 's proposed reductions would have a modest impact on rising temperatures . But nobody thinks limiting U.S. greenhouse-gas emissions will solve climate change in and of itself . The entire purpose of doing so is to enable an international treaty .
The Journal 's editorial today at least acknowledges that Obama 's plan has a second part involving an international agreement . NR 's editorial , like a huge amount of right-wing commentary , simply assumes that the second part of the plan does not exist . It is like watching a man confidently explain why a mousetrap could never work on the assumption that the trap will be laid with no bait . Indeed , having dispatched Obama 's entire climate strategy with a wave of the hand , NR then goes on to posit that Obama 's plan is not even intended to address climate change at all : “ Given the facts , we must consider the possibility that this is not about global warming at all but is instead simply another tax , and a relatively large one , that will be used to underwrite favors for Democratic interest groups … ”
Photo : Mark Webb/AP
Now , it is true that negotiating international climate treaties is really hard . One can not assume success is certain ( nor are any advocates of Obama 's planning on doing so ) . But there is a fair amount of evidence to bolster Obama 's premise that committing the U.S. to the limits negotiated in Copenhagen in 2009 could at least plausibly bring other countries , especially China , along . Pilita Clark of the Financial Times has a report about “ widespread interest in the [ power-plant regulation ] move outside the US , ” including among Chinese officials . New York Times reporter Coral Davenport likewise describes widespread international attention to the plan . Analysts likewise portray China 's announcement today as a direct response to Obama 's plan :
The timing of the announcement – just a day after the Obama administration implemented tough new rules to cut carbon emissions from power plants 30 % by 2030 – appears deliberately chosen to show China will also take a leadership role on climate change .
Why , it 's almost as if American action could somehow encourage other countries to follow along . I know far too little about internal politics in China or any other foreign state to make any confident prediction on the final outcome of the next climate talks . But the people who are paying attention to international thinking about climate negotiations seem to believe that American leadership stands at least a plausible chance of working . Meanwhile , American conservatives , who dismiss the prospect out of hand , are paying no attention at all . Their certainty is matched only by their lack of interest in the details .
Update : Andrew Revkin depicts the Chinese announcement as more of a trial balloon than a certain policy shift . I do n't think this changes anything important about the argument above – dismissing out of hand the possibility that China will cooperate on carbon reductions is silly , and ignoring that this is central to Obama 's strategy is even sillier . Still , readers should not come away from the item considering a hard cap on Chinese carbon to be some kind of fait accompli . As I wrote above , I know far too little about internal politics in China or any other foreign state to make any confident prediction on the final outcome of the next climate talks .
Earlier this week , the University of California at Berkeley purged some 20,000 lectures from various academic fields from its YouTube channel following a less-than-sensible ruling from the US Department of Justice . But it seems not all content might be lost .
In an effort to preserve the material , digital archive firm LBRY announced it has taken the initiative to copy all 20,000 videos and make them permanently available for free on its website . To give you a better idea of the magnitude of all recovered resources , the full catalog already exceeds four TB of storage .
While Berkeley open-sourced the lectures to “ maximize the accessibility of free , online content ” to the public , two employees of another university brought a lawsuit under the Americans with Disabilities Act to demand all resources be either transcribed or taken down altogether .
Taking into account the high costs of transcribing such a vast amount of material , Berkeley was forced to comply with the request and take the more financially viable alternative , ultimately opting to remove the lectures .
This is when LBRY decided to move in and save the day . The company will make the archive available to the masses over the next several weeks .
While more technical users can head to this blog entry for instructions on how to access the recovered videos from command line , the less tech savvy will have to wait until LBRY opens the archive to the public along with its launch scheduled for early April .
And in case you were wondering whether mirroring the Berkeley lectures is legal , LBRY believes the content is legal under the First Amendment :
The vast majority of the lectures are licensed under a Creative Commons license that allows attributed , non-commercial redistribution . The price for this content has been set to free and all LBRY metadata attributes it to UC Berkeley .
For more details , read LBRY 's full blog post here .
Read next : Armenia 's rising tech scene : The new Silicon Valley of the former Soviet Union
Hacker Yifanlu published a tutorial over at vitasdk.org , explaining how to enable PS4 Remote Play on your PS Vita without PSN Sign-in . This is obviously useful for those of us willing to stay on firmware 3.60 : hacked Vitas running on firmware 3.60 do not have PSN access , and are therefore losing access to several services available to the console .
Update : a PS Vita homebrew was released that now automates the whole process . You can check ps4relink here . Otherwise keep reading if you 'd rather do it manually .
Yifanlu had released Netcheck bypass a few days ago , a PS Vita plugin that lets you bypass the PSN sign-in when it is required . For some apps where this is just a security check , this actually allows using the app on a 3.60 firmware , while for others , PSN access might actually be required to use the app , in which case Netcheck bypass does not help . This was the case for Remote Play , in which case YifanLu 's plugin was not really helping ( it will still be useful in the tutorial below to make the process smoother ) .
This tutorial just fixes that issue , and lets you use PS4 Remote Play without PSN Sign in on your PS Vita . And although today this requires lots of manual hex-editing , I would n't be surprised if an app was released soon to automate the process ( as a reminder , the GekiHEN homebrew competition just got its deadline extended to March 19th ! ) .
PS4 Remote Play without PSN sign-in , on PS Vita
It is now possible to do PS4 Remote Play without PSN Sign in on the PS Vita thanks to YifanLu 's tutorial . You can find the tutorial here , we also reproduce it below .
Remote Play requires a PSN sign-in at some point because when you sign in to PSN , your online ID gets cached ( along with your avatar image URL and banner image URL ) . The online id is required to link ( make sure the same PSN account/online ID is used on both your Vita and PS4 ) . If you logged in to PSN in the past ( before PSN spoofing was disabled by Sony ) , then this cached info is already on your Vita . However , if you formatted your Vita after PSN spoofing was disabled OR you purchased your Vita after spoofing was disabled , then you need to manually create this cache file . This guide will lead you through in doing that . Creating the Online ID Cache Make sure your Vita is linked to your PSN account . You do not have to be activated ! To ensure you are linked , restore your Vita ( do NOT format your memory card unless you want to lose everything ) . Once you get to the welcome screen , select that you already have a PSN account and type in the information . If you remember doing this when you last went through the setup , you do not have to do it again . Download and open up a hex editor . Create a new file and fill it with 328 bytes of 00 . 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 REPLACE the first N bytes of the file with your PSN online ID ( the same one tied to your PSN account ! ) where N is the length of the name [ Note from Wololo : you can use an ascii to hex converter to get this done ] . For example , if my PSN online id was “ MyAccountName ” then N would be 13 and the hex would be 4D 79 41 63 63 6F 75 6E 74 4E 61 6D 65 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 Make sure the file is still 328 bytes ! Save the file as myprofile.dat Enable HENkaku if you have n't already . With VitaShell/molecularShell , copy the file to ur0 : user/00/np/myprofile.dat . If any directory does n't exist , create it . Reboot your Vita and you can now use PS4 LinkUsing PS4 Link
When you use PS4 link , the Vita will attempt to log in to PSN and prompt you to update . If you cancel out , then it will still work . If you do n't want to be annoyed by the prompt again , you can install https : //github.com/yifanlu/netcheck_bypass
Source : Yifanlu on Vitasdk
Secret Service Agent Who Said She Would Not Take Bullet for Trump Keeps Government Job
The far left Secret Service agent who publicly stated she would not take a bullet to save President Trump was suspended in February – with pay .
Senior Secret Service agent Kerry O'Grady posted on social media in recent months that she will not protect President Trump . O'Grady posted several screeds on Facebook the last seven months saying she would not take a bullet to save President Trump .
From the Washington Examiner :
A senior U.S. Secret Service agent posted Facebook condemnations of President Trump during the past seven months , including one in which she said she would n't want to “ take a bullet ” for him . She explained herself saying she viewed his presidential candidacy as a “ disaster ” for the country , and especially for women and minorities . Now this…
Kerry O'Grady will not be fired – she will keep a government job . Remember the Secret Service agent who said she would n't take a bullet for Trump ? She is not getting fired but has been removed from her post pic.twitter.com/sx6fmjdV6G — FOX & friends ( @ foxandfriends ) March 20 , 2017
In Sunday 's first-round of regional elections in France , the clear and stunning winner was the National Front of Marine Le Pen
Her party rolled up 30 percent of the vote , and came in first in 6 of 13 regions . Marine herself won 40 percent of her northeast district .
Despite tremendous and positive publicity from his presidential role in the Charlie Hebdo and Paris massacres and the climate summit , Francois Hollande 's Socialist Party ran third .
What drove the victory of the National Front ?
According to The Wall Street Journal 's William Horobin , `` Ms . Le Pen , who has combined the party 's anti-immigration stance with calls for hard-line security measures and tighter control of France 's borders , has only bolstered her support in the three weeks since the Paris attacks . ''
The rightward shift in French politics is being replicated across Europe , as nations tighten borders and erect new checkpoints against the tsunami of migrants and refugees from Africa and the Middle East .
Angela Merkel and open borders are yesterday in Europe ; Marine Le Pen is tomorrow .
And the rightward shift is occurring here as well , propelled by the terrorist atrocity in San Bernardino . On immigration , terrorism , borders , crime and security , Americans are moving to the right .
Donald Trump has taken the toughest stance . He will send illegal immigrants back and make Mexico pay for his wall . He is the least restrained in what he would do to the Islamic State . And his lead nationally has now reached an unprecedented 20 points .
In Iowa , Sen. Ted Cruz is surging . Cruz would `` carpet bomb [ ISIS ] into oblivion , '' and try to make the sand around Raqqa `` glow in the dark . '' He charges Marco Rubio with collaborating with Sen. Chuck Schumer in backing amnesty for illegal immigrants .
In return , Rubio tears into Cruz daily , charging him with being soft on national security for having backed the USA Freedom Act that denies the NSA instant access to all phone and computer records of American citizens .
Like most Republicans , Cruz supported keeping NSA 's hands off the metadata of electronic communications of U.S. citizens . But that position seems more suited to the libertarian moment that has passed , not the national security moment we live in today .
Chris Christie says San Bernardino proves his point about keeping refugee wives and even 3-year-old orphans out of New Jersey . As we now know , that female terrorist may have been the radicalizer .
The Clintons have long been reliable weather vanes of national politics . And Hillary Clinton , too , has begun moving to the right . Sunday , she said she was ready to take `` military action '' if Iran fails to comply with the slightest provision of President Obama 's nuclear agreement .
She wants tech companies to start policing and shutting down Islamist websites that preach hate and may have radicalized the couple that carried out San Bernardino . Clinton added dismissively , `` You are going to hear all the familiar complaints : 'freedom of speech . ' ''
Monday 's Washington Post reported on how Bernie Sanders , yesterday 's Socialist sensation , received a tepid response when he spoke to a crowd about income equality , but failed to address the Islamist terrorist atrocity and what he would do about it .
Last week , The New York Times ran its first front-page editorial in 95 years , demanding new federal gun laws . America 's response—a stampede to gun stores to buy firearms for self-defense .
Outlawing AK-47s and AR-15s may seem like common sense to the Times . But Americans do not believe such laws would keep terrorists from getting these weapons . And many realize those cops used semi-automatic rifles to turn the terrorists ' SUV into a pile of junk in a single minute—and them into Bonnie and Clyde .
Even the president is signaling a shift to the right .
Sunday , in only his third Oval Office address , Obama said he will intensify bombing in Iraq and Syria . He wants tougher screening of those coming to America . And he concedes that `` an extremist ideology has spread within some Muslim communities '' and is a `` real problem Muslims must confront . ''
Tougher on crime , tougher on terrorists , tougher on securing the border—that is the demand of the moment , and probably of 2016 .
Americans are coming to realize we can not prevent all such slaughters as Ford Hood and Virginia Tech , Columbine and Aurora , Tucson and the Navy Yard , Newtown and Umpqua College , and Charleston .
Nor can we prevent all Islamist terrorism if Muslims raised here or living here become radicalized in mosques or by the Internet , and seek revenge and paradise as warriors of ISIS by slaughtering Americans .
Al-Qaida and ISIS now realize the worldwide publicity gains of Paris and San Bernardino in terrorizing the West . And they will surely seek to replicate those massacres .
And every new atrocity , whether of the work place or Islamist variety , will make cops more popular and guns seem more essential .
New horrors are likely ahead—that will continue America 's turn to the right .
COPYRIGHT 2015 CREATORS.COM
Patrick J. Buchanan needs no introduction to VDARE.COM readers ; his books State of Emergency : The Third World Invasion and Conquest of America , and Suicide of a Superpower : Will America Survive to 2025 ? are available from Amazon.com . Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of the new book “ The Greatest Comeback : How Richard Nixon Rose From Defeat to Create the New Majorit
( CNN ) President Donald Trump appeared to take credit for the decision of major Gulf nations to cut diplomatic relations with Qatar , an important US ally , putting his stamp of approval on the move despite Pentagon and State Department attempts to remain neutral .
`` During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology . Leaders pointed to Qatar - look , '' he tweeted Tuesday .
The tweet could pose difficulties for the US in explaining why it remains in Qatar , host to the one of the Pentagon 's largest military bases in the Middle East and a linchpin in the campaign against ISIS . For that reason , the President 's 140 character blast may raise concerns within the Defense Department .
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology . Leaders pointed to Qatar - look !
Pentagon officials moved quickly to limit any damage , with spokesman Capt . Jeff Davis telling reporters Tuesday that the US is `` grateful to the Qataris for the longstanding support for our presence and their enduring commitment to regional security . ''
He added that the US has `` no plans to change our posture in Qatar , '' stressed that there has been no impact on military operations and urged all parties to work together to resolve the crisis .
Defense Secretary James Mattis called his Qatari counterpart Tuesday to discuss the situation , a US defense official said . There was no formal readout on the call , but a second defense official said it was an effort to keep the dialogue open on positive military relations between the two countries .
State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the US was informed of the Gulf nation 's decision , but only `` immediately prior '' to the announcement being made .
Nauert said Qatar has made some progress on reducing terror financing , `` however , let me make this clear , '' she added : `` They have made progress , but they still have work to do , more work needs to be done . ''
And like Davis , Nauert struck a different note than Trump did , saying that the US is `` grateful to the Qataris for their longstanding support for our presence in the region . ''
Amid the mixed messaging , White House press secretary Sean Spicer declined to say whether Trump encouraged Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries to cut ties with Qatar after Trump appeared to claim credit for the move on Twitter .
Spicer said the US `` wants to see this issue deescalated and resolved immediately '' and said regional cooperation is `` so important . ''
Analysts say Trump 's Twitter intervention calls into question the role of the US as an impartial arbiter in the region .
`` The President has just sided with everyone else rather decisively , '' said Hussein Ibish , a senior resident fellow at the Arab Gulf States Institute . `` The administration 's two priorities are confronting terrorism and Iran , that 's exactly what this is about , '' Ibish said . `` The chance of the US siding with Qatar , giving them a face-saving way out , is totally gone . ''
The President did not express concern or condemn the move by Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , Egypt and the United Arab Emirates to break off relations with Qatar in the worst diplomatic crisis to hit Gulf Arab states in decades .
Instead , he offered praise , tweeting Tuesday morning that it was `` so good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off . They said they would take a hard line on funding extremism , and all reference was pointing to Qatar . Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism ! ''
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off . They said they would take a hard line on funding ... — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 6 , 2017
The tweets were a 180-degree reversal of his own position on Qatar , a nation he commended during a May 21 summit in Saudi Arabia , saying relations were `` extremely good . ''
`` He highlighted the relationship between the US and Qatar as a strategic one and noted that Qatar hosts a major airbase and today he characterizes it a financier of radical ideology , '' said Eric Trager a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . `` The question is why ? Why the change ? ''
The shift could create difficulties for the Pentagon . Trager notes that Qatar is a country in which American interests and values are `` in great tension . ''
... extremism , and all reference was pointing to Qatar . Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 6 , 2017
`` The Pentagon sees Qatar first and foremost as the country hosting a major airbase and President Trump appears to have , in light of this crisis , focused more on what Qatar is promoting ideologically over what Qatar is providing for American forces . That 's the basic trade-off here . ''
The three Sunni Gulf countries and Egypt accused Qatar of supporting terrorism and destabilizing the region , in part because of its ties to their Shiite rival , Iran . Yemen , Libya and the Maldives also cut ties with Qatar .
The squabble could disrupt the US-led campaign against ISIS , particularly since the main regional center for daily air missions and coordination of air operations is the US military 's Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar .
JUST WATCHED Qatar accused of supporting terror Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Qatar accused of supporting terror 03:39
The Persian Gulf nation of 300,000 people is now the subject of a blockade by some of its closest neighbors . They have closed down air and sea links with Qatar and have said they will look for ways to block other nations from flying through their airspace on the way to Qatar .
The crisis could ripple globally . Qatar is the world 's top exporter of liquefied natural gas and a crucial energy supplier to Europe and Asia .
Saudi Arabia has also shut the local office of the Qatar media group Al Jazeera .
Qatar -- which shares its only land border with Saudi Arabia -- has rejected the accusations , calling them `` unjustified '' and `` baseless . ''
JUST WATCHED Food , fuel and flights : How Qatar may suffer Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Food , fuel and flights : How Qatar may suffer 01:18
Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al Thani , speaking to CNN 's Becky Anderson Tuesday , said a Saudi Arabian statement accusing his country of terrorism was `` full of false information . ''
`` With all due respect , this statement is full of contradictions because it is saying that we are supporting Iran and on the other hand supporting the extremist groups in Syria ; and we are supporting the Muslim Brotherhood in Saudi or in Yemen and we are supporting the ( Iranian-backed ) Houthis form the other side . In all battlefields , there are adversaries , '' Al Thani said .
Qatar 's independent Emirs have long pursued their own foreign policy path , to the irritation of Saudi Arabia . And while Doha admits to supporting Islamic movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas , it denies any support for terrorism .
`` Is the government of Qatar financing terrorists ? The evidence of that is very tenuous , '' Trager said . `` But is Qatar , through its media outlets , promoting a certain type of ideology ? Yeah . ''
It was n't clear if the President had discussed his tweet with either the State or Defense departments beforehand , and queries to the White House were not immediately returned . But he struck a very different note than his Cabinet officials .
Asked about the Gulf blockade at a Monday press conference in Australia , Defense Secretary James Mattis said , `` I am positive there will be no implications coming out of this dramatic situation at all and I say that based on the commitment that each of these nations ... have made to this fight . ''
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , speaking alongside Mattis , also downplayed the possibility of negative repercussions for the fight against terrorism and urged the parties to stay unified . `` We certainly would encourage the parties to sit down together and address these differences , '' he said .
Qatari citizens have been told they have 14 days to leave Saudi Arabia , Bahrain and the UAE , and those countries also banned their own citizens from entering Qatar .
The Amazing Spider-Matt :
Can you tell us a little bit about yourself ? : I 'm Matt , online known as The Amazing Spider-Matt . I 'm 29 . I have a beard . I 've been a gamer since I 've had memories . My first memory is hitting my head on the corner of a table but my second memory is of my Dad setting up an Atari during a thunderstorm . I 'm also a comic collector , and have been collecting since I was about five years old .
What is your geeky tattoo of and why did you get it ? : My newest tattoo is a Hylian Shield and the Master Sword from Legend of Zelda . I chose this piece because I 'm a lifelong gamer and I 've always been a fan of the game . It 's the third tattoo I 've gotten , but so far my favorite . Several years ago I got “ THWIP ! ” on my other arm by a friend who was experimenting in tattoo work , and it did n't turn out great so I had it touched up professionally and then added a red and blue spider next to it .
Any plans for future tattoos ? : I actually want a sleeve on both arms . My left will showcase my love of comic books , and my right will be dedicated to all things gaming . I eventually also want a TARDIS on my back ( and my wife wants to add ‘ Bad Wolf ' tagging to it like it 's symbolically for her ) .
What games are you currently playing ? : We recently purchased an old school NES/SNES console so I 've been replaying the original Dragon Warrior as well as Legend of Zelda . I 've also been playing the new Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword on the Wii U . Every now and again I 've been throwing on Witcher 2 for the Xbox 360 .
If you could live in any video game for a month , which would it be and why ? : I think just being in the video game world does n't necessarily mean I would be a part of the activities , so I 'd say Legend of Zelda but I 'd probably end up just being a disgruntled peasant . If I were to pick one where I could gain powers , I 'd pick any Marvel licensed game .
If you were on a deserted island what video game , comic/book , movie , TV show would you bring ? :
Video Game : Travelers Tales Walking Dead Game
Comic Book : Saga . In Brian K. Vaughn 's own words , “ It 's like Star Wars , but for perverts . ”
Movie : Fifth Element . I can watch that over and over again and never get bored .
TV Show : The Walking Dead .
Where can we find you on the internet ? :
Blog : http : //TheAmazingSpiderMatt.com
Facebook : http : //www.facebook.com/TheAmazingSpiderMattPage
Twitter : http : //twitter.com/AmzngSpiderMatt
Xbox Gamer Tag : AmzngSpiderMatt
Untypically Jia :
Topic : S-100 Systems Repair ServicesDate : 2016 FEB 09
The Glitch Works offers several services related to S-100 system repair , maintenance , and improvement . We have direct hands-on experience with :
MITS Altair 8800 systems ( original 8800 , 8800A , 8800B , and 8800B Turnkey )
IMSAI 8080 systems
Cromemco Z-2 line
CompuPro ( Godbout ) 8/16 IEEE-696 multiprocessor systems
NorthStar Horizon systems
Vector Graphic systems
Solid State Music products
SOL-20 Terminal Computer systems
Please visit the S-100 section of the site for a look at a few of the boards we 've repaired , documented , assembled , or designed . Contact us for more information and pricing on our S-100 services .
While the majority of this work has been provided to individuals or small companies , we 've also repaired and rebuilt boards for the Vintage Computer Federation east coast museum at the InfoAge Science Center in Wall , NJ . We are happy to help museums and other historical preservation efforts at reduced cost .
Board Repair
Any S-100 board is repairable , given enough time and effort . If you have the schematics for your board , or we 're able to acquire the schematics , the repair process is greatly simplified , as no reverse engineering is required . Boards are cleaned , tested , and repaired in systems as close to the target system as possible – if you send us Altair boards , they 'll be debugged with a MITS board set and final tested in an Altair .
Typically newer components are used in S-100 repairs , but if you 'd like us to source period-correct components for a historical system , we 're happy to do so . We have access to a large supply of New Old Stock ( NOS ) and socket-pull inventory , as well as a network of suppliers specializing in NOS components .
We 've repaired some real messes : boards with extensive damage from previous owners ' repair attempts , blown traces from catastrophic component failures , and chemical damage from improper initial assembly ( use of organic acid core flux without proper cleaning , for example ) . Many boards have required full or partial resocketing , when single-wipe IC sockets were used in initial assembly .
Full System Refurbishing
We 're more than happy to take on full system repairs , rebuilds , and refurbishing . We work with customer-provided hardware , as well as on-hand inventory . We can also source boards and components through our network of suppliers . At the end of a full system refurb , you will receive a system guaranteed to operate with its current board set to your design specification .
Board Exchange and Purchasing
We maintain an inventory of S-100 boards in-house , both tested and awaiting test/repair . If you 'd like to exchange your nonworking S-100 board for a tested , working unit , we can provide a reduced cost based on the condition of your nonworking board ( s ) .
If you have S-100 boards to sell , we 're interested in purchasing them .
Custom Board Design and Assembly
We can design and assemble custom S-100 boards , from one-off point-to-point or wire wrap prototypes to small run PC board fabrication . Design services will include a copy of any and all schematics , board layouts , and/or software involved in the project .
For custom board design , we work primarily in EAGLE CAD and KiCAD .
Reverse Engineering and Duplication
Need a board repaired for which schematics or documentation does not exist ? We offer reverse engineering services and can provide schematics for your board , in addition to repair services . We also offer board duplication services from original PC board layouts ( digital or hardcopy ) , or directly from the original board . Do note that , if you require duplicated boards as professionally fabricated PC boards , but only have the actual board to source for artwork , we 'll have to disassemble the board for scanning and digital conversion .
Yesterday , when 2016 presidential hopeful Rand Paul could 've been doing literally anything else , he decided to do something weird and embarrassing instead .
Hillary Clinton 's new Valentine 's Day Pinterest board is worth a look . Check it out and please RT ! https : //t.co/UCOodbX9gh — Senator Rand Paul ( @ SenRandPaul ) February 14 , 2015
The senator ( or , more likely , some poor disillusioned member of his team ) created a fake Hillary Clinton Pinterest account for Valentine 's Day . It 's not worth looking at , so I 'll tell you about it .
The account features a `` White House Remodel '' board ( cause women love interior decorating ! ! ) , a `` Shoulda Woulda Coulda '' board full of Democrats and spelling errors ( direct quote : `` # bffes who almost got there . Pined for reflection . `` ) , and a `` Power Couple '' board featuring unflattering photos of Hillary and Bill ( he 's her capital B Bae ) . Not only is it a poorly done parody , it 's not even a good use of Pinterest or internet slang . But there is this Valentine :
So . There 's that .
This is kind of like the time John Boehner 's staff used Taylor Swift GIFs to attack Obama , but with an even more amorphous political position and worse graphics . Hey politicians , we know the teens do n't care about you , but this ? Your dated , bumbling application of trends and media to political attacks ? It 's not working .
Javascript variables ; should you use let , var or const ?
sigu Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 5 , 2017
Ever wondered when to use either of the three ? Why were the other two introduced into javascript ? Lets try to get some answers
1. var keyword
for ( var i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i++ ) {
console.log ( i )
}
console.log ( i )
I am making an assumption you know how for loop works . Make a guess , what will be the value printed by the first console log , what about the second one ?
The first one will print out values 0to 9 then the last console log will print the value 10 . This is because i am still valid outside the for loop — the scope of i is not bounded by the curly braces { } . Now what about this :
function ( ) {
for ( var i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i++ ) {
console.log ( i )
}
console.log ( i )
}
What will be printed this time round ?
var and variables in es5 has scopes in functions meaning the variables are valid within the function and not outside the function itself . The code above hence outputs same results as the previous one . With this information what is the output of the next code ? :
function printing ( ) {
for ( var i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i++ ) {
console.log ( i )
}
}
printing ( )
console.log ( i )
Right the last console.log has an error stating that i is undefined since the scope of i in the above function is restricted within the function itself so i is only available inside printing
There is also the concept of variable hoisting which might make this blog longer so lets do it in a separate article
One last thing , have you ever seen JavaScript code that looks like this :
( function ( ) {
for ( var i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i++ ) {
console.log ( i )
}
} ) ( )
This is an attempt to keep variables in scope to the functions , this is usually called immediately invoked function expression .
Too much madness up to this moment , so much so that es6 comes with a way to deal with this variable scope drama .
2. the let Keyword
Its the solution to the madness in the var variables . These variables are scoped in the braces { } so in this case you can guess what happens
for ( let i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i++ ) {
console.log ( i )
}
console.log ( i )
It will print 0–9 then throw a reference error as i is not in scope outside the braces
3 . The const
Do you have values that you dont want changed or that will never change ? Like the value of mathematical pi , they can be assigned to const in javascript . Const actually means that once the variable is assigned it can not be assigned again and an attempt to do so will throw an error
Lets think of a situation where we can use a const , like say we want to apply discount to an array of numbers and we do not want this discount to be changed at any other point
const multiplier = 3.4
discount = 5.6 // this will throw an error
[ 23 , 56 , 67 ] .map ( ( num ) = > num * discount )
The nice looking arrow = > inside the map function is called arrow function which I have written something about here
What might happen in this case
const dog= {
age : 3
}
dog.age = 5
dog = { name : 'biko ' }
The const does not make the variable immutable hence the dog.age will change the age property of the dog object . The last statement will throw an error as the dog can not be assigned to another variable . Pretty confusing , huh !
Guess what happens here then
var i
i = 34
for ( let i =0 ; i < 4 ; i++ ) {
console.log ( i )
}
console.log ( i )
Conclusion
Always use let as much as possible to avoid the scope monster
References for further reading
I was struck by this magnificent Norwegian cabin resort during my research into the country 's wilderness . The Manshausen Island Resort lies in the Steigen archipelago , above the Arctic Circle in Norway . Developed by polar explorer Børge Ousland , his vision was a sustainable adventure exploration resort that is fully immersed in the coast 's rugged environment . It is beautifully positioned between the Barents Sea and the famous Lofoten mountain range to the north . The cabins look out over the remote location 's ever changing weather , flora , fauna and structure .
An Exploration of Home
Personally I crave wild smells , sights and experiences like I crave food and water . I 'm well aware how my body and mind soften when I 'm in it . And how they stiffen when I 'm not .
So this summer , we 're hooking up our vintage caravan , bundling in kids and cats , and taking a road trip adventure through Sweden and Norway . Having left my native Sweden for the UK when I was just five years old , I ca n't wait to explore the country I still call home . I 've travelled and lived all over the globe , but never close to home . Having never been to Norway , this is a trip of a lifetime for me and my family . And perhaps one that sets off a chain reaction of further adventures .
I hope our travels can take us as far north as the Lofoten mountains and a stopover at a Norwegian cabin in the Manshausen Island Resort .
Seeking Adventure and Protection
The resort is situated in a dramatic landscape with fast changing weather conditions and long winters . It 's recognised that humans – whilst seeking adventure , beauty and nourishment – also seek comfort , shelter and security from the wilderness outside . These impressive cantilevered structures are built like a cave . This design exposes us to the breathtaking view , whilst also protecting us from it . The front of the cabin exposes us to nature head on to witness the dramatic environmental changes . The rear offers protection , with a kitchen , bedroom and bathroom for 2-4 people . There 's also plenty of storage for clothes and kit .
From the security of this fabulous Norwegian cabin , you can kayak , hike , fish , dive , cave , ski and more . Northern Norway is also a great place to see the Northern Lights ( Aurora Borealis ) . Check the activities on the Mansousen Resort website .
A Norwegian Cabin where Sustainability is Key
Explorer and resort developer Børge Ousland is guided by nature and sustainability . Architect Snorre Stinessen skilfully executed Ousland 's vision , understanding the priorities , considerations and restraints of this delicate environment . In the harsh climate for example , trees and moss grow at a much slower pace so must be treated with utmost respect .
The resort is built on some key fundamental principles :
creating minimum impact
using minimal size and materials
re-use where possible
adopt traditional and natural principles
careful waste management
low energy
self-sustainable
Windows are carefully positioned considering viewpoints , ventilation and the geometry of the space . Natural ventilation and heat retention systems ensure that the 30sqm cabins remain at a comfortable temperature .
All waste is handled directly on the island . Whilst the cabins are currently connected to the public power grid , the aim is to be self-sustainable within 5 years of opening .
Food is sourced from small bakeries and local fishermen on the island . Ousland also dives for larger fish . And never for more than is needed .
Manshausen was once of importance in the fishing industry . The stone quay lays largely untouched as part of the foundation for this Norwegian cabin resort . This sustainable vision thus creates an interesting intersection between old and new , nature and man .
Photography : Steve King and Siggen Stinessen
Biophilic Design : We Need Nature to Feel Good
I 'd love to tell you more about Biophilic Design , and how it impacts our wellbeing , productivity and creativity . I 've written about our innate need for shelter and nature as part of Biophilic Design practices on this page . You can also see it applied in our own home in this post . I hope you find it useful and interesting !
If you like this natural approach to living , adventure and interior design , do sign up for updates via my blog and shop newsletter . I 'd also love to see you on social media ( Instagram , Facebook and Twitter ) . You may also love this Norwegian cabin from our Scandinavian road trip . There were so many magical spots along the way , and I always kept close my favourite campsite foodie companion book ; [ amazon_textlink asin='1910904341′ text='Food the Fire ' template='ProductLink ' store='chalkandmoss-21′ marketplace='UK ' link_id='c29fe6eb-662d-11e7-a378-0fa7fc5f20e8′ ]
Do have a browse through my nature connected design shop while you 're here !
Spokespeople for the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights : Rupert Colville on Syria , Liz Throssell on Cameroon
Location : Geneva
Date : 13 December 2016
( 1 ) Aleppo , Syria
The capture by pro-Government forces of the remaining parts of Aleppo city is imminent . There was extremely heavy bombardment and shelling throughout the day yesterday . Armed opposition groups reportedly withdrew from a number of neighbourhoods in the city in the morning , and early yesterday evening were believed to be still controlling only a tiny area – perhaps one square kilometre -- of the city .
Civilians have paid a brutal price during this conflict , and we are filled with the deepest foreboding for those who remain in this last hellish corner of opposition-held eastern Aleppo . While some reportedly managed to flee yesterday , some were reportedly caught and killed on the spot and others were arrested .
There are believed to still be thousands of civilians in the neighbourhoods which until recently were under opposition control , including activists and Civil Defence members who are at risk of grave violations including detention , torture and killing . We have been receiving reports that many civilians have been detained by pro-Government forces . We have also been informed that pro-Government forces have been entering civilian homes and killing those individuals found inside , including women and children .
Multiple sources have reports that tens of civilians were shot dead yesterday in al-Ahrar Square in al-Kallaseh neighbourhood , and also in Bustan al-Qasr , by Government forces and their allies , including allegedly the Iraqi al-Nujabaa armed group .
Yesterday evening , we received further deeply disturbing reports that numerous bodies were lying in the streets but residents were unable to retrieve them due to the intense bombardment , and their fear of being shot on sight . In all , as of yesterday evening , we have received reports of pro-Government forces killing at least 82 civilians ( including 11 women and 13 children ) in four different neighbourhoods -- Bustan al-Qasr , al-Ferdous , al-Kallaseh , and al-Saleheen .
We hope , profoundly , that these reports are wrong , or exaggerated , as the situation is extremely fluid and it is very challenging to verify reports . However , they have been corroborated by multiple reliable sources .
We understand some armed opposition fighters fled the area while others surrendered to pro-Government forces . We have received reports that groups of opposition fighters were escorted out of the city by Government forces , and indeed scenes showing this have been screened on Russian TV .
We have heard from family members outside the conflict are that they have lost contact with their loved ones in what used to be opposition-held areas of the city . Their whereabouts are unknown .
The only way to alleviate the deep foreboding and suspicion that massive crimes may be under way both within Aleppo , and in relation to some of those who fled or were captured , whether fighters or civilians , is for there to be monitoring by external bodies , such as the UN – including our staff and that of the Commission of Inquiry on Syria – or some other neutral international body or bodies .
The screening being done by the Syrian army and their allies must itself be screened , to expose and deter any of the types of violations including torture and summary executions which we have seen throughout this barbaric conflict .
And , of course , there must finally be accountability . Due process and accountability – for any individual on the opposition or Government sides against whom there is sufficient evidence for a conviction .
The following are some of the key points derived from international law relevant to the current circumstances :
The Government of Syria must respect and protect the right to life of all civilians as well as of fighters who have surrendered , or laid down their weapons , are sick or wounded or otherwise hors de combat .
The Government of Syria must provide medical assistance to all sick and wounded , civilians and fighters alike , without any discrimination .
All persons detained must be treated humanely , in particular they must be protected from any form of ill-treatment or torture .
If security measures ( such as vetting ) are imposed they must strictly comply with international law . In particular , these measures should never involve any discrimination on the ground of race , colour , sex , language , religion or social origin and must be limited to those that are strictly necessary .
All persons detained must be informed of the reasons for their detention , and must be promptly brought before a court to review the lawfulness of the detention .
All those accused of a criminal offence , are entitled to trial offering all judicial guarantees , as provided in article 14 of the ICCPR .
A press release by UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein will follow .
( 2 ) Cameroon
We urge the Government of Cameroon to ensure that there is a prompt , effective and independent investigation of reports that police officers used excessive force during a protest in the town of Bamenda on 8 December , during which four people are reported to have been killed .
There have been several demonstrations in recent weeks in the English-speaking regions of Cameroon , primarily against the use of French in schools and in the courts . Teachers , lawyers and students have been protesting at what they see as a violation of their right to use their language and culture .
We call on the Cameroonian authorities to ensure that the security forces exercise restraint when policing demonstrations , and that the rights to peaceful assembly and freedom of expression are respected . We also call on demonstrators to protest peacefully and not to resort to violence .
We urge the Government to take quick and appropriate action to constructively address the grievances being voiced in these regions fully in line with Cameroon 's international human rights obligations and the political commitments made in the Human Rights Council Universal Periodic Review .
ENDS
For more information and media requests , please contact Rupert Colville ( +41 22 917 9767 / rcolville @ ohchr.org ) or Ravina Shamdasani ( +41 22 917 9169 / rshamdasani @ ohchr.org ) or Liz Throssell ( +41 22 917 9466/ethrossell @ ohchr.org )
Multimedia content & key messages relating to our news releases are available on UN Human Rights social media channels , listed below . Please tag us using the proper handles : Twitter : @ UNHumanRights Facebook : unitednationshumanrights Instagram : unitednationshumanrights Google+ : unitednationshumanrights
It was early summer , and the wealthy politician 's son was in trouble . He 'd done something terrible , possibly criminal , something that would almost certainly derail his future and harm his family .
As he and his siblings had always done , he went back to the family home , to confess to the father who 'd had such high hopes for his offspring . “ Dad , I 'm in some trouble , ” he reportedly said .
And then the family took over .
The family 's crisis team drafted a statement for the young man to give and , crucially , a strategy to shape the public 's perception . If America saw this married man in his late 30s as a boy — handsome and high-spirited , mischievous , not a criminal — he 'd be able to squirm out of his misdeeds with minimal punishment .
If this sounds familiar , it should . It 's how , in the summer of 1969 , the Kennedy camp managed the fallout after 37-year-old Teddy drove his car off a bridge off Chappaquiddick Island , and his young female passenger died .
Senate Republicans have heard the Democrats ' demands for a deliberate confirmation process for Donald Trump 's nominees .
But they do n't care .
Story Continued Below
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 's conference has scheduled six Cabinet-level confirmations hearings for next Wednesday , Jan. 11 , the same day the chamber will likely slog through an all-night vote-a-rama on a budget and the president-elect will give his first press conference in six months .
It 's a disastrous schedule for Senate Democrats .
Republicans insist their intention is not to obscure the confirmation hearings for cabinet nominees amid a flurry of political activity . But the net result will likely be too many events for comprehensive news coverage — and it may tank Senate Democrats ' long-planned strategy to systematically attack Trump 's cabinet and wound the Republican Party .
“ There is a whole lot of : ‘ Do n't watch what we 're doing here , ” said Sen. Patty Murray of Washington , the No . 3 Democratic senator .
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( D-N.Y. ) has personally urged Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) not to schedule simultaneous hearings on Trump 's selections , warning that such a move would test the new relationship between the two leaders . But the GOP ignored the entreaty by scheduling the attorney general , secretary of state , CIA director , education secretary , homeland security chief and transportation secretary all for the same day .
“ Not acceptable . I 've told that to Mitch McConnell , ” Schumer said in an interview Thursday . “ I do n't think my members would find what they did appropriate or acceptable … I talked to Sen. McConnell last night , we had a very good discussion . I am hopeful we can resolve this . ”
But Republicans are standing firm , refusing to back down to Democrats ' requests to move some of the hearings to different days . The GOP says the calls for delay are a transparent attempt by Democrats to slow down the confirmation process and isolate individual nominees with negative publicity . Don Stewart , a spokesman for McConnell , said `` Sen. Schumer is not satisfied with precedent and best practices . ''
“ They 've made pretty clear they intend to slow down and resist and that does n't provide a lot of incentive or demonstrate good faith to negotiate changes . So I think we 're going to just be plowing ahead , ” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn ( R-Texas ) .
In interviews on Thursday , Schumer 's Democratic colleagues lashed the GOP for purposely trying to bury any negative revelations that come out of the hearings for secretary of state choice Rex Tillerson , education secretary pick Betsy DeVos and attorney general selection Jeff Sessions by packing the schedule on what will surely be the busiest news day of the new year , so far .
“ When you try and jam them in all one day , the appearance it gives is you are trying to rush them through … and minimize scrutiny ” said Sen. Tim Kaine ( D-Va. ) .
Further , many Democratic senators serve on multiple committees holding hearings that day , complicating their plans to cut down Trump 's nominees .
Sen. John Barrasso , Vice President-elect Mike Pence and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell arrive for a news conference in the Capitol on Jan. 4 . | Getty
“ I can figure out how to walk across the hall to attend two hearings , ” said Sen. Chris Murphy ( D-Conn. ) , who will juggle confirmation hearings for both Tillerson and DeVos that day . “ But the American public is not gon na have the chance to see who these people are . ”
There has only been one other time that the Senate held confirmation hearings for six Cabinet-level nominees on a single day , according to the Congressional Research Service . That jam-packed day was Jan. 18 , 2001 , when the GOP-led Senate hosted George W. Bush 's picks to lead the Justice , Agriculture , Health and Human Services , Energy , Veterans Affairs and Interior Departments .
And as many as seven of Barack Obama 's nominees got confirmation hearings on a single day during his 2009 transition , although they were n't all Cabinet officials .
“ If they can point out a way that we 're not treating the Republican nominees in about the same way we treated the Democratic nominees , I 'd be glad to hear it . But I do n't think they can , ” said Sen. Lamar Alexander ( R-Tenn. ) , who will oversee DeVos and Labor pick Andrew Puzder .
But Democrats say this time really is different , arguing that Trump 's nominees are uniquely unqualified and have far more complex financial issues than Obama 's nominees . They have called for tax returns for several nominees and for the standard FBI background checks and Office of Government Ethics procedures to be completed before proceeding with the confirmation process .
McConnell made similar requests as minority leader during the first months of Barack Obama 's presidency . In a previously-undisclosed letter obtained by POLITICO , McConnell wrote to then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D-Nev. ) in February 2009 , asking for both the FBI and the OGE process to be finished before committee chairmen scheduled a hearing . That request came after Republicans cooperated with the Democratic majority to tee up confirmation votes for seven of Obama 's nominees on Inauguration Day 2009 .
It 's a bit different in 2017 . As of Thursday afternoon , three of the six Trump nominees on tap next Wednesday have completed the disclosure process through the Office of Government Ethics , according to a Senate Democratic aide : Tillerson , Sessions and Rep. Mike Pompeo ( R-Kan. ) , Trump 's CIA pick . Meanwhile , only Sessions has completed the standard FBI background check process , which does n't generally disclose information publicly but does include a briefing for the chairman and the ranking member . Sen. Dick Durbin ( D-Ill. ) said late finishes for FBI checks are n't unusual , however .
And it 's those omissions Democrats say make clear the GOP is deliberately stacking hearings to obscure them .
“ They 're trying to bury it , ” said Sen. Claire McCaskill ( D-Mo. ) . “ No question . ”
Republican Sen. Thom Tillis of North Carolina had some curt advice for Democratic complaints : “ It 's called separation of powers and a DVR . ”
“ We 're not going to free up their time to potentially obstruct the president 's transition at the expense of us doing our jobs , ” Tillis said .
Ditto Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr ( R-N.C. ) , who is helming the hearing for Pompeo and juggling the DeVos hearing .
“ We 've got a lot of people to process , and mine 's been on the books probably the earliest . So that 's the only one I 've got control of , ” Burr said . “ I 've got other confirmations that day . You know , when you got 1270 confirmations to go through , you have n't got a lot of time to do it . ”
Others are more sympathetic . Senate Homeland Security Chairman Ron Johnson ( R-Wis. ) said he had deliberately scheduled homeland security pick John Kelly for the afternoon so that Foreign Relations members could concentrate on Tillerson in the morning . And Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker ( R-Tenn. ) and Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley ( R-Iowa ) are each making Tillerson and Sessions 's hearings last two days .
But Corker suggested in an interview that “ maybe a discussion should be taking place ” about a different schedule — for some other chairman .
“ I know there are some concerns about hearings , and maybe there is a need to prioritize . But secretary of state is … a very important national security position , ” Corker said . “ Secretary of state is almost first among equals as it relates to cabinet members . ”
Sen. Ben Cardin of Maryland , the committee 's top Democrat , has long worked hand in glove with Corker on the panel 's issues . But Cardin is withholding his blessing for the hearing date .
“ I have not signed off on it . He does n't need me to sign off on it , ” Cardin said . “ With Sen. Corker it 's been fine but there is this overall [ scheduling ] issue that is a concern . ”
According to a review of senators ' committee assignments , at least a dozen senators are preparing for multiple hearings in the same day . And things might be toughest for the likes of Sens . Chris Coons ( D-Del . ) and Jeff Flake ( R-Ariz. ) , who will have to hop back and forth between confirmation hearings for two particularly high-profile nominees : Tillerson and Sessions .
Flake 's solution ? “ Running in between them . ”
Marcus Kruger holding out hope for a long-term contract
Like everyone else , Marcus Kruger is waiting to see how Stan Bowman is going to make this all work .
Kruger , a restricted free agent , did not receive any offer sheets and did not file for arbitration , so he 's almost certain to return to the Blackhawks in the fall . But he has yet to re-sign , because the Hawks have yet to resolve their salary-cap situation .
With 21 players on the roster and a $ 750,000 bonus overage carried over from last season , the Hawks are right at the $ 71.4-million salary cap . In order to sign Kruger , who likely will command around $ 2-2.5 million per season , Bowman must shed more salary . The Hawks have tried to move Bryan Bickell ( $ 4 million salary ) and Kris Versteeg ( $ 2.2 million ) , according to sources , but have n't found any takers .
Kruger 's camp is holding out hope for a long-term contract , but might have no choice but to settle on a short-term deal if it takes the Hawks all the way until October to get cap-compliant , as it did last season .
“ Our preference is longer-term negotiation , ” Kruger 's agent , J.P. Barry , said in an email . “ There may be some scenarios where we could discuss a shorter term , but that would depend on the situation . We will stay patient and let the team sort through its cap issues . ”
Kruger , 25 , had seven goals and 10 assists in 81 games last season , and has proven invaluable as a penalty-killer and shutdown center on the fourth line . Bowman said on July 17 that he 'd like to have Kruger signed before camp opens on Sept. 18 , and Kruger has made it clear he wants to stay .
But for now , all he can do is wait .
“ We have had regular contact with Chicago and we know they would like to proceed , but ca n't at this juncture , ” Barry said . “ Hopefully something changes that soon . ”
Junior achievement
Chicago was named one of five finalists to host the World Junior Championship , one of the biggest hockey tournaments in the world , in 2018 . USA Hockey will choose between Chicago , Buffalo , Pittsburgh , St. Louis and Tampa to host the tournament , which is contested in late December and early January , and features 10 countries and the best players in the world under the age of 20 .
USA Hockey expects to narrow down the field over the next two months .
No , really . There 's no punchline . This is a real thing .
It 's hard to know how to feel about Fridays anymore . On the one hand , you 've made it through another week of President Trump—or whoever 's actually in charge around here—diligently working to single-handedly initiate the collapse of Western civilization . On the other hand , though , the advent of Friday afternoon just means that the president 's next insane conspiracy theory-peddling Twitter meltdown is less than 24 hours away . I never imagined that anyone would find a way to ruin Saturday mornings , but I also never thought a professional wrestling character would one day be elected President of the United States . Life comes at you fast .
Contrary to popular belief , however , politics is not all doom and gloom and buffoon these days . Scott Taylor , a first-term Republican congressman out of the great state of Virginia , has introduced his first piece of sponsored legislation , a bill that would amend the Fair Housing Act to prohibit sexual orientation discrimination in housing . I am pleased to inform you that there is no sarcastic punchline . Congressman Taylor apparently just wants those in the LGBT community to be able to rent an apartment or buy a house without being turned away because of their sexual orientation or gender identity . Here , look for yourself .
Of course , introducing a bill is super-cool and everything , but as Schoolhouse Rock fans everywhere may recall , this means exactly nothing . Of the 10,084 bills introduced during the last Congress , only 326 of those were enacted into law , which makes the odds of any one proposal running the gauntlet ... [ does math ] not great ! Plus , since the congressman 's Republican colleagues are working around the clock to take healthcare away from poor people—an effort , by the way , that Taylor supports—my guess is that this freshman legislator 's bill wo n't get a whole lot of traction in Paul Ryan 's looming Ayn Rand fantasyland .
Still , in the midst of a presidential administration that , to put it delicately , does n't give a shit about LGBT issues and , frankly , doubts whether discrimination on that basis even exists , it 's nice to know that at least some legislators believe that their job responsibilities occasionally entail something other than making life demonstrably worse for their constituents . Imagine that .
