Honeybees and wild bees alike are mysteriously dying off all over the world . And scientists have long struggled to pinpoint why , exactly , that is .
Some experts cite diseases and invasive parasites like the Varroa destructor mite , introduced from Asia and afflicting US honeybees . Others point to a new class of pesticides called neonicotinoids that mess with the nervous systems of insects . Still others blame the loss of wild habitat , as diverse flowers are replaced by suburban lawns or farms with just a few crops , impoverishing bee diets .
But the best explanation may be that it 's not just one thing hurting the bees — it 's lots of different things working together , often in unexpected ways .
In a recent review paper for Science , a team of researchers argues that the combination of modern stresses facing bees seem to be much deadlier than is often appreciated . Pesticides alone might not be enough to wipe out bee colonies , but studies have shown that they can make bees more susceptible to invasive parasites . Poor nutrition can lead bumblebees to succumb to disease . Fungicides and pesticides are more potent together than in isolation . This graphic from the paper details just a few known interactions :
Now , it might seem totally obvious that chronic exposure to lots of different stresses would be bad for the bees . But surprisingly , the authors note , both scientific research and regulatory reviews do n't always capture these synergies well . `` It 's a lot easier to study a single stressor in the lab or the field , '' says Dave Goulson , a professor of biology at the University of Sussex who coauthored the review . `` But we have n't really tried to tackle how these things all interact . ''
`` The causes are clearly complicated , but the solutions do n't have to be ''
The good news , Goulson adds , is that this could actually make it easier to help the bees . `` If you 're working off the assumption that it 's a single cause , then it 's hard to do anything until you figure out what that is , '' he says . `` But if you acknowledge that it 's likely lots of things — disease , lack of food , pesticides — then improving the situation for any or all of those makes sense . ''
That would mean steps like incorporating more flower-rich habitat into farmland , reducing pesticide use when possible , and better monitoring the global bee trade in order to limit the spread of foreign diseases . The authors also note that we need better data on wild bees , which are actually responsible for the majority of crop pollination but about which we know fairly little .
We may want to get started soon . Honeybee colonies have been dying off each winter in the United States and Europe at elevated rates . More alarmingly still , wild pollinators like bumblebees appear to be on the decline . Seeing as how US honeybees alone pollinate $ 16 billion worth of crops each year , from apples to blueberries to cherries to almonds , that 's all worrisome .
Goulson notes that the world is n't facing a pollination crisis just yet . Yes , US and European honeybee colonies have been dying off in the winter , but beekeepers have worked furiously to rebuild stocks in the spring . But if you combine the surging global demand for crop pollination — which has tripled in 50 years — with the decline of wild pollinators , then there 's the potential for things to go very badly in the near future .
I talked to Goulson in more detail about what we really know about the bee decline , Europe 's recent pesticide ban , the destructive global trade in bees , and what we can do to avoid a disaster .
Brad Plumer : What do we actually know about the decline of bees ?
Dave Goulson : For honeybees , we can say there have been increased rates in winter colony losses , especially in North America , but also in Europe . This varies from year to year , but commercial beekeepers are broadly concerned .
Now , just because there 's increased mortality in the winter , that does n't mean the number of bees is going down . Beekeepers are madly replacing hives in the spring so they can pollinate crops .
But then there are also wild pollinators , like bumblebees , which are actually responsible for the bulk of crop pollination . Here , there are some big holes in our understanding . In some places like the United Kingdom , we have good maps that let us see how the wild bee distribution has changed . And we can see that there have been clear contractions in the ranges of wild bees . But a map is a very crude indicator . What we really lack is population data .
So with wild bees , we can definitely say that some species have undergone big range declines , and some species have gone globally extinct . Franklin 's bumblebee has n't been seen in Oregon and California since 2006 and is almost certainly gone for good . In North America , Bombus terricola used to be one of the most common bees that everyone would see in their garden . And it 's now gone from almost all its former range .
So we can say something is wrong with the wild bees .
BP : In your paper you note that `` there is clearly no major pollination crisis yet '' — in part because commercial beekeepers are rebuilding honeybees . But could we have one in the future ?
DG : That 's really the concern . We 're becoming more and more dependent on a smaller number of bee species . And those species are themselves showing signs of ill health . If things were to get much worse , it could have major implications . Similarly if we see a big decline in wild bees , which , again , are responsible for the bulk of pollination .
At some point — and we do n't know if that 's next year or 50 years from now — there 's a real danger that we could see crop yields start to suffer . That would be dramatically damaging to the economy , but also bad for the well-being of people . We 've got a growing population and a growing demand for pollinated crops .
BP : Why is this happening ? Studies on honeybee decline often focus on a single cause — like parasites or pesticides . But you argue that we should pay far more attention to how these things interact .
DG : You can see why people study one factor at a time . It 's much easier to do in a lab or a field . And it quickly becomes really expensive to design experiments where you look at a range of different stressors . So the basic limitation is a practical one .
And it 's not just the mainstream scientific research , but regulatory studies , as well . Some of these can be pretty woeful in terms of their realism .
For example , take pesticides . Studies will figure out what levels the bees are likely to be exposed to . And they 'll expose the bees to them and see if they 're still dead or alive after a period of time . But that 's a crude way of looking at it . In the real world , there are often many other stressors as well . And we have n't tried to tackle how those things interact .
That said , there have been some nice studies that show pairwise interactions , often in unexpected ways . For example , there was a study by an Italian group , led by Gennaro Di Prisco , showing that low levels of exposure to neonicotinoids could knock out bees ' immune response and allow viruses to replicate much more quickly . So if you were examining those bees , you might conclude that it was just the virus — whereas that might miss the ultimate cause .
BP : So how do we stop the bees from vanishing ?
DG : The causes are clearly complicated , and probably vary from place to place . But the solutions do n't have to be complicated .
In fact , this almost makes it easier . If you 're working off the assumption that it 's a single cause , then it 's hard to do anything until you figure out what that is . But if you acknowledge that it 's probably lots of things — disease , lack of food , pesticides — then improving the situation for any or all of those makes sense . For instance , there 's experimental evidence that if you make a bee hungry , it becomes more susceptible to disease . So if a bee is well fed , it has a better chance of coping with disease .
Basically that means that a number of different steps , from reducing new pathogens , to reducing pesticides to planting a wider variety of flowers , can help .
BP : Back in 2013 , Europe announced a two-year ban on neonicotinoid pesticides . Have we learned anything from that ban yet ?
DG : Not yet . The moratorium went into effect 14 months ago , but some of the autumn crops like canola were still treated with neonicotinoids . So it might be too soon to see effects until we see a summer without neonics . This summer might be the first summer that we see that .
There are also limitations . Europe is collecting data on honeybee colony death . But there is n't a good wild bee monitoring scheme in place .
One interesting point though , is to look at the yields from the spring-grown crops that went in last year — maize , corn , sunflowers . These were the first crops grown and harvested without neonics , and yields were higher than ever . So we did n't seem to see an impact on that side .
BP : You mention in the paper that there 's this global trade in bees that 's not well monitored and helps spread disease around . What 's going on there ?
DG : Honeybees have been moved around the world for centuries . And when humans were first doing that , they had zero knowledge of parasites and pathogens .
So back in the 1700s there was this initial wave of spreading disease around the world . And we actually do n't know all the effects . We do n't know what was in America before honeybees were introduced , so we do n't know what impact that has .
But this is still going on , and we can trace some of the impacts now . The Varroa mite came from Asian honeybees in the past few decades , and we 've now actively spread that around the world .
There 's also a big bumblebee trade that has come up since the 1990s . And this has created problems . Bumblebee nests have to be reared on pollen , and these big factories that rear them import thousands of kilos of pollen from beekeepers all over the place . And these factories are n't always maintained to the highest hygiene standards . Then you 're , again , shipping bumblebees to all continents , so you 're increasing the potential for pathogen to spread .
South America has seen a collapse in a native species in the face of imported European bumblebees , so clearly this is a practice has the potential to do a lot of harm . There 's also circumstantial evidence that this was behind the decline of Bombus terricola in North America — many people believe that was due to a disease from European bees , but that has never been proved .
Anyway , we know moving bees around like this is a dumb idea . And to be fair , some of these factories are trying to improve . They 're experimenting with things like irradiating the pollen . But they do n't seem able to do so with 100 percent effectiveness .
BP : If a lot of bees do end up vanishing , are there any other alternatives ? Do n't they hand-pollinate some crops in China ?
DG : For most crops , that 's incredibly inefficient . It can work for high-value crops . But I 'd be very surprised if we can replace bees with something more effective .
The obvious thing we 'd do if things became very bad is that we 'd grow fewer insect-pollinated plants and more wind-pollinated plants . More wheat and barley and corn and so on , which we already eat a lot of . So our diet would become much poorer , and we would struggle to maintain a healthy diet without fruits and vegetables . Blueberries . Raspberries . And so on .
Interview has been lightly edited for length and clarity .
Last night , I wrote about the civil rights movement 's epically misguided war against school disciplinary standards . Not surprisingly , as Mike McDaniel ( a high school teacher ) has shown , the Obama administration stands shoulder-to-shoulder with its base in this battle .
Eric Holder expressed his commitment to the cause in 2012 , when he said :
We 've often seen that students of color , students from disadvantaged backgrounds , and students with special needs are disproportionately likely to be suspended or expelled . This is , quite simply , unacceptable . … These unnecessary and destructive policies must be changed .
Not long thereafter , President Obama signed an executive order creating something called the President 's Advisory Commission on Educational Excellence for African Americans . Its mission is to “ promote a positive school climate that does not rely on methods that result in disparate disciplinary tools . ”
Unfortunately , to the extent that black school children as a group receive a “ disparate ” quality of parenting ( e.g. , more parenting without a father , more parenting by an extremely young mother , more parenting by drug addicts ) , the only way to avoid disparities in school discipline is to stop meting out disciplinary action or to discipline white students based on standards more stringent than those applied to blacks .
This , it seems , is the Obama administration 's idea of a “ positive school climate. ” This , it seems , is Obama 's vision for America .
New wheels and Mazda brakes … In its natural habitat … Sway bars … Clean interior … GM shift knob seems out of place … Click to enlarge … Those tires look awesome … Beefy springs … Click to enlarge … 400HP SBC fits better than you 'd think … Volvo V8 240 from the rear . Click to enlarge … High-flow Borla exhaust … Simple instrument cluster intact … Clean cargo bay … Aggressive stance … Love it ! Prancing moose edition Volvo …
Old Volvo 240s are already referred to as “ tanks ” by their loving fans , but there are ways to make the durable wagons even more tank-ish . One was it to simply drop a 240 shell onto a 4WD truck frame . Another , more ambitious way to beef up the 240 ? Upgrade everything .
Upgrade everything is the path that the owner of this awesome , American V8-powered Volvo 240 off road special obviously chose- because everything , everywhere has been beefed up !
Under the hood , the old Volvo 4 cylinder has been replaced by nearly 400 HP worth of American V8 . The shocks have been built up by the guys at Legacy Classic Trucks . The upgraded , 15″ wheels are fitted with off-road tires , the underbody is protected by a custom crash guard- everywhere you look , this Volvo fitted with parts designed to let it go wherever you decide to take it .
This unique Volvo 240 wagon is currently for sale on eBay , and should be there for two more days , at least . In case it disappears , I 've included the ad 's text , below . Enjoy !
Offroad Volvo is More Than the Sum of its Parts This is a truly unique and awesome rally car / battle wagon of a Volvo 240 , painstakingly built by Legacy Classic Trucks of Driggs , Idaho . Classic reliability of the Volvo 240 Brick coupled with modern GM American muscle of a V8 . The car began as a beautiful condition Volvo 240DL wagon , and then Legacy went to work . They rebuilt the entire suspension , motor mounts , fuel system , exhaust , and drivetrain . It is a car that gets looks without being gaudy – and is truly at home on the dirt . Legacy Classic Trucks is a top-tier professional shop , with extensive experience with suspension design and GM V8 conversions – check out their other work at their web site ( google Legacy Classic Tucks – eBay does not allow a direct link in this description ) . So , what was done ? Drivetrain : The heart of the vehicle is the outstanding GM V8 , putting out approximately 400 horsepower , coupled with a six-speed automatic transmission , specifically : GM 2010 LC9 aluminum-block V8
6L90 automatic transmission
Corvette shifter , with manual tap shifting and digital gear display
Newly fabricated motor mount brackets
Custom steering knuckle
Custom modified K member to accommodate the engine size
IPD oil pan shield
Balanced driveshaft
Fully programmed and cleanly mounted ECM
Custom air intake and filter
Limited-slip rear differential
Dual catalytic converters
Custom Borla exhaust
Note that the vehicle is fully emissions compliant , and is currently registered in Pima County , AZ , having passed their emissions testing with flying colors . Gas mileage has average 20mpg for me . The horsepower is put down to the road through new BF Goodrich KO2 All-Terrain tires , ideal for poor terrain , sand , mud , snow , etc . This beast will go anywhere and through anything , thanks to the limited-slip rear differential . To match the engine power , the brakes were upgrades with new discs and oversize Mazda calipers in front ( new discs and standard Volvo brake calipers in the rear ) . Suspension : The suspension was completely customized for offload performance , travel , and ground clearance . It has a 2″ lift over the stock height . The front suspension is all new custom coil-over setup with adjustable ride height ( no external reservoirs ) , plus : New front bushings and ball joints
New IPD sway bar and links
Massive IPD upper strut brace
Fully adjustable strut mounts
The rear suspension is more extensively improved , with : IPD Adjustable Panhard bar
Drop straps on rear axle to limit rear suspension travel
Billstein shocks
Adjustable height coil springs
IPD upper arms and sway bar
Related systems : Fully functional ice-cold air conditioning
Holley fuel regulator and new custom fuel pump
Rod Davis aluminum radiator with dual electric cooling fans
Alpine stereo deck with Bluetooth and handsfree phone connection
6.5 ” front speakers and 6 ” x9 ” rear speakers
Tow hitch with trailer light wiring
215/75/R15 BF Goodrich KO2 All-Terrain tires
Custom wheels
Hella rally lights on the front bumper
Wet Okole waterproof seat covers in front This is not some shade-tree hack job , it is a professionally built expression of what a massively powerful and capable vehicle the classic Volvo 240 series vehicle can become . The package is much more than the sum of the parts , expertly engineered by Legacy . It can blow down the freeway for long road trips , it can take on the worst backroads and adventure spots . It has outstanding visibility and a massive amount of cargo space with fold-down rear seats . It is a truly one-of-a-kind car for the connoisseur who is tired of the same old things . I have driven this about a thousand miles total , and it runs great . Extremely powerful and reliable . My driving was done in Phoenix and Tucson in the peak of the summer , and it has no problems with engine temperature , and the A/C blows nice and cold . The base car for the project had just under 90,000 miles on it when work began , and it has about 1000 miles on it in its new form . I have gotten all the bugs worked out for you , but I ca n't keep it myself – I have gotten financially overextended and have to let it go . Let my loss be your gain ! Further Improvements Not happy with it as it sits ? Well , there are a couple more elements that could be upgraded further . A cruise control box has been added to the dashboard , but the requisite control module has not yet been added . The weakest point on the build is the rear axle , which could be replaced with a stronger unit . The stock Volvo axle and differential are just fine for 99 % of driving , but if you really want to unleash all the ponies from the engine and put it into really extreme conditions , that would be something to consider ( it would be a straightforward modification to make ) .
Source | Images : eBay .
Austria will host the UCI Road World Championships for the third time in September 2018 , with cycling 's biggest championships taking place in Innsbruck after Vallach in 1987 and Salzburg in 2006 . Related Articles Innsbruck-Tirol 2018 Worlds courses revealed
Debt , bankruptcy , and crowdfunding : Bergen 's World Championships hangover
2018 Tour of the Alps to end on Innsbruck World Championships circuit
Innsbruck awarded 2018 Road World Championships
The courses have been designed for climbers , with the men 's road race featuring close to 5000 metres in elevation , with the 'Highway to Höll ' set to be decisive final steep climb of the race .
Thomas Pupp , founder of the Tirol Continental cycling team , was a key figure in the successful Worlds bid and believes the two-kilometre climb to Gramartboden , dubbed the 'Highway to Höll ' , can become an icon of the sport .
The 'Highway to Höll ' comes eight kilometres from the finish of the long lap around Innsbruck with a technical descent through Hungerburg and Hotting before the finish line . The climb is likely to attract large numbers of spectators , with the section of road that reaches 25 per cent likely to be the most popular destination .
`` The locals call this steep road the 'Höll ' so it was quite obvious for us to call us this 'Highway to Höll ' , '' Pupp told Cyclingnews of the climb and his plans for the Worlds .
`` It would be a big pleasure for us if Angus Young and his guys move to Innsbruck and give a free unplugged concert at the top of the climb and play Highway to Hell . Maybe they can also play all the major songs as well . I think it will be iconic .
`` The climb starts downtown in Innsbruck and you have to cross a very lovely bridge over the main river then the climb starts . You have also a very narrow , steep road of around 12 per cent so you need a good position , then the 'Highway to Höll ' begins . There is one section of 25 per cent for 300 metres and it is very narrow . I am sure that more or less the final decision of the race will be made there .
`` My goal is that the 'Highway to Höll ' becomes an iconic climb like the Koppenberg or Muur de Geraardsbergen . ''
Although the Tour of the Alps will visit Innsbruck , with the final stage of the April race to finish there , the 'Highway to Höll ' wo n't feature .
Formerly known as the Giro del Trentino , there is a strong Austrian feel to the Tour of the Alps , with the race showcasing the regions of Tyrol , Südtirol and Trentino . Professional cycling in Austria also includes the national tour in July , the one-day PRO Ötztaler 5500 and , in the future , bids will be made for Giro d'Italia stages . The 'Highway to Höll ' could therefore be included in such events , adding to its prestige .
Initially , the plan was for a Tour de France Grand Départ but in discussions with race organiser ASO , Pupp explained it became clear the mid-2020s was the next open slot - too far into the future for Pupp to consider given that the project started to come together earlier in the decade . Instead , the Worlds became the focus and , with the UCI looking to host a climbing-friendly event , Tyrol emerged as a popular choice .
`` From 2012 on , we started this project with negotiations with the UCI . We had this guy who was in charge of the 2006 Worlds and we put a lot of pressure on the responsible groups in our country - government , tourism - to persuade them that this would be the perfect event to promote our cycling target , '' Pupp explained .
`` For the UCI , it was not difficult to give us the open window because they were thinking of a very tough and hard World Championships to give the climbers a chance to win the rainbow jersey . For this , we have the perfect profile for a very tough World Championships . ''
With his Tirol squad , Pupp explained that `` the team is in a big ambassadorial role to promote Tyrol cycling when we travel and race '' . Having witnessed the successful Bergen Worlds in September , widely considered one of the better editions of the event , Pupp believes next year Austria will again raise the bar .
`` I agree Bergen was a very nice World Championships with a very nice atmosphere , like most of the sporting events in the Scandinavian countries , '' he said . `` I think the advantage of Innsbruck is that we are situated in the middle of Europe . Bergen did n't have a lot of tourism outside of Norway so most of the audience came from Norway . We expect a lot of Italians , German , Swiss , French , Belgians , Dutch… these are the target markets of Tyrol . ''
With tourism a key economic driver for the Tyrol region , Pupp adds that he does n't believe Innsbruck will be left with a hefty bill like Bergen .
`` I think we are in a much better position to have a good return on this investment , '' he said . `` We have a very small budget . It is smaller than Bergen but we are very positive that we will have a very good return on tourism and cycling in our region . ''
CLOSE Here 's what makes Kevin Durant so special , according to some of USA TODAY Sports ' NBA experts .
Durant averaged 32 points , 5.5 assists and 7.4 rebounds in 2013-14 . ( Photo : Mark D. Smith , USA TODAY Sports )
Oklahoma City Thunder star Kevin Durant , as expected , is the NBA 's 2013-14 MVP .
The NBA announced the results on Tuesday , with Durant capturing 119 of 125 first-place votes ( and 1,232 voting points ) after this season in which he won the league 's scoring title for the fourth time in five seasons ( 32 points per game ) while doing so much more than scoring .
Durant did it all in his seventh season , having his best year yet as a playmaker ( a career-high 5.5 assists per game ) and improving like never before on the defensive end as well ( the Thunder were fifth in defensive rating , allowing 101 points per 100 possessions ) . Despite the extended absence of co-star and point guard Russell Westbrook due to a knee injury , and with Durant carrying a heavier load than ever for months at a time , the Thunder finished second in the Western Conference at 59-23 .
SPEECH : Durant 's moving speech grounded in OKC
FTW : Watch Durant 's powerful speech
Durant 's MVP win ends the reign of Miami Heat star LeBron James , who had won the award in each of the last two seasons and in four of the last five and finished second ( 891 points ) . Had James won this season , it would have been the first time in league history that a player won five times in the span of six seasons and would have made him won of four players to win the award at least five times ( joining Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Michael Jordan , Bill Russell ) .
`` It 's great , '' James said . `` Every night you know you stack up against the best and you want to see what you can no matter if you 're playing against him or not .
`` KD 's had one hell of a year , both offensively , the streak he was one with the 25-plus , 30-plus and all across the board . … Kudos to him , much respect to him and he deserves it . He had a big-time MVP season . ''
James finished second in the voting , receiving six first-place votes . Los Angeles Clippers forward Blake Griffin finished third in the MVP voting ( 434 points ) , while Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah finished fourth ( 322 points ) and Houston Rockets shooting guard James Harden fifth ( 85 points ) .
PHOTOS : Kevin Durant through the years
In front of the detention center where Chung Yoo-ra is held on Jan. 13 , a candlelight rally is held demanding her repatriation . About 20 overseas Koreans and locals exclaim , “ Yoo-ra , let 's go back to Korea ! ” [ LEE HYUN ]
AALBORG , Denmark - As soon as the immigration officer at Aalborg Airport in Denmark heard I was a reporter from South Korea , he said , “ Oh yeah ! You 're here because of that Korean woman , right ? ” I was n't sure whether to feel relieved or ashamed . This was how I came to meet Chung Yoo-ra , the 21-year-old daughter of Choi Soon-sil , the individual at the center of the national influence-peddling scandal in Korea . After word on her arrest on Jan. 1 in Aalborg spread , Korean reporters flowed to Denmark in a steady stream.With a cold front over Europe , the damp sea air of Aalborg was unusually chilly . The city was in commotion in the morning with the cacophony of cars passing by on the snowy roads . The local media were reporting on “ Yoora Chung. ” Police warned reporters , “ If you enter the building , we 'll haul you in. ” The Aalborg detention center 's entrance was obscured , but one could just follow the stream of Korean reporters holding mics and cameras . There were more Korean reporters than the 20 overseas Korean residents of Aalborg.Difficult as it was to meet Chung and her associates , Denmark 's winter was worse . Hearing the nickname “ the Northern European Paris , ” one special correspondent of Paris bluntly said , “ I firmly believe Paris is far better. ” An overseas Korean resident said , “ For a spendthrift such as Chung Yoo-ra , it would definitely have been difficult to enjoy her time [ in Aalborg ] . ” The Denmark public prosecutor 's office and the extradition taskforce overseeing the issue of Chung 's repatriation were based in Copenhagen , a commute of four hours and 30 minutes by train or an hour by plane from Aalborg . “ Before the end of the detention limit on Jan. 30 , the decision on South Korea 's extradition request will be concluded , ” said Mohammad Ahsan , deputy director of Denmark 's office of the Director of Public Prosecutions.In extradition law , those who face capital punishment , life imprisonment or a minimum of one year imprisonment will be repatriated or the foreign country can file a request for extradition . If the Danish prosecution sentences Chung to at least one year of imprisonment for her deeds in Korea and Germany , then based on Danish law , Chung will meet the requirements for mandatory repatriation.There are three criminal charges against Chung : her unjust admission to Ewha Woman 's University and receipt of special treatment in her classes , obtaining a horse from Samsung by unethical channels and collaborating with Choi Soon-sil , her mother , in a money-laundering scheme through a German front company.On the way to the Danish Court of Justices , Chung met with reporters and defended herself . In regards to the charge of preferential treatment , she said , “ My mother did everything as she wanted. ” Getting in touch with Chung 's attorney was n't easy . Visiting Chung was prohibited and her attorney was the sole person with the privilege to contact Chung . On Jan. 2 , her attorney , Jan Schneider , attended the inquest for the extension of detention at the district court in Aalborg . Initially , Chung was said to have made use of a public defender , but the criminal defense attorney belongs to Denmark 's third or fourth ranked law firm TVC . However , Schneider resigned shortly after and Peter Martin Brinkenberg , who had worked previously in economic affairs in Copenhagen , became Chung 's attorney.Citing Schneider 's difficulty in traveling to Aalborg , Brinkenberg was temporarily hired in Schneider 's stead . Brinkenberg cost at least 500,000 won ( $ 429 ) per hour and the legal fees resulting from the inquiry , investigation of the case and the drawing up of documents were expected to total tens of millions of won. “ I was given direction not to say anything to the press , ” Brinkenberg said . “ If the situation changes , I will get in touch. ” Staff at the legal office at Copenhagen also said , “ We will not speak with reporters , ” and quickly shut the door.But Choi 's attorney , Lee Kyung-jae , said , “ I have advised [ Chung ] to voluntarily return home. ” On Jan. 13 , there were about 20 overseas Koreans , from places such as Copenhagen , London , and Sweden , gathered with locals carrying candles in front of the detention center in Aalborg . Like the weekly Saturday rallies held in Gwanghwamun square in Seoul , they were picketing , saying , “ Yoo-ra , let 's go back to South Korea ” and “ Instead of pizza , eat some [ Korean food ] . ” At the Aalborg detention center one has the luxury to order in pizza . The individual to first propose a candlelight vigil was an overseas Korean residing in Sweden named Lim Ji-hye. “ Compared to Northern Europe , ” she said , “ our country is still at a stage where we do not have democracy . I think that this is something we must experience as democratic growing pains. ” “ As long as I can be together with my child , ” Chung said after being detained , “ I will immediately return. ” But this was a factor the Danish prosecution could not consider . Meeting Ahsan on Jan. 7 , the prosecutor said , “ Whether there 's a child or not is irrelevant to the decision. ” “ We do not have an obligation to tell you anything , ” said Simon Gosby , public information officer for the prosecution , when asked about the investigation . “ This incident is something Korea will have to resolve , ” said one local Dane . “ Denmark should not intervene . It 's better if Chung is repatriated as soon as possible. ” Aalborg 's Nordjullands police department was given instructions by the prosecution , met with Chung , confirmed the request for repatriation and heard her statements . It is expected the Danish prosecution will decide by the end of the month.BY LEE HYUN [ hwang.hosub @ joongang.co.kr ]
Atlanta ( CNN ) Nearly 11 hours after a power outage paralyzed the world 's busiest airport , Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International got its electricity back late Sunday night .
The lights flickered on shortly before midnight , after an exhausting day for travelers , that had left thousands stranded in dark terminals and on planes sitting on the tarmac . A ground stop in Atlanta disrupted air travel across the United States and led to cancellations of more than 1,000 flights in and out of the airport .
Shortly after power came back , some passengers lined up at security screening , hoping to beat the crowds as the TSA checkpoints re-opened at 3:30 a.m . The airport could see a logjam of passengers and delays as more than 400 flights have been canceled Monday .
The outage , which affected all airport operations , started with a fire in a Georgia Power underground electrical facility , Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed said . The electrical fire 's intensity damaged two substations serving the airport , including the airport 's `` redundant system '' that should have provided backup power , Reed said .
Atlanta is the heart of the US air transport system , and the disruption led to 1,180 flight cancellations to and from the airport Sunday , according to flight tracking service FlightAware .
A traveler sleeps on a baggage carousel at Hartfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport on Sunday .
Delta , which has its largest hub in Atlanta , canceled 300 flights Monday , most of which are morning , inbound flights to Hartsfield-Jackson . Delta tweeted that it expects flight schedules `` to return to normal by Monday afternoon . ''
But weather could complicate matters in the morning as a dense fog advisory is in effect .
Sunday 's standstill at the airport ripples beyond Atlanta , said Desmond Ross , principal of DRA Professional Aviation Services .
`` There are a lot of other issues downstream to all other airports , where flights should be arriving and departing , connecting to Atlanta , that are going to be disrupted as well . So we 're talking possibly millions of people disrupted over the next few days and it is certainly not going to be fixed in one day , '' he said .
Cause of fire unknown
Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson Airport : By the numbers Hartsfield-Jackson has been the world 's busiest airport since 1998
An average of 275,000 passengers pass through each day
Airport handles 2,500 arrivals and departures daily , on average
Hartsfield-Jackson airport serves 150 destinations in the US , and over 75 destinations in 50 countries worldwide
Home to North America 's tallest air traffic control tower ( 398 feet ; 121 meters ) -- it 's also the world 's fourth highest
Georgia 's largest employer , with more than 63,000 employees
At 12:38 p.m. , Georgia Power noticed outages in the system that were traced to a fire in underground tunnels where the airport 's electric system lives , spokeswoman Bentina Terry said . The fire caused multiple faults that led to the full blackout at 1:06 p.m .
The fire 's intensity prevented Georgia Power crews from immediately being able to access the tunnels and work on restoring power , Reed added . By 3:30 p.m. , fire crews were able to contain the fire and started to work on restoring power . The cause of the fire has yet to be determined , but nothing suggests it was set deliberately , he said .
`` We certainly understand that the outage has caused frustration and anger and we are doing everything that we can to get folks back home right away , '' Reed said at a Sunday night news conference .
Georgia Power said in a statement that its equipment -- a piece of switchgear -- which was in an underground electrical facility , could have failed and started a fire . The incident is still being evaluated , according to the utility .
The blackout led the Federal Aviation Administration to declare a ground stop at the airport , preventing Atlanta-bound flights in other airports from taking off and causing inbound flights to be diverted .
Inside the airport , the outage cut power in the terminals , leaving passengers stranded in the dark as they stood in line at gates and security checkpoints . An estimated 30,000 people were affected by the power outage , Reed said .
Passengers make their way through Hartfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport after the lights went out at the airport .
People used flashlights on their phones to see where they were going , said passenger Heather Kerwin , an Atlanta resident bound for New York .
`` There were a few emergency lights on , but it was really dark -- felt totally apocalyptic , '' she said . `` I decided to get the hell out of there . ''
Some passengers told CNN that airport and airline staff offered no updates as hours passed , leaving people scanning their phones and tablets for information . Stores stopped serving food and passengers were evacuated to alleviate crowding .
The city of Atlanta opened the Georgia International Convention Center and offered shuttle services there for stranded passengers who needed a place to stay for the night , according to the city 's verified Twitter account . Chick-fil-A supplied food to passengers , although the chain is closed on Sundays .
LIGHTS ON and delivering food and water to our passengers ! Thank you @ dancathy with @ ChickfilA for opening on a SUNDAY ! # ChristmasMiracle pic.twitter.com/0PlSxHIWj5 — Atlanta Airport ( @ ATLairport ) December 18 , 2017
Trapped for hours
The outage left passengers sitting in planes on the tarmac for hours .
Jodi Green 's Delta flight from the Bahamas landed at 1:15 p.m . ET Sunday . Seven hours later , she was still on the plane . Green said the pilot told passengers that other flights that had run out of fuel were evacuated before theirs . Despite the circumstances , she said , order prevailed .
`` People are calm , laughing , joking , '' she said . `` I 'm amazed I 've been able to sit here and not lose my mind . ''
CNN 's Betsy Klein spent nearly seven hours in a plane on the tarmac , waiting to move . At one point , the crew said 92 planes were stuck on the tarmac , Klein said . People maintained composure as food and drinks ran out , but by hour seven , patience was wearing thin .
I ca n't overemphasize how exceedingly patient my fellow passengers have been - esp the young ones . And crew/pilot have been GREAT . But we have also all now been on this full @ Delta plane since we boarded at 11:45 am and there has n't been food or water since late afternoon . — Betsy Klein ( @ betsy_klein ) December 18 , 2017
When she finally deplaned around 9 p.m. it was sweltering inside the airport , she said . It was unclear who was in charge and people were lying on the floor and on baggage claim belts .
The ground stop led Southwest Airlines to cancel all operations in and out of Atlanta for the rest of the day , spokesman Brian Parrish said . United and American Airlines also suspended operations to and from Atlanta for the rest of Sunday .
Delta , which has its headquarters in Atlanta , canceled more than 900 flights Sunday . The airline urged passengers scheduled to fly on Monday to check their flights .
Passengers wait in a dark terminal at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport .
Correction : A previous version of this story misstated when the FAA grounded flights at Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport . Flights were grounded shortly after the airport lost electricity at 1 p.m . ET .
After complaints from historic preservationists , the city of Houston is considering whether to ask that Texas Department of Transportation contractors halt work on Mecom Fountain .
The fountain , at the center of the roundabout where Main meets Montrose , is the rare , hard-edged modernist artwork that inspires love : Since 1964 , brides and quince girls have braved traffic to use it as a portrait backdrop . It 's eligible for the National Historic Register . And in December , then-Mayor Annise Parker signed paperwork to nominate the fountain as a city protected landmark , giving it the highest possible level of protection .
The fountain 's nomination for historic status means that the Houston Archaeological and Historical Commission would have to sign off on any proposed changes to the fountain . So last week , architectural historian Anna Mod , a commission member , was dumbfounded to spot workers drilling holes to apply slabs of limestone to the fountain 's base — the low cast-concrete wall that holds back the water that spills from its three concrete bowls .
It turns out , the limestone had been in the works for nearly seven years — long before anyone had planned to name Mecom Fountain a landmark , and an eternity in a city that only began protecting landmarks in 2005 . The project had been approved by all the required government entities before the City of Houston historic protection kicked in .
THE CHANGES TO MECOM Fountain are part of Hermann Park 's long-delayed Grand Gateway project . The latest in a series of much-praised park upgrades , the $ 4 million package of streetscape improvements is intended to improve pedestrian safety and to restore a sense of drama as one enters the park . In 2013 , its designer , Houston landscape architect Kevin Shanley , compared the Grand Gateway to `` the knocker on the front door of a wonderful huge house , a house of many rooms and so many things to do . ''
As part of that plan , the project would change the base of Mecom Fountain , cladding the low wall 's base with limestone in a way that its designer , architect Eugene Werlin , did n't intend . And atop the low wall , the renovation would add a `` bull-nosed cap '' — a top something like a kitchen countertop with a rounded edge that would jut out over the wall .
That 's not acceptable , say fans of modern architecture . The fountain was meant to have crisp modern edges , and was built with concrete , a material celebrated by mid-century architects . It 's wrong to make the fountain look as though it belongs to the modern era , they say .
`` 'Suburban mall ' is one of the complaints I 've heard , '' says Margaret Wallace , the city 's deputy director of planning .
`` Obviously , we 're concerned , '' says Steve Curry , president of Houston Mod .
`` This alteration is overly decorative for the refined design of the fountain , '' Maverick Welsh , chairman of the city 's historical commission , wrote Tuesday in a letter to the mayor and planning director . `` In addition , it will change the sight lines for the beautiful water pools . ''
IN THE original Hermann Park design , from 1915 , the fountain 's site was a sunken garden , the beginning of a grand entrance to the park . But with the addition of slanting Fannin Street , the garden was cut off . And legend has it that cars frequently tumbled into the sunken garden .
In 1962 , oilman John Mecom bought the hotel next to the garden . The Warwick ( now Hotel Zaza ) was already the playground of millionaires , but Mecom and his wife , Mary Elizabeth , proceeded to make it an even grander symbol of Texas excess : They filled it with paneling and furniture stripped from European palaces .
As part of that upgrade , the Mecoms donated $ 100,000 to redo the site of the sunken garden . For the center of the traffic roundabout , architect Eugene Werlin designed the fountain : three circular bowls set inside a low oval wall . The three bowls lined up with Main Street , on which the hotel was located — and was set at roughly a 30-degree tilt from Montrose Blvd. , and the traditional entryway to the park .
In 1964 , the Mecoms donated the fountain to the city of Houston . Soon after , Werlin designed an even more significant project for Hermann Park : Miller Outdoor Theater , whose swooping roof is a favorite of Houston architecture fans .
BECAUSE THE Grand Gateway project uses funds from the Texas Department of Transportation , the Texas Historical Commission was required to approve it . But the application is vague about the fountain , and Commissioner Linda Henderson says that if she 'd realized the project included the fountain itself , not just the area around it , she 'd have requested more information .
Now , the historic commission has asked that TxDOT halt its contractors . And it 's not clear whether the city of Houston , whose Parks Department is leading the project , will follow suit .
`` The city is still determining the best course of action for this project , '' Pat Walsh , director of Houston 's Planning and Development Department , emailed Wednesday morning .
`` There are no villains , '' says Doreen Stoller , executive director of Friends of Hermann Park . `` TxDOT followed the letter of the law . Joe Turner ( head of the Houston Parks Department ) is trying to do the right thing . I really think everybody 's on the same side . We all want preservation . ''
She pauses : `` You know , it 's exciting that people care . ''
Thank you , you incredibly thoughtful and lovely Santa ! You have clearly put so much time and thought into these gifts - what a collection ! I skyped with friends who were still at work while I opened them and we all absolutely delighted in them . We even managed to solve the puzzle over Skype !
My Santa ran with the theme of tramping ( hiking for all you Northern folk ) and gave me a great kit for planning , enjoying and remembering my tramps - each gift individually wrapped , with it 's own card letting me know what it 's for . They also , very wonderfully , made a donation to the SPCA on my behalf , as I love animals . This is absolutely tops , thank you so much Santa .
My wonderful gifts are : - a gorgeous tramping calendar to help me plan tramps - delicious snacks for en route -a puzzle to keep me entertained in the huts at night - and a crafty scrapbooky kit for making a fold out album of my adventures >
Santa , may you have a wonderful Christmas and 2017 , and may the warmth you spread come back to you in spades . XXX
The Edmonton Police Service will review the findings of a research paper investigating four years of sexual assault data to see how it could shape future investigations .
Author Sandy Jung , an associate professor of psychology at MacEwan University , shared her findings Thursday with police and the Edmonton Police Commission , outlining characteristics of sexual assault cases in Edmonton .
Her paper also looked to see if existing sexual violence risk assessment measures could be used to “ predict further violent and sexual offending , specifically future criminal charges and convictions . ”
Jung 's research concluded that “ the use of risk assessment may be helpful by allocating more resources to higher risk perpetrators and therefore reduce further perpetration of sexual violence . ”
Following her presentation , Jung said using an “ empirically validated ” method to help identify , monitor and shape things such as bail conditions to prevent further sexual assaults was crucial .
“ I think that 's more pertinent because then we are preventing them from entering the community and committing a further assault , ” she said .
Jung 's report whittled 2,569 occurrences of sexual assaults against victims aged 16 and older between 2010 and 2014 to 865 distinct cases where a perpetrator could be identified . Jung also used a randomly selected sample of 300 cases to further examine offence , perpetrator and victim characteristics .
Here are some of the key numbers from the research :
93.3 %
of offences were committed by males against females . The average age of female victims was 28 .
52.4 %
of female victims were white and another 30.7 per cent of female victims were aboriginal .
26.5 %
of cases were white perpetrators assaulting white victims . Just under 14 per cent of cases is aboriginal perpetrators assaulting aboriginal victims . A small proportion of cases involved white perpetrators versus aboriginal victims , and vice versa , at 8.8 per cent and 10.9 per cent , respectively .
81.6 %
of sampled cases did not involve any witnesses .
28.1 %
Edmonton Police Service clearance rate of sexual assault investigations between 2010 and 2014 .
90 %
of cases reported to police within two weeks of occurrence .
86 %
of cases involved victims reporting offence directly to the police .
32.3 %
of reported cases occurred in the victim 's residence ( the national average is seven per cent ) .
28.7 %
of the cases occurred in a public setting .
27 %
of victims were unconscious at the time of sexual assault , i.e. , they were either asleep or passed out .
42 %
of cases were committed by non-familial acquaintances , with another 16 per cent were committed by current or past dating or cohabiting intimate partners . Just over 37 per cent of cases is committed by strangers . Less than five per cent of studied cases were committed by family members .
27 %
of cases involved non-sexual violence . Weapons were used in three per cent of Edmonton sexual assaults , which is in line with national figures .
21 %
of identified perpetrators had prior convictions for criminal behaviour .
ROSEVILLE , Calif. ( CBS13 ) — Roseville will be home to a professional cuddler who insists her hugs are good for your health .
Cuddle Connection will open on Wednesday and has five different cuddle zones . Owner Kelly Peterson says she wants her clients to feel like they 've spent a day at the spa .
“ We want to change the way people think about touch , ” she said .
Peterson believes in the power of human touch so much that she 's making a living by selling snuggles .
Cuddle Connection at 151 North Sunrise Ave. is the first business of its kind in the area . It 's one of a few , Peterson says , offering cuddles in a retail space instead of a home .
She says cuddling means connecting with another human being , and that is what people are paying for when they go here .
“ A cuddle is like a prolonged hug , ” she said .
Faviola Rodriguez is one of Kelly 's professional cuddlers who believe hugs are healing .
“ I think first and foremost , people are going to walk away with a better feeling of themselves , ” she said .
But other so-called professional cuddlers in other states have experienced criticism . A Wisconsin snuggle business shut down after city leaders suspected snuggling could lead to sex .
But Peterson says her business is strictly nonsexual . Every cuddle zone is open and visible and will have cameras .
She says she 's thought of every scenario , even if a man seems to really enjoy his cuddling .
“ Let them know it 's OK , if they get embarrassed it happens , ” she said . “ Let 's readjust , let 's take the focus off of that . ”
Snuggling , hand-holding , embracing , who knows ? Cuddling with a stranger could do a body good .
Customers can pick their own cuddler and their cuddle room .
A half-hour session costs $ 29 and $ 49 for an hour-long session .
And yes , you can talk during the session .
Following our story , Good Day Sacramento reporter Cambi Brown went to the business to try it out for herself .
Cambi demonstrated some of the positions available on the cuddling menu in the following photos .
`` Little Spoon '' CW31
`` Big Spoon '' CW31
`` Half Spoon '' CW31
`` Girlfriend '' CW31
`` Hug You Into Happiness '' CW31
More offbeat news
America 's Shadow : The Real Secret of Donald J. Trump
By Deepak Chopra , MD
There 's a powerful way to explain the rise of Donald Trump that most commentators have missed entirely or undervalued . The standard line describes Trump as a bizarre anomaly . Beginning as an improbable celebrity candidate , he has defied all the conventional rules of politics , which should have been fatal . Instead Trump has swept all before him on the Republican side . Possessing a `` genius '' for grabbing the limelight , he continues to dominate the scene in ways no previous politician ever has in modern times -- so the conventional view goes .
But in reality Trump is n't bizarre or anomalous . He stands for something universal , something right before our eyes . It 's an aspect of the human psyche that we feel embarrassed and ashamed of , which makes it our collective secret . Going back a century in the field of depth psychology , the secret side of human nature acquired a special name : the shadow .
The shadow compounds all the dark impulses -- hatred , aggression , sadism , selfishness , jealousy , resentment , sexual transgression -- that are hidden out of sight . The name originated with Carl Jung , but its basic origin came from Freud 's insight that our psyches are dualistic , sharply divided between the conscious and unconscious . The rise of civilization is a tribute to how well we obey our conscious mind and suppress our unconscious side . But what hides in the shadows will out .
When it does , societies that look well-ordered and rational , fair and just , cultured and refined , suddenly erupt in horrible displays of everything they are not about : violence , prejudice , chaos , and ungovernable irrationality . In fact , the tragic irony is that the worst eruptions of the shadow occur in societies that on the surface have the least to worry about . This explains why all of Europe , at the height of settled , civilized behavior , threw itself into the inferno of World War I .
If Trump is the latest expression of the shadow , he is n't a bizarre anomaly , which would be true if normal , rational values are your only standard of measure . Turn the coin over , making the unconscious your standard of measure , and he is absolutely typical . When the shadow breaks out , what 's wrong is right . Being transgressive feels like a relief , because suddenly the collective psyche can gambol in forbidden fields . When Trump indulges in rampant bad behavior and at the same time says to his riotous audiences , `` This is fun , is n't it ? '' he 's expressing in public our ashamed impulse to stop obeying the rules .
But the fun of world War I , which almost gleefully sent young men off to fight , quickly turned to horror , and the shadow closed an insidious trap . Once released , it is very hard to force the shadow back into its underground bunker . The Republican party has kept the shadow on a slow simmer for decades , ever since Nixon discovered how to make hay form Southern racism , law-and-order aggression against minorities , and us-versus-them attitudes to the Vietnam anti-war movement . In order to make themselves feel unashamed , the good people on the right found figureheads after Nixon who exuded respectability . The irony is that as with civilized societies that seem the least likely to allow the shadow to run free , the more benign a Reagan or Bush acted , the stronger the shadow became behind the facade .
Trump has stripped away the facade , intoxicated by the `` fun '' of letting his demons run and discovering to his surprise ( much as Nixon did ) that millions of people roared with approval . Yet by comparison , Nixon retained relative control over the forces he unleashed , while Trump may be riding a tiger -- that part of the story has yet to play itself out .
If the shadow refuses to go back underground , which is always the case , what outcomes can we anticipate over the next six months ? The present situation finds us trapped between denial and disaster . Denial is when you ignore the shadow ; disaster is when you totally surrender to it . Without being at either extreme , right now many Americans feel the unsettling symptom of being out of control . Trump glorifies being out of control , and until this outbreak runs its course -- which no one can predict -- he will remain immune to all the normal constraints .
What to do in the meantime ? A few things come to mind .
1 . See Trumpism for what it is , a confrontation with the shadow .
2 . Instead of demonizing him , acknowledge that the shadow is in everyone and always has been .
3 . At the same time , realize that the shadow never wins in the end .
4 . Find every opening to reinforce the value of returning to right and reason in your own life .
5 . Do n't fight the shadow with the shadow , which means not stooping to play by Trump 's nihilistic rules -- he will always be willing to go lower than you are willing to go .
America has been fortunate in our ability to let off steam and recognize that we have demons . In the Great Depression bank robbers became folk heroes , but nobody suggested electing Bonnie and Clyde president . The rational constraints that allow for human evolution have been successful for millennia , as the higher brain became dominant over the lower brain . That dominance still holds good , no matter how close we flirt with the primitive areas of the mind . Trump represents something authentic in human nature , and in troubled times he 's the bad boy who becomes a folk hero . No one can predict if his Wrong=Right stance will carry him to the White House . The contest with our own shadow is n't over yet .
Deepak Chopra MD , FACP , founder of The Chopra Foundation and co-founder of The Chopra Center for Wellbeing , is a world-renowned pioneer in integrative medicine and personal transformation , and is Board Certified in Internal Medicine , Endocrinology and Metabolism . He is a Fellow of the American College of Physicians and a member of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists . Chopra is the author of more than 80 books translated into over 43 languages , including numerous New York Times bestsellers . His latest books are Super Genes co-authored with Rudolph Tanzi , PhD and Quantum Healing ( Revised and Updated ) : Exploring the Frontiers of Mind/Body Medicine . www.deepakchopra.com
A drunken elk became lodged in an apple tree during a desperate search for one more mouthful of fermenting apples , in Western Sweden .
Per Johansson of Saro , south of Gothenberg , returned home from work on Tuesday and reportedly heard a bellowing noise . He discovered the inebriated animal clambering in his neighbor 's yard .
I thought at first that someone was having a laugh . Then , I went over to take a look and spotted an elk stuck in an apple tree with only one leg left on the ground , Johansson told newspaper The Local .
I thought it looked pretty bad , so I called the police who sent out an on-call hunter . But while we were waiting , the neighbors and I started to saw down some of the branches , and then the hunter arrived with a saw as well , Johansson said .
The group 's attempts proved fruitless , and it was not until the fire brigade arrived on the scene that the elk was able to slide out of the branches to freedom .
Authorities believe that the elk likely stumbled into the apple tree in an attempt to reach even higher for the delicious but intoxicating fruit .
According to Johansson , the elk may have been on a bit of a bender .
My neighbor recognized it as the animal that almost ran into her car earlier in the day . She was pretty sure the elk was already under the influence , he said .
The elk reportedly passed out in the grass by the apple tree after the incident and toddled away the following morning .
Drunken elk are reportedly quite common in Sweden during the autumn season , when there are a plethora of fermenting apples lying about in Swedish gardens .
In 2007 , a Swedish elk drowned in Stockholm after getting drunk on apples and falling through the ice of a frozen inlet .
House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes ( R-CA ) on Tuesday afternoon said that he has not seen any evidence to support President Donald Trump 's unsubstantiated claim over the weekend that President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower .
“ I have not seen that evidence , ” Nunes told reporters , according to Reuters . “ I think the bigger question that needs to be answered is whether or not Mr. Trump or any of his associates were in fact targeted by any of the intelligence agencies or law enforcement authorities . ”
He previously said that his committee would look into Trump 's claims after the President called on Congress to do so .
The congressman said that the committee should have been briefed on any such activity .
“ We are supposed to be kept up to speed on any pertinent counterintelligence investigation , ” Nunes said , per Reuters . “ If Trump or any other political campaign , or anybody associated with Trump , was under some type of investigation , that clearly should have risen to the Gang of Eight level . ”
Asked if he believes Trump 's claim , Nunes suggested that reporters not take Trump 's comments literally .
“ A lot of the things he says , you guys take literally , ” he said , according to CNN .
Senate Intelligence Committee Chair Richard Burr ( R-NC ) also said that he had not seen evidence and suggested that his committee may hold off on probing the matter until evidence presents itself .
“ We 're going to go anywhere there is intelligence or facts that send us , ” he told CNN . “ So I 'm not going to limit it one way or the other . But we do n't have anything today that would send us in that direction , but that 's not to say that we might not find something . ”
A Reddit “ Ask Me Anything ” featuring an unfiltered Trump had all the hallmarks to make an endlessly entertaining read , but an increase in “ security measures ” and censorship turned the chat into anything but .
READ MORE : Trump to hold ‘ Ask Me Anything ' session with supporters on Reddit
Even before it kicked off , a Reddit moderator warned users that the session would be a little different/boring in order to discourage “ troublemakers , ” defeating the entire purpose of an AMA .
The Donald Trump Reddit , bastion of fighting political correctness , is a literal safe space . Ca n't make it up . pic.twitter.com/gwmuV85oyx — Justin Green ( @ JGreenDC ) July 27 , 2016
“ For this AMA we have temporarily taken extra security measures to keep our community free from troublemakers . We built the wall 10 ft taller , you might say , ” well at least they have n't lost all sense of humor .
Trump 's AMA is not like most AMAs . Pro-Trump mods are screening q 's , only allowing established supporters to participate . — Benjy Sarlin ( @ BenjySarlin ) July 27 , 2016
Participants were warned that comments would only be accepted from established users and any comments from accounts less than 30 days old would be automatically deleted .
So on Wednesday night , the presidential candidate signed in during his flight to Ohio to answer about 12 burning questions like ; “ Are you getting tired of winning ? ” FYI , his answer was unsurprisingly : “ I am never tired of winning , and as your president I will win for you , the American people . ”
I asked Trump why he wo n't release his tax returns if he 's rich and does n't have ties to the Russians . Reddit deleted it within 15 minutes . — Olivia Nuzzi ( @ Olivianuzzi ) July 27 , 2016
READ MORE : MSM warns Americans against Russia 's 'hacking attack ' following Trump ‘ invitation '
There were some reasonable and sound queries , however , like : “ Mr . Trump . What is your plan for reducing or removing the influence of money in politics ? , '' to which Trump actually replied : “ Keeping crooked Hillary Clinton out of the White House ! ”
Trump continues to give enlightened , substantial answers with lots of specifics pic.twitter.com/9oQM6P0btl — Jason Koebler ( @ jason_koebler ) July 27 , 2016
In-between the continuous string of memes and “ lock her up ” posts , The Donald did manage to address some issues , like his love of NASA , his dislike for voter fraud , and the rising cost of education .
“ It 's a total disaster ! I will create millions of new jobs , reform our education system , and work to free young Americans from the awful burden of debt , ” he answered .
Trump is n't really answering any questions so far . In the past , celebs have been HAMMERED for answers like these pic.twitter.com/FseiquiF7R — Jason Koebler ( @ jason_koebler ) July 27 , 2016
Among other answers , Trump shared some changes he plans to put into place should he be elected president , like replacing “ disastrous Obamacare ” with an “ amazing new plan ” and reforming the H-1B system ( which can be viewed on his website ) .
I feel Trump missed an opportunity to really drive home some of his policies with his AMA . He was undeniably vague . — William Wallace ( @ globalistcucks ) July 28 , 2016
Overall , Trump 's few answers were deemed short and “ vague ” and failed to impress those who had logged in for a fresh insight into “ The Donald . ”
In February 2017 , the web site The Last Line of Defense published an article reporting that Michelle and Barack Obama had filed for divorce in Illinois :
Late last week , a rumor began circulating in Washington social circles that there was trouble in paradise for Barack and Michelle Obama . While there was no confirmation , it was being tossed around that it was Barack looking to dump Michelle . This morning , a filing in the District Court of Cook County , Illinois confirmed that the couple is seeking divorce and that Barack is , in fact , the plaintiff . According to county docket D4610968L86 , Barack Hussein Obama seeks dissolution of marriage from Michelle Obama on grounds of infidelity and irreconcilable differences . The infidelity , according to the Obama 's longtime housekeeper , Analita Consuelo Gonsales , is n't recent but rather the revelation through a recent DNA test that Obama is n't the biological father of Sasha or Malia .
We searched the Cook County database for docket D4610968L86 and came up empty-handed , and this story was reported nowhere but on the The Last Line of Defense web site , even though it would have been covered by multiple news outlets around the world were there anything to it .
Of course there was no truth in this article , which originated with The Last Line of Defense , a humor site that carries a disclaimer stating that all of its content should be considered satirical :
The Resistance may include information from sources that may or may not be reliable and facts that do n't necessarily exist . All articles should be considered satirical and any and all quotes attributed to actual people complete and total baloney . Pictures that represent actual people should be considered altered and not in any way real .
This spoof article was full of outlandish , baseless , and unbelievable aspects that all hinted at the article 's satirical nature . For instance , The Last Line of Defense asserted a DNA test proved that Barack Obama was n't the biological father of Sasha and Malia , that the Obama children were the product of genetic engineering , that Malia was a talented dulcimer musicians ( but her talents were being kept secret ) , that Michelle Obama had announced a 2020 presidential bid , and that Sasha made millions of dollars playing Texas Hold ‘ Em poker .
According to a tweet Barack sent on Valentine 's Day , the former First Couple were still happily married after 28 years :
Hello , my name is Dirk and I 'm a TAS sufferer . It 's been 1 hour and 37 minutes since my last delivery !
When I first joined the Kayak Fishing Forum a few years ago , I did not know what those guys were talking about when they mentioned TAS , but I could see it had something to do with buying gear .
Turns out it stands for Tackle Acquisition Syndrome and I have it . It 's the manly alternative to retail therapy and at least for us kayak fishermen , it seems to be closely aligned to the weather . The worse the weather , the more we buy .
This morning , for example , I got my latest delivery all the way from Amazon.com in the US .
The main reason for the purchase was the bottom-right two squid jigs . Well , not really… You see , I went online to buy a better drogue for my kayak , but then did n't feel like spending the $ 79 on the one I wanted . So I decided to keep the one I have at the moment and buy some other stuff instead . What did I need , oh yeah , smaller squid jigs . So I went online and found that those Yo Zuri ones had really good reviews , so I ordered them . Except that I already have ample of those 3.5″ squid jigs , my need was for smaller ones . Never mind . But now I 'm ordering from the US and shipping will cost a bit , so I better buy some extra stuff to justify the shipping costs .
But do n't worry , on Friday I 'm going to a local tackle shop to buy some small squid jigs ( and get some advice ) and I 'm sure I 'll get the better drogue soon .
And hey , the one supplier , Fisherman 's Source , threw in this little baby for free , SCORE !
This has all the classic symptoms of T.A.S .
You aim to buy one thing , then decide to save money by not buying it , but end up spending more money on something you do n't need . ( The drogue turning into squid jigs ) You ca n't find what you 're looking for , so buy more of what you already have ( large jigs instead of the smaller ones ) . You already have plans to buy the items you were planning to buy in steps 1 and 2 above . You buy more stuff to optimise the purchase . Get something for free , so convince yourself it 's in everyone 's best interest to support that shop and buy more from them .
And the final symptom , of course , is when you start selling stuff to support your TAS .
Billy Moyer , Scott Bloomquist , and the aforementioned Madden appear to be taking a break , from taking a break from tours in 2014 .
Moyer , the first `` King of DIRT ' , NDRL Champion in 2013 , though the series only ran five events in it 's maiden voyage , was the first to step forward with his declaration at the end of last season . The multi time World of Outlaw champion will attempt to repeat in 2014 over the course of the longer schedule this year . There 's no doubt he can do it too , and at the same time he 'll still be able to pick and choose races on weekends where it makes sense .
Chris Madden , winner of the inaugural TDN Driver of the Week award , has been hotter than sunburn to start the season , collecting 3 five figure paydays in the season 's first few weeks . We 're not going to calculate his winning percentage for you , but we would n't be surprised if it was around 60 % of all races he 's run so far . Madden had been running big shows in the mid and deep south for years , winning regional points championships and at the same time appearing in many of the crown jewel events at Eldora and other familiar places . But in 2014 he could conceivably find a home in the NDRL . We 're not sure at this time whether he 's made the decision to run the full series , but with a series point lead early on and two wins in the first four races , it would almost seem like an opportunity too good to pass up .
`` Well , that 's a big question that laying on me right now , we 'll just have to see how it goes , '' Madden said . `` They really put out a great schedule that seems to fit well for everybody and they 've got some great race cars following that deal ( NDRL ) . It could turn out to be a really good deal for everyone . It 's got to be as beneficial for us to come as much as it is for them to have us there . `` ﻿
For the fans , all three of these guys joining , or potentially joining the action will be a glorious occasion . It means that fans in part of the country that never got to enjoy seeing Madden race , or have n't seen Bloomquist or Moyer in a tour race in years will get that opportunity . And at the same time , those drivers can enjoy going to different tracks where they have n't been in years or ever . Learning things about their chassis and engine programs along the way and opening up more merchandising revenue will be a welcome thing for them in the coming season .
It 's a win-win for drivers and fans as far as we can see , and it 's helping to break up the monotony of one racing season after another . After 2014 , fans in many places will be able to trade stories of this year for years to come . `` Remember that one night Moyer , Bloomquist and Madden all came up here ? '' That 'll be the start of many bleacher story memories for years to come we 're betting , and it 's a good thing .
You can find Dave Seay 's interviews and many more well done pieces at DirtCast.Com
Ah , the true outlaws ! You know the ones . The guys that can pick off races left and right at their own choosing . The guys that run selective schedules , running where the big money is and carefully constructing plans to not let it bog down their finances travelling to tracks where the odds of winning versus the costs are more tilted in their favor.There 's a lot to be said for picking and choosing where to run and how often in this day and age . It 's the driver 's money on the line and sponsor obligations as well . And , if a driver elects to use their resources in a wise fashion , which includes the decision to not chase races 20 hours away for the standard $ 10,000 purse , more power too them.But , there 's also times when it makes sense to chase . When the dates are lower in number , more geographically friendly , and the purses are worth the while it can tempt drivers who had thought their days of running a series were for the most part over.For 2 and a half drivers , the NDRL made sense , and we 're hoping the 1/2 driver , Chris Madden in this case , makes the choice to jump in with both feet in the coming weeks , the choice was made easier via a series that made sense for them.Recently , DirtCast.Com 's David Seay caught up with him where he gave a hint to his thought 's on the matter.﻿Scott Bloomquist declared his intentions earlier on in March . The multi time World of Outlaw and Lucas Oil Series champion had put himself back in the true outlaw mode after dropping off said Lucas tour last season . In another Dave Seay interview , Bloomquist pointed to the convenience and flexibility of the tour 's schedule . `` After really looking at it , when I heard they had about 30 races and 14 tracks it just made sense , '' Bloomquist said . `` The travelling is going to be less . Putting in two shows at the same track is obviously a lot better for us , it 's a lot less expense . I think it 's a good program and with the way they 're doing it , they 're not trying to kill everybody . ''
The cross-continent coach swap is complete .
John Tortorella is the new head coach of the Vancouver Canucks , confirms Hockey Central insider John Shannon , and he will be formally introduced at a press conference Tuesday at 1 p.m. PT at Vancouver 's Rogers Arena .
On the heels of former Canucks bench boss Alain Vigneault being named the head coach of the New York Rangers Friday , Vancouver has hired Tortorella to lead its team .
The outspoken Tortorella will be heading from one high-expectations hockey market to another .
Tortorella was fired after his New York Rangers were eliminated in five games by the Boston Bruins in the second round of the NHL playoffs . The 54-year-old Boston native registered a 171-115-29 record with the Rangers since joining the team partway through the 2008-09 campaign . Tortorella 's Rangers reached the Eastern Conference final in 2012 , but they bowed out to the New Jersey Devils .
Tortorella , who led the Tampa Bay Lightning to a Stanley Cup victory in 2004 , was also courted by the Dallas Stars . The Stars named Lindy Ruff their new head coach Friday .
Prior to deciding on Tortorella , Canucks general manager Mike Gillis had also interviewed Dallas Eakins , who was officially announced as head coach of the Edmonton Oilers last week , and had spoken with former Stars head coach Glen Gulutzan .
Tortorella reached the playoffs in all but one of his five seasons with the Rangers , but his failure to get New York back to a championship level along with his combative nature were likely key factors that led to his firing .
Rangers president Glen Sather declined to give specifics for Tortorella 's dismissal Friday , saying only that it was n't one thing or particular incident that caused it .
Tortorella was fired shortly after the Rangers ' season ended with a loss to Eastern Conference champion Boston . New York never reached the title-contending predictions many made for the team before this lockout-shortened season .
Tortorella conducts business on and off the ice with an iron fist . His abrasive style was likely a factor in Sather 's decision to make a change .
Tortorella had one year left on his contract when he was let go . He was 19-25 in the post-season , and reached the playoffs four times after taking over as coach in February 2009 .
Tortorella , hired to replace Tom Renney with 21 games remaining in the 2008-09 season , achieved some success with the Rangers but could n't match the Stanley Cup title he earned in 2004 with the Lightning .
Sather said Tortorella 's contract status was n't part of the decision to let him go .
Last season , Tortorella led the Rangers to 51 wins , the second-most in franchise history , and 109 points before they were beaten in six games by New Jersey . He finished his Rangers tenure in fourth place on the team 's coaching wins list .
The 54-year-old Tortorella got the Rangers back into the playoffs , and New York outlasted Washington in seven games in the first round of the playoffs before being knocked out by Boston .
Tortorella made curious comments when the Rangers packed up for the summer , remarks that could have led to his ouster .
In his final meeting with reporters , Tortorella said the Rangers were n't emotionally ready to take on Boston after getting past Washington with back-to-back shutout wins when they faced elimination .
But he was defiant in his assessment that this was n't a down year for the club .
The Rangers entered the 48-game season as a contender to win the Stanley Cup , especially after the off-season acquisition of top forward Rick Nash in a trade with Columbus .
After a slow start , the Rangers rallied to a 26-18-4 record and the No . 6 seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs .
New York struggled to score in the post-season , and Nash and Brad Richards were among the biggest offenders . Nash recorded only one goal and five assists in the Rangers ' 12 playoff games .
Richards , who has seven years remaining on a nine-year deal , was a bigger disappointment and was a healthy scratch in the final two games against the Bruins . Sather said that move was an organizational decision .
Richards had thrived under Tortorella when they won the Stanley Cup with Tampa Bay , but he managed only one goal and zero assists in his 10 post-season games . Richards also is likely to be gone from the Rangers , who can buy out the remainder of his lucrative deal and remove him from the salary cap that will go down next season .
Tortorella is the career leader in wins by a U.S.-born coach with 410 . He was an assistant coach with the Rangers in the 1999-2000 season and took over for John Muckler as head coach for the final four games .
Tortorella was then hired by the Lightning and he was their coach for seven seasons , going 239-222-36-38 and earning the Jack Adams Award in the championship season .
( with files from AP )
One element of changes made to the Monte Carlo circuit is a tweak to the speed bumps at the sequence of corners before Rascasse .
As well as a new kerb running parallel to the track , the reshaped kerb on the inside of the left-hander has raised eyebrows among drivers , who fear it could cause trouble .
Asked for his views on it , GPDA director Grosjean said : `` I do n't really know why [ they 've done it ] – maybe for the Porsche ! But the bigger yellow thing – do n't touch it when you are in an F1 car !
`` It looks like a taking off ramp . If you clip your front wing , it could take it [ off ] because you 've made a small mistake and it will fly you straight into the wall .
`` Before , there was a big one [ kerb ] there , and taking it you were losing time anyway , so I was a bit surprised to see that . ''
Perez thinks there is no need for such a big kerb on the inside of that corner , and reckons that cars will easily be launched if they hit it .
`` It is far too big , '' he said . `` I do n't think there is a need to have such a big kerb .
`` I think the one we had before was big enough and if you hit it is will send you to the wall . So I think this one will probably send you to the grandstand . ''
A few answers about PCFC with Joe Butcher
Members of the Armada w our boys . All we can say after talking with them about the situation . S * * * . Just . Got . Real . pic.twitter.com/PcjTeWRsPB — Gulf Coast Armada ( @ GulfCoastArmada ) June 1 , 2014
It 's been a couple of days , and the excitement over Pensacola City FC has barely quieted down . In the meantime , Talking MLS had a chance to record a lengthy exchange with former PCFC defender/winger Joe Butcher about the days leading up to the announcement , and what he 's doing since then .
While the sudden announcement by owner Bill Fetke caught everyone by surprise , Butcher said the biggest effect was on the players who attend the University of Western Florida . A few players live at home with their parents , and they are unaffected , and Fetke has offered to cover the medical expenses of a few injured players through what would 've been the end of the season .
Butcher recounts the moment he and his teammates heard the news . In his own words :
“ We got a text the day of the meeting , explaining that we had no training and instead there was a team meeting at 1 . We were expected to be there and to bring all our equipment with us . Once there , we got a lecture from Bill ( Fetke ) about how employees should perform , etc. , and then about business principles , and he explained he was going to be withdrawing his funding from the team . When we all asked what we were going to do about housing and getting home , he said that it was no longer his concern because we were terminated employees . ”
Many of the players raised their voices via social media , and that is where most fans , supporters and media ( including Talking MLS ) heard the news . Butcher said he attempted to call Fetke after , but none of his calls were returned . The owner also removed his former players from his Facebook friends list , “ so he 's completely cut any ties with anything Pensacola City FC-related , ” the defender said .
These reports confirm Talking MLS 's early reports that PCFC took down its Twitter and Facebook pages , effectively removing its Web footprint as much as possible .
The npslsoccer released the following statement , courtesy of media relations manager Gary Moody :
“ The NPSL is extremely disappointed to hear that Pensacola City FC has decided to cease operations with immediate effect . The league remains committed to the Pensacola soccer community and looks forward to working with fans and supporters in the future . '
Butcher also said that most of the players are leaving the area to go home , although that is proving especially troublesome for a handful of international players on the team . The local supporter 's group Gulf Coast Armada has set up a fundraiser to help raise the funds for some of those players unable to move immediately , so they can get on their feet .
But the UWF players were put up in apartments that `` Bill agreed to pay the rent for the apartments along with the utilities and food . Bill made the announcement on the 28th , with only May being paid for in these apartments , leaving us three days to scrounge up $ 1,500 to pay for rent and utilities , ” according to Butcher .
Butcher defender Fetke to the extent that he said no player is being forcibly removed or evicted from their apartment . “ Bill is indirectly evicting players because they do n't have the funds to pay for the apartments and houses that he placed them in , ” he said .
That brings us to a bit of good news : Butcher landed on his feet for playing time rather quickly , moving to New Jersey to play with Trenton FC 's U-23 side . From the exchange , he seemed mildly disappointed in the drop in competition , but grateful for the chance to play competitive games on short notice .
“ They 're not in the PDL or NPSL , but they play in the U-23 National Cup , ” Butcher said of Trenton FC . “ I had some PDL and NPSL offers , but I 've also got the opportunity to work in New Jersey and earn some money , and that is exactly what I need to do . ”
Fetke admitted to Talking MLS that shutting down the team was an emotional time for him . The NPSL is not happy , either , and the players seem even less happy . But mostly , there has been disbelief .
“ Everyone was in shock , ” Butcher said . “ A few people walked out before ( Fetke ) could finish , in anger , and some players shook his hand afterwards .
`` Everyone is not happy and as you can see , there is a big deal being kicked up about it over social media . ”
President Bush has headlined a fund-raising event to help John McCain finance his campaign to succeed him , but most of the big-money backers who helped reelect Bush in 2004 have n't pulled out their checkbooks for McCain - or asked their friends to chip in either .
Of the 548 leaders of Bush 's vaunted money-raising machine , about 43 percent have contributed to McCain , a Globe review of finance reports covering the period through May 31 shows . Even fewer of them solicited and bundled donations from others for McCain , as they did for Bush four years ago .
About 25 percent of the elite Bush money team gave to another Republican or , in several cases , to a Democrat , but not to McCain . Nearly a third remained on the sidelines , not contributing to any presidential candidate .
McCain 's struggle to mobilize the Bush fund-raisers is in part a sign of the disaffection among some GOP stalwarts for McCain , who positions himself as a party rebel on some issues . But it 's also a sign of the obstacles that any Republican nominee would face in exciting elite GOP donors at a time of discouraging poll numbers driven by economic turmoil and frustration over the Iraq war .
The McCain campaign is trying to make a virtue out of its modest success in recruiting the Bush fund-raisers . In response to the Globe 's analysis , McCain spokesman Brian Rogers said : `` It appears you 've proved that John McCain is n't Bush 's third term after all , '' referring to a characterization the Obama campaign has made and McCain has rejected .
Bush 's major fund-raisers were dubbed Rangers if they raised more than $ 200,000 in 2004 , or Pioneers if they brought in more than $ 100,000 .
In heavily Democratic Massachusetts , some Bush fund-raisers remain loyal to one of McCain 's chief GOP rivals , Mitt Romney , the favorite son and former governor who suspended his candidacy in February .
`` I would probably support John McCain if he chooses Mitt Romney as his running mate ; other than that , I will not support John McCain , '' said venture capital fund manager and Staples founder Thomas G. Stemberg , a Bush pioneer who raised large amounts for Romney but also contributed the individual maximum , $ 2,300 , to Senator Barack Obama in March 2007 .
Concessions magnate Joseph J. O'Donnell of the Boston Culinary Group was a Bush Ranger who raised substantial sums in this race for his fellow Belmont resident , Romney . A registered independent who often contributes to Democrats , O'Donnell donated $ 1,000 to McCain in late March , after Romney dropped out , and said he will support McCain over the less experienced Obama , but has not raised funds on McCain 's behalf . Like Stemberg , O'Donnell said he hopes McCain `` is smart enough to choose Mitt '' as his running mate .
Bush Pioneer Kenneth J. Kies , managing director of a Washington-based tax consulting and lobbying firm , was a late giver to McCain , donating the maximum in May . Kies said his contribution was unsolicited after he sat out the nominating contest , which he termed `` a scrum . ''
Fractional Scaling Hackfest
Taipei , Week of 5 June
Primary contact : Jonas Ådahl < jadahl @ gmail.com >
Secondary contact : Marco Trevisan < marco @ ubuntu.com >
Relevant GNOME team
Gnome-Desktop Team
Description
GNOME shell has supported hi-dpi monitors for while . Currently , we only allow to scale windows by integral factors ( typically 2 ) . This proves somewhat limiting as there are many systems that are just in between the dpi ranges that are good for scale factor 2 , or unscaled .
We want to support different fractional scaling values in mutter and gnome shell , by upscaling the widgets and then downscaling to the requested value at composing time .
Agenda , goals
* Drawing the Shell UI at a higher resolution than what the logical pixels correspond to .
* Non-integer scaling adaptations here and there
* Xwayland clients support study
Canonical Limited Taiwan Office - Taipei 101 ( Room D , 46F ) , from June 5th to June 9th .
Attendees
Name Relevant contribution/aim Foundation member ? Arrives on Departs on Flight cost Accommodation cost Total sponsorship request Jonas Ådahl Yes - - - - - Marco Trevisan No 2017-06-04 2017-06-10 - - - Shih-Yuan Lee No - - - - -
Logs
Terrell Thomas says he should be read ... Getty ImagesNew York Giants cornerback Terrell Thomas was limited during Wednesday 's practice . He stated that he should be fully healthy and ready to go for training [ ... ] Read more »
Terrell Suggs will start rehabbing in ... Getty ImagesAccording to Aaron Wilson of the Carroll County Times , Baltimore Ravens head coach John Harbaugh stated that linebacker Terrell Suggs will visit his doctor in th [ ... ] Read more »
Ryan Tannehill running with the back ... Getty ImagesAccording to Armando Salguero of the Miami Herald , both Matt Moore and David Garrard took the first team snaps at practice on Tuesday , while rookie Ryan Tannehil [ ... ] Read more »
Felix Jones wo n't be on the fie ... Getty ImagesAccording to Todd Archer of ESPNDallas.com , Dallas Cowboys running back Felix Jones is n't expected to be on the field until training camp , since he underwe [ ... ] Read more »
Patriots sign first round pick Chandl ... Getty ImagesAccording to Mike Reiss of ESPNBoston.com , the New England Patriots have signed first round pick Chandler Jones.The Patriots drafted Jones in hopes that he̵ [ ... ] Read more »
Report : Ravens unwilling to pay Ray R ... Getty ImagesAccording to Rotoworld.com , ESPN 's Sal Paolantonio reported on NFL Live that Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice is looking for “ Adrian Peterson m [ ... ] Read more »
Ron Bartell does n't plan on wea ... Oakland Raiders cornerback Ronald Bartell is n't happy with the idea of the NFL forcing players to wear leg pads starting in 2013 . He said that he wo n't wear them [ ... ] Read more »
Jason Garrett reiterates they ' r ... Getty ImagesJust yesterday , we reported that Dallas Cowboys cornerback Mike Jenkins wants to be traded now that it appears he wo n't be starting this season.Cowboys he [ ... ] Read more »
Giants will visit the White House on ... Getty ImagesAccording to Art Stapleton of the Bergen Record , the New York Giants will visit President Barack Obama and the White House on June 8th to acknowledge their Super [ ... ] Read more »
The recent season 4 finale of Arrow left fans underwhelmed and disappointed and it 's not hard to see why .
If you have n't seen the fifth season of Arrow and want to avoid spoilers , we suggest you stop reading now . If you have seen it and want to hear our views on the next season keep reading .
The battle between Damian Darhk ( Neal McDonough ) and Oliver Queen ( Stephen Amell ) should have been quite the spectacle . Following a build-up that started at the end of season 3 , fans expected the most epic season finale for the show yet and what we got instead was a damp squib . How did Oliver defeat his latest nemesis ? With hope . Yes that 's right folks , Oliver enlisted the nameless people of Star City to help give him hope as apparently that 's the only thing that can defeat a man with magical powers .
After I 'd finished shaking my head I reflected over the very messy fourth season of what was once one of the best shows on TV . The decision to kill off Laurel Lance ( Katie Cassidy ) aka Black Canary was a poor one that upset a large portion of the show 's fan base and further deviated from the comic books . The focus on Felicity ( Emily Bett Rickards ) divided fans right down the middle , as did her brief stint in a wheelchair and her miraculous recovery thanks to a chip made by Curtis ( Echo Kellum ) .
Add to all that the dull flashbacks that drew a parallel with the main storyline in the present but offered nothing particularly new or interesting . Also you have to ask if Oliver had dealt with magic previously , why did it appear to be such a new concept for him when the realisation hit that Darhk used magic to gain the upper hand ? It all made very little sense .
By the season 's end Thea ( Willa Holland ) and Diggle ( David Ramsey ) had departed Team Arrow , Laurel was dead ( RIP ) and there seemed to be only Oliver and Felicity still on the team . Oliver of course was made Mayor too , further pulling him away from his Green Arrow duties . I highly doubt it 'll stay that way for long .
Many fans consider Arrow to have lost its steam following its second season . I actually liked the third season of the show but I will wholeheartedly agree that season 4 was a huge disappointment . For the next season the show runners need to go back to basics and right many of the wrongs they committed over the fourth season reason .
I 've put together 10 things I want to see when the show returns later this year…
1 . Oliver needs to go dark again . The show was at its most thrilling when Oliver was ruthless and did whatever was necessary to stop his city from being over-run with crime . His decision to stop killing and be a nicer vigilante took some of the show 's teeth away .
2 . Take some of the focus off Olicity . I actually like Oliver and Felicity together but their relationship impacted the show a lot more than it should . Some fans have criticised the focus on Felicity and her family , and while I like them , it 's Oliver that the show is about not Felicity .
3 . Roy Harper ( Colton Haynes ) to come back . He may have made an appearance during season 4 but I 'd like the character back full time . They 'd only really started to explore the character as a hero by the time he left the show . With Laurel dead and the team disbanded , it would be good to have a familiar face back in the fold .
4 . Oliver 's inevitable conflict between being mayor and being Green Arrow . The two jobs go hand-in-hand in one way and are polar opposites in another . How much Oliver will actually embrace his role as Mayor remains to be seen . In the comic books he managed to balance the two but he did eventually resign from the role following a scandal .
5 . A move away from the supernatural . The world established by Arrow during its first season is most definitely not the world we find the show in now . While it was necessary for Oliver and co to be made aware of time travel , metahumans and superpowers ( for the sake of the crossovers if nothing else ) , the supernatural elements of season 4 sucked . Big time . Get back to real villains that pose actual threats instead of tedious supernatural baddies .
6 . Malcolm Merlyn ( John Barrowman ) to leave the show – at least for a bit . Malcolm has changed sides so often now I ca n't keep up with who is aligning himself to this week . As he 's Thea 's father he will always be a part of the Arrow universe but does he need to be a series regular ? Not really . Bring him in for small story arcs but do n't devote as much time to the character and give him a breather for a season .
7 . Laurel to come back . The show writers and the cast have denied that Laurel will be heading back to Star City but with The Flash changing the timeline , there 's got to be a chance for Laurel to come back right ? The decision to kill her off was a poor one and it wo n't be the same show without her .
8 . The flashbacks to be engaging . The next season is supposed to be focusing on Oliver 's time in Russia and if that 's the case I hope the flashbacks are more relevant than they were this past season . They 've always been my least favourite part of the show and honestly I would n't be sad if they ditched that narrative device altogether .
9 . Thea and Diggle to return to the fold . It 's pretty much a given really but with the bad decisions from the show writers recently I do n't want to take anything for granted . Thea needs to get an actual storyline in season 5 that does n't revolve around Malcolm or her anger , and Diggle needs to emerge from the background once again with a strong story arc .
10 . Curtis to be utilised properly . Now he 's a fully fledged regular in season 5 , I really hope that the writers give Curtis a purpose . He 's kind of on Team Arrow but his very similar in ability to Felicity . The show does n't need two similar characters so I 'm hoping that his Mister Terrific side comes out and he 's more than just a quippy , brainy computer nerd .
Arrow returns to The CW in the US and Sky 1 HD in the UK for a fifth season later this year .
ADVERTISEMENT
For months now , many congressional Democrats have been obsessed with Russian interference in the American electoral process . That tendency was on full display this week , as they reportedly refused demands from liberals that they gum up the works of Congress in an attempt to stop the passage of TrumpCare . Their reason ? That it would hinder their efforts to achieve a bipartisan deal on new Russia sanctions .
Investigation into Russian meddling is , to be clear , a vital necessity . But Democrats will not get there by an appeal to Republican patriotism — and an obsession with Russia risks obscuring a far more urgent issue , the onrushing approach of TrumpCare . Only by fighting the odious Republican agenda will Democrats get the political success necessary to get to the bottom of the Russia story .
A case in point was Attorney General Jeff Sessions ' testimony Tuesday before the Senate Intelligence Committee . Through suspicious excuses , angry defiance , and evasion , Sessions revealed almost nothing of substance about the firing of FBI Director James Comey , much less possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia . And Republicans let him get away it .
For instance , Sessions claimed that he only recused himself from the Russia investigation to follow the letter of the regulations around federal investigations — which is nearly impossible to believe given that he recused himself the very day after The Washington Post reported that , contrary to his confirmation testimony , he had had meetings with Russian officials during the campaign . His justification of being involved in the Comey firing , which he characterized as a simple personnel matter , not anything to do with Russia , was similarly non-credible .
But more fundamentally , anytime the questions veered towards anything really sensitive about Trump , Sessions simply refused to answer . He weirdly even wavered on whether or not he was invoking executive privilege in his refusal to answer , which infuriated Sens . Angus King ( I-Maine ) and Martin Heinrich ( D-N.M. ) . It seemed to my non-legal eye to border on contempt of Congress . Yet Republicans were basically happy to accommodate him .
Meanwhile , the TrumpCare bill — the House version of which will throw 23 million people off their insurance over a decade — is rushing towards a vote in the Senate . Liberals have been demanding that Senate Democrats use every procedural tool to slow down the process , but Senate Democrats have been resisting . Why ? In part , because :
Top Senate D aide emails to say not going nuclear on AHCA also allows them to hammer out bipartisan Russian sanctions deal . So there 's that — Jeff Stein ( @ JStein_Vox ) June 13 , 2017
During the Bush and Obama years , referencing Peanuts ' `` Lucy and the football '' became a shorthand in the liberal blogosphere for how Democrats continually underestimated the cynicism and deception of Republicans . Left-wing activists tried to warn of the futility of things like trying to negotiate in good faith with Sen. Chuck Grassley ( R-Iowa ) over the Affordable Care Act , but centrist Democrats , obsessed with trying to obtain bipartisan support , refused to listen . As a result , Grassley strung them along for months , eating up weeks of precious time and making the bill markedly worse , and then voted against it anyway .
Democrats are somewhat less credulous now than they were years ago ( if only because many of the most dimwitted centrists were wiped out in successive Republican wave elections ) . But they are still trying to appeal to norms — like the sanctity of elections — which most Republicans in office are either too corrupt or too poisoned by right-wing agitprop to actually observe , or are actively undermining themselves . Only a handful of congressional Republicans , and none in positions of high influence , seem to care at all about the integrity of America 's electoral system . They might sign on to some small-bore sanctions on a foreign power . They will not impeach or remove a Republican president so long as that president continues to support Republican priorities .
Now , the idea of Russian interference in the election has gotten more credible than I initially supposed . Just recently Bloomberg reported that some 39 states found evidence of attempted penetration of their election systems ( most of which are , naturally , outdated and horribly insecure ) by what seem like Russian hackers . Clearly this investigation is a vital priority .
Therefore , Democrats should of course continue with Senate Intelligence Committee hearings , and watch closely to see that Special Counsel Robert Mueller can conduct his investigation properly . But they can not rely on the slightest scrap of decency from any elected Republican to achieve this end . They must assume that every single one , from President Trump on down , is corrupt until proven otherwise .
Secondly , Democrats must realize that the best way to actually get to the bottom of the Russia story is by winning electoral victories by running against the absolutely odious Republican agenda — above all the monstrous TrumpCare bill . The Republican strategy of jamming this thing through in secret is working — it is receiving virtually no media coverage compared to when it was first introduced . But that very secretiveness reveals they understand the bill is grossly unpopular and could not be passed if it got close attention .
Democrats must shout themselves hoarse about this thing , and should it pass anyway , use it to crush them at the polls . Only then can they begin to restore and protect American democracy .
HARRISON , N.J. – Bad behavior will be punished .
That is the message from the New York Red Bulls Front Office as they have officially limited New York City FC supporters from their original 1,500 ticket allotment to just 500 seats in the third and final edition of the Hudson River Derby .
“ Because of safety concerns of all guests of Red Bull Arena , we limited NYCFC Supporters to 500 tickets to make them a more manageable group size , ” a Red Bull spokesman informed .
NYCFC fans came in droves , descending upon Red Bull Arena 's upper deck in a vibrant show of support for the first encounter between the clubs . Unfortunately , as the match went on , fans were in violation of several Arena policies , the most egregious being a flare thrown to the left of goalkeeper Luis Robles during a stoppage in play .
“ At the last NYCFC game , several smoke devices were lit inside and around Red Bull Arena , including some that were thrown onto the field , causing issues with the match and safety concerns of the fans seated in close proximity , ” the Red Bull statement continued . “ Although the leaders of the various NYCFC Supporter Group tried to , they were unable to curb the actions of the large group inside the Arena . ”
While a blow for NYCFC fans who will undoubtedly seek their place at the highly-anticipated third match between these rival sides , Red Bull management does give hope for more sizable allotments — if behavior improves .
“ We will continue to work with the NYCFC Supporters to re-allocate their allotment as they continue to adhere to RBA regulations at future matches .
“ This has happened before with other visiting supporter groups where we have taken action . As we have always done , the safety of the fans remains our number one priority at Red Bull Arena . ”
A debate surrounding player development in the American Hockey League long has centered on the role that winning plays in preparing young players for an NHL future .
Different organizations have applied various approaches , with some opting to rely heavily on a young roster even if it means the win-loss column may suffer . Putting top prospects in key roles to learn through trial and error is at the heart of that philosophy . Other organizations believe a strong core of AHL veterans can produce a winning environment and the chance to experience a deep run through the Calder Cup playoffs that is optimal for up-and-coming talent .
Seth Griffith won the CCM/AHL Player of the Month honor for December with six goals and 11 assists in 11 games . ( Team Shred Photography ) Seth Griffith won the CCM/AHL Player of the Month honor for December with six goals and 11 assists in 11 games .
Losing also can play a role . It can build up or break down young players , and how the prospects inside the Iowa Wild dressing room handle this season will go a long way toward determining their NHL futures .
Iowa has experienced nearly non-stop frustration through 36 games . Last in the AHL with 21 points , the 8-23-2-3 Wild have endured a 13-game losing streak lasting close to five weeks , a 12-game home losing streak that stretched nearly two months and 16 one-goal losses . They play in the Central Division , perhaps the toughest in the AHL , and have had to deal with a stream of recalls to the parent Minnesota Wild .
Iowa also dealt with the loss of its three top centers early in the season . Zac Dalpe , a high-end AHL scorer , sustained a season-ending hip injury in the first game of the season . Tyler Graovac and Grayson Downing missed time early .
With 2.03 goals per game , last in the AHL , goal production has been a season-long issue . Leading scorer Christoph Bertschy has four goals and 15 assists in 33 games . Veteran Brett Sutter has scored twice in 36 games . Jordan Schroeder has been limited to 20 games .
Iowa added experienced goaltending in Leland Irving and Jeremy Smith before the season . The tandem has held the Wild in games , but it has had to cope with the pressure of playing with minimal margin for error nightly .
Leading them through it all has been no-nonsense hockey lifer John Torchetti , who brings a Boston-flavored tough-love approach heavy on blunt talk .
Torchetti has coached in the NHL , AHL , Kontinental Hockey League and Quebec Major Junior Hockey League among other circuits . He won a Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks in 2010 . However , the 51-year-old has also endured losing seasons , young teams , veteran teams and has seen just about everything there is to see in pro hockey .
`` I love developing NHL players , '' said Torchetti , whose list of AHL alumni now in Minnesota include Jonas Brodin , Matt Dumba , Justin Fontaine , Mikael Granlund , Erik Haula , Darcy Kuemper , Nate Prosser , Marco Scandella and Jason Zucker .
`` My whole job with our coaching staff is to develop them to be a pro , '' Torchetti said . `` Our job is to get them there quicker , better , faster .
`` I 've told [ players ] , 'You have to be consistent at what you do . If you ca n't be consistent in the American League , do n't get upset when you do n't get called up because you 're not a consistent guy . ' ''
Torchetti and Minnesota management held off on shipping out players , but they opted to send forward Brady Brassart and defenseman Guillaume Gelinas to the ECHL last week . Forward Matt Carey was sent to the ECHL on Dec. 3 and has remained there .
`` We 've made a lot of moves where we 're holding guys accountable , '' Torchetti said . `` You do n't [ produce ] , you 're going to the [ ECHL ] . That 's it . It 's just consequences .
`` You have to earn your ice . It 's the second-greatest league in the world , and you just ca n't keep getting ice and repeating the same [ mistakes ] and expect to get ice . There have to be consequences . ''
Of late , Iowa has started to see rewards for sticking with Torchetti 's process . The Wild ended their home losing streak Dec. 27 against the powerful Rockford IceHogs . This past weekend , they split a two-game series on the road with the Manitoba Moose . They overcame a 3-1 second-period deficit in the second game to win 4-3 in the shootout , the third victory in their past five games .
`` Good things are happening with our team because we 're buying into the simpler things , '' Torchetti said .
`` I like our team . We do n't grip our sticks , we have fun and we compete . That 's all I ask them to do , and they have been doing a good job .
`` We have n't had the season that we 've wanted , but we 're starting to have the identity that we 've been building on . ''
Changes in net : The Lake Erie Monsters could be without their top two goaltenders for the near future because of injuries to Sergei Bobrovsky and Curtis McElhinney with the parent Columbus Blue Jackets .
Columbus recalled Joonas Korpisalo from the Monsters on Monday to replace McElhinney , who was injured this past weekend . Korpisalo will join the Blue Jackets for his second NHL stint and team with his Lake Erie partner Anton Forsberg , who won his first NHL game in relief Saturday .
Providence center Alexander Khokhlachev was named CCM/AHL Player of the Week after scoring three goals and three assists in two games . ( Alan Sullivan ) Providence center Alexander Khokhlachev was named CCM/AHL Player of the Week after scoring three goals and three assists in two games .
Korpisalo , 21 , has a 5-6-2 record with a 2.34 goals-against average , .918 save percentage and two shutouts in 13 games with Lake Erie . Forsberg , 23 , has gone 12-6-0 with the Monsters to go with a 2.60 GAA and .900 save percentage .
Veteran Brad Thiessen is likely to take over the No . 1 job in Lake Erie for now . Thiessen , 29 , won the Aldege `` Baz '' Bastien Memorial Award as the AHL 's top goaltender in 2010-11 with the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins
With honors : Providence Bruins right wing Seth Griffith won the CCM/AHL Player of the Month honor for December with six goals and 11 assists in 11 games .
Milwaukee Admirals right wing Max Gortz won the CCM/AHL Rookie of the Month award . He had five goals and 10 assists in 13 games .
Jared Coreau of the Grand Rapids Griffins was selected as the CCM/AHL Goaltender of the Month . In 11 starts , he was 9-2-0 with a 1.92 GAA and .938 save percentage .
Statistically speaking : Texas Stars captain Travis Morin passed William Nylander of the Toronto Marlies for the AHL scoring lead . Morin has 35 points ( 10 goals and 25 assists ) in 36 games . … Petr Straka of the Lehigh Valley Phantoms still holds the AHL goal-scoring lead at 17 goals . … Ontario Reign veteran Peter Budaj 's 1.68 GAA tops all AHL goaltenders . He has started 14 consecutive games and is tied with Michael Leighton ( Rockford ) with a league-high 16 wins . … Wilkes-Barre/Scranton goaltender Matthew Murray , who returned to the AHL this past week , leads the league in save percentage at .940 . … Toronto defenseman TJ Brennan has 13 goals and 18 points in 31 games , most among AHL defensemen .
Around the AHL : Providence center Alexander Khokhlachev was named CCM/AHL Player of the Week for the period ending this past Sunday . He had three goals and three assists in two games . … The league announced its coaches for the 2016 Toyota AHL All-Star Classic that will be hosted by the Syracuse Crunch on Jan. 31 and Feb. 1 . Wilkes-Barre/Scranton associate coach Jay Leach will coach the Atlantic Division . Toronto coach Sheldon Keefe will coach the North Division . In the Western Conference , Dean Evason of Milwaukee will represent the Central Division . Ontario 's Mike Stothers will lead the Pacific Division . … Six AHL players won the Spengler Cup for Canada this past week in Davos , Switzerland . Defensemen Trevor Carrick ( Charlotte ) , Mark Cundari ( San Jose Barracuda ) and Aaron Johnson ( Stockton Heat ) played on the Canadian blue line . Veteran forwards Manny Malhotra ( Lake Erie ) and Daniel Paille ( Rockford ) also participated . Charlotte goaltender Drew MacIntyre was injured early in the tournament . … Grand Rapids has won 17 of its past 19 games . … Charlotte has a 10-game point streak ( 8-0-1-1 ) . In the middle of a six-game road trip , the Checkers ' 12 road wins are the second-most in the AHL . … The Binghamton Senators ' five-game winning streak ended this past Saturday at Hershey when they surrendered a 5-1 lead and lost 6-5 in overtime . They have points in their past six games ( 5-0-1-0 ) but remain last in the North Division . … Four more AHL players made their NHL debut this past week , bringing the season total to 73 .
An Alabama police officer was clubbed with his own gun during a traffic stop , authorities say .
The robbery detective stopped a maroon 2012 GMC Yukon last week in eastern Birmingham and told the suspect to stay in his vehicle . Instead , the suspect got out , jumped the officer , grabbed his gun and clubbed him with it .
Images posted to social media mock the wounded cop . One post read , “ Pistol whipped his a * * to sleep . ”
The suspect , identified as 34-year-old Janard Cunningham , fled , but was arrested by police shortly thereafter . Cunningham has a long rap sheet , including a 2006 assault conviction .
The detective suffered lacerations to the head , but has since been released from the hospital .
Sgt . Heath Boackle , president of the Birmingham Fraternal Order of Police , was on “ Fox and Friends ” this morning to discuss the ordeal .
Boackle said that the media has been portraying law enforcement as criminals while making criminals look like the victims .
Watch the segment above .
Inmate Accused in Brutal Attack of 4 Jail Guards
Heroic K-9 Saves Officer From Brutal Roadside Ambush
The Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) remains a key element of unfinished business in the nuclear age . As a growing number of governments and decision makers along with civil society put forward ideas to move the world toward abolishing nuclear weapons , much can be learned from how the CTBT was fought for , opposed , and finally negotiated between 1994 and 1996 , when it was adopted by the U.N. General Assembly .
The Treaty 's relevance and significance was underscored first in 1998 with nuclear tests carried out first by India and then Pakistan , and then again more recently when the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) conducted its own tests in 2006 , 2009 and 2013 .
Nearly two decades have elapsed since the treaty was opened for signature and yet its entry into force has not been achieved , the consequence of political and geo-strategic obstacles .
In South Asia a nuclear arms race continues , led by India and followed by Pakistan . India has acquired a ballistic missile defense system , invested heavily in satellites , launched a nuclear submarine ( the INS Arihant ) , unveiled ambitious limited war fighting strategies – for instance , its Cold Start military doctrine – and moved away from a concept of deterrence to compellence . Pakistan has responded with , for instance , the fielding of Nasr ( a low-yield nuclear weapon ) , supplemented by full spectrum deterrence . These moves have the potential to erode the prevailing deterrence stability of South Asia , and cause the region to drift toward conflict .
The steady enlargement of nuclear stockpiles and sweeping modifications in conventional as well as nuclear doctrines of these two regional nuclear-armed rivals , combined with a massive influx of foreign technology to India , first under the banner of the Next Steps in Strategic Partnership ( NSSP ) in 2005 and later the Defense Trade and Technology Initiative ( DTI ) in 2012 , have pushed South Asia toward perpetual instability .
According to the U.S. 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review , “ the United States supports India 's rise as an increasingly capable actor in the region. ” The role of extra-regional players is not only “ adding fuel to fire ” and exacerbating the already fraught regional security environment in South Asia , it is also pushing India to counter China 's influence in Asia , at the risk of regional as well international strategic stability .
Changes on its eastern border and a bloody insurgency against the U.S. in Afghanistan have had a deep impact on Pakistan 's security calculus . These developments undermine Pakistan 's deterrence equation vis-à-vis India , as it begins to feel marginalized .
The rapidly changing strategic landscape of South Asia brings to mind the words of George Santayana , “ Those who can not remember the past are condemned to repeat it. ” For India and Pakistan , the history of the Cold War could be a guide . The U.S. and Soviet Union accumulated a vast stockpile of nuclear weapons in the 27 years after the first nuclear explosion conducted by the U.S. in 1945 , yet later they were still able to sign the SALT-1 accord in 1972 .
However , looking at India and Pakistan 's rationale for nuclear deterrence and the rapid developments in their conventional and non-conventional weaponry , combined with the transformation of their security doctrines toward an increasing reliance on the “ power ” of nuclear deterrence , it appears that neither country has learned any lesson from the excesses of the Cold War .
It seems that neither India nor Pakistan have reached their desired maximum number of nuclear weapons , the point at which they might feel there is no need to produce more nuclear weapons or delivery systems .
According to a SIPRI report and IHS Jane 's , “ India is expanding a covert uranium enrichment plant that could potentially support the development of thermonuclear weapons . ”
According to analysts , this could potentially be used to make a thermonuclear bomb – something that India has been trying to develop for quite some time , in order to match China , which already has a thermonuclear capability .
The latest revelations regarding India 's nuclear program have validated and reinforced Pakistan 's apprehensions about its neighbor 's strategic buildup . The reports have the potential to further destabilize the complex regional security alignment . Given that Pakistan does not yet possess thermonuclear weapons , a deadly new arms race in South Asia could ensue , something that Islamabad likely wants to avoid .
Both countries will continue to produce fissile material for new weapons and their delivery systems . If the time comes , they will proceed with nuclear testing to validate their acquired capability and ultimately enhance their international standing , at the expense of established international norms against nuclear weapons tests .
In this context , the CTBT remains an essential component of the global nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation regime . Moreover , CTBT constrains the development and qualitative improvement of nuclear weapons and ends the development of advanced nuclear weapons .
At present , 183 states are signatories to the treaty , and 162 states have ratified it . The vast majority of the world 's nations have spoken : no more nuclear testing .
What lies behind this political determination is a vision to bring an end to the age of nuclear weapons , a strong desire to establish an international norm against nuclear testing , and a firm political will to advance the treaty 's entry into force as soon as possible .
Thus far in South Asia , Pakistan and India have not found it possible to sign and ratify the CTBT , a reflection of regional security exigencies . The continued hostility between India and Pakistan , rooted in territorial disputes , has also increased the imbalance and tension between them . Thus , as long as India remains outside the CTBT , Pakistan will continue to keep its options open .
For its part , Pakistan signaled its intention to sign and ratify the treaty in parallel with its regional adversary , India . Moreover , Islamabad “ will not be the first to resume nuclear testing . ”
It would be prudent for India “ as a father state of the CTBT ” to take the lead role in signing it . That would enhance its nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament credentials , despite the fact that it received the Nuclear Supplier Group waiver without signing the Non-Proliferation Treaty .
India 's move to sign the CTBT will strengthen its bid for membership in the NSG . It will also not only put pressure on Pakistan to follow suit , but also put tremendous global pressure on China and the U.S. to ratify the CTBT and pave the way for its entry into force .
With the recent election in India and a new government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi , there is a window of opportunity for a bilateral dialogue on regional security and arms control issues . A recent meeting between Pakistan 's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Modi demonstrated that there is ample space for both countries to build trust and transparency , and move forward on key issues that include the strengthening of existing nuclear confidence building measures ( CMBs ) , and addressing the issues of a dangerous nuclear arm race .
It is imperative for the two neighbors to begin discussing nuclear and regional security issues within a parallel setting . The 1998 Lahore declaration could be a starting point .
Tahir Nazir is a research fellow at South Asian Strategic Stability Institute . He tweets as @ tahirdss .
A 54-year-old Daytona Beach man brought along two children when he tried to buy pills in a motel parking lot , was robbed and ended up getting arrested himself , officials said .
Deputies were dispatched to the parking lot of the Motel 6 on West International Speedway Boulevard near Daytona Beach about 7 p.m. Sunday for a reported armed robbery , said Gary Davidson , Volusia County sheriff 's spokesman .
Charles McDowell , 54 , told deputies that he was in his pickup in the motel parking lot when a stranger came up and robbed him at gunpoint of his wallet , money and keys , Davidson said . But deputies found out that was n't the real story .
McDowell later admitted he was there to buy pain pills and then the man robbed him . The robbery suspect had not been found Monday . Deputies did arrest McDowell on two counts of child abuse because he had two 6-year-old boys with him .
“ McDowell 's actions placed the children 's lives in danger , ” the deputy wrote in his report .
McDowell , whose criminal history includeds dozens of arrests dating back to the early 1980s , was released Monday from the Volusia County Branch Jail after posting $ 10,000 bail . McDowell did not answer his cellphone Monday and his voice mailbox was full .
The children were turned over to their respective mothers .
I think this may be huge . Here me out til the end on this one ...
I recently came across a voat post by user `` Path '' , that had mentioned an establishment called Uspiritus , which is an orphanage for abused and destitute children in Louisville , KY that also offers residential treatment for children , who according to their site , have problems such as sexual acting out and impulse control . http : //archive.is/utG96
If you opened the previous link , you may have noticed the identical girl lover symbol here . http : //archive.is/oPwMv - As i was looking on their site , I scrolled to the bottom of Uspiritus page and there are links to other organizations . The one that struck me was The Childrens Alliance . Check out their symbol ! http : //archive.is/f8Ywj - They too are an organization for at risk children and abused children . Check out this FB post of theirs . http : //archive.is/L1VrY . ( All seeing eye - girl ) Uspiritus has a vimeo talking about another organization called Mary Hurst https : //vimeo.com/120003298 - which also is an orphanage home and has residential living for young children . http : //archive.is/0KFzp . Again , they use another pedo symbol . I thought how odd that all these orphanage organizations that offer residential treatment to abused children , children with substance abuse issues , and sexual behavioral problems .
Another organization linked to the above mentioned establishments is an organization called Safe Place and is at the YMCA in Louisville . Going through their instagram they put the following post which I thought was just creepy . http : //archive.is/GFpLl Looks like it might have been made by the children and it says `` Help '' . Could this be a sign ? Notice that spiral ... It 's almost like the besta pizza symbol but a different variation .
I noticed that all these organizations are also linked to an organization called Kosair Charities . http : //archive.is/UFdMl - I had been going through Uspirtus FB and had come accross this picture . http : //archive.is/OQsAa - The guys in the red hats intrigued me . I looked up to see who the president of Uspiritus was and found this : http : //archive.is/46UgF - I found it disturbing that this man Randy Coe , had kids on one side of him and a random shovel on the right side . I did some searching on him and came across this link which I think is pretty crazy . Scroll to the absolute bottom of the page and look at his title . http : //kosair.com/kosaircharities.html . He is a 33rd Degree Scottish Rite Mastor Mason . He is one of the leaders of the Kosair Shriners who are a chapter of the Mastor Masons called The Shriners . Here is another article that shows he was honored at the highest degree . http : //archive.is/Zm5VV
Apparently the Shriners own over 20 childrens hospitals and are heavily involved with the organizations I mentioned above , as well as several other organizations dealing with at risk and abused children . I was n't too familiar with the Shriners , but I started to do some digging and it looks like there is a sub-group to the shriners that one can only become a member through invitation . A very secret society of the top shriners . They are called the Royal order of Jesters . https : //fratline.net/store/images/RJA-200.jpg . The International Royal Order of Jesters oversees nearly 200 clubs . Their members include United States Presidents , including Truman and Ford , congressmen , governors , state representatives , federal judges , US district attorneys and secretaries of state . Their ranks are swollen with doctors , lawyers , sheriffs , Masonic Grand Masters and Shrine leaders .
Looking further into this secret society made up of the highest degree shriners .... I came across an independent investigator who had been researching them for a while . Here is one of her findings , which links this group to child trafficking , child sex tours , prostitution , and other sorts of criminal activity . Here is a detailed analysis of them from investigator Sandy Frost . Must read to see how powerful this group is and the scandals they are involved in . http : //archive.is/kvJZY - I found out after doing my research that another voat user had posted on the Jesters . https : //voat.co/v/pizzagate/1588990 - They also included a link to a video that does a great job at giving you a look into the society and the scandals they had been involved in at the time . Here is a deleted post about the jesters which the title talks about their nationwide child sex tours . Article was deleted but a few comments were left . http : //archive.is/6ojYd . Another article discusses the conviction of several jesters who were trafficking prostitutes between state lines . One of the jests was a State supreme court Justice , an attorney , and a police chief . http : //archive.is/lxkdw
I tried to find more information reported by Sandy and came accross this : http : //archive.is/G3R0j - apparently after investigation the Jesters , she feared her life due to there being a murder and so she backed out on researching them . I could n't find much else on her at all after this date and I 'm hoping she is still around . If anyone could locate her existence for peace of mind , that would be awesome .
I wanted to see if any Jests were involved in these Louisville , KY at risk and abused childrens organization and did a little digging . Since Royal Order of Jesters are listed as a non-profit organization ... i figured I can do a search for some info and came accross this : http : //archive.is/SdHd3 # selection-397.0-397.20 - Looks like that is the same man pictured with Coe from Uspiritus . Look at the first picture . http : //archive.is/Zm5VV . Here he is talking at one of the organizations linked to all the others . http : //archive.is/5T1Bl
Does anyone else find it odd , that a secret society made up of 33rd degree mastor masons is involved in a number of foster homes , orphanages , residential treatment homes for young children , and a childrens hospital , while also being known for trafficking children , having child sex tours , prostitution , etc ?
Random thought : Could it be possible that some establishments housing orphans and bringing in abused children , could actually be a human trafficking front ? This gives those involved a chance to take advantage of children who are already mentally unstable and can abuse them without ever causing any concern from anywhere else , due to the fact that they house abused children . No one would ever suspect the abuse could also be taking place right there at the establishments . Those who run the operation can bring in trafficked children , abuse them physically and sexually while they are there , and then send them off to foster parents or put up for adoption ... with the cycle continuing over and over . Not sure how possible this could be , but it would n't surprise me if its happening somewhere .
Since shriners have been made up of policitians , judges , police chiefs , and even presidents , is it possible that they could try to cover up anything done by the Jesters , as it would make the shriners look really bad , especially since they are so involved in kid organizations ?
I certainly hope the Shriners/Jesters are just sincere people looking to help children and not part of the problem that makes Kentucky the # 1 location for child abuse deaths . http : //www.wdrb.com/story/11357339/ky-ranks-no-1-in-child-abuse-death-rate
In Sandy Frosts article , she looked listed every jest chapter in the states and found their info as this is all public information . Check it out . http : //archive.is/Lai41 Maybe we should be looking into some of these guys to see if they have any connections to the main suspects surrounding PG or anything related to child trafficking/abuse . This could be an old list as her article was from 2008 , but perhaps there is something more recent . This may be worth looking up folks .
Do not message or try to reach out to ANY of these guys as they are extremely powerful masons . Do your research under the radar .
* User Seraph7 sent the following link which shows jester satire regarding changing their logo to jesterbear , which is pedobear with a jester hat . http : //archive.is/KNSPW
Important comment from Singleservername that needs further digging :
`` I will not use any links here hoping anons can dig discretely .
I encountered the Shriners through Love a Child Inc. , a huge $ 50 million a year operation from a Haitian orphanage in Fond Parisien , run by Bobby and Sherry Burnette .
Much of this is financed by Shriners , especially the medical care in the US . Please look it up .
The Love a Child Orphanage is a large compound surrounded by walls and wires . It contains at any moment over 150 children . There 's a weird little hotel/night club nearby though it 's otherwise isolated .
But the real operation is run from Fort Myers , Fl . Look it up . This is an enormous building for an organization moving 8-10 containers monthly .
Do they return empty to Boca Grande ? Where does 50mn/yr go ? How does LaC Inc obtain such a large budget ? I could n't figure it out . Then I saw the FBI headquarters in Fort Myers is right next to the LaC Inc. warehouse . Then I began to see . ''
Another Voat user , thisHoCwilltumble , had provided this info on Uspiritus regarding sex offenders right around the organization . Check it out . http : //imgur.com/a/Ocoms
WASHINGTON -- GOP presidential candidate Herman Cain raised more questions about his knowledge of foreign policy on Sunday , saying he does n't know anything about the `` neoconservative movement , '' which dominated the eight years of the Bush administration .
On `` Meet the Press '' Sunday morning , host David Gregory asked Cain who has shaped his views on foreign policy .
`` I 've looked at the writings of people like Amb . John Bolton , '' replied Cain . `` I 've looked at the writings of Dr. Henry Kissinger -- KT McFarland , someone I respect . ''
Bolton was one of the most hawkish figures of the Bush administration , serving as the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . He repeatedly pushed for striking Iran , and in 1994 , he famously said , `` If the U.N. secretary building in New York lost 10 stories , it would n't make a bit of difference . ''
Kisssinger served as Secretary of State and National Security Adviser under Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford . McFarland is a national security analyst with Fox News who has served in the Nixon , Ford and Reagan administrations .
When Gregory then asked Cain whether he was a `` neoconservative , '' the presidential hopeful admitted he had no idea what Gregory was talking about .
`` I 'm not sure what you mean by neoconservative , '' said Cain . `` I am a conservative , yes . Neoconservative -- labels sometimes will put you in a box . I 'm very conservative . ''
`` But you 're familiar with the neoconservative movement ? '' asked Gregory .
`` I 'm not familiar with the neoconservative movement , '' admitted Cain . `` I 'm familiar with the conservative movement . Let me define what I mean by the conservative movement -- less government , less taxes , more individual responsibility . ''
Neocons gained popularity during the term of President George W. Bush . In his 2004 inaugural address , Bush placed himself squarely within the neocon philosophy , declaring that a key foreign policy purpose of his second term would be to promote democracy `` in every nation and culture , with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world . ''
The Iraq war was heavily pushed by his neocon advisers , including Richard Perle , Doug Feith and Paul Wolfowitz .
On Sunday , Cain also said he believes the invasion of Iraq was a good idea .
`` I do n't think the war in Iraq was a mistake , because there were a lot of other reasons we needed to go to Iraq , and there have been a lot of benefits that have come out of Iraq , '' he said , although he did n't elaborate on the nature of the benefits .
`` Now that being said , I do n't agree with the president 's approach to draw down 40,000 troops and basically leave that country open to attacks by Iran . Iran has already said that they want to wait until America leaves . ''
The decision to draw down troops in Iraq was put in place prior to Obama 's inauguration by the Bush administration , which signed a Status of Forces Agreement with Iraq saying that all U.S. troops would be out of the country by the end of 2011 .
Foreign policy has not been Cain 's strong suit , and it seemed that in the beginning of his campaign , he was doing all he could to avoid talking about it . Initially when asked about his plan for Afghanistan , Cain repeatedly said that he would reveal it only if he became president .
`` The right approach is : The day I 'm elected president , I will start on that plan such that the day I was sworn in , I will be able to implement the plan , '' Cain said in a vague answer on `` Fox News Sunday '' in May .
When asked on Sunday how he would define victory in Afghanistan , Cain simply said he would take the advice of the commanders .
A distinctive new water safety warning - consisting of a tonne of water - has been installed at Aberdeen beach .
The glass-walled weight , adorned with information about the dangers of the sea , has been introduced by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution ( RNLI ) .
It invites beachgoers to push it and imagine what it would be like to try to withstand such a force in the water .
It has been installed near where a six-year-old boy and his mother died after getting into difficulties in August .
While it has not been done in direct response to the deaths of Lucas and Julie Walker , the RNLI hopes it could help prevent similar tragedies in future .
Image caption Julie Walker and son Lucas died
Donald Montgomery , from the lifeboat charity , told BBC Scotland : `` We are trying to get the message out by people seeing this thing and looking at what it says . ''
Lucas , a pupil at Bramble Brae School in Aberdeen , was playing when he was swept away in August .
His 37-year-old mother tried to save him , but both died . His brother Samuel , 13 , had also tried to help .
Safety measures at the beach are being assessed as part of an inquiry .
Thirty-six men have been executed since Davis died . His sister talks about her fight to clear his name and end the death penalty
The sister of Troy Davis , the man whose execution a year ago amid substantial evidence that he was innocent sparked protests across the US and the world , has vowed to keep on fighting until the death penalty is ended `` one state at a time '' .
Speaking to the Guardian on the first anniversary of her brother 's death , Kimberly Davis said that her family was still determined to clear his name of the crime for which he was executed – the 1989 murder of a police officer . Seven of the nine witnesses who testified at the trial recanted their accounts before the state of Georgia killed him by lethal injection .
`` They insisted on executing an innocent man despite so much doubt around the case . If those seven witnesses were credible enough to put my brother on death row , then why were n't they credible when they recanted ? '' Davis said .
Troy Davis was pronounced dead at 11.08pm on 21 September 2011 . He was aged 42 . Before he died he told Kimberly and other family members `` that he wanted us to continue the fight to clear his name and end the death penalty '' , she said .
Kimberly Davis is following her brother 's exhortation . Next month she will be in California campaigning on behalf of the SAFE California Act that proposes to commute the death sentences of all 725 current death row inmates in the state to life without parole .
The proposal is put to California voters as a referendum on 6 November .
`` My brother was murdered by the state of Georgia . For the Troy Davises who came before him , and the Troy Davises who will come after him , we want to stop the killing of innocent men , '' she said .
Despite the extraordinary welling up of outrage around the Davis execution , prisoners have continued to be executed steadily over the past 12 months . The first man to die after Troy Davis , Derrick Mason , was put on the gurney in Alabama just the following day – on 22 September 2011 .
The most recent execution took place in Ohio yesterday . Donald Palmer , 47 , was killed by lethal injection for a double murder in 1989 .
Through the year , deep ethical and procedural problems with the death sentence in the US have been displayed by the cases of the 36 men ( they have all been men ) who have been executed since Troy Davis . They include issues of mental illness and learning difficulties , childhood abuse and a length served on death row that has been denounced as a form of torture ( see side story ) .
But there have also been strides made during the year towards the withering away of the death penalty . Last November the governor of Oregon , John Kitzhaber , put a moratorium on all executions and in April Connecticut became the fifth state in as many years to abandon capital punishment altogether .
Kimberly Davis said that although her brother 's killing generated a great deal of anger around America , she was clear that anger was not the emotion that would win this battle .
`` My brother said before he died that he forgave those who testified against him . He said he held no animosity in his heart . He knew that going out and spreading the word was a far more effective weapon than shouting out in anger . ''
GNOME Calendar is one of the few decent desktop calendaring apps available on Linux — and it 's going to get better .
Georges Stavracas , GNOME developer , gives an overview of new features and changes that are headed to the app .
And spoiler : it 's a whole lot of awesome .
GNOME Calendar — Planned Features
GNOME Calendar is , to my mind , the most accomplished app of its kind currently available on Linux , and builds on innovative touches offered by the short-lived California .
So the addition of new sidebar might not sound like the most revolutionary thing , but when you 're trying to keep on top of multiple calendars and appointments it really helps to have some degree of concision .
The plan for GNOME Calendar is to add a sidebar similar to , but not identical , to the sidebar used in Fantastical 2 , a third-party macOS app .
Georges says the sidebar , regardless of whatever form it ends up taking , will be able to be hidden ( just like the Nautius sidebar ) . If you 're happy with the current layout you can rest assured that you 'll be able to keep using the app the way you like .
Also on the table is a new week view ( GNOME Calendar currently only has monthly and yearly overviews ) , and support for adding and listing attendees to a scheduled event ( likely through integration with GNOME contacts ) .
User testing of the app has thrown light on a few areas that need improvement , including the way in which people manage calendars . The plan is to introduce a new setup wizard , and make it easier to add and arrange multiple calendars .
Other items on the roadmap include creation of reoccurring events , natural language support , and reminders .
Russian air bases will stay in Syria for 49 years
Russia 's Federation Council has ratified the protocol to the bilateral agreement between the Russian Federation and Syria about the deployment of Russia Air Force airborne formations on the territory of the Arab republic .
The agreement , which embraces the period of 49 years , was signed back in August of 2015 , whereas the parties signed the protocol in early 2017 .
In accordance with the document , Syrian government troops undertake to protect places of deployment of the Russian air group in Syria . In turn , Russia will take efforts to ensure law and order as well as maintain internal protection and air defense of its deployment sites .
The ratification of the protocol allows the Russian military contingent to carry out comprehensive practical activities in Syria .
The implementation of the document will cost Russia about 20 million rubles each year . The required funds have been assigned in the budget of the Russian defense department .
In the spring of the current year , Russia 's Air Force in Syria was given the right to shoot down NATO aircraft in the Arab republic should they pose a threat to the security of Russian formations .
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
BY :
CARLSBAD , Calif.—Members of the Democracy Alliance , a secretive dark money liberal donor network , appear to have moved to increase security presence and alter its schedule at its fall donor summit following a Washington Free Beacon report released Friday morning based off the group 's internal documents .
The high-dollar progressive donors , who each vow to direct at least $ 200,000 in funding to approved left-wing groups of the alliance , are currently gathered at the posh La Costa Resort located in Carlsbad , Calif. , for its three-day fall investment conference to plot their 2018 `` resistance '' and game plan .
The Free Beacon , who appears to be the only members of the media on site covering the conference , has obtained internal documents meant only for attendees that detail the conference 's agenda and those who are currently at the gathering . Janell Ross , a Washington Post reporter , is allegedly at the summit , but is listed as being on a `` getting the economic narrative right '' panel at the conference .
Following publication of the story on early Friday morning , there has been a noticeable increase in security personnel at the resort . These reporters noticed that the original itinerary also appears to have been altered .
Diners also now have to identify their names and room numbers upon sitting down at the restaurant , which was not required yesterday , as these reporters discovered this morning .
The DA 's agenda , titled `` Beyond # Resistance : Reclaiming our Progressive Future , '' establishes `` participation guidelines '' that include guests not sharing any of the members ' names with the press or on social media . It also asks attendees to refrain from leaving any sensitive materials behind .
Friday 's headliners include liberal billionaire George Soros , who was introduced by a video message from Sen. Kamala Harris ( D. , Calif. ) , and House Democratic Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , who is scheduled to speak at the network 's dinner . Sen. Amy Klobuchar ( D. , Minn. ) also delivered a video message to the group .
David Brock , the former conservative investigative reporter turned Clinton ally and founder of Media Matters , DCCC chair Rep. Ben Ray Lujan ( D. , N.M. ) , CNN contributor Van Jones , Center for American Progress CEO Neera Tanden , Pennsylvania Gov . Tom Wolf , California politician Sandra Fluke , and others , are also at the summit , according to the agenda .
Tom Steyer , a billionaire environmental activist and past prominent member of the alliance , who is currently in the midst of launching a campaign geared at impeaching President Donald Trump , does not appear to be at the gathering . Pelosi , who is in attendance at the summit , previously lambasted Steyer for the campaign .
However , Sky Gallegos , the political director of NextGen Climate , Steyer 's group , is listed in the group 's documents as having participated in a lunch program Thursday on `` mobilizing the electorate for a progressive future . ''
Below is the original schedule and attendees at the conference .
Democracy Alliance Fall Investment Conference Agenda by Washington Free Beacon on Scribd
Community groups , rightly , screamed bloody murder .
But these latest plans for Brooklyn have merit , insofar as City Hall wants to keep leaning on real estate to help pay for basic public services , a policy whose logic , as Donnell proved , can also seem to evaporate when the market shifts .
In Brooklyn Heights , the issue is a dilapidated , low-rise , 62,000-square-foot building on a prime lot at Cadman Plaza , combining a neighborhood branch and a somewhat orphaned business library . It would make way for a 38-story tower with 132 market-rate apartments . The tower 's designer is Jonathan Marvel , the New York architect . A new 21,000-square-foot storefront library would occupy the building 's ground floor . Library officials say much of the existing branch is unused and that moving the business collection to the main library at Grand Army Plaza rationalizes Brooklyn 's holdings . More to the point , they insist the new library will be an upgrade , with stacked auditoriums , a lower-level reading room and a mezzanine that could serve as a children 's wing .
Hudson Companies , the developer , is promising affordable units offsite , a red flag . But offsite development allows for more subsidized units — 114 — than would have been possible at Cadman Plaza , if the library still hoped to make real money . As is , the library pockets $ 51 million . That 's enough to outfit the new Brooklyn Heights branch ; fix the one near Atlantic Yards , called the Pacific branch ; and repair two others , Walt Whitman near the Navy Yard , and Washington Irving in Bushwick , leaving millions more for additional projects .
New National Poll : Raimondo 9th Least Popular Governor in U.S .
According to new polling released Tuesday by Morning Consult , RI Governor Gina Raimondo is the ninth most unpopular governor in America .
Only 41 percent of Rhode Islanders approve of her job performance and 47 percent disapprove .
Raimondo ranks far behind Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts — he ranks # 1 in America with 69 percent approval and 17 percent disapproval .
The ten Governors with the highest approval rankings are all Republican , but so is the last ranked Governor .
“ With just a few months left in office , New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie ( R ) retains his spot at the bottom of the rankings , with 77 percent of Garden State voters disapproving of his job performance — a record low since Morning Consult began tracking public sentiment on governors in 2016 . Two other governors , Kansas ' Sam Brownback ( R ) and Connecticut 's Dan Malloy ( D ) , have cracked the 70s on disapproval before — and are n't expected to be in office much longer . Brownback is awaiting Senate confirmation to lead the State Department 's Office of International Religious Freedom , and Malloy announced in April he will not seek a third term in 2018 . They join Christie in the bottom three , ” write Morning Consult .
The latest installment of Morning Consult 's Governor Approval Rankings — a survey of more than 255,000 registered voters nationwide conducted online from July 1 to Sept. 30 — features a shuffling at the top and bottom , along with a debutant on the list and a new entrant in the highest ranks . Margins of error vary by state ; see table below .
GoLocal Poll
GoLocal 's Benchmark poll conducted by Harvard 's John Della Volpe found that Raimondo 's Excellent/Good was 34 percent and her Fair/Poor was 61 percent .
Would you say that Gina Raimondo has done an excellent good , fair or poor job as Governor ?
Excellent 6 %
Good 28 %
Fair 30 %
Poor 31 %
Never heard of 1 %
Can not rate 3 %
SEE FULL BENCHMARK POLL BELOW
Related Slideshow : GoLocal : Benchmark Poll , October 2017
Related Articles
Enjoy this post ? Share it with others .
In a sign of stronger diplomatic and business relations with Central and South America , Israel and Mexico signed over the weekend a cooperation agreement for industrial research and development .
Under the deal , Israeli and Mexican companies will receive assistance in funding joint projects in several areas of research and development , including water management , desert agriculture , pharmaceutical and medical devices , electronics and communications .
The agreement was led by Mexico 's CONACYT ( Consejo Nacional de Ciencia y Tecnología ) and its Israeli counterpart , the Office of the Chief Scientist ( via MATIMOP , the Israeli Industry Center for R & D ) , and was signed by Israeli Ambassador to Mexico Rodica Radian Gordon , and the Israeli Ministry of Economy 's trade attaché to Mexico , Rona Kotler Ben Aroya .
Get The Start-Up Israel 's Daily Start-Up by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The agreement comes after Israel was admitted in 2012 as an observer in the Pacific Alliance trade bloc , which Mexico , along with Colombia , Peru and Chile , is a member of . The combined GDP of Pacific Alliance nations is approximately $ 3 trillion and constitutes 40 % of Latin America 's GDP . If they were a single nation , the Pacific Alliance countries would form the world 's sixth biggest economy , according to the World Bank .
Israeli officials who have been working on deals with Latin American countries believe that there is a great demand for Israeli technology and expertise in a wide variety of fields .
“ We are delighted with Mexico 's vote of confidence in Israel 's economy , industry and innovation , which have long been global brands , ” said Israeli Chief Scientist Avi Hasson . “ Cooperation agreements such as the one signed with Mexico contribute to the Israeli market by creating new jobs , advancing R & D , technological enterprise and more . ”
Among the Israeli companies already working in the region is Frutarom , one of the biggest companies in the flavorings and fragrances industry . Frutarom in October acquired the flavors and natural food colors division of Peru 's Montana Foods in a $ 35 million deal , at the same time taking on Montana 's Chile operations as well .
With the new agreement , Israel and Mexico will early next year issue a call for Israeli and Mexican companies to present joint proposals for parallel funding for R & D projects .
With the highest vote totals for a president-elect in Wilfrid Laurier University Students ' Union history , Olivia Matthews was named president and CEO last Thursday .
With 72.74 per cent of the vote and 2,868 total votes , Matthews claimed the position over candidate Frank Cirinna . The second-most votes for a president-elect in history was Michael Onabolu in 2012 with 2,592 .
4,138 students cast their ballots on Feb. 4 and 5 , equating to approximately 24.2 per cent of the student body . 46 students spoiled their ballots , with 203 abstaining from voting for a presidential candidate .
Turnout decreased slightly ; in 2014 with three presidential candidates , turnout was 25.57 per cent .
“ On top of the world , ” Matthews said of how she felt after the announcement Thursday . “ That 's an honest answer . ”
Matthews contributed her win to her team , who she took time after the announcement to individually hug and congratulate .
“ I would n't have changed anything , hopefully , now that I 've won . I think it went very well . ”
Cirinna was the only other candidate in the election for presidency . Dave Patterson withdrew from the race the Monday before the results . Cirinna garnered 27.26 per cent of the vote .
“ I kind of expected the result … this might upset some people for me to say this , but I did n't come into this election thinking I was going to win . The odds were like , legitimately not in my favour , ” Cirinna said after the announcement .
“ If the most qualified person actually won the Students ' Union elections year after year , the past Students ' Union presidents — going back six years as far as I can count — would be me , Chandler Jolliffe , Chris Walker , Mike Onabolu — who did win — Matt Park and then Kory Preston , ” he continued .
At 11:30 p.m. — significantly earlier than the year previous when results were n't announced until almost 2 a.m. — Kaipa Bhraucha , assistant chief returning officer , and Matt McLean , chair of the board and chief governing officer , announced the results for the School of Business and Economics Students ' Society president , all eight referendum questions , board of governors , senate , board of directors and president and CEO .
Vanessa Buttinger defeated Shadi Varkiani for SBESS president , who will also start May 1 .
Kanwar Brar and Trevor Thompson were elected to Senate , while Derek Worden , Ryley Fletcher , Sujaay Jagannathan and Abdiasis Issa were elected to the board in the first , second , seventh and eighth rounds , respectively .
They will join acclaimed directors Colin Aitchison , Kanwar Brar , Matt DeSumma , Nick DeSumma , Giovanni Giuga , Andrew Harris , Melody Parton and Jonathan Ricci .
“ I 'm so excited . Especially to hear [ I was elected ] first round — that just felt great , ” Worden said .
Jagannathan will be one of five returning directors to the board , an increase from two last year . He said he believes his biggest role is going to be to “ use the experience to enhance the role of the director ” and act as a mentor for the seven first-time directors .
Brantford directors , Matt DeSumma , Nick DeSumma , Parton and Fletcher , will now represent one third of the board .
“ I mean a third of the board being from Brantford is the biggest by far that they 've ever seen , ” Fletcher said .
“ From Brantford I feel that Waterloo under-represents the Brantford campus and I am beyond happy that Brantford now represents a third of the board . ”
Three referenda questions failed : the SBESS levy fee raise ; the Waterloo faculty association fee ; and the Brantford faculty association fee for programs that are not criminology , leadership and journalism .
The remaining five passed : Daughters for Life fee ; Brantford association fee for criminology , leadership and journalism ; Brantford student life levy ; and the two constitutional amendments .
Bharucha said she was pleased with the way the campaign period went , commending the candidates ' professionalism .
“ The thing I 'm most proud of is the candidates ' behaviour and how they were all really great sports with each other , ” she said .
“ Something we told them before is you 're running together . Again , not everyone is getting every position … [ but ] they have to support each other just like they ask other students to do . ”
UPDATED FEB. 11
-With files from Marissa Evans and Kaitlyn Severin
Two years after Gamergate began and multiple restraining orders later , Zoe Quinn is walking away from a criminal harassment case in favor of talking openly about her story . ( Erin Patrick O'Connor/The Washington Post )
By all accounts , Zoe Quinn — the 28-year-old video game developer whose personal life sparked the Internet conflagration known as Gamergate — had a solid , even winnable , criminal harassment case .
Since August 2014 , when her ex-boyfriend , Eron Gjoni , posted a 9,000-word screed about her online , Quinn and her family had been deluged by threats so severe that Quinn fled her home in Boston , afraid for her life . Gjoni 's online “ hate mob , ” as Quinn described it to a municipal judge that September , had unearthed her address and old nude photos , hacked her website , promised to kill and rape her , and placed multiple threatening calls to her father 's home in upstate New York — all of which Quinn had meticulously documented and organized in evidentiary zip-drive folders .
[ The only guide to Gamergate you will ever need to read ]
But as the date for Gjoni 's Feb. 24 arraignment hearing drew closer , Quinn found herself wavering . The court case had made her ex something of an online celebrity , a role he gleefully embraced , and the hate mob had only grown bolder .
“ Is there any way to back out ? ” Quinn emailed assistant District Attorney Mary Nguyen on Jan. 15 . “ He did another post yesterday and now stuff like this is popping up . . . . ”
She attached a screenshot from the Reddit topic thread “ GGFreeForAll ” : “ If Eron goes to jail , ” the post reads , “ I will hunt Zoe Quinn down and rape her . ”
Quinn was n't necessarily scared by this faceless Reddit troll — the statement is typical of her inbox and Twitter “ @ ” -replies these days . But to Quinn , it confirmed a fear voiced by other victims of cyberharassment before her : that the legal system could n't , or would n't , ever really protect her from the Internet hordes .
According to a review by Danielle Citron , a professor of law at the University of Maryland and the author of the book “ Hate Crimes in Cyberspace , ” only 10 cyberstalking cases were filed in federal courts between 2010 and 2013 , despite statistics suggesting that millions of people had been stalked or harassed online during that time . In June , Rep. Katherine M. Clark ( D-Mass . ) introduced legislation that would force the Justice Department and FBI to devote more resources to cyberharassment , because — as she said , on the House floor — “ we are failing these women . ”
Quinn herself had been forced , on multiple occasions , to explain “ Twitter ” and “ doxing ” and “ online mobs ” to judges and officers unfamiliar with any of those concepts . Despite new cyberstalking and harassment legislation in many states and growing public awareness of these problems , the legal system remains unwilling , or unable , to resolve all but the most straightforward of them .
“ What we 're seeing now is the law 's limits , ” Citron said . “ Mobs have little fear of the law , and unfortunately , Zoe is the victim of that . ”
But the mob who has victimized Quinn is a special case . While the hateful and amorphous trolls who collectively called themselves “ Gamergate ” have since morphed into a neo-reactionary movement , bent largely on fighting “ social justice warriors ” online , its roots lie in Quinn and Gjoni 's personal relationship , which has been debated to the point of exhaustion by both sides .
[ Why ‘ social justice warrior , ' a Gamergate insult , is now a dictionary entry ]
Undisputed is the fact that the pair met online in late 2013 , then — after a tumultuous six months or so — broke up in July 2014 . Both claim to have felt abused or wronged by the other , but only Gjoni published the details online . One month after the breakup , he posted a seven-part chronicle of their relationship , complete with annotated chat logs and lurid sexual details , and promoted the links in a series of forums known for their antipathy toward female and progressive game developers . He would later tweet that he suspected “ The Zoepost ” would provoke harassment but that he chose to publish anyway .
As predicted , the forums quickly latched onto the post — particularly Gjoni 's allegation that Quinn had slept with a writer at a prominent gaming website , presumably to score a good review . Within days , the uproar over “ ethics in gaming journalism ” had grown from forum chatter to full-blown abuse . Gjoni publicly condemned it , while simultaneously blogging and tweeting that he believed the hell visited on Quinn was deserved . Reached by phone , Gjoni told The Washington Post that , looking back on everything that has happened since , he would still choose to publish “ The Zoepost , ” minus a joke about Five Guys that morphed into a slut-shaming meme .
“ If I ever see you are doing a pannel [ sic ] at an event I 'm going to , I will literally kill you , ” one person messaged Quinn on Tumblr , according to court documents . Wrote another : “ I 'm not going to stop spreading your disgusting nudes around and making sure your life is a living hell until you either kill yourself or I rape you to death . ”
After a month of this deluge , Quinn applied for an order of protection against Gjoni in a Boston municipal court .
“ My personal info like my home address , phone number , emails , passwords and those of my family have been widely distributed , alongside nude photos of me , and several of my professional accounts and those of my colleagues have been hacked , ” she wrote as part of her application . “ Eron has coached this mob multiple times . . . and does n't seem to be stopping . ”
[ What tolerating online harassment costs us ]
The court was convinced by Quinn 's application : In late September 2014 , a judge granted her a year-long restraining order , which — as Gjoni points out — has a lower evidentiary standard than is typically required in other sorts of civil cases . Much of it was boilerplate , barring Gjoni from contacting Quinn or walking within 150 yards of her . But the judge , apparently perplexed by the subject of the “ online mob ” — court transcripts show that , at one point , he asked Quinn what exactly that was — also wrote in a special clause , prohibiting Gjoni from publishing further information about her .
“ I just hope to , you know , give you some relief , ” the judge said — but the restraining order seemed to have the exact opposite effect . Gjoni , who contends that the write-in could be used to “ silence activists , ” of whom he is self-admittedly not one , promptly began soliciting funds online for his legal defense , which drew further attention and outrage to the ambiguous online movement . Within a span of weeks , they had begun latching onto Quinn 's friends , employers and defenders , finding more menacing ways to embarrass , threaten or silence her . ( It was around this time when Quinn 's father started receiving , by anonymous mail , ejaculate-stained pictures of his daughter . )
Thanks to all the # GamerGate peeps and others who donated ! The paypal funding goal has been met ! > pic.twitter.com/RY06pI7kkM — Eron Gjoni ( @ eron_gj ) September 26 , 2014
Anita Sarkeesian , a longtime feminist game critic and friend of Quinn 's , went into hiding after Gamergate began passing around her full name and address . Brianna Wu , the 38-year-old co-founder of the game studio Giant Spacekat , who mocked the growing outrage on Twitter , received more than 200 death threats .
Wu , who now employs an assistant to document the online harassment she still receives , says that the FBI , as well as police in Boston and San Francisco , initially showed interest in her case . The Massachusetts attorney general investigated one man who tweeted , among other things , that he “ personally sniped ” 41 insurgents in Iraq , and was going to shoot Wu next .
[ Why does it take law enforcement so long to unmask Internet trolls ? ]
But the AG concluded that the man , 20-year-old Jan Rankowski , was not mentally stable enough to prosecute , Wu says . And while the FBI did assign a special agent to her case , they eventually passed it on to state prosecutors and the attorney general 's office , who have not yet pursued charges . Documents show that law enforcement officials visited the homes of several of Wu 's tormentors , only to conclude that they were underage and leave them with a warning . Last May , Wu and her husband sent a desperate email to the agent assigned to her case , complaining that “ we feel like we are sending emails into the void ” and that “ we do not have any faith that the FBI is interested in helping our family . ”
In response , according to emails Wu provided to The Post , a federal prosecutor said that “ cases of this nature are very challenging ” and offered to refer them to victim/witness services , which never happened .
“ I had every advantage , ” said Wu . “ I spoke to people in Congress , there were hundreds of articles , there was a ‘ Law & Order ' episode based on our case — I do n't know what other incentive they could have to investigate . Even if you do everything right , the police will not help you . ”
Meanwhile , back in Boston , Quinn had taken Gjoni back to court for half a dozen restraining order violations , which , nearly a year after the abuse initially began , caught the attention of the Boston district attorney 's office .
But at this late stage , the dynamic had changed irrevocably : Quinn no longer alleged that Gjoni was her sole harasser , or even that he was the worst . Her meticulously archived evidence — like that of Sarkeesian 's and Wu 's — suggested a faceless multitude , who together were profoundly more frightening and disruptive that Gjoni 's blog post ever was .
“ Do we expect Massachusetts police to go after all of them ? ” asked Citron , the law professor . “ At some point , it becomes too much for the system to bear . You ca n't nail down criminal liability in a case like Zoe 's , where there 's such a huge number of actors . ”
And yet , the system has tried , repeatedly : According to the National Conference of State Legislatures , almost every state has enacted explicit cyberstalking or cyberharassment laws over the past two decades . At the federal level , at least two criminal statutes promise to punish offenders who cause “ significant emotional distress ” online . But most of these laws cover only narrow , specific cases of abuse , and investigations are rarely so straightforward or clear-cut . That 's made both investigators and prosecutors hesitant to pursue them .
“ It 's very clearly not a priority , ” said Clark , the congresswoman , who has become something of a crusader for victims of online harassment since Gamergate visited chaos on her district . “ Their feeling is that it does n't cause bodily harm , but that misses the point . What 's so corrosive is that it has the effect of silencing people , of disrupting their personal and professional lives . We see more of a reaction if someone 's purse is stolen . ”
Clark is unusual in her belief that the law can still help victims like Wu , Sarkeesian and Quinn ; in June , she introduced a bill that would , among other things , force the FBI to devote a team of 10 agents to investigating issues like online harassment . But in the eight months since , the bill has yet to attract a single Republican endorsement , and it 's not expected to make it past the subcommittee to which it was relegated .
Quinn has met Clark ; she 's spoken to Congress and at the United Nations . But despite their efforts , she 's not convinced there 's any help to be found in the legal system . On Feb. 10 , Quinn officially decided not to pursue criminal harassment charges against Gjoni , concluding that the abuse was more likely to stop if she did n't fight it in court .
Recently she has spent a lot of time speaking to organizations such as Twitter and Google , and she 's become convinced that they 're equipped to address abuse like the kind she faced . She and a longtime friend , Alex Lifschitz , have also partnered on a project called Crash Override , which provides victims of online abuse with practical advice , support and counseling .
Quinn has n't technically exhausted her legal options : There 's still that rumored FBI investigation , and she could pursue a civil case for defamation or exposure of private facts . But Quinn 's lawyers are working pro bono already , and a defamation suit would require delving into unwanted sexual history in court .
Plus , pursuing further legal action would mean facing Gjoni in a Boston courtroom , which Quinn hopes to never do again .
“ It 's exhausting , and the whole point of this is to try to reclaim my humanity and stop having to be a ‘ good victim ' for the court system , ” Quinn said . “ So I decided to be an absolutely terrible victim by speaking up ” about the legal process .
There is one party that has n't tired of that process , however — and that is Gamergate . Gjoni is still challenging Quinn 's initial restraining order , which she voluntarily vacated last August , in an attempt to establish new legal precedent around the use of restraining orders against online incitement or harassment . He has already raised $ 29,000 from his supporters , and persuaded constitutional scholars like Eugene Volokh to file amicus briefs on the case .
“ It 's an outrageous violation of the First Amendment , ” said Volokh , whose legal blog , The Volokh Conspiracy , is published on The Post 's website . “ Fifty years ago , in Brandenburg v. Ohio , we asked if speech that encourages crime could be punished . The Supreme Court said no . There is no legal remedy for [ Quinn ] , because that 's how the First Amendment works . ”
Asked if perhaps the world had changed since 1969 , when Brandenburg was tried , Volokh acknowledged that while the world may have changed , the Supreme Court “ has not been inclined. ” Quinn , for one , will not be a test case .
“ It does n't feel like a battle worth fighting , ” she said .
A 3-year-old in Sydney , Australia , has made headlines for downloading $ 50 worth of apps on her mom 's iPad .
Sienna Leigh knows her way around Steve Job 's latest tech toy , and she even figured out how to buy a $ 17 app .
“ She uses it every day for a few hours , but I did n't think anything of it , ” Sienna 's mom told The Age . “ She was just playing with it until , later , when she had gone to bed and I was checking my email and I saw that I had paid for a whole bunch of apps that I did n't remember buying . ”
How did tiny fingers figure out how to get through password-protected areas and make a purchase ?
“ It turns out that after you buy one app , which I had bought for her , ” Sienna 's moms said , “ it does n't ask for the password straight away , so she 's then not played the game I bought for her , [ but instead ] decided that ‘ I 'm going to go into the app store and buy a whole lot of apps . ' ”
This is an extreme , rare case , but most of us have seen little kids keeping themselves entertained with their parents ' iPads and iphones . Who knew Apple was getting into the babysitting business ?
Just the other day I spotted two children at La Petit Baleen swimming class playing video games while their siblings were swimming and their parents were busy checking emails on their iPhones .
I 've also seen a few young kids in restaurants fiddling with pads and phones while their parents sip wine and chat . Kids with tech gadgets in hand are everywhere : on the airplane , on Bart , at school meetings , even at the park .
It all makes perfect sense . iPads and iPhones are portable and fit into mom 's purse . It 's so much easier to bring an iPad to a restaurant rather than an extra bag full of coloring books and crayons to keep the kids busy . Who wants to crawl under the table after dinner to find all those lost markers ?
I 've certainly pulled out my iPhone and handed it to my kids in times of distress . It 's the ultimate quick fix .
But if kids as young as 3 years old are always occupied with a tech gadget in those situations when they have to wait for mom or dad to finish cleaning the house or talking with the ticket agent , will they ever learn to keep themselves entertained ? Will they ever learn to be patient ? Will they learn to hold their horses ?
Should tech gadgets such as iPads be used as babysitters on a daily basis ?
The Peters Projection World Map
Although featured in 'The West Wing ' , this map dishonesty is anything but fictional . The video below will give you an accurate look at the size of Africa . People are often not aware of how large Africa continent really is . The image below is an accurate look at Africa relative to some major countries : The map shows how Africa ( 30,3 million km² ) is larger than the combination of China ( 9,6 million km² ) , the US ( 9,4 million km² ) , Western Europe ( 4,9 million km² ) , India ( 3,2 million km² ) and Argentina ( 2,8 million km² ) , three Scandinavian countries and the British Isles ( map gives no surface for these last two areas ) . Mapis one of the most stimulating , and controversial , images of the world . When this map was first introduced by historian and cartographer Dr. Arno Peters at a Press Conference in Germany in 1974 it generated a firestorm of debate . The first English-version of the map was published in 1983 , and it continues to have passionate fans as well as staunch detractors.The earth is round . The challenge of any world map is to represent a round earth on a flat surface . There are literally thousands of map projections . Each has certain strengths and corresponding weaknesses . Choosing among them is an exercise in values clarification : you have to decide what 's important to you . That is generally determined by the way you intend to use the map .
Perhaps we 've all just been too caught up in American Vandal , and now we 're seeing drawings of dicks everywhere we look , but it appears that some animator drew a penis on a log in a Netflix animated children 's series . The plot of American Vandal , of course , involves an intricate mystery over who spray-painted penises on the cars in a high-school parking lot , with the tagline “ Who Drew the Dicks ” as a handy summary for the series .
“ Who drew the dick ? ” indeed , Netflix .
The offending animated series is Maya the Bee , a seemingly innocent series about “ a young bee named Maya who leaves her hive to discover the beauty and mysteries of nature , making new insect friends along the way. ” Nowhere in that series description is an indication that the drawing of a penis would be in any way germane to the narrative , so we can only assume that when a drawing of a penis shows up fleetingly on a log in episode 35 , it 's the work of a rogue animator .
The UK 's The Mirror picked up on a post from a mom on Facebook who was outraged at the idea that her child would be subject to such lewd drawings . Which is fair enough , though one wonders if the child would have even noticed it if not for the parent .
“ I know I 'm not going crazy , ” the parent allegedly posted , “ and I know that something like this should n't be in a kids ' show whatsoever . I 'm extremely disgusted by it , there should be no reason my kids have to see something like this . I do n't know if they 're gon na do something about this or what but there are no reasons why this should be in this show . ”
The Facebook account has since been made unavailable , but then again so has the offending episode of Maya the Bee , so if you feel like carrying on your own American Vandal-style investigation , that might be where you 'd want to start .
Where to stream American Vandal
The parents of a Winnipeg toddler who fell out of a second-storey apartment window Saturday say backlash they received online was hurtful and unwarranted .
Christopher Genaille and Nevada Anderson 's 15-month-old daughter Emma-Marie was knocked unconscious after tumbling to the pavement .
Doctors told the parents their daughter is lucky to be alive . ( Althea Guiboche )
After details of the fall circulated Saturday afternoon , the couple said they received a flood of comments and messages online from people who questioned their parenting skills .
`` As soon as I started reading those comments , it just made things 100 times worse , '' Genaille said .
Genaille said one person asked where the toddler 's parents were and questioned if they were getting high .
`` And it 's like , 'Well , we do n't even do that , ' '' he said .
Anderson said one of her Facebook friends made a judgmental post about the fall after reading a news story , not realizing it was her daughter who fell .
`` They were calling the parents , so us , really stupid people and all that , and once she found out it was me and my daughter , she deleted that whole post about us , '' she said .
Emma-Marie 's grandmother , Althea Guiboche , a Winnipeg Indigenous activist known to many as Bannock Lady , said she also saw backlash about her granddaughter 's fall .
`` The comments were just unnecessary and hurtful , '' Guiboche said .
'Face down on the ground '
Anderson said she was just about three feet away ( about a metre ) from her daughter when she climbed up on a couch and fell out the window after popping its screen .
`` I did n't see her fall or anything . I just looked out the window and she was laying there face down on the ground , and that image has been haunting me since it happened and it 's really , really hard , '' Anderson said .
`` I ran outside as fast as I could and I know that people say not to move them or whatever , but I could n't leave my baby laying there on the ground , so I picked her up right away . ''
Nevada Anderson , left , and Christopher Genaille , parents of Emma-Marie , and the toddler 's grandmother , Althea Guiboche , say backlash they received online after the child fell out of her parents ' apartment window was hurtful . ( Austin Grabish/CBC )
Paramedics rushed Emma-Marie , who was unconscious and in critical condition , to hospital . The toddler was in the intensive-care unit at the Children 's Hospital of Winnipeg as of Sunday evening .
Genaille said doctors expect his daughter to make a full recovery , but she has two skull fractures , two brain bleeds and is getting an MRI tomorrow to see if she has any damage to her spine .
He said doctors have told him his daughter is lucky to be alive .
`` It was a 50/50 shot and it was all about how she fell and landed , '' Genaille added .
O Palmeiras quer usar a camisa da Chapecoense na última rodada do Campeonato Brasileiro . O campeão do torneio vai enfrentar o Vitória , no dia 11 , às 17h , em Salvador , e gostaria de fazer essa homenagem ao time catarinense , que perdeu jogadores , comissão técnica e diretores em desastre de avião a caminho da Colômbia . A equipe disputaria a final da Copa Sul-Americana .
Uniforme número 1 da Chapecoense ( Foto : Francieli Constante/Chapecoense )
Essa ideia começou em campanha de torcedores nas redes sociais . Motivado por isso , o clube de São Paulo solicitou à CBF liberação para fazer tal homenagem . O presidente Paulo Nobre reforçou o pedido em vídeo divulgado na noite desta terça ( assista acima ) .
A Crefisa , patrocinadora do Palmeiras e responsável pela exposição das marcas da instituição financeira e da Faculdade das América ( FAM ) no uniforme do Verdão , liberou o clube para homenagear a Chapecoense .
A adidas , fornecedora de material esportivo do Verdão , também será consultada pelo clube .
Por contrato , a empresa precisa ser consultada sobre qualquer alteração na camisa de jogo que reflita na alteração no posicionamento das marcas . Em contato com Maurício Galiotte , presidente que assume o Palmeiras no dia 15 de dezembro , a Crefisa não fez nenhuma oposição a qualquer manifestação do clube na última rodada do Campeonato Brasileiro .
Em comunicado , Leila Pereira , presidente da Crefisa , apoiou a decisão da Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras :
A Crefisa e a FAM apoiam a decisão que a direção do Palmeiras tomar e abrem mão de todas as suas propriedades como patrocinadores e já externou isso aos seus dirigentes , para que o Palmeiras decida da melhor forma como homenagear a Chapecoense .
A Mexican restaurant owner in Arizona who held a “ Latinos Support D. Trump ” sign at a recent campaign rally has received a barrage of threats , by Trump opponents , to kill her , burn and bomb her business . But in the face of the hate and vicious threats , the local community has rallied in support of the restaurant , where business is better than ever .
The story of Betty Rivas and Sammy 's Mexican Grill in Catalina , Arizona , some 90 miles north of the border , was the subject of an unusually comprehensive report on the nation 's largest Spanish-language television network , Univision , which typically only highlights anti-Trump perspectives and points of view .
The report , by Univision 's Dulce Mascareño , chronicles Rivas ' story since Trump showed off her pro-Trump sign and showered her with affection during a recent rally .
BETTY RIVAS , SAMMY 'S MEXICAN GRILL : they have been insulting me horribly , all the most horrible insults that may exist even saying that they will kill me , that they will shoot up the place , burn the business , put a bomb . DULCE MASCAREÑO , REPORTER , UNIVISION : Rivas went to the rally accompanied by her three sons and her husband , of Salvadorian origin . JORGE RIVAS , BETTY 'S HUSBAND : Maybe we do n't have the same ideas , but really the right to free speech , the right to move , the right to meet with any other person is something constitutional , protected by the Constitution of the United States .
Rivas ' husband , Jorge , provides a most eloquent defense of the couple 's – and everyone 's – right to free speech , civil tolerance and respect , including peaceful assembly . Rights that are evidently under direct attack by virulent anti-Trump agitators .
Also encouraging is that as Mascareño reports , in response to the ugly threats , the community surrounding the restaurant has rallied in support , and business at Sammy 's Mexican Grill is better than ever .
Below are relevant portions of the report , which appeared during the March 25 edition of Univision 's Edición Nocturna .
Image caption Clive Colling has been missing since New Year 's Day
About 120 people in 30 cars have joined emergency services in searching for a missing 76-year-old man .
Clive Colling has been missing from Bideford in north Devon since New Year 's Day .
Police searches involving helicopters and dogs alongside specialist mountain rescue teams from Exmoor and Dartmoor have been looking for nearly a week .
Volunteers met at Northam Burrows near Westward Ho ! to offer help trying to find Mr Colling , who has dementia .
Trevor Tomlinson , who helped organise the search over sixteen areas , said : `` He may have just got up in the night and went for a walk and got lost , I 've got no idea .
`` The local community spirit is amazing in this area and I think they all want to try and help . ''
During the day there were reports Mr Colling had been seen in a nearby cafe but it proved to be a false alarm .
Okay now that I have a forum to say out loud what I want , here is something I have always wanted .
I used to think that men matured with age . I used to think that men got more skillful with age , like you know , with talking and stuff like that . Boy , was I wrong . It seems to me that their peak was in high school .
Of course , not every guy out there is terrible . I bet there are plenty of mature and kind men out there that I have yet to meet . But , as of now , I do n't see anyone .
I 'm not looking for a guy with the nicest smile , or with the cutest pickup line . I 'm not looking for a guy with the nicest washboard abs , or with the biggest biceps .
I am looking for a quality guy . And honestly , I think that 's something we all need to do . That 's somebody we all need to wait for . I do n't care any more about having arm candy . I do n't care any more about how everything ‘ looks ' on the outside .
I am looking for a man to make a god damn effort .
I do n't want a cheesy pickup line . I do n't want to be booty called . I do n't want the games . I am so , so tired of all the games .
I want a man to actually try . You think it would be easy to find , but alas I have not had much luck recently . I want a man with integrity . I want someone who respects my needs and my wishes . I want to date someone who actually treats me like I 'm a human being .
I am not an object . I am not a toy . I am a person .
And I deserve to feel wanted and needed by a man who sees me as a human . It seems ridiculous to have to write this . It seems pathetic , to say the least . You would think a strong woman could get a guy with the snap of their fingers . You would thing an independent woman would n't have to say these things .
But guess what ? We can get the guy . Us strong women can get any guy we want . But I do n't want quantity . I want quality . I want a guy who smiles at me with kindness , and looks at me with admiration . I do n't want him to look at me with hungry eyes and with a sinister smile . I do n't want lust . I want true love .
And lately I have been wondering to myself , is that too much to ask ?
I am happy to be able to announce that we are making yet another EC2 price reduction !
We are reducing the On-Demand and Reserved instance , and Dedicated host prices for C4 and M4 instances running Linux by 5 % in the US East ( N. Virginia ) , US West ( N. California ) , US West ( Oregon ) , Europe ( Ireland ) , Europe ( Frankfurt ) , Asia Pacific ( Tokyo ) , Asia Pacific ( Singapore ) , and Asia Pacific ( Sydney ) regions .
We are also reducing the On-Demand , Reserved instance , and Dedicated host prices for R3 instances running Linux by 5 % in the US East ( N. Virginia ) , US West ( N. California ) , US West ( Oregon ) , Europe ( Ireland ) , Europe ( Frankfurt ) , Asia Pacific ( Tokyo ) , Asia Pacific ( Singapore ) , Asia Pacific ( Sydney ) , and South America ( São Paulo ) regions .
Finally , we are reducing the On-Demand and Reserved instance prices for R3 instances running Linux by 5 % in the AWS GovCloud ( US ) regions .
Smaller reductions apply to the same instance types that run SLES and RHEL in the regions mentioned .
Changes to the On-Demand and Dedicated host pricing are retroactive to the beginning of the month ( January 1 , 2016 ) ; the new Reserved instance pricing is in effect today . During the month , your billing estimates may not reflect the reduced prices . They will be reflected in the statement at the end of the month .
The new AWS Price List API will be updated later in the month .
If you are keeping score , this is our 51st price reduction !
— Jeff ;
There are few Pokémon considered as dangerous or as odd as the creature known as Kyurem . Alien in origin , it is known for its ghastly , unnatural appearance its ferocious power and its appetite for human flesh . The legends that surround it are many , all of them sinister , the entry that follows is to be taken seriously , as the Legendary status of the creature matches its body count .
Physiology – Kyurem can best be described as draconic in terms of body shape ; however it would be unfair to say that it goes much further than an initial summary . Its entire body , including the ice it carries about its person are Alien in origin and so any attempt to truthfully categorize the creature can not be verified properly . Kyurem is believed to have crash landed to Earth on a meteor several Thousands of years before the present day and Experts that have glimpsed the creature have decided that a large portion of its body was destroyed or at least mangled in the process . The creature is tall and well built , but is feeble and seems almost withered to the point of being corpse like . It has 6 limbs in total , with typical forearms and legs of a regular dragon type-Pokémon ( suggesting a link in species ) and protruding limbs up onto the lower back that form whip-like tentacles , tipped with bioluminescent nodes .
The nodes themselves shines and shimmer and have been seen being used to lure in prey to the creatures domain before it strikes , but they also form a greater function . For all of the weight that the lumbering beast carries about its body , Kyurem can actually fly . Scientists and experts that have studied it have confirmed that these whip like tentacles on its back are some form of Alien ESP , that project a field of anti-gravity about the creatures person . In space , it would therefore have no trouble powering itself using these abilities to fly unaided through the vacuum , further emphasizing the belief that Kyurem has no need to breathe ( as no nostrils have been found upon it ) . These appendages can be used to whip , lash and carry on with tremendous strength and have been witnessed snaring men , women and children alike from their homes when the creature is feeling particularly daring .
There is , however , a downside to the creatures ease of travel though space . Whatever planet or asteroid it may have originated from , Kyurem 's body is simply not strong enough to cope with the gravity of this planet for very long at a time . It is known to take extended periods of rest and to be feeding and hunting almost all the time , showing that the constant use of its powers are a drain on its already feeble body . The beast uses it 's unique ( and believed to be Alien ) water to coat its tendrils with ice , freezing them so that they appear as vast horn-like icebergs upon its back . It is believed that through this method , the special ice creates a sort of resonating chamber for the creature 's abilities , allowing the Alien to not only stand and even run , but to levitate and , albeit poorly , fly , though this is never for very long or at a very high speed . These nodes are often glowing with an ominous amber light , creating an interesting lure amongst the barren whites and blues of its habitat .
The downside to carrying such a massive weight is that Kyurem 's body is horribly imbalanced by this feature , and so is always very low to the ground , its head sweeping the floor for small Pokémon to feed on . To remedy part of its problem , a large cluster of ice is often formed at the base of the already rotting tail to creating a counterbalance , along with a sweeping , mace-like weapon .
Kyurem 's unnatural alien metabolism and biological make-up seems also be a hindrance at times as much as a help . Its freezing interior body does not seem to work well outside of its frigid resting place and if it wanders too far from its lair , its body begins to react with the moisture in the air and freeze over . This , naturally restricts its movements , often causing angry rampages and frustration for the creature . Because of this fact , Kyurem is rarely seen outside of the Giant Chasm , and almost never during daylight hours . Indeed , it does seem to fear the suns warmth somewhat , for fear of its body parts becoming wear .
Kyurem 's head and gaping maw function much the same as the rest of its body . It does not need to breathe , but always seems to be fogging from its jaws , hinting at a freezing interior body temperature , as well as an Alien bloodstream , which has been observed to be blue in colour . A large section of Kyurem 's head is made of its unique ice , including the lower jaw and upper section of the skull , forming horns . Whether or not these are part of the skull can not be confirmed as Kyurem is believed to be a one of a kind creature and no dead specimens have ever been found .
To further promote its alien appearance , Kyurem 's sickly body is covered in bulbous sections of flesh that have irregular patterns and colouring on them . It is not known what they are for , but the Pokémon 's surreal body shape and general behaviour leave a lot of unanswered questions for scientists , along with the concern that there are more of them out there .
Behaviour – Kyurem are highly , highly aggressive creatures . Despite their lumbering frame and almost comical walking style when not hunting , they kill and maim anything that crosses their paths . As mentioned before , the amount of power it takes for the Pokémon to move natural means that to sustain it , it must eat as much as possible . Because of this , it is usually seen stalking around its known habitat for food , but is usually incapable of doing so without making its presence known . Its bitter , screeching cry will put off Pokémon and humans for many miles around it .
The Pokémon prefers to remain hidden amongst snow and ice before attacking , being surprisingly capable of lurching from hidden places as various ice and water based Pokémon enter its home . Kyurem is a known man-eater and unlike many Pokémon has no particular preference to what it eats ; it simply depends on what can run faster .
In terms of fears , the Pokémon is readily seen as an apex predator of the region , possibly one of the top in the known world because of its unique combination type . The dragon specie of Pokémon are known for their intelligence , their formidable attacking and defending strength , their legendary statuses and their ferocity . Their only known weakness known far and wide as being ice and of course , their own kind . The freezing of a dragon renders their cold blood useless in a fight and makes them slow and sluggish , open to attack . Kyurem embodies what dragons fear , it is the nightmare of their species , considered an abomination by dragon experts and masters ( known for their fanaticism and devotion to their heritage ) who readily petition for the creatures extermination .
Kyurem does , however , seem to fear the sun . This would be natural considering its ice-based body parts and its frigid based origin . It shuns heat and light and is almost never seen out in daylight , preferring to stalk and kill at night . The light also renders its luring method useless as one might imagine .
There also some mythologists that claim that the other members of the Unovan legendary group are connected to Kyurem because of their resemblance . Indeed , numerous legends about the Pokémon being linked to the other two exist as a sort of regional myth that tourism thrives upon . The existence of both Reshiram and Zekrom is a fact of course but Kyurem is still under observation , albeit from a distance . Behaviourally , experts can not tell if Kyurem 's behaviour would change around these two as it has never occurred , with Reshiram and Zekrom naturally shunning the cold that Kyurem thrives upon .
Habitat – In origin , Kyurem hails from outer space , possibly from a frigid asteroid where the low gravity would have made it a truly formidable creature indeed . But on Earth , only one habitat is known , just outside Lacunosa town in what has become known as the Giant Chasm , supposedly where it and , according to legend , Reshiram and Zekrom came to earth . The credentials of whether the legendary duo of Unova also were found this way are debatable , but the creatures icy home and meteor sight are hard to ignore , leading scientists to assume that this is indeed where the Pokémon came to earth . Inside and around the location , there is a perpetual snow storm of varying ferocities . Considering that there are many Pokémon , including legendries that can control the weather means that this is no strange occurrence , but what is considered abnormal is that this snow often finds its way inside , suggesting that the storm is not conjured by natural climes , but by the creature itself .
Considering its method of attacking and defending itself by using its frigid inner body temperature and breathe , it is no surprise that wherever it walks , Freezing temperatures kill the ground and most of the life around it . As such , the inside of the Chasm is suspected to be barren , frigidly cold and most likely scattered with the creatures kills .
Legends surrounding the giant chasm are varied , but all of them warn to stay away . It is not known if there was only one Kyurem concealed within the chasm or if there is the possibility of a second or even third . As the creature appears to be genderless , it is suspected it has no need of a mate or partner , preferring it live alone .
No other crash sites containing Kyurem or a variant of it have been found , but all sights are quickly checked and approved when meteors do hit , for fear of another being unleashed into the world . The fact that the only known living one is contained in the chasm is a blessing , as the residents of the city have not only built a vast wall to protect themselves , but shrouded it in myth so that trainers rarely venture there . None that do go after it ever return , and the Pokémon is restricted by law to be captured , as it is simply too dangerous to be contained , let alone trained .
Myths/Legends – The legends surrounding Kyurem extend to the ridiculous to the factual . The first and most prominent being the legend that surrounds Lacunosa City and the great wall erected to keep Kyurem out . It is believed that the people of the city built without the knowledge of the giant chasm and its sinister guest and that , once construction began to reach its zenith ; the slumbering dragon awoke from its crash , the machines and workers stirring it . From this legend so many years past , it is believed that as the city began to near completion , people began to go missing . It was mainly pets at first , with small meowth , Growlithe and other small mammalian Pokémon being snatched as they wandered too far into the forests . But as the weather began to change across the region , winter approached and the attacks became more daring . Kyurem was said to have snatched grown men from their beds at its boldest moments , openly attacking the city and destroying the work the people had done .
Yet as soon as it appeared , it vanished with the dawning of the sun . But this was not something the people of the city would take lightly . Indeed , after losing 12 people in one bloody night , they erected a vast stone wall in a single day , to keep the beast at bay . Despite the fact that Kyurem could easily scale the wall due to the fact it could fly , it seemed that , according to local folklore , this managed to keep Kyurem out . For what reason this is the citizens do not know , only that to this day , several hundred years later , the people of Lacunosa do not venture outside their homes after the sun goes down and their gates remain firmly shut .
The second legend is the one that follows Zekrom and Reshiram , the popular ‘ legendary ' Pokémon of the Unova region . The legend believes that when Kyurem fell to earth , it brought Reshiram and Zekrom with it and they were one a whole being . A ferocious beast to be sure , but this is again down to speculation . Whether it was the impact of the crash that shattered this Alien beast into pieces or Kyurem was simply unlucky and did not survive as well as the others we simply can not know , but what is known is that the Unovan royal family have a long history with Zekrom and Reshiram , but little to do with Kyurem .
Access to the records of the royal family is strictly forbidden to outsiders and so we can not determine whether they used to have details upon the beast , have searched for it , or tried to use its powers in the past . What is known is that due to their resemblance in attacking force , defensive strength and similar look ( especially the ‘ turbines ' of the legendary dragons ) , that they are least connected in some way , perhaps deeper than many think possible . Small cell samples of the beast reveal that it indeed somewhat older than either of the other two , but who is to know what Alien DNA measures up to when compared to carbon dating of modern times ?
Kyurem , Reshiram and Zekrom are believed to represent yin , yang and Wuji , the latter being the absence of yin and yang altogether . It is wondered by many scholars whether there might be some truth to this , the elements that they represent , the colours and attitudes that they take all seemingly pointing to a much stronger link than simple folklore dictates . The subject requires further study .
Trainer Policy – Kyurem is , by Unovan law , strictly prohibited for capture . It has obtained legendary status for the simple reason that it a viciously powerful creature , with power over nature . It plays no role in the countries law and ecology except that it needs to be restrained . Hunting orders were originally sent out , including vast rewards , but these created uproar when none of the police , trainers of military officials that went after it came back . It is deemed too powerful to kill but also too aggressive to train . Capturing is in fact possible , but training is believed to be almost impossible , hence the restraining orders on its capture as a whole .
Trainers and general civilians are forbidden from entering the giant chasm unless allowed by the Unovan government , and the residents of lacunose town enforce this rule with their military forces . Reckless trainers beware . No matter how strong you believe you are , this creature is not to be taken lightly ; it is highly aggressive , incredibly powerful and virtually unstoppable when it wants something . Avoid at all costs .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- now with 100 % more OHHOLYCRAPITS GOING TO EATMEEE ! On a serious note , this is how i see Kyurem , i hope you like it . I went a bit overboard with the pokedex entry , but i hope you like that too , I got quite into it , as i find the beast to be quite interestingThis is how I plan on doing all of my Pokémon redesigns so far , with a changing background , trainer size and full info explaining my reasons behind it in the form of a pokedex.Old FormatNew Format- Kyogre- Groudon- Rayquaza- Kyurem- Xerneas
CLOSE The Cubs are the only team projected to win more than 100 games by USA Today Sports . USA TODAY Sports
Zack Greinke # 21 of the Los Angeles Dodgers reacts in the seventh inning against the New York Mets in game five of the National League Division Series at Dodger Stadium on October 15 , 2015 in Los Angeles , California . ( Photo : Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images )
Pundits from Pittsburgh to Palm Desert have predicted the demise of the Dodgers this season .
With Zack Greinke gone , they reason , how can they possibly replace his 19 wins , not to mention his unearthly ERA of 1.66 . Furthermore , the team chose not to make a significant splash in the free agent market , passing on slugging outfielders and artful pitchers .
Woe for the boys in blue , right ?
But it would be a huge mistake to write this team off . The Dodgers can win . They can win the National League West , they can win in the playoffs and they can win it all .
Here 's why :
* They still have baseball 's best pitcher in Clayton Kershaw . He 's brilliant and he 's brilliant every year . He 's the only pitcher in baseball history to finish in the Top 3 in the Cy Young voting five consecutive years . So , you can pencil him in right away for more production . The over/under on Kershaw 's wins is 20 .
* They have the No . 1 prospect in the game , shortstop Corey Seager , who hit a blazing .337 in the 27 games he played when called up in September . No one expects him to hit .337 , but everyone in the game believes he 'll be a superstar and a middle of the order weapon .
* The Dodgers are deep , very , very deep . They have an abundance of outfielders , reliable backups both in the infield and behind the plate .
* They can boast of no fewer than seven capable outfielders , all with major league pedigree , including the mercurial Yasiel Puig , power-hitting Joc Pederson and veterans Carl Crawford and Andre Ethier .
* Chase Utley , one of the premier players of the past dozen years in Philadelphia , is the principal reserve in the infield .
* Then there 's 24-year-old Enrique Hernandez , who can play second , short , third or the outfield . His .351 average from July 1 on was the highest in the majors .
* If healthy , they have eight starting pitchers with major league experience to choose from ( Kershaw , free-agent signee Scott Kazmir , Brian Anderson , Alex Wood , Hyun-Jin Ryu , Mike Bolsinger , Carlos Frias and Brandon McCarthy ) plus Japanese ace Kenta Maeda ( 15-8 with a 2.09 ERA last season in Japan ) .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Desert Golf newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Golf news and headlines from columnist and golf writer Larry Bohannan . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-834-6052 . Delivery : Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Desert Golf Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
* They also have some highly prized minor league pitchers , most notably 19-year-old lefthander Julio Urias and 23-year-old Jose DeLeon . Both could be factors later in the season . Beyond Urias and DeLeon there are other attractive arms in the system , ones that could prove to be valuable if needed in mid-summer trades should the organization feel compelled to spur on the current team .
* They have veteran stability in first-baseman Adrian Gonzalez ( 100+ RBI seven of last nine years ) , second-baseman Howie Kendrick ( last five years his average has been between .285 and .297 ) and closer Kenley Jansen ( 133 saves over past four seasons ) .
* They can spread the offense around . The bottom part of the order ( catcher Yasmani Grandal , Pederson and either Crawford or Ethier ) can be as productive as any in baseball .
* New manager Dave Roberts figures to inject energy and enthusiasm into a clubhouse that not always had that kind of spirit and fire .
* And , of course , they still have the one and only Vin Scully !
What could go wrong ?
Pete Donovan is a Palm Desert resident and former Los Angeles Times sports reporter . He can be reached by e-mail at pwdonovan22 @ yahoo.com .
BlogsFaith , Freedom , Politics - Canada
December 15 , 2017 ( LifeSiteNews ) – The tolerance of Justin Trudeau and his progressive government has struck again , just in time for Christmas—and this time , it comes in the form of a demand that any organization seeking to apply for funding from the Canada Summer Jobs Program first give an “ attestation ” that they support an entire laundry list of far-left causes , including abortion , transgenderism , and the redefinition of marriage . This new ideological purity test will automatically exclude millions of Canadian Christians , Jews , Sikhs , and Muslims—essentially , anyone who differs from the government position on any “ progressive ” cause .
URGENT : Tell Justin Trudeau you oppose this attack on freedom of conscience . Sign the petition and send a postcard here !
Earlier this year , the Trudeau government responded to a campaign by pro-choice bloggers and the Abortion Rights Coalition of Canada by announcing that pro-life groups ( including , for full disclosure , the Canadian Centre for Bio-Ethical Reform , where I serve as communications director ) would no longer be eligible for funding under the Canada Summer Jobs Program . The program was intended to create jobs for students , and any business or non-profit could hire students between the ages of 15 and 30 . But any organization that dissents from Canada 's abortion regime—which permits the procedure throughout all nine months of pregnancy—were no longer eligible due to their pro-life beliefs .
Trudeau and his government of social justice warriors have evidently decided that their initial decision did n't go far enough , and have now expanded this ridiculous ideological purity test to include the demand for a de facto loyalty oath to a progressive manifesto . The Canada Summer Jobs Program used to simply be a government initiative to give students a short-term paying job—now , it 's simply a funnel for the Liberals to award cash to their friends and others who subscribe to their very specific set of ideological beliefs . The government laid out their position quite clearly :
In order to receive federal Canada job grants , employers must attest that : both the job and the organization 's core mandate respect individual human rights in Canada , including the values underlying the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms as well as other rights . These include reproductive rights and the right to be free from discrimination on the basis of sex , religion , race , national or ethnic origin , colour , mental or physical disability , sexual orientation , or gender identity or expression .
It 's worth noting that most charity work in Canada is done by religious groups and churches . From homeless shelters to food banks , religious Canadians of all stripes do much to make the lives of their less fortunate neighbors better . Unfortunately for them , they will now be denied access to this government program—because the same religious beliefs that spur on their essential work also renders them ineligible . Aside from the United Church of Canada—which is far too busy selling off its abandoned churches to hire students , anyway—very few faith-based non-profits will be able to hire students through this program .
Justin Trudeau has created a two-tiered system—if you believe in abortion-on-demand throughout all nine months of pregnancy , if you believe in the brand-new gender ideologies currently sweeping through our institutions—basically , if you believe that fundamental tenets of nearly every major faith tradition are false , hateful , and discriminatory—then you are eligible for government funding . But if you 're not willing to attest to the government that you believe precisely the same things that they do on every issue , you 're out of luck .
URGENT : Tell Justin Trudeau you oppose this attack on freedom of conscience . Sign the petition and send a postcard here !
It 's truly repulsive that Canada 's Liberal government would inform millions of Canadians that if their beliefs differ from the current dogmas of the state , that they are not permitted to access the same opportunities offered to others . The intolerance of Liberal tolerance is truly a sight to behold : If you 're Muslim , or Sikh , or Jewish , or Christian—your organization is welcome to apply to the Canada Summer Jobs Program . But first , you simply have to provide a statement declaring that you hold all of the same positions as Justin Trudeau .
Sunny ways , my friends . Sunny ways .
RELATED : Canada wo n't fund student summer jobs unless employers support abortion
STOKE CITY have submitted its retained list to the Premier League following the conclusion of the 2014/15 season .
The Potters can confirm Andy Wilkinson , Thomas Sorensen and Wilson Palacios will all depart the Britannia Stadium when their contracts expire on 30th June .
Wilkinson has served the Club for 15 years , making 194 appearances for his boyhood team after making his first-team debut back in October 2001 .
Sorensen racked up 129 appearances over seven years after joining on a free transfer from Aston Villa in July 2008 whilst Palacios played 53 times following his switch from Tottenham Hotspur in August 2011 .
Nine of the Under-21s squad have also been released following the expiration of their contracts , whilst George Waring , Peter Skapetis , Joel Taylor and Mason Watkins-Clark have been made contract offers to stay with the Club .
Four scholars have also been offered their professional contracts ; Yusuf Coban , Liam Edwards , Daniel Gyollai and Johnville Renee-Pringle .
The Club would like to thank those departing for their efforts and wish them all the best for the future .
Contract Players ( retained list )
Adam , Charles
Arnautovic , Marko
Barber , Ben
Bachmann , Daniel
Bardsley , Phil
Begovic , Asmir
Butland , Jack
Cameron , Geoff
Crouch , Peter
Diouf , Mame
Dryden , Edward
Eve , Dale
Huth , Robert
Ireland , Stephen
Krkic , Bojan
Lecygne , Eddy
Muniesa , Marc
Ness , Jamie
Nzonzi , Steven
Odemwingie , Peter
O'Reilly , Ryan
Pieters , Erik
Shawcross , Ryan
Shenton , Oliver
Sidwell , Steve
Skapetis , Peter
Taylor , Joel
Teixeira , Dionatan
Walters , Jonathan
Waring , George
Watkins-Clark , Mason
Whelan , Glenn
Wilson , Marc
Scholars Offered Professional Contracts
Coban , Yusuf
Edwards , Liam
Gyollai , Daniel
Renee-Pringle , Johnville
Scholars
Banks , Lewis
Brierley , Theo
Jarvis , Daniel
Kurasik , Dominic
Marques , Chris
Ngoy , Julien
Roberts , Ollie
Smith , Liam
Wells , Toby
Williams , Josh
Yao , Freddy
Free Transfers
Adeloye , Tomi
Alabi , James
Coulson , Sam
Grant , Alex
Palacios , Wilson
Parry , Robbie
Ricketts-Hopkinson , Nathan
Sorensen , Thomas
Thomas , Adam
Ward , Charlie
Wilkinson , Andy
Wheeler , Elliot
* Philipp Wollscheid and Jakob Haugaard officially become Stoke City players on 1st July .
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Andrea Pirlo says the recent plight of Premier League clubs in the Champions League wo n't last .
The Italian legend , 36 , could be about to play his final game in the big time for Juventus against Lionel Messi 's Barcelona in the Champions League final in Berlin this Saturday .
And he believes the likes of Chelsea , Manchester United , Arsenal and Manchester City will soon end their barren run - because they play in the best league of all .
Pirlo , whose autobiography is called “ I think , therefore I play ” , speaks of ex-United midfielder Paul Pogba and Sir Alex Ferguson , the “ worst ” feeling of his life - losing to Liverpool in Istanbul in 2005 - and how to stop Messi on Saturday .
But first , English form in Europe .
This season , Man City , Arsenal and Chelsea tumbled at the last 16 stage while Liverpool did not make it out of their group .
The previous year , Chelsea reached the last four and United the last eight . And the 2012-13 campaign was a disaster , with two clubs eliminated in the group stage and two in the last 16 .
The heady days of Chelsea beating Man United in the all-English final of 2008 and Premier League head-to-heads in the semis are long gone .
( Image : Getty )
English clubs have only won the top European crown once in seven seasons , when Chelsea beat Bayern Munich three years ago , and twice in 10 .
International quality and thrills in the domestic league clearly do not translate to winning on the continent .
One reason is that the intensity of the Premier League allows little respite , with a large number of games and several sides challenging for the title .
Juve skipper Pirlo , seeking to win the European Cup for a third time , said : “ You usually find that dominance in Europe moves in cycles . Since I have been playing I have seen all major leagues in Europe dominate the Champions League .
“ The fact that English teams did n't do well this year means nothing . The top English teams will be as likely as any other team to win it next year .
“ The Premier League might not have the best team in Europe at the moment , but I still think it is the best league .
`` In terms of competitiveness and having five or six teams that are chasing for the Champions League , I do n't think anybody else has that . ”
One Premier League mystery Pirlo witnessed first hand is Ferguson failing to keep his team-mate Pogba at United .
( Image : Getty )
Pogba moved to Juve due to limited opportunities at Old Trafford and is now one of football 's hottest properties .
Pirlo added : “ If he carries on the way he is , then he will become the greatest midfield player in Europe - and at his age he could have that title for a long time .
“ I do n't understand why Manchester United let him go . If you look at their midfield now they could really use a player like him . It might have been a personal issue for Alex Ferguson , because it is clearly nothing to do with ability .
“ He ( Pogba ) has never really talked about the situation , but whatever the reasons he left , it has been great news for Juventus . ”
One United great Pirlo does admire is Paul Scholes :
“ I have been so fortunate to have played with so many incredible players throughout my career , but if I could pick one that I never got the chance to play with , it would be Paul Scholes .
“ One of the all-time greats . A genius on the field , but private - no circus around him off it . I have a lot of respect for him . ”
And what of that famous Champions League night a decade ago when Pirlo 's AC Milan side succumbed to Liverpool 's incredible comeback in Istanbul ?
( Image : Action Images )
Pirlo , who missed a penalty in the decisive shoot-out , said : “ I know what it is like to win a Champions League , but I also know what it is like to lose one .
`` The loss in Istanbul against Liverpool is not just one of the worst feelings in my career , but in my life .
“ I will think about that before Saturday , I will use that feeling as inspiration - because I never want to feel like that after a game again . ”
Liverpool v Milan in 2005 :
The Merriam-Webster dictionary has struck social media gold by trolling President Trump .
Since Trump 's inauguration , the dictionary 's official Twitter handle has doubled its audience to 454,000 followers .
At the root of its success is a steady flow of clever tweets by @ MerriamWebster directed at the President .
Some of the Merriam-Webster tweets fact-check the president . Some correct his malapropisms or fill in the blanks . It 's trolling heaven for lexicographers .
A series of tweets on Thursday provided a case-in-point .
When Trump claimed he coined the phrase `` prime the pump , '' Merriam-Webster jabbed back . That phrase `` dates to the early 19th century , '' @ MerriamWebster tweeted .
The phrase 'priming the pump ' dates to the early 19th century . — Merriam-Webster ( @ MerriamWebster ) May 11 , 2017
Related : The dictionary that 's one of Trump 's funniest fact checkers
Then , Trump insisted in a tweet that `` Russia must be laughing up their sleeves '' about the outrage surrounding his decision to fire FBI Director James Comey .
Merriam-Webster was on it , ready to explain the idiom .
Some other highlights from Merriam-Webster over the past few months include explanations of Trump 's frequent use of the phrase `` big league/bigly , '' and defining the word `` fact '' after White House adviser Kellyanne Conway famously described falsehoods as `` alternative facts . ''
* whispers into the void * In contemporary use , fact is understood to refer to something with actual existence . https : //t.co/gCKRZZm23c — Merriam-Webster ( @ MerriamWebster ) January 24 , 2017
And when President Trump mistakenly used the word `` council '' instead of `` counsel '' in a Tweet -- which he deleted -- Merriam-Webster did n't miss a beat .
counsel : ⚖ a lawyer appointed to advise and represent in legal matters
council : 🙋an assembly or meeting for consultation or discussion — Merriam-Webster ( @ MerriamWebster ) May 8 , 2017
Related : Who coined 'prime the pump ' ? Definitely not Donald Trump
It 's not the stuff one would expect from a dictionary .
Merriam-Webster editor Kory Stamper told CNNMoney in January that the account is run by Lauren Naturale -- and her `` persona '' truly shines through .
Stamper added that it reflects `` the natural voice of how we talk to each other in the office . It 's the jokes we make to each other . ''
HTC ‘ Ocean Note ' aka HTC U Ultra Images Leak in Live Photos , Show Off Secondary Display
HTC 's CES 2017 offerings this year might not have brought much in terms of smartphones , but that does not mean that the company has nothing new planned for Q1 2017 . HTC took to Twitter to announce their upcoming ‘ U ' event , to be held on 12th January 2017 .
It is all about U . Join us live 12 Jan 2017 ( 3AM EST/12AM PST ) # BrilliantU https : //t.co/JFTzcvpGHn pic.twitter.com/OXJCT6ciGs — HTC ( @ htc ) January 10 , 2017
So , what can we expect HTC to unveil in this event ? Recent leaks and rumors have been building up on the HTC One X10 , which is a 5.5″ phone with a MediaTek SoC . In addition to this phone , we are likely to see the HTC ‘ Ocean Note ' aka the HTC U Ultra and the HTC ‘ Alpine ' aka the HTC U Play being revealed at the event .
The HTC U Ultra is an interesting smartphone coming from HTC , if the recent leaked images are to be believed . The device is rumored to feature a 6″ QHD display , but HTC 's selling point on the phone will likely be the secondary display on top of the main panel . Have a look below !
The HTC U Ultra likely takes inspiration from the LG V10/V20 by implementing a secondary display on top . This display will bear similar always-on functionality , app shortcuts , notifications and information widgets .
Along with the display , we also get a good look of the device from all of its sides .
The device looks like it will sport the fingerprint sensor on the front , along with capacitive buttons . The camera bump is also very clearly visible . Eagle-eyed readers will also notice that the images do not show the presence of a headphone jack on the top or the bottom , the most common places for such a jack . There 's a very good chance that the HTC U Ultra will not be sporting the 3.5mm headphone jack slot at all , unfortunately .
The leaked images also give us a glimpse a other color variants of the device as well .
The HTC U Ultra is rumored to come with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 SoC , 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage . The battery capacity is claimed to be 4,000 mAh , which sounds like a good companion for the big QHD display .
We have to wait a few more days to know more about the HTC U Ultra . Here 's hoping that HTC does not disappoint with their new lineup , especially in pricing .
What are your thoughts on the HTC ‘ Ocean Note ' U Ultra ? Let us know in the comments below !
Wine , food , football tall tales — and more wine . That 's what happens when Don Shula and Mike Ditka get together .
These NFL icons and successful entrepreneurs gathered here Wednesday to promote Ditka 's wine line — a sit-down dinner at one of Shula 's ubiquitous steakhouses that benefitted the United Way of Collier County .
Together , they huddled at the main table . Once rivals on the gridiron , now they 're old friends .
Naturally , the talk was more about football than the hospitality business .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
The short version : Shula likes the Dolphins ' free agent signings and hopes the stadium deal passes . And neither old-school legend cares much for the new rules banning tailbacks from leading with their heads outside the tackles .
“ I know what they 're trying to do , but I think Don agrees : You ca n't legislate hitting out of football , ” Ditka said . “ It does n't make any sense . ”
Added Shula : “ It 's unbelievable . ”
Shula , seated at the head of the table , pointed to a nearby picture of Larry Csonka and mused that his warhorse of a running back would n't have been too successful under these concussion-conscious regulations .
But it was a different time when these two patrolled the sidelines . Shula needs a motorized cart to get around these days , but his mind is still sharp .
Combined , Shula and Ditka coached 47 years , won 474 games ( including the playoffs ) and have hoisted the Super Bowl trophy three times as head coaches .
Both are Hall of Famers . Shula turned 83 in January ; Ditka is 10 years younger .
Shula first got to know Ditka as an innovative tight end , one who could catch and block .
Decades later , his Dolphins handed Ditka 's Bears their only loss in 1985 , preserving the '72 Dolphins ' place as the only team to win a Super Bowl with a perfect season .
Both are also powerhouses outside of football — Shula with his string of successful restaurants ( dozens nationwide ) ; Ditka juggles both steakhouses and his wine .
In partnership with Napa Valley-based Terlato , Ditka has a self-named wine line and introduced it to the Gulf Coast on Wednesday . His vintages have appropriate names like “ The Player , ” “ The Coach , ” and “ The Hall of Famer . ”
( Shula prefers the white wines , he said . )
In between sips , Shula , characteristically had a lot to say about a lot .
On the Dolphins ' flurry of offseason moves : “ They 're doing the right things . They 're trying to improve their team . Those moves , you do n't know until you line up and play for keeps . That 's what the Dolphins are trying to do , get better and be one of the elite teams . ”
Shula said seeing swaths of empty seats at Sun Life Stadium seats on game day “ bothers me . ”
He does n't like going to Dolphins games and seeing half the fans rooting for the opposition ( particularly the Patriots ) .
On what needs to happen to get the passion back for the Dolphins : “ They 've got to win . They 've got to win and be exciting . I think this guy [ Joe Philbin ] is a good coach . ”
Ditka , now a TV personality , thinks the pieces are coming into place . In particular , he had high praise for the Dolphins ' young quarterback , Ryan Tannehill .
“ I love the quarterback , ” Ditka said . “ When you look at rookie quarterbacks , I think he 's right with anybody . ”
Shula said he has n't been asked to be part of Miami 's bid to host Super Bowl L. But he supports the Dolphins ' push to gain taxpayer funding for stadium renovations .
When asked why Miami-Dade voters should OK a deal that would funnel upward of $ 200 million in tax dollars to a privately owned facility , Shula said this :
“ It 's going to give them the opportunity to see the best football . They keep the Dolphins there and they get the stadium , and they hopefully will get Super Bowls . Everybody wants to come to Miami . I 'm in favor of the Dolphins doing everything they can to help them get that Super Bowl . ”
The consequences of Viktor Bout 's business stretch from Afghanistan to Colombia . For nearly two decades , Bout allegedly peddled arms to some of the world 's poorest countries so they could fight its most devastating wars .
Yet he also reportedly transported UN peacekeepers to Somalia , flew cargo to Iraq for the US government , and delivered flowers from South Africa to Dubai .
Many arms dealers today have no identifiable ideology . They have no enduring allegiances . And they believe in no greater political cause . They represent a nihilism that seeks consolation by making money through any means available - legal and illegal , moral and immoral .
Bout was arrested in Thailand after trying to sell weapons to US undercover agents posing as members of the Colombian rebel group FARC . He was eventually extradited to the US , however , Russian authorities are outraged that Bout - a Russian national - is now set to face trial in an American court .
Although Bout may face justice , the trade he practiced operates with the tacit sanction of nations around the world . Arms dealers are rarely held accountable , because they provide an essential service for a lucrative undertaking : war .
Law of supply and demand
During the Cold War , the struggle between the US and the Soviet Union lent conflicts in the Third World - at least on the surface - a cookie cutter ideological framework . Governments and rebels in developing nations aligned themselves with one of the superpowers in the struggle between communism and capitalism . They were rewarded for their loyalty with a reliable - but controlled - flow of military aid .
`` Until 1989 if you were a rebel in a developing country you basically worked out what side the government you 're fighting for is aligned with and you rang up either the KGB , the CIA or MI6 , '' Nicholas Marsh , an expert on the small arms trade with the Peace Research Institute Oslo , told Deutsche Welle . `` You were able to obtain arms often without having to pay for them . ''
After the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the East-West confrontation , the two superpowers lost their interest in the developing world and largely ended their generous supply of weapons .
But the bloodshed did not end . In many countries , economic profit replaced ideological persuasion as the driving factor behind conflict . This transformed war into a market-driven enterprise with a consistent demand for small arms .
During the '90s , arms dealers transported weapons from stockpiles in Eastern Europe to conflict zones
Meanwhile , the highly militarized former communist countries slid into social disorder . And their weapons stockpiles , originally intended for use against Western armies , no longer had a practical function . So poorly paid and ideologically jaded military officers turned a buck by selling state-owned arms .
Viktor Bout - who had served in the Soviet Air Force - and dealers like him saw an opportunity to link supply with demand . They seized that opportunity and began to build an illicit arms brokering network from the ground up .
UN Security Council documents report Bout acquired a fleet of old Anotov aircraft to run weapons out of the former Eastern Block into arms-embargoed countries such as Angola , Liberia and Sierra Leone . In these war zones , armed groups finance their weapons purchases through proceeds acquired from the sale of diamonds , oil and other natural resources .
`` It 's a global business like any other governed by the laws of supply and demand , '' Hugh Griffiths , an expert on small arms with the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute , told Deutsche Welle . `` Viktor Bout is right that he is just a businessman . He was n't lying when he said that . There are 30 to 40 other individuals just like Viktor Bout . ''
The dealers often share common characteristics : They 're former pilots , have ties to the military , are good at math and speak several languages .
`` They 're gamblers ; they 're attractive personalities in that they 're amusing , '' said Griffiths , who has interviewed arms dealers while conducting field research for the UN , the EU and numerous governments . `` They 've worked in Africa so they have a different view of the worth of human life and what life is all about , unlike comfortable Europeans who do n't understand how cheap life can be . ''
Legal twilight zone
While human life often comes cheap in conflict regions , arms are expensive and highly valued . The trade itself exists in a legal twilight zone where the weapons from legitimate deals often seep into the black market .
`` It 's a mix of legitimate , semi-legitimate or illegitimate that can bring huge masses [ of arms ] , '' Michael Ashkenazi , an expert on the small arms trade at the Bonn International Center for Conversion , told Deutsche Welle . `` Its a very diverse , very dynamic , very hard to trace market . Trying to make sense of the whole thing is very difficult other than in general terms . ''
Small arms can escalate conflict and destabilize developing nations
Legally purchased arms often leave state stockpiles through bribes . False end-user certificates , which document who will ultimately use the weapons , are then forged . Dealers transport the arms by manipulating lax air traffic control systems in the developing world . Flights are diverted mid-route or the plane 's name and registration are simply changed .
`` As far as states are concerned , proper documentation has to be submitted , '' Griffiths said . `` It 's easy to falsify the documents . You do n't need that high level of a connection because there 's a willingness to sell stockpiled product . There 's low-level corruption everywhere . ''
Since arms float between legality and illegality in nations with a low level of governance and high levels of corruption , the trade itself can not be clearly designated a crime . Although arms themselves do not necessarily create the problem , they do make it much worse .
`` The problem is that - to put it very bluntly - an escalation of arms in a state or society that is fragile for other reasons is likely to create a problem of a great many victims , '' Ashkenazi said . `` It 's not that arms themselves create the problem . It 's that if the problem is there and the arms are there then the problem is likely to become bloody . ''
Hear no evil , see no evil
While most states acknowledge the destabilizing impact of small arms on fragile societies , experts suspect states are complicit in the very problem they condemn .
Although the US and the EU have relatively stringent export laws , second-tier producers such as Serbia , Ukraine , China , Turkey and Iran are often less scrupulous . But even the US and Russia tolerate the Bouts of the world so long as they keep a low profile .
Bout crossed US interests when he tried to sell weapons to FARC
Washington seriously targeted Bout only after allegations surfaced that he had supplied weapons to the Taliban . He crossed US interests one too many times when he tried to sell weapons to the Colombian rebel group FARC , which Washington considers a terrorist group .
`` Bout was caught because he pissed off the Americans and not because anyone thought he was a bad guy , '' Ashkenazi said . `` Everyone knew he was a bad guy , but suddenly he stepped on the wrong toes . Replace Bout with Mr. XYZ multiplied by a hundred and you get the number of arms brokers . ''
Meanwhile , Moscow has slammed Bout 's extradition as politically motivated and wants him returned to Russia . Accessing weapons stockpiles often requires contacts with state military and intelligence officials . Bout may have sensitive connections with intelligence agencies in Russia .
`` There 's sort of a national issue in not wanting to see a high-profile citizen tried abroad , '' Marsh said . `` There are rumors of Bout having close connections to Russian intelligence . I do n't know the extent to which those are true . If that were the case and Bout were to be tried presumably these things would come out . ''
Bout will face justice not because he allegedly sold weapons , but because he sold them to the wrong people at the wrong time . Scores of men like him continue to manipulate a legal twilight zone to sell small arms globally . They are , after all , supplying a demand .
`` It 's a market need , '' Griffiths said . `` This is the market we have created and these people are fulfilling a service and a function that a range of actors and agencies feel is necessary to use . ''
Author : Spencer Kimball
Editor : Rob Mudge
Does it matter whether the price of Bitcoin goes up or down and , in so doing , steadily or drastically ?
This is a question that both the enthusiasts who have invested their souls alongside their worth in Bitcoin and skeptics who are more than excited to hear JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon say that the cryptocurrency is going to be stopped , have had to grapple with every so often .
There was no time that this question was more relevant than in a four-day period beginning on November 2nd . This is when the Bitcoin price surprised everyone , including those who thought they had mastered its trends ( Wedbush Securities has revised its 12-month Bitcoin price projection from US $ 400 to US $ 600 . ) , by whooshing from about $ 320 to almost hitting the $ 500 mark ( as a matter of fact , it did hit on some exchanges such as the Chinese Huobi ) .
Xtapol , a Reddit user , “ Price matters for a number of reasons , but the biggest is that the utility of Bitcoin is directly related to the market cap – higher value means more liquidity available for transactions . It ca n't possibly be widely used if the entire system can only store $ 7B worth of value . ”
And as fast as it had gone up , the price deflated back to the regions where the surge began . This is too much volatility even in Bitcoin standards .
The question begged for answers once more
Several theories have been floated to pin down the definitive cause of this drastic price change . They include a capital flight out of China due to new regulatory control measures . There is also a view that it was caused by an unprecedented demand for Bitcoins from MMM Global , a pyramid scheme run by Sergey Mavrodi .
Mr. Mavrodi is a Russian who has been convicted before for operating similar schemes and defrauding hundreds of thousands of their money .
Whatever the cause for the momentous swing , the question of whether Bitcoin price really means anything was once again shoved onto the faces of those who follow cryptocurrency trends . Just like before , this seemingly simple question , out of this will invite , not one , but a set of answers , all of which are valid depending on the person who is giving them .
For those watching from outside , the price might mean something especially if it is the parameter by which they measure the validity of the cryptocurrency technology . It also matters if they view Bitcoin as an investment tool they might want to be a part of or flee from .
The high volatility to some may also be a sign that Bitcoin is not fit to be a store of value , medium of exchange or even a unit of account ( in essence ; it makes it anything else but money ) .
Is Bitcoin price even relevant ?
Meanwhile , on the other hand , those who are excited about the technology will easily tell you that it is not even alright that Bitcoin 's value is defined by how much it exchanges with the dollar or any other fiat currency .
For instance , Fred Wilson , a VC with a lot of interest in bitcoin , has said in the past saying that it is the “ best thing
“ Hey , look , there 's oil here ! ” Photo by Shutterstock/alphaspirit
If you 're hoping to deny the reality of global warming , things are n't looking so good for you right now . A couple of events are making it ever more clear that those vocal about it are in trouble . Deservedly .
The first big item is that solar physicist Wei-Hock “ Willie ” Soon appears to be firmly in the pocket of fossil fuel interests . He is not a climate scientist , but he 's published papers linking changes in the Sun 's output to Earth 's temperature , claiming that it 's the Sun heating us up , not human-generated carbon dioxide .
His claims about the science have been pretty thoroughly torn apart by climate scientists dating back as far as 2003 and have also been refuted on the Skeptical Science site as well . Despite the claims , the Sun 's output has marginally decreased in recent years , while temperatures on Earth go up .
Greenpeace obtained FOIA documents showing Soon received more than $ 1 million of funding from Big Oil over the past few years . A funding source is n't necessarily damning , except for two things . One is that Soon neglected to mention his funding in nearly a dozen papers he 's published , and that is a huge , huge , no-no in science . If you have a potential conflict of interest , you report it .
The other is that given that his science has been refuted , coupled with his funding , his repeated claims that human CO 2 pollution is n't causing global warming are pretty suspicious . When you find out his funding has come from Exxon , the American Petroleum Institute , and the Koch brothers , well , yikes .
What I find funny is that groups like the Heartland Institute—remember them , when they likened climate scientists to ruthless dictators and serial killers ? —are defending Soon , when they were screaming bloody murder over the ridiculous “ Climategate ” nontroversy . For denial groups like them it 's all about sowing doubt .
But this is where we are today . The science is in , it 's extremely clear , and the consensus among climate scientists is solid . If your political stance is based on nonsense , and you 're called out , all you can rely on is doubling down , making lots of noise over nothing , or making increasingly embarrassing stunts . You certainly ca n't rely on reality , because you 've long since left that behind .
It ca n't help that the film Merchants of Doubt comes out this week . The documentary , based on the book by Naomi Oreskes , outlines the shenanigans pulled by climate change deniers over the years . Hopefully it will raise awareness about them and their tactics .
Is it hot in here , or is just the planet ? Photo by Shutterstock/Eunika Sopotnicka
Speaking of which , the second item causing deniers to sweat comes from Google . I recently wrote that the search engine is now using curated results when people search on vaccine-preventable diseases , to prevent the rampant spread of misinformation .
It seems Google may be preparing to use this science-based method of ensuring evidence-based results into other arenas , including climate change . Right now , Google uses various methods to rank search engine results , including the number and “ authority ” of sites that link to other sites . But this method is easy to game , giving pseudo- or anti-science sites higher credence in Google 's results page . Researchers at Google have published a paper proposing instead using “ knowledge-based trust , ” where the facts of the site are compared to what is commonly known to be true among trusted sources . As New Scientist says , “ Facts the web unanimously agrees on are considered a reasonable proxy for truth. ” You can claim , for example , that the Earth if flat , and get links from popular sites about it , but in this new system you wo n't get much Google love . As you should n't .
This has climate change deniers worried . As they should be . Since they rely on ridiculous , oft-debunked claims , their Google ranking could drop .
I 'll note that this new methodology is somewhat worrisome , since it still relies in some ways on a notion that if a majority of authorities agree on something , people who disagree could be shut down . In the paper , the researchers discuss ways the algorithm would need to improve . But it 's still , in theory , possible to game the system .
But it is rather comical to me , in a schadenfreude kind of way . Google wants to base search results on expert scientific consensus ? Yes , that very well should give climate change deniers an existential frisson of fear .
One could even say that , for them , there really is a chill in the air .
A five-minute spin through the Drudge Report these days is a paranoid journey through a world where Michelle Obama is always downing junk food on the same day she talks against obesity , where Al Gore is always fat , where conferences on global warming are always cancelled by blizzards , and where most of his conservative readers think the name of the Homeland Security secretary is n't `` Janet Napolitano '' but `` Big Sis . '' Of all those things , the non-stop hectoring of the First Lady is most emblematic of what Drudge has become since the moment in 2008 when it dawned on people that America was electing a president with Clinton 's center-left politics who happened to be black . Since then , Drudge has failed to miss an opportunity to not only remind his readers of the president 's skin color but to link Barack or Michele Obama to rap artists or to crimes committed by black perps in his hometown now called `` Chicagoland , '' to to use his talent in jumbling links to intersperse stories about bad poll numbers for the president or going after the OIympics with random murders in the inner city .
John , by the grace of God , King of England , Lord of Ireland , Duke of Normandy and Aquitaine , Count of Anjou
In 1199 King John inherited not only the British throne , but also extensive lands in Western France , acquired by his father Henry II through inheritance , war and circumstance , and defended during his reign by his brother Richard I against the King of France . During much of his reign John was at war with France , and by the time of his death in 1216 the French empire was substantially lost .
As a feudal king , John was landlord of his entire empire . The occupiers of the great rural estates , the barons , were tenants of the king , and held the land in return for allegiance to the crown . This entailed providing military support , and the payment of a complex system of taxes to secure favours and privileges : land , position , release from law or custom . The king 's taxes filtered down to others in rents , duties and fines .
King John exploited and abused the traditional sources of revenue . Desperate for money to wage wars in defence of his estates , John demanded unprecedented amounts in ‘ scutage ' , or money from his tenants in lieu of providing knights for the king 's service . He was intemperate and at times cruel in his manner of enforcing his rights from his land-holders and from the church , and unjust in his treatment of people at all levels . There was no redress against the absolute power of the king .
Barons who resisted paying the excessive levies had their lands confiscated and members of their families taken as hostages . By 1215 rebel barons outnumbered those loyal to John . They united and marched on London from the north and captured the Tower of London on 17 May 1215 .
Weakened by a major defeat against the French at Bouvines in July 1214 , and disagreements with the Pope , John agreed to negotiate , using Archbishop Stephen Langton as an intermediary . In drawing up a list of demands , the barons looked to earlier times , when kings granted ‘ ancient liberties ' in the form of agreements to limitations of their arbitrary powers .
On a meadow at Runnymede , between the king 's court at Windsor and the barons ' camp at Staines , during a week in mid June of 1215 , the barons and the king met and agreed to terms which were recorded as a charter of liberties , later known as Magna Carta . The barons pledged fealty to the king , and the king swore that he and his heirs would abide by the conditions of the Charter , ‘ in all things and places forever ' .
Tomb of King John . Photograph by Mr Christopher Guy , Cathedral Archaeologist . Reproduced by permission of the Chapter of Worcester Cathedral ( UK ) .
A third mental health professional deemed UC Berkeley student Pablo Gomez Jr. , 22 , mentally competent during a Monday morning hearing at the René C. Davidson Courthouse .
Dr. Amy Watt , who conducted a tie-breaking competency test after two previous mental health professionals offered differing opinions during an earlier March 20 hearing , concluded that Gomez was mentally competent to stand trial .
After Judge Jon Rolefson read Watt 's findings , Rolefson reinstated criminal proceedings and set a pretrial hearing date for Gomez 's case May 18 .
Gomez was arrested Jan. 7 in connection with the stabbing of Kiana Lailin Schmitt and the murder of Emilie Inman , a 27-year-old South Berkeley resident . Gomez was charged on four felony counts of murder , attempted murder , assault with a deadly weapon and first-degree robbery .
Gomez 's arraignment was originally scheduled Feb. 6 , but was postponed after an altercation broke out at the courthouse prior to the hearing .
Rolefson said Gomez was in the courthouse building during the hearing , but Gomez was not present in the courtroom while Rolefson offered his remarks .
The hearing was delayed by approximately 90 minutes because of an earlier May Day protest across the street in Oakland . Gomez 's hearing lasted less than five minutes .
“ Most deputy sheriffs are across the street dealing with a protest , so court is moving a little slower , ” Rolefson said at the hearing .
Contact Ella Jensen at [ email protected ] and follow her on Twitter at @ ellajensen_dc .
I wanted to take a moment to expand on LikeAChamp 's article about the five common mistakes new players need to avoid .
People always ask , who do I farm ? The sheer volume of characters available to new players is enough to make a new players head spin . When I first joined the Alliance I met some really awesome mentors who helped guide me down my free to play path . They always told me :
Arena > Scoundrels > Raid > everything else
Meaning take care of arena first !
Why is arena so important ?
Well arena grants you your lifeblood in the game , crystals ! You can use these on refreshes for energy , rare character shards , and gear !
Consider this . The difference in payout between finishing in the Top 100 and the Top 5 is 275 crystals . Over the course of a week this is a difference of almost 2000 crystals ! Raid pieces can be bought in shipments for 1400 crystals !
Moral of this story , from the moment you start your account to the time you are taking # 1 with regularity , you need to be focused on your arena team .
Now , what about Scoundrels ?
Scoundrels are also important in the grand scheme of SWGOH . They are required for crit chance mods and also for credit heists . As a beginner player , this faction can be a utility knife in most aspects of the game . Unlocking and gearing your scoundrels is extremely important for any new player .
But but I want to focus on my raid teams and I will never catch up in my arena shard ! ! !
Think of it this way , you will spend so much more time building your raid teams out than if you focused on arena first and used your winnings to help gear your raid team . When you first start out , take your crystals and reinvest them back into your arena team . After you are regularly taking number one in arena and you have completed the crit chance mods challenge , start investing in your raid teams . But if your arena team starts falling , spend some time tweaking your arena team before you go back to raids .
This game is a grind , and resource management is key !
Winter is coming early on Once Upon a Time .
ABC 's fairy-tale drama heads into its fourth season with a chilly 11-episode arc that introduces the beloved characters from Disney 's Oscar-winning ( and buzzy ) animated blockbuster Frozen such as Elsa ( Georgina Haig ) , Anna ( Elizabeth Lail ) and Kristoff ( Scott Michael Foster ) into the Once universe . It 's a decision co-creator and executive producers Adam Horowitz and Eddy Kitsis hope pays dividends .
`` There 's always pressure when you 're making a show to try to outdo yourself , and I think in this case , there 's a huge amount of — not just pressure , but responsibility that we feel , '' Horowitz tells The Hollywood Reporter . `` These are beloved characters who we want to do justice and we 're doing our best and we 're very excited about what we 've come up with . ''
Ahead of the Sept. 28 return , Horowitz and Kitsis talked to THR about the pressures of folding in the Frozen universe in an organic way , the aftermath of Elsa 's unexpected Storybrooke debut , the future of Emma and Captain Hook 's romance and much more .
Can you clarify the timeline for the new season ?
Adam Horowitz : Without giving the exact date , which we do n't have in front of us , we are roughly in early 2013 given that the show started in October of 2011 . We 've been more or less running in real time , including the year time jump . Because of that , the trailer for Frozen has n't even premiered so in the world of our show , none of the present-day Storybooke characters are aware of the Frozen mythology and universe .
Has that been a tricky tightrope to walk in terms of the audience 's knowledge versus the characters ' lack thereof ?
Eddy Kitsis : Hopefully you 're watching for the story . When I watch True Detective , I 'm not like , `` Wait , is this Thursday ? '' Hopefully the audience is n't asking what date it is , because what we do is we pick up from where we ended last year , and the way we introduce the Frozen characters into the show is pretty organic . I think that the timeline is n't really a question — what people will see is the story unfolding before them .
Horowitz : And yes , it is a slightly different approach in that starting with the pilot , everybody knew who Snow White was and that was part of Emma 's disconnect with being able to believe what was going on in Storybrooke , because she was so well aware . We 're instead approaching these characters as though they are a real part of the universe that we 've created . And while our real , old characters are n't aware of them , they are , as you will see , connected into the Once universe — and that 's really where our hopeful twist comes . We 're not trying to change these characters or redefine them , because we love the movie so much and what they did with them . We 're instead trying to surprise the audience with how they become involved with our characters and our world .
So the events of the Frozen movie took place in fairy-tale land before 2013 , since we see Elsa and Anna in Arendelle of the past preparing for Anna 's wedding to Kristoff .
Horowitz : The way to think about it is , divorce yourself from time and space as you know it and think of the world of story occurring in a timeless place . What we 're not saying is that the events of the movie took place in November of 2013 . What we 're saying is the movie came out and told the story that occurred in the land of our fairy-tale world . As far as the timeline goes , when we see Elsa arrive at the end of season three , that is an Elsa who is post the events of Frozen . Going forward , the Elsa that we are seeing in Storybrooke is someone who experienced everything you saw in that movie and is hopefully that character who is now facing a new challenge and involved in a new mystery that we intend to explain in the first episode .
The show is known for putting its own twist on iconic fairy-tale characters . Should we expect the same treatment for the Frozen gang ?
Kitsis : There are times we take liberties as we 've done with Peter Pan and other characters , but Frozen we really feel like they are so well-defined and we were so inspired by what we saw up on the screen last November , that we do n't want to change those characters . It 's much more about Anna — what we love about her is that she 's fearless and she never gives up on the people she loves . She has no problem going off into the middle of the storm to find her sister . What happens when a true believer like that gets in front of the devil himself , Rumplestiltskin , who sees the worst in everyone ? What happens with these two kinds of characters ? In fact , what happens when Elsa , who is somebody who wanted to run away , meets another character who loves to run away , Emma ? It was really about keeping the characters exactly who they were in the movie but seeing how they would interact with other characters on Once Upon a Time and telling a new story .
Love , whether it be of the romantic kind or family , is a big part of Once 's DNA . In the film , Elsa did not have a love interest , unlike Anna . What 's the likelihood Elsa will have one here ?
Kitsis : She will not . And even though we showed a clip at Comic-Con that showed that Anna was engaged to Kristoff , we can tell you that what we really responded to in Frozen was that it was about these two sisters . Our season one ended with true love 's kiss breaking between a mom and a son , and for us we 're really excited about the idea of the sisters and that story much more than Elsa finding a boyfriend .
How complicated will things get between Anna , Elsa , Kristoff and Prince Hans on Once ?
Horowitz : The relationships between all those characters — Anna , Elsa , Kristoff , Hans — we 're picking up where they were left off in the movie , so there is a complexity and conflict there . But at the core of it , the story we 're trying to tell with the Frozen characters is a story about sisters , and that 's something we want to bring to our show .
How are you ensuring that the non-Frozen characters continue to get screen time while you mine this new world ?
Horowitz : What we 're trying to do is not make the show just the Frozen show . We want to tell this Frozen story , but as you 'll see , their story is going to relate to our core characters from Once Upon a Time .
Kitsis : It was very important that it still [ feels like it 's ] Once Upon a Time . It 's not the Frozen sequel ; it is the characters from Frozen coming to Once Upon a Time . So important stories like Rumple and Belle , Hook and Emma , Regina and Robin Hood , Snow White and Charming and their baby — all those stories that we left last season are still very central to the storytelling of season four and will be explored further . Once fans can relax — we have no intentions of sidelining those stories for Frozen .
Can we expect nods to Frozen songs , like “ Do You Want to Build a Snowman ” and “ Let It Go ” ?
Horowitz : Oh , for sure ! We are huge , massive fans of that movie and we ca n't help ourselves . There are nods to many things from that movie .
Kitsis : As we say , this is the most expensive fan fiction ever .
How would you describe Elsa 's entrance into Storybrooke ? Chilly at best ?
Kitsis : I think she 's a stranger in a strange land . Elsa is from Arendelle , and she 's never seen a car before . We know that when Elsa gets frightened , ice spikes appear — so imagine when she sees this world for the first time .
Horowitz : It 's sunny in Storybrooke , but she 's bringing a cold front . It is this mash-up of two worlds . She 's never been to our world and she 's never experienced what it 's like here , and our world has never experienced anyone quite like her before .
Now you have two queens in Storybrooke . Will one of the main conflicts this season be Regina and Elsa battling for power ?
Horowitz : It 's not that it 's jockeying for power , it 's more about …
Kitsis : There 's a mystery .
Horowitz : And it 's hard to answer your question without spoiling , but I 'll try . When Elsa arrives , it signifies the start of a mystery that needs to be explored and answered . And the repercussions of that mystery reach out and touch everyone , and you 'll see it affects everyone from Regina to Emma to Rumplestiltskin .
At Comic-Con , a scene from the season-four premiere showed Regina recruiting an old friend , The Mirror , to help her get rid of Elsa . So who 's the biggest threat to Regina , Marian or Elsa ?
Kitsis : The bigger threat in her mind is definitely Marian . We 've shown three seasons of growth for the Evil Queen , and now she 's really faced with her first emotional setback , which is she thinking she had her happy ending . And when you go back and look at the finale last year , you see her and Robin Hood coming to that party . For the very first time on the show , [ Regina ] really looked happy , and that 's been taken away . So for us , it 's a now what ? The old Regina would immediately rip everyone 's heart out . Will this Regina revert to heart wrecking , or will she evolve ? And we 're going to find that out quickly in the premiere . But Regina is also going to be launched on a new quest with Henry this year . We 've seen Henry in Operation Cobra with Emma , but we 're going to see a new one with Regina that we 're very excited about . And this is actually one that will transcend , although the first 11 will be Frozen , this is an arc that will go the whole season .
In the finale , Emma and Captain Hook seemed to be taking their relationship to the next level . Is season four their attempt at being a “ normal ” couple ?
Horowitz : There 's no chance that Emma — the daughter of Snow White and Prince Charming — and Captain Hook will ever be a normal couple , but their feelings obviously reached a new boiling point at the end of last season . And we 're going to continue to explore those feelings , and we 're going to continue to explore how they can or ca n't get closer .
Kitsis : But in a real way . Emma has had a lifetime of putting up walls , so one kiss does not mean love and [ let 's ] go register at Pottery Barn . As for Hook , we 're going to see some old rivalries . We ca n't forget that as much as he loves Emma and has done the right thing for her , we 've seen him do horrible things in the past because he 's a pirate . He and Rumplestiltskin unfortunately are going to find their detente coming to an end .
How is Snow and Charming adapting to being parents to a newborn ?
Horowitz : That 's also something we 're interested in exploring and showing . Being parents is a challenge and we want to , in a real way , show that . But it 's for them this strange thing of they 've been parents before but they 've never been parents at this stage . The last time they had a baby they put her in a wardrobe , and I think that 's going to affect everything , from how they parent baby Neal to how Emma reacts to their parenting and how they interact with Emma . It 's hopefully an interesting , new dynamic for all of them .
How deep in the doghouse will Rumplestiltskin be with Belle when she finds out the truth ?
Horowitz : I would not want to be him when she does .
How will Michael Socha 's Will Scarlet/Knave of Hearts be incorporated into the Once world ?
Kitsis : We 're going to get a little taste of Michael in the first 11 [ episodes ] — glimpses of him . But Michael 's character , as we remember , was a disgraced member of the Merry Men , and Robin Hood is very much alive living in Storybrooke . So we 're going to see them reunite . Obviously for people who watched [ Once Upon a Time in ] Wonderland , they are like , `` Wait , he had his happy ending . He went off with the Red Queen . '' We are going to tell that story , what happened and what brought him back to Storybrooke . And that will probably be in the later half in the season , and it will be done in a way that if you 've never seen Wonderland , we 're going to fill in the blanks . We 're also going to find out that he has an interesting connection to another character from the past , from season one of Storybrooke .
Horowitz : For those who never saw Wonderland , he gets his own introduction this season , and you 'll see how he 's folded into [ the universe ] …
Kitsis : But he 's at his core a thief and the sheriff , so they 'll meet in an interesting way .
Once Upon a Time premieres Sept. 28 on ABC .
Email : Philiana.Ng @ THR.com
Twitter : @ insidethetube
It is now well understood that the fecal microbiota change substantially following FMT , typically shifting to fecal microbial communities more similar to those of the donor after transplant [ 2-8 ] . Here we show that these communities shift away from a dysbiotic state towards a composition that is representative of fecal microbial communities from hundreds of healthy individuals , collected in the HMP [ 19 ] . Similarly to previous studies [ 4-8 ] , the dysbiotic state in these patients with multiply recurrent CDI is characterized by a large expansion of Proteobacteria ( primarily members of the order Enterobacteriales , which contains the family Enterobacteriaceae ) , and FMT is associated with reemergence of dominance by members of the Bacteroidetes and Firmicutes phyla .
Analysis of multiple donor and post-FMT samples demonstrates the dynamic behavior of fecal microbial communities over time . Both donor and recipient samples are characterized by highly dynamic shifts that nonetheless remain within the compositional range of normal fecal microbiota . This observation is consistent with known rapid responsiveness of the fecal microbiome to environmental inputs , such as dietary variations [ 11 ] , and drifts in microbiota composition over time in healthy individuals [ 22 ] .
The dynamic nature of intestinal microbiota is an intrinsic property , which should be taken into account when considering how therapeutic interventions , including FMT , impact its composition over time . In long-term post-FMT follow-up , Song and colleagues also noted dynamic changes in the fecal microbiome of R-CDI patients up to 16 weeks post-FMT [ 9 ] . These investigators concluded that the fecal microbiome of post-FMT patients did not fully recover over this time , despite clinical recovery . Indeed , we observed divergence of microbiome in some of the patients away from the original implanted material over time . However , analysis of multiple donor samples showed that this movement is within the same dynamic range observed in the donor 's fecal microbiome . We therefore conclude that the dynamic behavior of microbiota needs to be taken into account in making comparisons between individuals , and should become an integral part of analysis of the success of FMT .
Three of the recipients in this study received freshly prepared microbiota , while one received frozen/thawed preparation . Use of frozen microbiota preparations is increasing in clinical practice [ 23 ] , and its equivalency has not been rigorously established in randomized clinical trials . The ability to store microbiota allows the most up-to-date testing of the donor and fecal material for infectious pathogens , as some of the current tests may take several weeks to complete . Therefore , ability to preserve donor microbiota long-term is critical for its development as a therapeutic agent in clinical practice . Our results here , although limited in the number of patients , demonstrate indistinguishable behavior of fresh and frozen/thawed microbiota preparation .
The patients in this study did not have any significant gastrointestinal comorbidities . However , a significant proportion of patients with recurrent CDI have underlying inflammatory bowel disease , take potent immunosuppressive medications , or have multiple other medical problems [ 18,24 ] . The importance of these host factors in contributing to microbiota behavior is currently unknown , but is a subject of great interest [ 25 ] . Understanding these influences will require analysis of multiple samples . Recently , Fuentes and colleagues [ 8 ] reported that some specific microbial groups and interactive networks are likely to be very important for the maintenance of microbiota in healthy individuals . However , although there is a great deal of effort focused on discovery of compositional differences in microbiota between normal subjects and individuals with different gastrointestinal and medical conditions , the dynamic behavior of fecal microbiota constitutes another dimension that may distinguish these cases . Thus , predictors of stable or dysbiotic intestinal microflora may also change over time . Further detailed studies of dynamic behavior of post-FMT microbiota may improve our understanding of causal connections between microbial communities and different disease states .
She sent her red pieces against the white , disrupting the patterns of their movement . A red pawn caught the attention of a bishop , which in turn called in a knight . The red pawn was a ghost—a phantom trace to nowhere , sacrificial and harmless . More red pawns were intercepted by more white bishops . A frenzy of white knights attacked enemies that did n't exist , and a hole opened in the server 's defenses . She sent in a rook and the chessboard collapsed .
She was in .
…Access granted .
Sometimes in real-life , as in the high-stakes cyberstruggles between the Corps and Runners of the Android universe , one split-second makes all the difference between getting what you want and getting slagged . This is the case today , December 1st , as we punch through corporate servers and unlock a preview of The Worlds of Android .
With just enough time for us to rez it before the special The Worlds of Android pre-order window closes—and your opportunity to upload a copy of The Worlds of Android Pre-Order Premium is forever lost in the ether—Android universe co-creator Dan Clark provides us a look at the setting 's namesake androids and how they serve as windows to the soul .
Can a machine think ?
Can it reason , compare , contrast , and respond ?
What are the parameters for true intelligence ?
Story time : Years ago , FFG released a die roller app for our Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay system on iOS .
“ But where , ” the outcry came , “ is the Android version ? ”
I wanted to post an April Fool 's announcement in response : “ Well , there are no dice in the Android board game , but people really wanted a die roller app for it , so we changed the rules and are now releasing an Android dice roller app . In iOS . ”
Thankfully , we did n't do that . But at the time , for me , the incident offered me a nostalgic glance back at my most-beloved game and most-beloved setting , one to which I never expected to return . Boy , was I wrong .
By now , you probably know the rest of the story : Android novels , followed by heist-game Infiltration , followed by Android : Netrunner—each offered another chance for us to visit the setting and look at it from a new angle . Over the course of time , it became obvious that the Android setting had legs , that we loved to play in it , and our fans loved to explore it with us . The Worlds of Android setting book was the next obvious step .
As the setting has gone through its many iterations , it has evolved . Some things have just flat-out changed from first appearance to final form , but others have been consistently core to the stories , with small refinements , for years and years—mostly , and I think most importantly , the androids that give the setting its name .
`` Neural conditioning : A term for the process of using ( usually non-invasive ) BMI technology to stimulate a clone brain , which shapes its connectome , until it matches the desired braintape . ''
The androids—the bioroids of Haas-Bioroid and the clones from Jinteki Biotech—are absolutely fundamental to the setting and to many or even most of the stories that we tell within our games and books . They 're a reflection of us and our society , and a vehicle by which we explore the Android universe 's main themes .
THE CONSTRUCTION OF BIOROIDS …The actual construction of a bioroid begins with a series of braintapes , or digital models of the human mind . Each braintape is unique , and Haas-Bioroid 's computational neuroscientists distill and synthesize the desired skill sets and personalities from each in a process called neural channeling . This forms the blueprint for the bioroid 's optical brain , a complex network of linked microcom- puters that forms a series of neural path- ways similar to a human connectome—a diagram of all the neural connections on a cellular level . These microcomputers are what give the bioroid its personality as well as its ability to learn and adapt…
Androids are like us , but different . They 're tools created by gargantuan megacorps , and they 're tools by which we can explore what it means to be human .
Clones have mostly human DNA and have bodies very similar to ours , but their brains are different . Additionally , their conditioning makes them surprisingly alien in manner and thinking . In some ways , a clone may have more in common with a dog than with a human being .
Bioroids have bodies that only vaguely resemble a human being , but their artificial brains are lovingly-crafted copies of the real thing .
Here we have questions : Which is more human , the clone or the bioroid ? And how human-like do either of these androids have to be before we find ourselves observing a distinction with no real difference ? If one of the themes of Android is the question of what it is to be human , then androids are the most obvious example of that theme in action . ( But not they 're not the only example… There 's also cyberware , g-modding , transhumanism , the Temple of the Liberated Mind , and plenty of other stuff , too ! )
The androids of our future are useful tools for exploring the rifts in our society today—the `` othering '' of minority groups , racial hatred , religious hatred , discriminatory hatred of all sorts , and all the old prejudices that the Android setting has thankfully outgrown . By making androids the oppressed minority , they become a stand-in for many social ills of today , and a vehicle for commentary .
If one of the themes of Android is that the more things change , the more they stay the same , then androids let us emphasize both sides of that equation . Androids are emblematic of how profoundly the world of Android has changed from the one we know today , and the hatreds and controversies surrounding them are the same as ( or at least can serve as stand-ins for ) the social issues with which we 're familiar .
Finally , androids allow us to examine the ages-old question of science-fiction : does technology improve human lives or diminish them ? The question does n't have a simple answer , and androids show this . On the one hand , they 're incredibly useful and helpful , able to perform jobs too dangerous for humans , able to maintain perfect focus and function in stressful situations over the long term ( think at-home medical care ) , and flat out more capable than humans in certain arenas . On the other hand , they come with a massive social cost , from the wave of unemployment created by their ubiquity to the ethical concerns that revolve around the ownership , buying , and selling of creations that might just be considered human .
There 's a reason that the only full-length trilogy of Android novels features an android as the protagonist . Androids , more than anything else , are the most fascinating and compelling centerpiece of the Android setting . At least , that 's my argument . What do you think ?
: :WARNING : : DESTROYER-CLASS SENTINEL DETECTED !
There 's little time left . It 's December 1st , and The Worlds of Android Pre-Order Premium ends tonight . Act now to pick up your copy – along with its special playmat and art prints – before the pre-order window closes and your connection drops .
In the meantime , you can visit The Worlds of Android website for an excerpt of the foreword by the setting 's other co-creator , Kevin Wilson . Just be sure to also keep your eyes open for more previews of the book 's art and information !
The server 's defenses had been good . Much better than she had expected . She set a timer , sending a mental signal through her BMI and into her skinsuit to terminate the connection in two minutes , the average reboot time for a defense grid like the one she 'd just penetrated . Then she cut the time in half .
Absolver Official Production Update
Since update 1.07 we 've been busy on online stability fixes and optimisations , as well as preparing cool new stuff to come soon , here are some news from the studio !
What 's up now
Online
We pushed a couple of server-side updates recently , to fix issues with Combat Trials disconnections , loadings , and teleports .
Also pushed a small 30 Mb client-side patch last Friday , to fix recurrent issues with GOG /Steam crossplay
/Steam crossplay We 're currently working on another patch focused on other online improvements , it is now being tested and should be rolled out in the next few days for everybody .
Anticheat is also being worked on
What 's up next
Content Updates
A big content update should be deployed at the end of the month , and will come with some additions we know you guys have been waiting for !
Better inventory : easier to manage , you 'll have new tools to sort and get rid of what you do n't want
We 'll also give you new way to get gear and fill up your inventory . To celebrate , new equipment will also be thrown in the mix !
Reassign attribute points , and other fixes and surprises !
Technical Feedback
A technical update will be pushed in a couple of days , we 'll send a feedback survey – it will be very useful for us to have the best possible view of the current situation and players ' feelings regarding the state of the game , so it would be great if you could fill it out !
More news soon !
Sloclap team
Everyone was talking about Tommy Redding 's breakout Orlando City game over the weekend , even Tommy Redding . Not that Tommy Redding , the other Tommy Redding .
The Tommy Redding from a small city outside of Atlanta . The Tommy Redding who is a minister of education at a local Baptist church , who used to coach his son and daughter in youth soccer and whose Twitter feed blew up with people mistaking him for Orlando City defender and Oviedo native Tommy Redding during the Lions ' 1-0 win at NYCFC Friday .
That Tommy Redding has no ties to Orlando except for his name .
`` It was an hour straight , I was getting constant notifications on my phone , '' the other Redding , 38 , said . `` I never had a tweet go that crazy ! It was hilarious . ''
His Twitter handle is @ TommyRedding , while Orlando City 's 19-year-old starter is @ Tommy_Redding29 . Redding had gotten some wayward mentions over the past few years , going back to soccer Tommy Redding 's days with the U.S. U-17 national team , but dismissed them . They were few and far between .
CAPTION Nani , the winger , was born in Cape Verde and represents the Portugal national team . He was officially introduced as Orlando City 's new designated player on Monday Nani , the winger , was born in Cape Verde and represents the Portugal national team . He was officially introduced as Orlando City 's new designated player on Monday CAPTION Nani , the winger , was born in Cape Verde and represents the Portugal national team . He was officially introduced as Orlando City 's new designated player on Monday Nani , the winger , was born in Cape Verde and represents the Portugal national team . He was officially introduced as Orlando City 's new designated player on Monday CAPTION Orlando Pride star and Brazilian legend Marta on Monday claimed her sixth FIFA Player of Year award after she was named The Best FIFA Women 's Player 2018 during Orlando Pride star and Brazilian legend Marta on Monday claimed her sixth FIFA Player of Year award after she was named The Best FIFA Women 's Player 2018 during CAPTION Orlando City goalkeeper Mason Stajduhar completed his final round of chemotherapy Tuesday Orlando City goalkeeper Mason Stajduhar completed his final round of chemotherapy Tuesday CAPTION After Orlando City 's 1-2 loss to Atlanta United , fans threw trash onto the soccer field . After Orlando City 's 1-2 loss to Atlanta United , fans threw trash onto the soccer field . CAPTION A high-tech business that makes crystal and silicon lenses for fighter jets and tanks was all shook up over construction of the Orlando City Stadium across the street — and now it 's suing the soccer team , the city and the general contractor . A high-tech business that makes crystal and silicon lenses for fighter jets and tanks was all shook up over construction of the Orlando City Stadium across the street — and now it 's suing the soccer team , the city and the general contractor .
Then , a few weeks ago , his social media account began buzzing more and more — coinciding with Tommy Redding getting the nod to start in place of an injured David Mateos this season .
An Orlando TV reporter was the first to show up in his feed this season saying , `` Gorgeous tackle from @ TommyRedding… '' during Orlando City 's 1-1 draw against Chicago on March 11 . Redding politely told the reporter he had the wrong guy , but that was only the beginning .
After the NYCFC game , the Georgia resident tweeted , `` I can tell when @ Tommy_Redding29 has a good game for @ OrlandoCitySC . My Twitter feed starts lighting up ! Congrats on your win ! ''
Orlando City retweeted the mention , causing a flurry of activity Redding had never before experienced . Even the Lions ' Tommy Redding responded with a thank you and suggested the team send the other Redding a jersey with his name on the back .
`` Oh I would love one , extra large if they 've got it , '' Redding said . `` When I told my kids about that tweet , my daughter , her jaw hit the floor . In all seriousness , it would be awesome if Orlando winds upcoming to Atlanta in [ its ] opening season . I 'd love to be able to meet the guy because of the craziness . ''
Atlanta United FC will join MLS as an expansion team in 2017 . Redding said even though he 'll be an Atlanta fan , he would wear his Orlando City jersey if the two teams played each other .
Redding grew up playing soccer in Smyrna , Tenn. , and went to college at Middle Tennessee State . He now lives in Douglasville , Ga. , with his wife of 13 years and two children , 7 and 9 years old .
The first time he realized someone shared his name was about three years ago , when he got an occasional tweet about a teenage soccer player . It did n't happen often , so Redding never looked into it , until he was contacted by a third Tommy Redding , a rapper who wanted to buy his Twitter handle .
Redding did n't give it up .
There are plenty of fake accounts or fan accounts created with some variation of players ' names . There are even the occasional real Twitter doppelgangers out there — there 's @ KevinMolino , @ JoeBendik and @ AdrianWinter , among others — but none regularly use their Twitter accounts , have gotten in touch with Orlando City or have mentioned their name doubles .
`` Who would have thought some stud soccer player has the same name as me , '' Redding said , unable to contain his laughter . `` How many Tommy Reddings are out there ? ''
ardelgallo @ orlandosentinel.com
A consumer who reported himself to an anti-piracy group to try to force a change in copyright law has finally received a response . Denmark 's Antipiratgruppen acknowledges that the man broke the law when he circumvented DRM , but have told him that since it was for personal use with no further distribution , there is no desire to sue him .
Danish copyfighter Henrik Anderson has a dilemma . Although the laws in his country allow him to copy DVDs for his own personal use , they forbid him to remove the DRM in order to do so .
Wanting to have this legal contradiction dealt with by his government , he confessed to anti-piracy group Antipiratgruppen that he had illegally broken the DRM on a hundred movies and TV shows . The full background to the case can be found here .
After Antipiratgruppen missed the deadline to respond , Henrik announced a couple of days ago he would report himself to the police . But now the group has responded , in a way that is possibly as confusing as the original law , although in a way that also makes perfect sense .
Their first paragraph notes that it is illegal to circumvent the “ so-called effective technological measures ” without the consent of rights holders – a reference to copy protection on a DVD . They also note that making a copy of the DVD in order to watch it on a media center ( this issue Henrik is trying to draw attention to ) is also illegal .
So far , so good . Now here 's the interesting part :
That said , the main purpose of the rule is to ensure against abuse of films and music being illegally copied and distributed further . The Association of Danish Videodistributors certainly have no interest in suing consumers who like you have purchased legitimate products – quite the contrary .
In a nutshell , Antipiratgruppen says that as long as people buy movies initially , they do n't mind them a taking digital copy for their own use , as long as there is no distribution to 3rd parties – despite both acts being equally illegal .
Commenting on the news , Henrik told TorrentFreak : “ I 'm glad that they will not prosecute me . But at the same time it 's still illegal , so … ”
Henrik says that since this section of copyright law has no effect in the real world , it should simply be abolished so that people know where they stand , since other people in the future might take a different stance .
“ Who is to say that if the anti-piracy group suddenly falls over a man with 1000 films that they would not prosecute him , even though he has paid for his films ? Once again : it is still illegal , ” he told us .
Although Antipiratgruppen have responded promising not to prosecute , Henrik told TorrentFreak that he 's not going to rest here .
“ Act ( § 75C ) is not modified / removed yet . Only on the day where the Culture Minister said the law will be removed / changed will my goal be reached . ”
Next week , Henrik will try to contact the Culture Minister , who thus far has n't been interested in doing much , but at least at this point must realize that there is something very wrong with the law .
The full response from Antipiratgruppen can be found here .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Premier League boss Richard Scudamore says he believes the UK should remain in the EU
Top bosses including Sir Richard Branson , the Premier League chair and car industry executives have backed Remain ahead of Thursday 's EU vote .
Premier League chair Richard Scudamore said the 20 clubs in the top tier wanted to remain and that leaving would be `` incongruous '' in the context of the league 's commitment to `` openness '' .
Meanwhile , Sir Richard warned a British exit from the EU would be `` devastating '' for the UK 's long-term prosperity .
Vote Leave rejected the comments .
John Longworth , chair of Vote Leave business council , said the UK would be better off outside the EU .
`` The single market is n't a nirvana , it 's a mirage . The single market 's a protectionist area .
`` [ Under Brexit ] We 'd be able to remove the external barriers , reduce the cost of clothing and footwear . Reduce the cost of food products we ca n't produce in the UK because at the moment the EU puts tariffs up to the rest of the world which we have to pay for , '' he told the BBC 's Today programme .
'Incongruous '
Image copyright PA Image caption Car workers at the BMW factory in Oxford
But the car industry trade body , the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders ' ( SMMT ) , warned leaving the EU would increase costs and threaten jobs .
`` Remaining will allow the UK to retain the influence on which the unique and successful UK automotive sector depends , '' said chief executive Mike Hawes .
Directors at Toyota UK , Vauxhall , Jaguar Land Rover and BMW , as well as from component makers GKN and Magal Engineering , also voiced their support .
Rory Harvey , chairman of Vauxhall , said : `` We are part of a fully integrated European company where we benefit from the free movement of goods and people . We believe not to be part of the EU would be undesirable for our business and the sector as a whole . ''
'Saddened '
Meanwhile , Premier League boss Mr Scudamore told BBC Radio 5 live that leaving would be `` incongruous '' in the context of the league 's commitment to `` openness '' .
`` There is an openness about the Premier League which I think it would be completely incongruous if we were to take the opposite position , '' he said .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sir Richard Branson tells the BBC why he is backing Remain in the EU referendum .
Sir Richard Branson , who has long backed the Remain campaign , wrote an open letter , recalling how difficult it was for businesses to operate effectively before the EU , adding he was `` saddened '' at the prospect of returning to those days .
`` I 'm very fearful that if Britain loses the market of 500 million people that it will be catastrophic for Britain .
`` I think we 'll find the pound will plummet , stocks markets will collapse and that will inevitably have a knock-on effect on pensions , a knock-on effect on jobs so I 'm hoping that sense will prevail on Thursday , '' he told the BBC .
And drinks giant Diageo 's chief executive Ivan Menezes wrote to the company 's 4,773 UK employees , telling them that it would be `` better for the UK , better for Diageo and better for the Scotch whisky industry that we remain in '' .
Mr Menezes said Diageo benefited from ease of access to the European single market , as well as trade deals that the EU had negotiated with the rest of the world .
`` The EU has so far concluded , or is negotiating , over 50 of these global agreements , many of which provide significant commercial benefits for Diageo , '' Mr Menezes said in his letter . Negotiating new deals after a Brexit could take years , he said .
301 Moved Permanently The document has moved here . EU referendum issues guide : Explore the arguments http : //www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36027205 https : //www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2016/newsspec_13606/content/iframe/english/index.inc.app.html Explore all the issues Choose an issue : What both sides are saying All issues Main views Share this page EU referendum issues guide What the leave and remain sides are saying in the # EUref campaign
The Leave camp has rejected claims by those supporting Remain .
On the Premier League , Vote Leave argued Britain 's exit from the EU could shore up more funds to be invested in grassroots sports .
`` EU rules hurt both our ability to develop home grown talent and restrict access to the global talent pool .
`` That 's the worst of both worlds for football fans and the teams they support , '' said Vote Leave 's Robert Oxley .
The group also dismissed Sir Richard Branson 's and drinks giant Diageo boss Mr Menezes ' proclamations of support for Remain , claiming they had already voiced pro-EU support and the latest comments were no surprise .
Vote Leave group 's chief executive , Matthew Elliott , also rejected the idea that leaving would hurt the car industry , instead saying it could help exports .
'Wrong then , wrong now '
`` We know that British car exports are increasingly going to the rest of the world , not the EU . As such , a vote to leave could provide a boost to the industry as we would be free to sign free trade agreements with emerging markets - something we are currently forbidden from doing by the EU . ''
He also pointed out that many car company executives had urged Britain to join the euro . `` They were wrong then and they are wrong now , '' Mr Elliott added .
Image copyright JCB Image caption JCB chairman Lord Bamford says he is `` very confident that we can stand on our own two feet ''
Undecided
As Thursday 's Referendum approaches , executives have recently stepped up support for the Leave and Remain camps .
On Sunday , the chief executive of energy giant EDF Energy , Vincent de Rivaz , wrote to his UK staff outlining what he says are the benefits of continued EU membership .
Earlier this month Lord Bamford , chairman of JCB , one of Britain 's most successful manufacturers , wrote to his company 's 6,500 employees in the UK to explain why he favours a vote to leave the European Union .
Last weekend , entrepreneur Sir James Dyson told the Daily Telegraph Britain would gain more from leaving the EU than it would lose .
Last week , BT bosses and union leaders came out in favour of the Remain camp .
Big business and financial firms have generally been in favour of staying in the EU , although surveys suggest that small businesses are more evenly split .
Last week , a poll by the Federation of Small Businesses suggested that 42 % of members `` could still be swayed on how to vote '' with 52 % `` saying they did n't feel they had the information they needed '' .
In the case brought by Attorney General Martha Coakley , Judge Tauro found that the 1996 law , known as the Defense of Marriage Act , or DOMA , compels Massachusetts to discriminate against its own citizens in order to receive federal money for certain programs .
The other case , brought by Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders , focused more narrowly on equal protection as applied to a handful of federal benefits . In that case , Judge Tauro agreed that the federal law violated the equal protection clause of the Constitution by denying benefits to one class of married couples — gay men and lesbians — but not others .
Neither suit challenged a separate provision of the Defense of Marriage Act that says states do not have to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states . But if the cases make their way to the Supreme Court and are upheld , gay and lesbian couples in states that recognize same-sex marriage will be eligible for federal benefits that are now granted only to heterosexual married couples .
“ This court has determined that it is clearly within the authority of the commonwealth to recognize same-sex marriages among its residents , and to afford those individuals in same-sex marriages any benefits , rights and privileges to which they are entitled by virtue of their marital status , ” Judge Tauro wrote in the case brought by Ms. Coakley . “ The federal government , by enacting and enforcing DOMA , plainly encroaches upon the firmly entrenched province of the state . ”
Proponents of gay rights embraced the rulings as legal victories .
“ Today the court simply affirmed that our country wo n't tolerate second-class marriages , ” said Mary Bonauto , civil rights project director for Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders , who argued the case . “ This ruling will make a real difference for countless families in Massachusetts . ”
Chris Gacek , a senior fellow at the Family Research Council , a leading conservative group , said he was disappointed by the decision .
“ The idea that a court can say that this definition of marriage that 's been around forever is irrational is mind-boggling , ” Mr. Gacek said . “ It 's a bad decision . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Massachusetts has allowed same-sex couples to marry since 2004 , and while more than 15,000 have done so , they are denied federal benefits like Social Security survivors ' payments , the right to file taxes jointly and guaranteed leave from work to care for a sick spouse .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
In the Coakley case , the judge held that that federal restrictions on funding for states that recognize same-sex marriage violates the 10th Amendment , the part of the Constitution that declares that rights not explicitly granted to the federal government , or denied to the states , belong to the states .
The Obama administration 's Justice Department was in the position of defending the Defense of Marriage Act even though Barack Obama had called during the 2008 presidential campaign for repealing it . Scott Simpson , when arguing the case on behalf of the government in May , opened by acknowledging the administration 's opposition to the act , but saying he was still obliged to defend its constitutionality .
“ This presidential administration disagrees with DOMA as a matter of policy , ” Mr. Simpson said at the time . “ But that does not affect its constitutionality . ”
Some constitutional scholars said they were surprised by Judge Tauro 's opinions in the two cases .
“ What an amazing set of opinions , ” said Jack M. Balkin , a professor at Yale Law School . “ No chance they 'll be held up on appeal . ”
Professor Balkin , who supports the right to same-sex marriage , said the opinions ignored the federal government 's longstanding involvement in marriage issues in areas like welfare , tax policy , health care , Social Security and more . The opinion in the advocacy group 's case applies the Constitution to marriage rights , he said , undercutting the notion that the marriage is not a federal concern .
“ These two opinions are at war with themselves , ” he said .
The arguments concerning the 10th Amendment and the spending clause , if upheld , would “ take down a wide swath of programs — you ca n't even list the number of programs that would be affected , ” he said .
By citing the 10th Amendment and making what is essentially a state ' rights argument , Professor Balkin said Judge Tauro was “ attempting to hoist conservatives by their own petard , by saying : ‘ You like the 10th Amendment ? I 'll give you the 10th Amendment ! I 'll strike down DOMA ! ' ”
Erwin Chemerinsky , the dean of the University of California , Irvine , School of Law , was more supportive of the logic of the two opinions , and said they worked together to establish a broad right of marriage for same-sex couples .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ The key issue in this case , and in all litigation about marriage equality for gays and lesbians , is , Does the government have a rational basis for treating same-sex couples differently from heterosexual couples ? ” he said . “ Here , the court says there is no rational basis for treating same-sex couples differently from heterosexual couples . Therefore , DOMA is unconstitutional , and conditioning federal funding on compliance with DOMA is unconstitutional . ”
A central issue in the fight over the constitutionality of California 's same-sex marriage ban is whether laws restricting gay rights should be held to a tougher standard of review than the “ rational basis ” test , and so Judge Tauro 's decision takes a different path that would eliminate the need for that line of argument , Professor Chemerinsky said .
“ There 's no need to get to higher scrutiny if it fails rational basis review , ” he said .
It has been an interesting couple of weeks in the D & T world . While I went heavy on Mirran Crusader to fight against the current metagame , other people have been experimenting with other tech . There was an interesting post suggesting that The Tabernacle at Pendrell Vale is a viable sideboard card in D & T . MTGO user Egget put up a 6-1 finish in a Legacy Challenge with a list featuring two Rest in Peace in the maindeck . There was also the emergence of a 5 Color Human deck in Modern that bears a strong resemblance to D & T in terms of general strategy and playstyle , and I 've seen a few people mucking around with a Legacy port of that as well .
I chatted with Michael Derczo quite a bit in the weeks leading up to the Team Open . We were both very happy with our lists from EW and the Legacy Open , so we did n't want to change much . For his last event , he had a Vryn Wingmare in the maindeck over my Sanctum Prelate , but otherwise our lists were identical . I liked having a fifth flier in the deck , as going to the 4 Crusader build meant that I lost my Avengers , but I also felt that having a Prelate in the deck was absolutely essential for the Punishing Fire and Life from the Loam matchups . We 're ending up registering the same 75 for the event , opting to keep the Wingmare in the main , but drop a Containment Priest from the board to squeeze in the Prelate .
Crusader D & T 11/20
My team for the event was the same as last time around , Harley Cox on Modern and Mike Kerby on Standard . Collectively , we finished at 6-3 for the day once again , missing the cut which was at 6-2-1 . I 'm going to focus on my own results from here on out . The main event was a very medicore finish of 5-4 :
1-2 vs Sneak and Show
1-2 vs Eldrazi
1-2 vs High Tide
2-0 vs Grixis Delver
1-2 vs Eldrazi
2-1 vs Czech Pile
2-1 vs Czech Pile
2-1 vs Grixis Delver
2-0 vs Punishing Maverick
Round 2 vs Eldrazi
The difference between a team event and an individual event in that your teammates can save you from our own folly . My opponent this round make numerous errors , and I 'm not going to harp on all of them , but it shall suffice to say that my opponent was very inexperienced with Legacy . I was about to take over the game with equipment while at two life . My opponent does not realize that he can just kill me by activating Eye of Ugin to tutor up Reality Smasher . He just failed at counting his mana . His teammate then counts his mana for him and tells him to activate Eye . He wants to get an Endbringer . His teammate asks what my life total is , and then tells him to just kill me with Smasher . Sometimes you lose to the teammate , and not your opponent . Such is the nature of a team event . Unrelated , my opponent 's deck also had Ramunap Excavator in it . My eyebrows raised quite a bit when he put Cavern of Souls on Naga…
Round 3 vs High Tide
Sometimes , you do everything right , but things just do n't work out . In game 3 , I let my opponent resolve the first High Tide , and then used a Surgical Extraction to rip them from the deck in response to him cracking two fetches . My opponent cast a Time Spiral , and I drew a second Surgical . My opponent resolved a Turnabout , and then I went to extract that too . Unfortunately , he had a second Turnabout at that moment , dampening the effect of my efforts . My opponent ended up with just enough mana to cantrip a couple of times and find a Cunning Wish for Brainfreeze . You earned that one . Well done !
Round 7 vs Czech Pile
I was paired this round against my friend Paul Lynch , so I knew this was going to be a fun one . The first two games are highly interactive and interesting , but the third game left us both feeling a bit sour . He casts a Powder , and while he is thinking about it , I go to look and see what is going on with my teammates . I look back , and then one of Paul 's teammates says , “ Paul , that 's not a Brainstorm… ” * expletives on both sides of the table * I ca n't confirm which cards were from to Ponder , so I call the judge . The ruling for this was essentially that I got to choose which cards were a part of his Ponder and which cards were a part of his hand . Paul appealed , but it was upheld . It 's a feel-bad situation , but it 's very difficult to lose from a position where you have perfect information AND you get to sculpt your opponent 's hand . My hand was great , and Paul had mulliganed to five already , but that 's not how I wanted this round to go .
There was some poor communication on the end of the judges with this call due to the appeal . We were never told how much of a time extension we received . Accordingly , I looked at the slip and saw a 12 . I assumed that meant we had a 12 minute extension . I was wrong . It turns out that the 12 indicated that our match would begin extra turns when the clock hit 12 minutes over . We were both utterly baffled when the judge told us that we were now in turns considering that the judge call had lasted about 20 minutes . We had only received an extension for the part of the judge call that had been during normal round time , which makes sense and is correct , but the judges had n't initially let us know that and were a bit unsure about when the judge call actually started . Despite the warping nature of the judge ruling and his mulligan to five , we had a surprisingly good game . Our plays became a little odd towards the end since we were both trying to close the game quickly . Paul scooped to me in turns , having no outs to my Mirran Crusader with SoFaI and Flickerwip backup .
Round 9 vs Punishing Maverick
Okay , so this round was the epitome of everything going wrong on both sides of the table . My opponent established an early Punishing Fire lock , keeping all of my small creatures off the field . My Wastelands had kept my opponent completely off of white mana . Neither one of us could do a thing . Over the course of about 15 turns or so , I managed to sneak in all three pieces of equipment . My life total was at 33 solely from Grove of the Burnwillows…yeah , it was that sort of game .
I slowly wiggle myself into a position where I get a few Jitte counters and manage to get a couple of creatures to stick to the board . My opponent ( finally ) draws a white source , and is able to start deploying the cards that have been stuck in his hand all game . I was able to get in a few chip shots with varying combinations of a Batterskull and a Stoneforge Mystic wielding Jitte . My opponent was at 2 life when he was finally able to produce Marit Lage via Knight of the Reliquary . I had just a Stoneforge Mystic with Batterskull and Jitte equipped in play , so my opponent thought his board of Scavening Ooze and the giant tentacle monster would be enough to get him back in the game . I bounced the Batterksull and redeployed it during my opponent 's end step , plowed the Ooze during my turn , and swung in for lethal . I ended that game at 61 life .
Our team ending up doing the submarine that day . We dove down to the depths of 0-3 , and then finished out the day 6-0 . While not enough to make day 2 , we had redeemed our pride and had the same finish as at the previous team open . That 's good enough for me ! We met up with one of my friends from Baltimore for a late dinner , and she suggested some Indian place that featured a belly dancing show . The venue was actually pretty small , so it was rather hilarious to watch the waitresses and waiters try to sneak past the belly dancers and sword twirling to deliver food and drinks . We enjoyed the spectacle , but headed in pretty quickly after dinner so that we could get a decent night 's sleep before the Classic .
I managed an unimpressive 4-3 finish in the Classic .
2-1 vs RB Reanimator
0-2 vs Sneak and Show
0-2 vs Lands
2-0 vs Eldrazi
2-1 vs Deathblade
1-2 vs Grixis Delver
2-0 vs Food Chain
Round 1 vs RB Reanimator
Many people say that you need to mulligan very aggressively to graveyard hate in this matchup or you will lose . I disagree . In both of the games I won , I just kept reasonable 6 card hands with strong mana denial . A combination of Wasteland and Port effectively took down game two . Thalia and Wasteland took down game 3 . You do n't need to throw away otherwise reasonable hands if they lack graveyard hate , but you do need to have a clear path to victory .
Round 4 vs Eldrazi
I lose the die roll . I then look at the following opening hand and tank : Thalia , Plains , Cavern of Souls , Rishadan Port , and 3 Wastelands . If my opponent is playing a deck with lots of basic lands , I 'm probably losing this one . If my opponent leads on Deathrite Shaman , I probably lose this one . I keep the hand given its potential power level , acknowledging that my potential loss may come about at cost of this keep . My opponent leads on Eye of Ugin , and I was immediately rewarded for my sketchy keep . I blow up his first three lands and handily take down the game . My opponent was so tilted by the first game here that he kept a six land hand in game two . * shrug * It worked out .
Round 5 vs Deathblade
This round was fun . We had two very complex games . The first ended with my Batterskull and Mom trumping his Monastery Mentor . The second effectively ended after a 3-for-1 off a Zealous Persecution . We had an incredibly complex board state in game 3 involving multiple pieces of equipment , a Gideon , Ally of Zendikar on my side , and about a dozen creatures . He blows up the world with a Toxic Deluge . My opponent is at five life . I have a Gideon . I animate Gideon and swing in . He takes the damage and says , “ I 'll go to one. ” I let him know that Gideon is a 5/5 . A look of horror spreads across his face . He had confused Gideon , Ally of Zendikar with Gideon of the Trials , which is a 4/4 . Oops .
Round 6 vs Grixis Delvers
It 's really annoying how good True-Name Nemesis is against D & T . In game 2 , I just got 7 turns clocked by it after my opponent deployed it on turn 2 . In game 3 , my opponent started with another early TNN . My Council 's Judgment was snatched up by a Thoughtseize , so getting the little guy out of the picture was unlikely . A few turns later , my opponent was at 4 , I was at 5 . I had my opponent 's board under control with the exception of that wily TNN . My Crusader and Flickerwisp were threatening lethal the following turn , aided by a pair of Moms . All I needed to do was dodge Lightning Bolt for one turn , and life was golden . Sure enough , my opponent drew Bolt for the turn and I made some loud , obnoxious noises as I lamented my death . This time , TNN had killed me in six turns rather than 7 due to the friendly red spell ! My opponent tried to console me , stating that at least I died to a Beta , signed Bolt rather than some white boarded garbage . I had a good laugh .
Round 7 vs Food Chain
We sit down for the round , and acknowledge that this is just a match for fun at this point before getting things started . My opponent laughs at his hand and then shows it to me . A blue fetch , 4 Brainstorms , and 2 Ponders . We laugh and he takes a mulligan . In game 1 , I see only the following cards : a cantrip or two , Forest , Island , and Swamp . My mana denial combo of Thalia and triple Port left him unable to cast anything meaningful . He concealed a little bit of information and tried to keep me in the dark for sideboarding .
I boarded for Aluren . My opponent was on Food Chain , so most of my boarding choices ending up working perfectly . Game 2 was a little bit comical . Again , I had a pair of Ports which kept my opponent choked on mana . I opted to release him from my clutches for a turn to deploy Gideon , as he would likely shorten my clock by about 3 or 4 turns . My opponent took the opportunity to cast a Trinket Mage and tutor up a Pithing Needle . Unforunately , I Wasted one of his lands and Ported the other two , so Gideon did him in very quickly before he drew another land for the Needle .
This weekend was n't great for me . I had an overall record of 9-7 , which is only about a 56 % win rate . That being said , I love the decklist and think D & T is still very well-positioned in the metagame right now . I started keeping some pretty detailed records of my paper and MTGO data after Eternal Weekend , and that was considerably lower than my normal performance . I was very happy with my results against Grixis Delver ( 8-1 ) and Czech Pile ( 6-1 ) , decks I anticipated as two of the more popular decks going into the event . Most of my losses were extremely close , and only two of my seven losses were 0-2 results .
Moving forward , I likely wo n't make too many changes to my list . I still love having four Crusaders , and I like most of my other choices as well . The sideboard space is really tight as is , and I already felt like I was cheating a bit by dropping a Containment Priest . I have my eye on a couple of things though :
1 . I 'm not sure that the Sneak and Show matchup is as favorable as it used to be . I know that sounds blasphemous to say , but my data is supporting it . I keep getting skunked in this matchup even when I have hate . Most of the recent builds have been packing ~3 Omniscience in the main , and we have considerable trouble beating that card . It largely ignores Revoker , Thalia , Karakas , and Containment Priest , while also only being mildly inconvenienced by Canonist . Their sideboard also frequently has dedicated hate for this matchup , most notably Kozilek 's Return , which has been a beating . Most D & T lists have also moved away from having extra hate ( e.g . Pithing Needle ) to make room for other things , which is certainly a contributing factor .
2 . Eldrazi might be on the rise again . It was very heavily represented at this event . I do n't lean too heavily on data from team events , as things are skewed a bit , but considering that my roommate made the top 8 of the last Open with it as well , it 's on my radar . I 'm not overly fond of this matchup , so it is continues to pick up steam , it might be time for another removal spell in the 75 .
The Aquis Gold Coast Titans today announced the club will relocate to a new purpose-built high performance training and administration centre to be constructed at Parkwood International Golf Course .
Parkwood International , located between Helensvale and Southport , will be rebranded ‘ Club Parkwood – Home of the Aquis Gold Coast Titans ' as part of a multi-million dollar redevelopment , transforming the site into one of the best sporting and entertainment precincts in the country .
Titans CEO Graham Annesley said : “ This is another significant positive step for our club as it continues to deliver on our five-year strategic plan of continuous improvement .
“ Not only will our staff and players benefit from outstanding facilities , but our loyal members , sponsors and corporate partners will also automatically benefit from our partnership with Club Parkwood , which is being upgraded to a fully licenced community club , featuring an exceptional range of bars , restaurants , lounge and gaming areas together with function facilities to cater for all occasions . ”
All Titans members will automatically receive membership status at Club Parkwood valued at $ 60 . This membership features a free birthday meal and discounts on golf , meals and drinks when utilizing the club facilities .
As well as providing a modern office environment for staff , players will have access to indoor training courts , aqua therapy , a fully-equipped gymnasium , an altitude chamber and dedicated change-room facilities .
The project also includes a huge indoor sports centre where the community will be able to access a full range of indoor cricket , soccer and netball activities , while the 25 metre three-lane lap pool will offer learn-to-swim classes with separate hydrotherapy baths .
2
Parkwood International Managing Director Luke Altschwager said : “ We are excited to form this partnership with the Titans , based on the benefits it will deliver to both organisations and our joint membership base . The Titans require a fully-integrated facility to call home and we want to attach a high-profile national sporting brand to our club to help drive community engagement . ”
Mr Altschwager said dedicated golfers will benefit from a new indoor golf centre , with state-of-the-art simulators to be constructed to allow everyone from beginners through to professionals to hone their skills on some of the best courses from around the world , all without leaving the Gold Coast .
The wider community will soon be able to access a new health and medical building , offering a complete range of services including sports science , yoga studio and access to the very best in relaxation and sports massage practitioners .
But without doubt a major feature of the new precinct is that Parkwood will become the permanent home of the Aquis Gold Coast Titans with a best practice high performance and administration centre delivering facilities at the cutting edge of innovation , sports science and professionalism in the National Rugby League competition .
Mr Annesley added : “ To have a purpose-built facility housing our administration , coaching and specialist medical staff just metres from our training field as part of a multifaceted community club , is not only a great outcome operationally , but it just makes perfect business sense as the Titans continue to grow and evolve . ”
The project is expected to break ground next month , with a targeted date for completion of the entire development by August 2016 , however , construction and hand-over will be staged to allow the Titans to move in as quickly as possible in the 2016 season .
Waiting for Dubai taxi ? Soon you can book it via Uber app
A new agreement with RTA entitles Uber to offer the booking service of more than 14,000 vehicles comprising 9841 taxis and 4700 limousines .
More than 14,000 Dubai taxis and limousines can soon be booked via Uber after the Roads and Transport Authority ( RTA ) signed a cooperation agreement with the ride-hailing app on Wednesday .
The agreement will entitle the California-based Uber to offer the booking service of more than 14,541 public vehicles , including 9,841 taxis and 4,700 limousines .
Another highlight of the agreement is the provision to study `` new economic transit solutions '' including carpooling aimed at reducing the number of vehicles on the roads in support of Dubai Vision 2021 .
`` This initiative signals the keenness of RTA to implement the directives of His Highness Shaikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai , to rank Dubai as the smartest city world-wide since smart mobility is one of the key elements of smart cities , '' said Mattar Al Tayer , RTA director-general and chairman of the board of executive directors .
RTA 's agreement with Uber is the second of its kind signed with online taxi booking companies . In October last year , RTA first signed an agreement with Dubai-based online booking service company Careem . However , for Uber , which is present in 500 cities across the world , this is the first time they forged a partnership with a government entity in the region .
`` The agreement with Uber offers a new service for residents and visitors who wish to move around Dubai by taxis and limousines . This contributes to realizing people 's happiness , providing quality services for tourists and enhancing customers ' experience , '' said Al Tayer .
The agreement will work as per the laws governing the operation of taxis and limousines in Dubai . Meaning , there will be no increase in the tariff but the fare is still 30 per cent higher than the usual taxis hailed on the road , explained Adel Shakri , RTA director of transport systems .
Al Tayer also added : `` The RTA , in cooperation with Uber is considering the deployment of new mobility options to cater to the needs of customers in Dubai and reduce vehicles on the roads . ''
Anthony Khoury , regional director of Uber Middle East , explained to Khaleej Times the timeframe of the agreement : `` Now that it has been signed , we will work closely with the RTA in the next three months to study the viable solution to launch an affordable transport method . ''
`` I do n't know yet exactly the tariff , but it will be cheaper than our current fare . The idea is in the first phase ( first three months ) , we will study what really makes sense in Dubai - with no vehicles involved yet . And in the second phase ( next three months ) we will launch pilot cars on road test for a certain period of time , initially within Dubai then on a wider scale .
`` We are committed to working with RTA on launching a more accessible Uber service for riders , and further adapting our innovative solutions to Dubai , '' Khoury explained .
`` We had a shared vision for jointly developing a world class economy solution that addresses the transport needs of the city and its ambitions towards becoming a global tourist and business hub . We look forward to the results of the study and to working with RTA on making Dubai a city that sets the standard for global innovation in the transport industry . ''
`` The partnership with RTA is a giant step for Uber and we will do our best to support RTA 's efforts to find easy mobility solutions for customers , '' added Khoury .
angel @ khaleejtimes.com
Angel Tesorero
Share
More >
Vote
Click/tap here to subscribe to Khaleej Times news alerts on WhatsApp . Make sure you save the phone number under Contacts on your phone for uninterrupted service .
ERROR : Macro /ads/dfp-ad-article-new is missing !
Since the election there has been a running discussion as to whether or not Trump has a mandate . The short answer is yes he does . Before we begin we have to ask What is a mandate ? To put it simply a mandate is a moral argument or force of persuasion that you use to convince other elected officials to enact your agenda . It is a statement that said your constituents agreed with me so much and I won with such big margins that you are morally obligated to enact my agenda or face the consequences from them if you fail to do so .
Does a 3 million loss in the popular vote erase a mandate for Trump ? or create one for Hillary if she had won ? No . Whether you like it or not our electoral system does not run like that . No Senator or Congressman has that constituency . They are only answerable to the portion of the popular vote that actually vote for or against them . At this point it is worth noting that not even the most rabid believer in the popular vote and the abolition of the electoral college is calling for the voters in California to be able to decide the Senator of Iowa or Florida . If President Trump were to go to California and claim that he had a mandate there and Senator Harris had to support him , he would be wrong . If President Trump were to go to West Virginia and tell Senator Manchin that he had a mandate there because he won by 40 points he would have a very good case . More important than the technical definition of the mandate is that the people involved believe that Trump has it . A couple of weeks ago during the flag burning controversy multiple people on the right and left condemned Trump , yet Senator Manchin said that while he thought it was still legal he would punch a flag burner in the face .
Since we have the definition of mandate the question remaining is what the magic number is . In the past this used to be 60 votes as any less and the opposing party could filibuster you . Thanks to Senator Reid , a democrat , the bar has been lowered to 50 . If you have at least 50 votes you can get your agenda passed .
North Dakota , South Dakota , Kansas , Kentucky , Alabama , Idaho , Wyoming , West Virginia , Utah , and Oklahoma . Trump won all these states by 30 points or more . That 's 20 senators out of the 50 he needs he can claim a excellent mandate with . Tennessee , South Carolina , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , Arkansaw , Alaska , Indiana , Louisiana , Mississippi , and South Carolina were all won by 15 points or more . Thats 22 additional senators that he has a very strong mandate with . Iowa , Texas , Ohio , and Georgia were all won with 5 points or more . Thats 50 senators that Trump can claim to have a strong , very strong , or excellent mandate with . I did not even mention the senators from the same party Trump has in other closer states .
Once you actually take a look at the available data there is no question President Trump has a mandate .
Advertisements
A second successive miserable Premier League campaign for Everton resulted in Roberto Martinez 's sacking and could still see some of the Toffees ' best players leave for pastures new . Despite the two-year rut and speculation about Romelu Lukaku and John Stones moving on , Everton still have plenty to attract a top manager .
Since Martinez 's departure , the mood of Evertonians has flipped . His eventual exit brought a sense of relief to the fanbase . The news it was new majority shareholder , Farhad Moshiri , who pulled the plug , added to it . Then the team 's performance on the final day of the season against already-relegated Norwich City , rounded off the transition from abject misery to new-found optimism – not least because the 3-0 win featured promising displays from three academy graduates in Tom Davies , Kieran Dowell and Jonjoe Kenny .
So far Frank De Boer , Ronald Koeman , Manuel Pellegrini and even José Mourinho , among others , have been linked with the role as Everton boss . Should one of them take the job as Everton boss , what exactly will they be walking into ?
Firstly , for all the woes on the field during the 2015/2016 season , Everton finally found a billionaire willing to invest into the club . Farhad Moshiri 's 49 % stake in Everton was formally approved by the Premier League in March , and while his arrival did nothing to alter the performances on the pitch , it has finally given Evertonians hope that their ambition can now be matched by the club .
It is thought he has pledged at least £100m for the new manager to spend during the summer . The nine-figure transfer kitty should allow the club to compete for some of the best available players this summer , and in a perfect world , persuade Lukaku and Stones to stay at the club .
The playing staff , both senior and those coming up from the academy , is perhaps Everton 's biggest pull for any manager considering the Goodison Park post .
Not counting the departing Tim Howard , Everton boasts 20 players who have represented their country . The likes of Lukaku , Stones , Ross Barkley and Gerard Deulofeu have been revered as some of Europe 's finest young talents with a ball at their feet . In addition , seasoned professionals such as Gareth Barry ( who this season broke the record for the most Premier League starts with 573 to his name ) , Leighton Baines and club captain , Phil Jagielka , will also be at the club for at least one more year .
Much was made this season of these players underperforming – all of them featured heavily in Martinez 's first season when Everton just missed out on Champions League qualification , before back-to-back bottom half finishes . While last Sunday 's match against Norwich was a dead rubber , it was clear to see the players reacted well to a fresh voice on the training ground .
The team stepped onto the pitch not only smiling , but with zip and determination . Norwich were pressed and harried and succumbed to three well-worked goals . Everton ditched the possession-based , patient build-up play for a high-tempo , direct approach . And it worked .
The atmosphere in Goodison Park was of stark contrast to most of Everton 's recent home matches . Even after a 2-1 win in their penultimate run-out at The Old Lady against Bournemouth some fans stayed behind to hold protests against then-manager , Roberto Martinez .
Everton 's display against Norwich actually showed how well they can play when they want to . Especially encouraging were the performance of Davies and Dowell , making their first Premier League starts , and debutant , Kenny . While the new manager will undoubtedly have funds to play with this summer , he 's also got a ‘ goldmine ' of youngsters at his disposal , according to Everton under-21s head coach , and current caretaker manager , David Unsworth .
Speaking after Everton 's 3-0 win over Norwich , he told the Liverpool Echo : “ Kieran Dowell showed absolute flashes of genius today . He has been doing that all season .
“ As for Tom Davies he was probably manned of the match . For me he was everything we want in an Everton central midfielder . All action , good on the ball , spots danger and it was a great midfield performance .
“ I think it 's a goldmine , not just one or two , we have got an abundance of top quality . There are seven or eight players who are either ready now or in a year and should play in first team . ”
The Blues have not only been making headlines this week because of their hunt for a new manager , but also because of their plans for a new stadium .
Within days of his investment , Moshiri promised to make a decision on the new stadium in the match programme notes of Everton 's FA Cup Quarter-Final against Chelsea . This week , it emerged the new stadium wo n't be on Walton Hall Park – the third unsuccessful stadium plan in 13 years .
However , the Liverpool Echo reported that Mayor Joe Anderson is confident Everton 's new stadium will be built within three years .
Roberto Martinez 's third season in charge at Goodison Park may have been a year of dismal performances culminating in his demise as Blues boss , but the few days since his departure have given Evertonians cause to be optimistic again .
The sheer importance of this summer can not be understated . Everton 's board have a great opportunity to show their ambition through their choice of manager , and given the assets that will be at his disposal , said manager should be of the highest variety .
× UW student charged with first-degree murder , allegedly used martial arts training during LSD-fueled beating
SEATTLE – A 21-year-old University of Washington student was charged with first-degree murder on Wednesday after prosecutors said he beat and strangled his girlfriend during a bad acid trip .
Casey Henderson is accused of killing Katy Straalsund , 22 , Sunday afternoon at her apartment on NE 50th in Seattle . Police say he told them he grew paranoid after they 'd spent the night and morning high on LSD they 'd purchased on the street Saturday evening .
Charging documents show Henderson told police things “ started to get weird ” and that he began to believe she was “ plotting against him. ” They say he admitted to punching her in the face and head , and to kicking her using techniques he 'd used in taekwondo .
Henderson allegedly told police he strangled her with both hands while yelling “ do you want to live ? ” He told detectives she “ kept saying stop , what are you doing. ” Police said when they sent him to the hospital because his hand was “ extremely swollen and red , ” and learned he 'd fractured his wrist .
Henderson told police he and Straalsund had been dating for about six months .
Police said they were called in at about 2 p.m. on Sunday by a neighbor who heard a man yelling “ you wan na die ” and “ I will kill you . ”
Once they got there , one of the officers reported seeing Henderson strangling Straalsund . The officer said both were naked , and that by the time they got inside he was holding her in a chokehold from behind .
Police broke it up and attempted CPR .
Straalsund died later at the hospital .
Charging documents also show that police talked to Straalsund 's cousin . The cousin told them that Straalsund had recently confided that she 'd learned Henderson was dating another woman , with whom he planned to move to Paris .
The cousin said Straalsund did n't consider her own relationship with Henderson serious .
There are a lot of good answers already about SpaceX 's vertical integration and the fact that their rockets are a modern design , built to be compatible with modern manufacturing techniques .
But SpaceX does a couple of other things that make them a cheaper organization .
First , aerospace engineering in general is a very formal , rigorous engineering discipline , possibly the most formal and rigorous type of engineering . In most aerospace engineering companies , every part gets tracked , from the moment the raw metals come from the refinery . They 're stored in bonded storage , under lock and key , until they 're needed . There is a complete paper trail so if any part fails , you can figure out exactly why . Every design change is reviewed by a systems engineering team , and for really important programs such as a man-rated launch vehicle , by an outside review panel . Even the design of the equipment that handles ( Mechanical Aerospace Ground Equipment , or MAGE ) or tests ( Electrical Aerospace Ground Equipment , or EAGE ) the spacecraft hardware is rigorously designed and reviewed , on the off chance that a test fixture puts too much stress on a part or a power supply accidentally induces an overvoltage condition . The MAGE and EAGE teams have lead engineers who are important and valued members of the spacecraft design team .
Every subsystem - propulsion , communications , thermal , controls , electrical , mechanical , and so on - goes through a series of formal reviews - Systems Requirements Review ( SRR ) , Preliminary Design Review ( PDR ) , and Critical Design Review ( CDR ) . You are n't allowed to start fabricating anything until you have a successful CDR . Each review - SRR , PDR , and CDR - encompasses recruiting a panel of outside experts who go over your design with a fine toothed comb , in incresing level of detail for each subsequent review . They will write up a Request For Action ( RFA ) on every minor flaw , which you have to respond to to the satisfaction of the review team before you can proceed . You have to dot every ‘ i ' and cross every ‘ t ' . Just getting ready for a CDR can take months , even if the entire design is finished .
Then the entire vehicle goes through the same set of reviews as a whole unit .
This might seem like overkill , and indeed in the early days of the space program we did n't do all of this stuff . But we lost spacecraft and people died because engineers made mistakes , and the community eventually evolved a system where every design choice has many different eyes on it , not all of them friendly . And our accident rate went way down .
SpaceX does n't follow as rigorous a pattern . SpaceX assumes that its engineers will do the right thing without all of the oversight . To the old school rocket folks , this is cutting corners . To new school guys , it 's getting rid of a system that is overly conservative , slow , and expensive .
The other thing SpaceX does is recruit young engineers , and work them twice as hard as any other company in the business . Again , this cuts costs . It also tends to burn out engineers . Of course , the upside of this is that SpaceX is doing damn cool work and is exciting to work for . The downside is eighty hour weeks , for the same pay as the guy down the street who works forty .
You can be the judge about whether these are positive or negative features of SpaceX .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Hackers broke into British company Piriform Ltd 's free software that optimizes computer performance last month , potentially allowing them to control the devices of millions of users , the company and independent researchers said on Monday .
FILE PHOTO : A man holds a laptop computer as cyber code is projected on him in this illustration picture taken on May 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/Illustration/File Photo
More than 2 million people downloaded tainted versions of Piriform 's program , which then directed the computers to get instructions from servers under the hacker 's control , Piriform said .
Piriform said it worked with law enforcement and cut off communication to the servers before any malicious commands were detected . This came after security researchers at Cisco Systems Inc ( CSCO.O ) and Morphisec Ltd alerted Piriform 's parent Avast Software of the hack last week .
The malicious program was slipped into legitimate software called CCleaner , which cleans up junk programs and advertising cookies to speed up devices .
CCleaner is the main product made by London 's Piriform , which was bought in July by Prague-based Avast , one of the world 's largest computer security vendors . At the time of the acquisition , the company said 130 million people used CCleaner .
A version of CCleaner downloaded in August and September included remote administration tools that tried to connect to several unregistered web pages , presumably to download additional unauthorized programs , security researchers at Cisco 's Talos unit said .
Talos researcher Craig Williams said it was a sophisticated attack because it penetrated an established and trusted supplier in a manner similar to June 's “ NotPetya ” attack on companies that downloaded infected Ukrainian accounting software .
“ There is nothing a user could have noticed , ” Williams said , noting that the optimization software had a proper digital certificate , which means that other computers automatically trust the program .
In a blog post , Piriform confirmed that two programs released in August were compromised . It advised users of CCleaner v5.33.6162 and CCleaner Cloud v1.07.3191 to download new versions . A spokeswoman said that 2.27 million users had downloaded the August version of CCleaner while only 5,000 users had installed the compromised version of CCleaner Cloud .
Piriform said that Avast , its new parent company , had uncovered the attacks on Sept. 12 . A new , uncompromised version of CCleaner was released the same day and a clean version of CCleaner Cloud was released on Sept. 15 , it said .
Only the cloud version could be updated automatically to remove the bad code .
The nature of the attack code suggests that the hacker won access to a machine used to create CCleaner , Williams said .
CCleaner does not update automatically , so those who installed the problematic version will need to delete it and install a fresh version , he said .
He also recommended running an antivirus scan .
Williams said that Talos detected the issue at an early stage , when the hackers appeared to be collecting information from infected machines , rather than forcing them to install new programs .
Piriform said in a news release that it had worked with U.S. law enforcement to shut down a server located in the United States to which traffic was set to be directed .
It said the server was closed down on Sept. 15 “ before any known harm was done . ”
Avast said little about the breach , posting nothing on its Twitter account in the 12 hours after the announcement and displaying nothing on its main web page .
Piriform 's news release and technical blog post did not mention Cisco or its partner Morphisec , instead crediting Avast with discovering the still-unexplained compromise .
After the controlling web addresses were seized , Cisco saw 200,000 attempts to connect to them .
So right now , this is where we stand .
– Hillary has won an outright majority of pledged delegates . She has won 2184 of them to Bernie 's 1804 .
– Hillary has won an outright majority of the votes , She has , as of right now , 15,571,64 to Bernie 's 11,888,779 , a margin of 3,682,864 .
– She has won the majority of primaries . Bernie has most of his wins in caucuses .
– She has an overwhelming majority of Superdelegates .
And yet we are met daily with a barrage of “ the system is rigged , ” pissing and moaning about closed primaries , and mentions about the kids and the future .
I 'm sick of it . The future is the future . This is about here and now . She 's won . End of story . Anything else is just delusional .
But let me get back to the god damned kids . I honestly do n't care if a bunch of political neophytes have a sad because Bernie is n't going to win . I do n't care if they hold a hissy fit . It 's time for them to grow the fuck up , and I am tired of the Bernie or Busters trashing the Democratic party because they do n't get their way .
Here 's the deal . I was a republican for years . I was a member of the party . I donated to them , voted for them , and worked to elect Republicans . I then realized I was an idiot and all the things I thought they stood for they do n't , and I beat a hasty retreat .
I looked around . I thought about just going independent . I nixed the idea because I realized this is a two party system , and if I want to be an effective part of the process , I had to be involved . So I joined the Democrats . I donate to the DNC , the DSCC , the DCCC , to individual candidates , to Democratic causes . I went and will go door to door . I phone banked . I helped raise money for Democrats . I feel a bit of ownership in my party . And my party chose Hillary Clinton , and that is who I am going to support in the fall .
I am also an adult , and realize that you take the good with the bad in a party . For every Sherrod Brown and Al Franken and Amy Klobuchar , there is a Ben Nelson . But that does n't change the fact that overall , the Democratic party has and continues to be , overall , a force for good . I 'm proud to be a Democrat . I like putting the sticker on my car and the sign in my yard , because I am proud of the party . I feel a sense of ownership an d personal pride because I have helped to make the party what it is .
So it really fucking pisses me off when I hear a bunch of kids who just recently even became old enough to vote , or a bunch of disaffected independents who could never bother to commit to a party because they are just above it all or too special to fit into the confines of the two parties or angry bitter old leftists screaming that Nader was right and the Democratic party is no different than the Republicans screaming that their guy , who has been a Democrat for a year , does n't get to win because they have really strong feels .
I want to kick puppies when I hear the whining about closed primaries . I wish they were all closed primaries . I think Democrats should choose the Democratic candidates . Fuck you , you special flower . Go join the Greens and vote for Jill Stein . In the general , you can vote for whomever is on the ballot . But in the primaries , you have to choose a party . Fucking deal .
I 'm sick of the bullshit . Every time I hear the whining about the kids- “ They love Bernie . They are the future ! ” – all I can think is well , maybe the can join the Democrats , put in the money , blood , sweat , and tears , and in a couple cycles they will create a movement within the party large enough that someone like Bernie Sanders will win . And you know what , if they do , loyal Dems like me will phone bank and go door to door and work to elect that person .
Basically , what we are dealing with when we hear about the kids not getting their way with Bernie is the political equivalent as the same annoying entitled fucks who at the age of 22 go on House Hunters and demand granite countertops and stainless steel appliances and his and her en suite bathrooms and wood floors and a big deck because “ they like to entertain. ” Go earn that shit , and until then , go fuck yourself . Here- a bunch of old dudes wrote a song about this before you were born , you obnoxious little shits .
Your drum circle entitles you to zero votes . Also , get off my grass .
PS- Richard and Tom are far more mature than me . But we all knew this .
The small town of Jama Ecuador has many multi-talented artists , and most of them dodge the spotlight . How can they get more recognition if someone does n't prod them forward from time to time ? !
Months ago my friend Luchy Cevallos wondered how to bring more attention to his cybercafe on incoming “ Jama Avenue. ” After a few test drives past his building , I suggested , “ Luchy ; people are looking straight ahead toward the center of town . You need something bright and colorful to turn their heads. ” A few weeks later as we painted the pole , he snickered when people slammed on brakes or swerved as they looked back as they drove past ! “ Someone is going to have an accident , ” he chuckled .
At night , Luchy pulls a few tables and chairs to the sidewalk to expand the social area ; calabash light fixtures dangle in front of the window , and a tempting menu prompts customers to place an order . Luchy also owns Cabanas Palo Santo , and I often wonder when he has time to create art . But create he does , and his fame is slowly spreading !
Inspired by the brightly-colored post , Sergio Hernan Berrios Silva , tourism director for the canton of Jama , spearheaded a competition to transform the concrete power poles on the incoming Jama Avenue into works of art . During the week of March 12- March 17 ( 2012 ) Sergio coaxed artists from 8 years too 30-something to tap into the creative influence of the Jama Coaque precolumbian indian designs and blaze Jama Avenue with paint ! Co-sponsored by Diners Club International , the contest triggered a current of creative energy that pulsated from one end of Jama Avenue to the other ! Neighbors loitered on the sidewalks or watched from the shadows of a nearby bench as young children dashed from pole to pole and compared styles , subject matter and techniques .
Jama 's multi-talented artist , Rycardo Aclivar , declined from entering the contest , yet painted numerous posts and encouraged others throughout the week . . . .
… .
… ..
… ..
…
.James Madden of nearby Lalo Loor Reserve not only painted dramatic designs but also mentored many of the younger artists . Other Lalo Loor volunteers contributed exceptional talent before other obligations pulled them away .
. . . . ..
.
.
.
By day three , many asked why I had not painted a pole , so on day four I joined the painting fiesta ! Within five minutes of setting up , I was joined by a handful of eager children wearing , “ Please may I help ? ” expressions on their faces ! Oh dear !
At times surprise showers halted the painting process . Paint dribbled down posts , and artists retreated for an hour or overnight until it stopped .
.
.
.
Like an army of ants , all artists repaired damage and resumed work when the sun smiled on us again ! .
.
.
.
.
.
.
Friday afternoon brought more onlookers ; some strolled by on foot . Some viewed the progress from mototaxis . Others observed from cars and trucks . All gave nods and words of approval as they watched their town transform .
Saturday found the most serious artists still at work . New volunteers , inspired by the explosion of color , joined forces and painted with extreme energy and focus !
Admiring each work , a panel of four judges walked the entire length of Jama Avenue and inspected each creation . A line of enthusiastic children trailed behind , and the difficult task of evaluating the poles cast a serious mood over the group .
Each judge rated the 52 posts on a scale of five to ten ; the scores were turned over to another panel , and the winners will be announced at a breakfast ceremony on the 29th of March .
. . . . . . .
.
.
.
.
.
A once-monthly week-long “ Painting Marathon ” has been discussed , and hopefully the town of Jama will continue to blossom into an arts community . In time , perhaps a gallery will represent this town full of aspiring artists , and people will smile and say , “ It started with one light pole. ” Z
Advertisements
Iran had planned to bomb an Israeli ship while it crossed the Suez Canal , the prosecution in Egypt 's state security court said , the Egyptian newspaper Al-Ahram reported on Saturday .
According to the report , two Egyptians were recently arrested and investigated for allegedly planning an attack on an Israeli ship in the Suez Canal .
The Suez Canal . Nir Kafri
Download the new and improved Haaretz app for iPhone and Android .
The investigation of the two found that they had received their instructions from Iranian agents , and that the two asked a third person , by the name of Mohamed Zakri , to carry out the act in exchange for 50 million Egyptian pounds .
The two denied the accusations against them .
In the past , Hezbollah terror cells that planned terror attacks , including in the Suez Canal , were found in Egypt . Moreover , Israeli officials have recently warned that Iran is setting up terror infrastructure on Egyptian soil to ready the ground for an operation .
What are your thoughts on this issue ? Follow Haaretz.com on Facebook and share your views
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
Haaretz reported last week that a high-ranking official in Jerusalem said that Iranian military experts have been active in Sinai and the Gaza Strip .
Several terror groups are now at large in Sinai , the source explained : local Bedouin , who are adopting the ideology of the Global Jihad ; groups supported by Iran , who are trying to recruit and train militants not only in Sinai but throughout Egypt ; and Palestinian organizations . Joining them are Global Jihad militants from Iraq , Afghanistan , Yemen and Saudi Arabia , said the official , adding that Israel and Egypt have a common interest in combating these terrorist elements .
He explained that `` many Palestinian organizations use the Sinai peninsula as a convenient area for activity , '' and added that Libya has meanwhile been transformed into a huge arms depot , from which weapons are transferred to Egypt and then the Gaza Strip .
Read this article in Hebrew
SAN ANTONIO ( Reuters ) - A federal appeals court ruled on Friday afternoon that students may pray and mention God at Saturday night 's graduation at a high school in a San Antonio suburb , overturning a district judge 's ruling .
“ Texas will continue to fight for the rights of all those who wish to pray in our state , ” Governor Rick Perry said in a statement commending the Fifth U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals ruling .
On Tuesday , U.S. District Judge Fred Biery had threatened incarceration if Medina Valley School District officials or students led the commencement ceremony audience in prayer or mentioned what Biery called in his ruling “ a supreme being . ”
The ruling said that the school could not use the words “ invocation ” and “ benediction ” at graduation because doing so would make it sound like the school is “ sponsoring a religion . ”
The appeals court ruled that the order restrained the free speech rights of the students , who “ are in fact not school-sponsored. ” The court also noted that the school had already changed the name of the name of the invocation and benediction .
“ I am so excited , I feel like this has been a huge blessing to see how God has worked in our lives , ” said Angela Hildenbrand , the valedictorian at Medina Valley High School in Castroville , and one of the people who successfully appealed the ruling . “ I absolutely believe Jesus made this happen . ”
Tuesday 's ruling followed a lawsuit against the district by agnostics Christa and Danny Schultz , who said their son might not take part in graduation if he were forced to participate in religious activities .
Ayesha Kahn , an attorney for Americans United for Church and State , which represents the Schultzes , said earlier this week that the district “ has been flouting the law for decades . ”
The issue struck a chord in Texas , where it is not uncommon for students to pray before tests and football games . Some of the state 's top elected officials weighed in against the district judge 's ruling , with Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott on Wednesday asking the appeals court to overturn that order . Abbott was backed by fellow Republicans Perry and Lieutenant Governor David Dewhurst .
The appeals court “ has affirmed our belief that no citizen has the right to go to the government to restrict or prohibit the speech of another citizen , ” said Kelly Shackelford , chief counsel for the Texas-based Liberty Institute , which intervened in the case on behalf of Hildenbrand .
Hildenbrand , who just turned 18 and plans to study music ministry in college , said she will reflect on the events of the past week when she delivers her valedictory remarks .
“ It is amazing how God works in our lives , ” she told Reuters .
Uber has been accused of taking too long to turn off its `` surge pricing '' feature after a deadly terror attack in the heart of London .
App users complained that they were being charged inflated prices on Saturday night after a van plowed into pedestrians on London Bridge and three knife-wielding men attacked revelers in a nearby nightlife district .
The backlash was intense on social media , where commentators said that Uber should have immediately disabled surge pricing for people trying to make their way home across the capital .
`` Hey @ Uber -- you 're really going to surge price x2.1 during a terrorist attack in # London ? ? ? '' said one Twitter user . `` Lower than low . ''
Another said : `` Big fan of @ Uber but bitterly disappointed in profiting from a terrorist attack . ''
Tom Elvidge , the general manager of Uber in London , said the company would not charge users for rides taken from areas near the attack . He also defended the company 's response .
`` As soon as we heard about the incident we immediately suspended dynamic pricing all around the area of the attacks -- and shortly afterward across the whole of central London -- just as we did follow the attacks in Manchester and Westminster , '' he said .
Related : 8 minutes of terror and mayhem
Uber fares are calculated using an algorithm that reacts to demand . The controversial pricing model , which is designed to lure drivers to areas where demand is high , is typically suspended during disasters and emergencies .
But the company has been criticized for not acting quickly enough .
On Saturday , the first calls to emergency services in London were made at 10:08 p.m. Uber said it had disabled surge pricing in the immediate area of the attack by 10:50 p.m. and extended the suspension to include all central London by 11:40 p.m .
Forty-eight people were injured in the attack and at least seven were killed . Police officers pursued and shot dead three attackers within eight minutes of the first emergency call , London police said .
SalesForce Marketing Cloud has ranked the top brands getting the most social media buzz for this year 's Super Bowl XLVII . The chart above shows which brands are getting the most mentions across social media in conjunction with Super Bowl conversations over the past seven days ( January 22 – 28 ) across all social media platforms .
Research In Motion has garnered 2nd place with the announcement of their first ever BlackBerry TV ad during the Super Bowl . The 8,600 mentions have all come almost entirely in the past three days . Social media users appear to be very excited about the unveiling of a BlackBerry 10 ad during the Super Bowl .
Are you excited ? What do you think the BlackBerry 10 TV ad needs to be like in order to gain solid traction ? Look for the commercial during the Super Bowl on February 3rd !
via Radian6
Thanks Cam !
Atomic Robo follows the thrice Eisner Award nominated adventures of a robot adventurer through a century of sci-fi action . The print comic began in 2007 and last year we started publishing them online at atomic-robo.com . All ten complete volumes are available for free and we 're uploading new pages from the eleventh volume every Monday , Wednesday , and Friday . And we add new pages to realscienceadventures.com every Tuesday and Thursday because we love you .
And while getting tons of free comics is great , we know a lot of folks prefer a physical copy . For instance , our whole audience who supported us from the beginning ! So , with the help of our maniacal fans and Kickstarter , we reprinted the first nine volumes as super fancy hardcover editions with all-new bonus content . Now , with the continued help of Kickstarter and maniacs , we 'll print the tenth volume , Atomic Robo and the Ring of Fire , as a hardcover to match the original set !
But then we thought : that previous campaign was kind of a big deal . I mean , nine books , tons of new merch , and a complete revolution in our business plan . After all that , how can we get people excited for just one more book ?
And then we thought : WE COULD MAKE A LIFE-SIZED PLUSH ROBO HEAD !
Technical Specs
AND THEN THAT 'S THE THING WE DID !
The Prototype
That 's right , folks . It really is a life-size , 1:1 ratio , plush version of Robo 's head as featured in the pages of ( spoiler alert ) The Ring of Fire !
Kind of amazing , ai n't it ? I mean , we could 've stopped there .
But then we thought : why ?
So , we 're also making the Task Force ULTRA Field Manual .
not final cover
Whereas the Tesladyne Field Guide is a collection of practical advice for surviving classic ( if impossible ) sci-fi scenarios , the ULTRA Field Manual provides , `` a basic doctrinal discussion on the organization and operations of TFULTRA and contains compartmentalized information essential to the security of physical constants , sustainability of life upon the Earth , and stability of the Solar System as well as Alternative Minkowski-Viable Spaces ( AMVS ) local to or intersecting with the Solar System . ''
So , y'know , some nice light reading . And very good graphs .
We 're offering hardcovers , signed items , postcards , stickers , posters , digital goodies , all kinds of stuff . Let 's break down the reward packages .
An abandoned theme park may seem like an unlikely attraction and more the spine-chilling stuff of nightmares , but Taman Festival Bali , about four kilometres north of Sanur , is a popular local jaunt and a photographer 's dream .
The eight-hectare park opened in 1997 as a Disney-style extravaganza : The world 's first inverted roller coaster , Bali 's biggest swimming pool , 3-D theatres , volcanos , laser shows , crocodiles . All was going swimmingly ( especially the crocs ) , until spooky Friday the 13th of March 1998 ( cue dramatic music ) when the five-million dollar laser equipment was struck by lightning .
Due to the Asian economic crisis , and dwindling tourist numbers in Bali , the insurance was n't forthcoming and generally the place was an economic loss . Taman Festival Bali closed its doors in 2000 . The park has been left abandoned since , and there have been all sorts of disputes regarding land ownership , we really do n't know the current legal status , but it remains as neglected as it was in 2000 .
And the crocs ? Well they have become a thing of urban legend . We heard stories locals would feed them chickens and later that the crocs resorted to cannibalism . Cannibal crocodiles . But what happened to that last one ? The one really big fat one that ate all the others ? ( cue dramatic music ) .
We entered from the side entrance via the beach and our first impressions were that it was just a derelict site of not much interest ( we had n't heard the croc stories ) , but wandering the overgrown paths and deserted buildings of this palace of urban decay it did n't take long before we were speaking in hushed tones and feeling a little spooked .
First we circumnavigated the crumbling volcano without a soul in sight , but as we meandered towards the front of the park , we were relieved to see some other explorers . Buildings are as densely covered in graffiti as vines , adding to the desolate ambience . A “ gang ” of local teenage girls were busy with spraycans and stencils and did n't seem fazed by our ... please log in to read the rest of this story .
Taman Festival Bali
4 kilometres north of Sanur , Jalan Padang Galak , Sanur
Admission : Free
Location map for Taman Festival Bali
The Greatest Dance EVER
So how many of you remember Bruce Springsteen 's `` Dancing in the Dark '' video ? You know , the one where he looks into the crowd and spies a cute girl with short black hair . That girl was none other than Courtney Cox and most people consider this to be her first big break into the business . Well anyway , as the video progresses Bruce pulls her up on stage with him and they begin to dance . Granted , they 're not `` dancing in the dark '' since it 's a well lit stage , but nobody seemed to care about that because one look at her and they 'd be all , `` Awwww ! Look how cute she is dancing her little heart out up there with him ! ''
Cut to the 90 's with the show `` Fresh Prince of Bel Air '' . It was a funny sitcom sure , but in my mind there is only one magical thing that actually made the show truly worth watching : The Carlton Dance ! If you are one of the few , sad , uncultured individuals who have never witnessed this amazing spectacle of rhythm and coordination , please feast your eyes upon the following two animations :
Breathtaking is n't it ? Seriously , there never has and never will be a greater dance . Well I recently found out that Alfonso Ribeiro ( Carlton ) actually came up with the dance after watching Courtney Cox dance in the Bruce Springsteen video . His dance is simply an exaggerated parody of what she did in the video ... and somehow that makes the Carlton Dance all the more hilarious when watching it .
Alfonso Ribeiro I salute you .
Leave a Reply
Previous post : The Xbox 360 on eBay or “ How idiotic can one be ? ”
Next post : Nothing like scraping off your car to put you in the holiday spirit
The Department of Labor 's Occupational Safety and Health Administration has cited the production company behind “ Midnight Rider ” for willful and serious safety violations related to the Feb. 20 train accident that killed camera assistant Sarah Jones and injured eight others during shooting on a trestle near Jesup , Ga . Proposed penalties were set at $ 74,900 .
“ Employers are responsible for taking the necessary precautions to protect workers ' health and safety , and the entertainment industry is no exception , ” David Michaels , assistant secretary of labor for occupational safety and health , said in a statement . “ It is unacceptable that Film Allman LLC knowingly exposed their crew to moving trains while filming on a live track and railroad trestle . ”
“ Their failure to develop a safety plan to prevent such hazards , including obtaining permission from the rail owner to use the tracks for filming , led to the death of one crew member and injuries to eight other employees , ” said Kurt Petermeyer , OSHA 's regional administrator for the southeast .
Director Randall Miller and producer Jody Savin , who set up Film Allman to make the biopic of singer Gregg Allman , are each facing criminal charges of involuntary manslaughter and criminal trespass . They have pleaded not guilty . Executive producer Jay Sedrish also is facing criminal charges , but he has not yet been arraigned .
Related Sarah Jones ' Family Settles With CSX Transportation in 'Midnight Rider ' Suit Sarah Jones ' Family Awarded $ 11.2 Million in 'Midnight Rider ' Suit
The OSHA citations are significant because federal investigators have concluded that the production did not have permission from railroad owner CSX to be on the tracks . An issue in the criminal case , as well as in civil suits brought by Jones ' family and others who were injured , is likely to be the extent to which defendants had knowledge of whether permission was given to be on the tracks .
OSHA issued two citations . One , listed as “ serious , ” was for exposing workers to “ fall hazards ” while working on a train trestle not quipped with guardrails or other fall protection measures . The proposed penalty is $ 4,900 . The maximum allowed for such a violation is $ 7,000 .
The other , listed as “ willful , ” was issued for failing to provide safety measures to protect employees from moving trains . A violation is listed as “ willful ” if it is “ one committed with intentional knowing or voluntary disregard for the law 's requirements , or with plain indifference to worker safety and health , ” according to OSHA . The proposed penalty is $ 70,000 , the maximum allowed for a “ willful ” violation .
OSHA said that the employees on the set “ were working from a live railroad trestle without any safety procedures established , such as securing the tracks from any type of train traffic in the area or having a plan that would allow ample time for everyone to exit the trestle with all of their equipment and props . This exposed employees to a hazard of being struck by a train traveling on the tracks . ”
The production will have 15 days to contest the violations or to request an informal conference .
Update : Jeffrey Harris , representing the family of Jones , issued this statement : “ While we have yet to see the full report , OSHA 's findings confirm that Sarah 's death was avoidable if common sense safety precautions and actions had been followed . It also confirms that safety was not the first priority on the set of “ Midnight Rider ' and that willful ignorance put Sarah — and others — at risk . We will continue the investigation into this tragedy and will hold all parties responsible for their actions or lack thereof . Sarah 's family is determined her death will not be in vain and that safety will be top priority for all involved in the film industry . Safety for Sarah . ”
* Reactor clears hurdle toward final NRC certification
* Focus on small modular reactor project
* Recycled nuclear fuel to generate electricity
By Jim Brumm
WILMINGTON , N.C. , Oct 28 - GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy has moved its reactor technology forward on two fronts this week .
The joint venture of General Electric Co ( GE.N ) and Hitachi Ltd ( 6501.T ) said the forward progress included talks that could result in research support for its Generation IV PRISM reactor , as part of a demonstration of small modular reactor technologies at the U.S. Department of Energy 's Savannah River Site .
Separately , the venture said its 1,520-megawatt Economic Simplified Boiling Water Reactor ( ESBWR ) reactor had passed a safety review with the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission 's Advisory Committee on Reactor Safeguards , clearing the way for final NRC certification by the fall of 2011 .
The technology offers what GE Hitachi says is “ the world 's most advanced passive safety features , simplified construction and operation , and the lowest core damage frequency on the market today . ”
It said the ESBWR is an evolutionary design based on the venture 's 1,350-megawatt advanced boiling water reactor ( ABWR ) .
The ABWR is the first and only Generation III reactor to be fully certified by the NRC , the venture said .
Since the technology was certified in 1997 , GE Hitachi said it has been used to build four reactors now operating in Japan . Four more reactors now under construction — two in Japan and two in Taiwan .
GE Hitachi said its memorandum of understanding with Savannah River Nuclear Solutions ( SRNS ) , which operates the Savannah River site for the Energy Department , sets the stage for continued talks on the licensing and deployment of a 299-megawatt PRISM reactor at the federally owned facility .
The Savannah River site is about 25 miles ( 40 km ) southeast of Augusta , Georgia , and SRNS is a partnership owned by Fluor Corp ( FLR.N ) Northrup Grumman Corp ( NOC.N ) and Honeywell International ( HON.N ) .
The PRISM reactor design , which completed Nuclear Regulatory Commission pre-application reviews in 1994 , is an advanced reactor technology that builds on U.S. research and development of sodium cooled reactors , GE Hitachi said .
It said a key attribute of PRISM technology is its ability to recycle “ spent ” nuclear fuel to generate electricity .
“ Working with SRNS toward the possibility of implementing our Generation IV PRISM reactor design is a major step , ” said GE Hitachi Chief Executive Caroline Reda . ( Editing by Thomas Brown and Lisa Shumaker )
Hugo Barra , Android at Google Director of Product Management , holds up the Nexus 10 tablet at a Google announcement in San Francisco , Monday , Oct. 29 , 2012 . Google is adding a few more gadgets to holiday shopping lists . The devices announced Monday include the latest in Google 's line of Nexus smartphones and a larger version of the 7-inch tablet that the company began selling in July under the Nexus brand . ( AP Photo/Jeff Chiu )
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) — Google is cramming a few more gadgets on to already crowded holiday shopping lists .
The devices announced Monday include the latest in Google 's line of Nexus smartphones and a larger version of the 7-inch Nexus 7 tablet , which the company began selling in July . It 's also adding cellular capabilities to the Nexus 7 and doubling the capacity of existing models .
The Nexus 4 smartphone is being made by LG Electronics Inc. and features a minor update to Google 's Android operating system , which now powers more than 500 million devices worldwide . A more comprehensive makeover , known as Key Lime Pie , is expected next year . The version of Android affected by these changes is known as Jelly Bean .
The larger Nexus tablet is being made by Samsung Electronics Co. and features a display screen that measures about 10 inches diagonally , about the same size as Apple Inc. 's top-selling iPad .
With these additions to its product lineup , Google joins a procession of companies selling a gamut of sleek and powerful computing devices in different shapes and sizes . Some are smartphones and others are tablet computers , but they all aim to cater to people 's growing interest to have easily portable devices that can be used to connect to the Internet , take pictures , watch video , play games and read books , magazines and newspapers .
Google 's Nexus devices will be competing with gadgets from such companies as Apple Inc. , Amazon.com Inc. , Barnes & Noble Inc. , Samsung and Microsoft Corp. Microsoft released a new tablet called Surface last week and launched new software for phones on Monday .
The array of phones and tablets hitting the market underscores how much mobile computing is shaking up the technology industry . The shift has undercut sales of desktop and laptop computers , decreasing the amount of revenue that Microsoft gets from licensing Windows and hurting companies such as Hewlett-Packard Co. and Dell Inc. that make the machines .
Although Android has ensured that Google 's search engine and other services play a prominent role in mobile computing , Google also is experiencing some short-term pain because the advertising rates on phones and tablets so far have n't been as high as the prices on desktops and laptops . Advertising accounts for most of Google 's revenue .
Google 's introduction of a larger tablet comes less than a week after Apple announced it 's making a smaller , less expensive iPad , with a 7.9-inch display , to compete with the Nexus 7 and Amazon.com Inc. 's Kindle Fire . The iPad Mini will be available in stores Friday .
Some analysts have questioned whether consumers will balk at the iPad Mini 's $ 329 price for a device with 16 gigabytes of storage . Google is widening the price difference between the iPad Mini and its smaller tablet by cutting $ 50 off the price of a comparable , 16-gigabyte Nexus 7 , to $ 199 . The 8-gigabyte version , which had sold for $ 199 , will be discontinued . A Nexus 7 with 32 gigabytes of storage is being introduced for $ 249 in an apparent effort to discourage even more people from buying the iPad Mini . The cheapest Nexus 7 is still pricier than the Kindle Fire , which starts at $ 159 for a no-frills model .
The Nexus 7 tablets will continue to be sold at Google 's Play store online as well as such retailers as GameStop , Office Depot , Office Max , Staples and Wal-Mart .
Analysts estimate Google has sold several million Nexus 7 tablets so far . Google declined to disclose how many units have shipped . The tablet `` has been an amazing success , '' said Hugo Barra , Android 's director of product management . `` We had to work extra hard to meet demand . ''
Nexus 7 owners have been buying and looking at so much content on the tablet that Google decided to create a larger version with Samsung , Barra said . The Nexus 7 is made by AsusTek Computer Inc .
The Nexus 10 tablet with 16 gigabytes of storage will sell for $ 399 . That 's $ 100 less than the comparable version of the latest iPad , though the older iPad 2 is still available at that price . The Nexus 10 goes on sale in Google 's online store Nov. 13 .
Both the Nexus 10 and the new Nexus 7 models will allow multiple users to create separate personal profiles on the devices by using different account names and passwords .
The Nexus 4 phone boasts a 4.7-inch screen , larger than Apple 's recently released iPhone 5 and just slightly smaller than Samsung 's flagship phone , the Galaxy S III . A 16-gigabyte model of the Nexus 4 will sell for $ 199 with a two-year contract to buy phone service and Internet access from T-Mobile . A contract-free version is available for $ 299 with 8 gigabytes of storage and $ 349 for the 16-gigabyte model . Google is touting the Nexus 4 's wireless charging capability as a major selling point .
She 's a housewife and mother like any other , except that she carries a gun for her government and is part of an elaborate border defense plan .
This story has been inspired by the author 's sojourn and travels in the Middle East , a region steeped in ancient culture , contradiction and conflict and describes an episode in a female soldier 's life struggling with motherhood and house-holding after a mission gone wrong .
* * *
Quotes :
“ Instead of fisher villages there is only the sea , in place of unbroken settlements : high-rises out of nowhere . The gravel of old roads long ago crushed into desert sand by hooves , feet and tanks : invisible scars under sun burnt tar and the tires of automobiles . ”
“ that missing part of her , a silhouette drawn in the gasoline of longing and set on fire by a desperate forgetfulness . ”
Talking to the Berliner Morgenpost , Dieter Faulenbach da Costa , who was responsible for planning the project up until 1999 , said he doubted whether the airport would ever be opened .
Berlin-Brandenburg Airport ( BER ) was supposed to open to the public in 2011 , providing the German capital with a modern transport hub to replace the smaller airports at Schönefeld and Tegel .
But a series of planning failures have delayed the opening by years , with city authorities now claiming it will open in 2017 .
Da Costa believes though that modifications to the design of the fire safety systems , which are the main reason for the delay in the opening , will make the project unworkable .
“ The restructuring of the fire safety systems which has been going on for the last four years at BER will prevent the opening of the new airport , ” he told the Morgenpost .
Da Costa criticized the airport management for too hastily ditching the old fire safety system .
“ Instead of completing the [ fire ] apparatus which complied with original construction permit and then testing it , they decided to take on restructuring projects , ” he said .
Berlin authorities responded to the former planner 's comments by saying it was sticking to the scheduled opening at the end of 2017 .
“ We already commented fully on this problem and to our current plan for the opening on Friday . We have nothing more to add , ” spokesperson for the airport Lars Wagner said .
Earlier in April the airport sacked its previous PR chief for being slightly too honest about failures in the project .
Daniel Abbou described previous management as a shit show and said “ up until now official statements always said that the project was going well . That 's bullshit . ''
Due to the chronic delays , the state governments of Berlin and Brandenburg are also likely to have to pay out millions in compensation to airlines which planned their businesses around a 2011 opening .
If you thought meditation was good only for your emotional well-being , think again : A new study suggests it may also alleviate the symptoms of two gut disorders .
The study looked at people who had either irritable bowel syndrome ( IBS ) or irritable bowel disease ( IBD ) . It found that those who did yoga and meditation regularly for two months had fewer symptoms associated with the two gut disorders .
This mind/body intervention seemed to work by inducing genetic changes in the body , the study authors said . The findings suggest that stress-relieving meditation can suppress the activities of genes that help cause inflammation and other immune system problems in people with IBS or IBD , the study stated .
Previous research has shown that meditation can change people 's gene expression in some ways , but the new study is among the first to show an impact on gene expression in people with a specific disease , said lead researcher Braden Kuo , a gastroenterologist at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston . The study used a mind/body technique called relaxation response , which a Harvard University doctor developed in the 1970s .
The new findings are especially interesting given that researchers have established a relationship between stress and digestive problems . Research has shown that psychological trauma can contribute to IBS , a disorder that leads to abdominal pain , constipation and diarrhea .
The condition is fairly common in the United States , affecting about 1 in every 10 people at some point in their lives , according to the International Foundation for Functional Gastrointestinal Disorders . Yet scientists do not exactly know what causes the disorder .
Although IBS and IBD can be mistaken as the same condition , they are actually very different . Unlike IBS , IBD involves chronic inflammation of the digestive tract . The two main types of IBD are ulcerative colitis , which affects the colon , and Crohn 's disease , which mostly affects the intestines but can occur anywhere in the digestive system .
However , IBS and IBD share some common factors : Both can be triggered by stress , and neither has real treatment options . The drugs currently available can only lessen the severity of symptoms and bring some temporary relief .
In the new study , researchers enrolled 19 people with IBS and 29 with IBD . They all underwent a nine-week program that included breathing exercises , meditation and yoga . They met for a group session every week and practiced the activities at home for 15 to 20 minutes every day .
Symptoms and genes
The researchers assessed the participants ' symptoms before , after and midway through the study , and they took blood samples for genetic analyses . However , the study did not include a separate control group of patients who did not practice meditation .
At the end of the study , the participants reported a reduction in their symptoms compared with what they experienced at the study 's start . A genetic analysis of their blood provided evidence of changes in genetic pathways related to the two disorders .
Significantly , more genetic changes were observed in people with IBD than in those with IBS , said Manoj Bhasin , who co-authored the study and is the director of bioinformatics at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston . Researchers found that more than 1,000 genes were altered in IBD patients over the study period , whereas only 119 genes changed in the people with IBS .
The activities of one inflammation-related gene were suppressed in both groups , according to the study . This suggests that meditation and similar practices may offset stress and inflammation , the researchers said .
“ In both IBS and IBD , the pathway controlled by a protein called NF-kB emerged as one of those most significantly affected by the relaxation response , ” Towia Libermann , a senior researcher for the study and an assistant professor at Harvard Medical School , said in a statement . It 's possible that relaxation techniques could help both people with IBS and those with IBD , he said .
The researchers noted two important limitations in the study : First , two tests that measured certain markers of inflammation in the blood showed no changes over the study period . Second , previous research has shown that even a placebo can sometimes produce adequate relief of IBS symptoms .
More studies , including randomized trials that include a control group , are needed before meditation and yoga could be suggested as a treatment for patients with these disorders , the researchers said .
— Live Science
8 Tips to Be a Probiotic Pro
5 Ways Gut Bacteria Affect Your Health
11 Surprising Facts About the Digestive System
Watford shelled out £2,000 to pay for taxis that rescued a group of supporters who found themselves stranded while making the long trip to Newcastle for Saturday 's Premier League meeting between the two sides .
Around 30 fans got stuck at the motorway services in Leicestershire when one of the official supporters ' coaches broke down on the hard shoulder , roughly 100 miles into their 270-mile voyage to St James ' Park .
However , the Hornets responded by laying on emergency minibus taxis for the group , who eventually made it to the stadium in plenty of time to watch their side rack up an impressive 3-0 win .
Massive congrats to @ WatfordFC who paid , for the stranded fans on a broken down coach , for taxis from Derby to Newcastle saying 'they must be at the stadium ' . Legends . # watfordfc # COYH # GinoPozzo — Jezza ( @ Jezza2902 ) November 25 , 2017
Simon Alexander was one of the travelling Watford fans who found themselves stranded in the Midlands , along with his 14-year-old son .
`` About two hours into the journey the coach started juddering and it just died on the hard shoulder , '' he told BBC Sport .
`` The club got us all in lovely eight-seater mini vans and we got up to Newcastle at about 1.30pm . It was absolutely perfect .
`` I do n't think any other club would have done that . My cab alone was £347 . We were all so grateful . ''
Nice to see a club looking after their own . Lovely stuff .
Dean Mouhtaropoulos/Getty Images
David Moyes is facing a boardroom revolt at Manchester United and could be replaced by current Netherlands manager Louis van Gaal .
This is according to an ESPN FC report that claims the idea of sacking Moyes “ has been properly raised for the first time ” and that failure to overturn a 2-0 aggregate deficit to Champions League opponents Olympiakos “ could well bring the pressure to a breaking point . ”
In other words , Moyes could conceivably be forced out of Old Trafford by week 's end with van Gaal lined up as his replacement .
The 62-year-old has already been linked to the managerial post at Tottenham Hotspur , as per The Guardian , and in the event United appointed him , they would still have to make interim arrangements for what remains of their disappointing season .
Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images
But in van Gaal they would be getting a manager who has made a career out of stabilising the unstable , of regrouping the scattered .
The current Bayern Munich side , for example , was largely crafted by the Dutchman , who was brought in following the disastrous tenure of Jurgen Klinsmann . And in circumstances similar to those he 'd be facing at United , he replaced an interim manager ( Jupp Heynckes ) who had been called upon in early spring .
The likes of Arjen Robben , David Alaba and Manuel Neuer were acquired under van Gaal 's watch , and the former Barcelona boss brought youngsters including Thomas Muller and Toni Kroos into his setup as well .
By the time he left the Bavarian giants just 648 days later , he had laid a new , solid foundation at the club while winning a league and cup double for good measure .
Interestingly , it was van Gaal who was thought to be United 's manager-in-waiting when Sir Alex Ferguson first pondered retirement back in 2002 . “ Man U close in on Van Gaal , ” was The Guardian 's headline on January 23 of that year , and van Gaal told the outlet he “ knew ” he “ was first on the list ” to succeed the Scot .
More recently the Mirror speculated that van Gaal and current Ajax manager Frank de Boer could form a “ managerial dream team ” in the event Moyes got the sack .
Of course , van Gaal would hardly be expected to begin the sort of lengthy reign United enjoyed under both Ferguson and Sir Matt Busby .
That he requires such complete autonomy in his job often means his exits are hardly amiable , and following his 1997 departure from Ajax , he has never spent more than four seasons at any particular club .
Not that this would in any way go against the grain of modern football . Quite the contrary : It would only serve to reinforce the notion that the six-year deal handed Moyes was both naive and the result of a sense of exceptionalism at Old Trafford .
After all , if Premier League rivals Chelsea have proven anything in recent years , it 's that managerial stability has little correlation to winning .
No , van Gaal will not be the long-term answer at Manchester United if appointed . No one person will be . And once gone , the Dutchman will leave the club seeking a candidate to build on his foundation—after which it 'll repeat the process , again and again .
It 's into this brave new world that United are entering—that the struggles of Moyes have bid them enter .
Follow @ jerradpeters
Following his meeting with the German Minister of Foreign Affairs , Dr. Frank-Walter Steinmeier , on Wednesday 13 January 2016 , former Syrian Prime Minister - General Coordinator of the Supreme Commission for Negotiations , Dr. Riad Hijab , affirmed the opposition 's readiness to : participate in the political process leading to the establishment of a transitional governing body with full executive authority , the establishment of a pluralistic system which is representative and inclusive of all Syrian people ; Bashar al-Assad and his regime will not be part of any future political arrangements .
( Photo : http : //photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160113/321782 )
The visit comes as part of efforts by the Supreme Commission for Negotiations to consult with Syria 's friends on the most effective ways to contribute to the political process and to finalise necessary arrangements for the start of the negotiations . Dr. Hijab reviewed with the German Foreign Minister the preparations by the Supreme Commission for Negotiations in this context , as well as , the outcome of meetings between the Supreme Commission for Negotiations and UN Special Envoy to Syria , Mr. Staffan de Mistura .
Dr. Hijab added : `` I stressed to Dr. Steinmeier the need for securing the right conditions for the start of negotiations , and in particular : pressing foreign forces in Syria to a ceasefire and committing to articles ( 12 ) and ( 13 ) of UNSCR 2254 , including lifting the siege imposed on cities to enable humanitarian agencies to deliver aid to all those in need , the release of all detainees , ceasing aerial shelling and artillery attacks against civilians and civilian targets , followed by other good will and confidence-building measures . ''
Dr. Hijab confirmed that the Supreme Commission for Negotiations believes in the need to separate the humanitarian track which all parties must unconditionally adhere to in accordance with binding UN resolutions , and the political track , which must be pursued by convincing the regime 's allies to cease combat and withdraw foreign militias and mercenaries in urgent adherence to international law which prohibits bombing populated areas . This is no longer in the hands of the regime as it has lost its sovereign decision-making ability , and hence , it is futile to negotiate with its representatives .
Dr. Hijab added : `` I expressed my doubts to Dr. Steinmeier of the feasibility of negotiating with a regime that has lost its sovereignty , its presence has diminished to 18 percent of the Syrian territory , it has lost control of most border crossings and supply and transportation routes , and half of the Syrian population lives outside its control ; all this , while foreign forces and cross-border militias fight on its behalf . '' Dr. Hijab reiterated the need for the international community 's support in reaching an agreement with the various regional and international parties for a cease-fire , and for the delivery of aid to affected areas , where some five million Syrian refugees take shelter in neighbouring countries , and about 6 million Syrians are displaced living in areas outside the control of the regime .
The regime 's targeting of civilians with barrel bombs and systematic shelling has led to the draining of the country 's population and forcing many to migrate to a number of countries , but predominately towards Europe . This only serves the agendas of terrorist groups who benefit from continued fighting , targeting global security , and the security of Europe in particular .
Dr. Hijab concluded that his visit comes as part of efforts to persuade the international community and ensure a negotiating atmosphere conducive of genuine peace-building ; cessation of combat , a formation of an international monitoring and supervisory mechanism to ensure the commitment of various parties , collaboration on the removal of all foreign forces , securing border crossings and supply routes , provision of safe zones , delivery of aid to affected areas , and other measures that are mostly outside the control of the regime .
SOURCE Office of Dr Riad Hijab , Former Prime Minister of Syria
Chelsea will be refereed by Mike Dean for the first time since Jose Mourinho blasted him after a defeat by Sunderland .
Dean will take charge of the Blues ' testing trip to Manchester City , where they look to extend their lead at the top of the Premier League .
But there will be no love lost between Mourinho and Dean after Chelsea 's 2-1 loss at the tail end of last season .
Mike Dean will take charge of this weekend 's big match between Manchester City and Chelsea
Chelsea assistant manager Rui Faria was sent to the stands by Premier League official Mike Dean
REFEREE APPOINTMENTS FOR SEPTEMBER 20 & 21 Saturday September 20 QPR V Stoke - Martin Atkinson Aston Villa v Arsenal - Mike Jones Burnley v Sunderland - Anthony Taylor Newcastle v Hull - Neil Swarbrick Swansea v Southampton - Jonathan Moss West Ham v Liverpool - Craig Pawson Sunday September 21 Leicester v Manchester United - Mark Clattenburg Tottenham v West Brom - Kevin Friend Everton v Crystal Palace - Michael Oliver Manchester City v Chelsea - Mike Dean
Dean awarded a penalty against Cesar Azpilicueta for a challenge on Jozy Altidore , with Fabio Borini tucking home from the spot to end Mourinho 's unblemished home record .
He then sent Blues assistant boss Rui Faria to the stands after Faria protested the decision furiously .
Mourinho sarcastically congratulated the officials after the match , when at the time it looked like Liverpool would win the title .
Mourinho said aftet the April clash : ‘ The first [ point ] is to congratulate my players . They did everything they could , playing from the first minute to the last seconds , and deserved that . Sometimes we praise the players when we win . I think it 's fair to praise my players after the defeat .
‘ Secondly , congratulations to Sunderland . It does n't matter how , why or in which way they won , they won . They won three fantastic points . I think it 's also fair to congratulate them .
Sunderland striker Fabio Borini scored from the penalty spot after Dean awarded his side a penalty
‘ Third point , I want to congratulate again Mike Dean . I think his performance was unbelievable and I think when referees have unbelievable performances , I think it 's fair that as managers we give them praise . So , fantastic performance . He came here with one objective . To make a fantastic performance . And he did that .
‘ And fourth , congratulations also to Mike Riley , the referees ' boss . What they are doing through the whole season is fantastic , especially in the last couple of months , and in teams involved in the title race . Absolutely fantastic . '
Mourinho was later fined £10,000 by the Football Association , but insists he has no issue with Dean , or referees ' chief Mike Riley .
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
XXXXXX TEAM NEWS
LIVERPOOL 'S players will be greeted with the customary roar from the Kop tomorrow afternoon . Anfield will fire up Brendan Rodgers ' squad as they prepare to kick-off against West Ham United .
And the Red faithful will do everything in their power to inspire their team to three points .
But the fans ' applause should also be reserved for those behind the scenes at Liverpool .
For the dedicated group of sports scientists , doctors and fitness experts who have managed to keep a small squad fighting on several fronts this season .
The faces you see in the dugout but the names that most will not know and the people who have played a significant , yet understated , part in every success this campaign .
Rodgers revamped the medical and science departments on arrival at Melwood last summer and has always been keen to talk highly of their work .
The Reds boss mentioned their efforts again yesterday as he spoke about the foundations that have been laid for next season and beyond .
Rodgers has largely discussed their work in broad terms but the manager has seen fit to highlight the efforts of one man in particular .
Glen Driscoll , the club 's head of performance , has proved as influential as any of Rodgers ' signings .
Driscoll was part of the team which moved north from Swansea City with the manager in June and earlier this year his profile increased .
Rodgers has credited the work of Driscoll in helping captain Steven Gerrard play every minute of every Premier League game this season .
The skipper 's performance against Aston Villa was another reminder of how important his continued fitness is to the side .
After an injury hampered period in his career , Gerrard 's ever presence on the pitch has been the most welcome of gifts .
Rodgers says the personalised training and recovery regimes , developed by Driscoll and his team , have been vital in Gerrard 's ability to feature game after game .
“ We have a 90 % availability rate which is pretty cool bearing in mind we 've had a reduced squad this season and also been in Europe , ” said Driscoll .
“ With regards to Steven and Daniel Agger , for example , we clearly had to prioritise the players with the highest injury history .
“ If you are getting your key players out on the pitch then it is going to increase your probability of winning football matches .
“ You can tell from the players they have a real trust in the methodologies and in the way the manager works .
“ But they trust all the staff here now .
“ We are going to provide the best possible service for them . They have really bought into this and the other players can see the good things that have happened with the most professional players and that keeps the cycle continuing .
“ We give the players the best possible opportunities to stay as fit as they can and be as fit as they can and so a lot of staff here should be proud . ”
As Rodgers has explained , Liverpool do n't operate with ‘ one size fits all ' mentality when it comes to player fitness .
“ It is just a case of not throwing the blanket around every single one and seeing them as the same , ” he said .
“ They are very much a team but you have to look at the individual . ”
For example , Driscoll and the rest of the medical department have been working closely with defender Martin Kelly who is on the way back from long-term injury .
“ With Martin Kelly he has had an extensive injury history and that is normally the key predisposing factor to future injuries , ” said Driscoll .
“ He should look towards Steven Gerrard and be positive about what can be achieved . Sometimes you need some luck as well . Some injuries are preventable and some are n't .
“ When people talk about injury prone players , it is simply the intrinsic make-up of the player . Sometimes you have a disadvantage and those structures are just not as good . We have to be more vigilant and make sure that all the work we put into them outside and in the gym gives them the best possible chance to remain fit . Some people we could do nothing with and they would remain injury free .
“ We have to make sure that we are on every variable we can possibly be . That is something we have done very well here . We have made every player accountable for every trait of their status , whether it be physical , mental and also technical and tactical because we have analytics departments linking in with the manager . It is important that each player is 100 % committed and at his peak on all those levels . ”
Driscoll has held similar roles at Chelsea and Swansea City and explains what his position entails at Liverpool .
The medical departments meet at Melwood each morning at 8.30 before briefing Rodgers in the management meeting .
“ In effect my role is that of a keystone between the medical science departments linking towards up towards the management , ” he said .
“ So it can be quite a pivotal role .
“ For the club it allows efficiency between the departments . The input you give towards the players – which can be quite substantial and complex these days – is in alignment with all the methodologies throughout . You have a common philosophy throughout .
“ The advantage of my role is that , because of previous experience and skill base , I can support in all those areas and also bring in information and expertise between those areas and make it more comprehensible for the manager . ”
Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . A growing number of British couples are undergoing procedures at clinics overseas to determine the gender of their babies . However , as the BBC 's Colette McBeth reports , this service is often offered illegally . Like many a story , it started out with a simple conversation with a friend . Is that really possible ? I remember asking , before going straight home to my laptop and typing the words `` gender selection '' in the search engine . My friend had told me she knew of someone who was going abroad to have a daughter through IVF . The woman in question had two boys , both conceived naturally , but had a burning desire for a girl and did n't want to leave anything to chance . Once on the internet , I was amazed to learn how many women not only wanted the same but felt so strongly about it . I found whole websites devoted to discussion about where gender selection was legal ( not the UK or most of Europe ) and the cost of treatment ( anything from £7,000 to £17,000 ) .
Many patients who were planning to go abroad were completely confused as to where it was legal and where it was n't
UK couples 'choosing baby gender ' Women who had four boys but could n't rest until they had a daughter , or three girls and desperately wanted a son . And this was n't a cultural thing . If anything , girls won over boys . It is possible to almost guarantee the sex of a baby using IVF and a type of embryos screening called Pre-Implantation Genetic Diagnosis ( PGD ) . In most countries , though , PGD is used only for medical reasons . So if there is a genetic disease which runs in boys , couples would be allowed to have PGD to implant only female embryos . Website adverts Some countries , such as the US and Russia , do allow sex selection - but I quickly realised there was a problem with all of this . Many patients who were planning to go abroad were completely confused as to where it was legal and where it was n't . And some clinics seemed to be profiting out of the confusion . One such clinic is the Jinemed Center in Istanbul . It has a slick website and boasts the claim `` life begins with us '' . It was also advertising on a gender selection website . You could even plan a fortnight 's break in the sun , tell your friends you 're taking the family on holiday and go for IVF/PGD . The only problem with all of that is that gender selection is illegal in Turkey . No matter , I found many posts in which women said they 'd had treatment there or had been told it was possible . And it happened two Jinemed representatives were coming to London for the weekend to see prospective patients . Secret filming So one Sunday a few weeks ago I went along to a dental practice in Shepherds Bush in London where the Jinemed had hired a room . I took a small handbag which in itself was fairly normal except this one contained a hidden camera . We ( my husband accompanied me ) waited an hour to be seen . The doctor and nurse had been rushed off their feet , it seemed . Putting three embryos back in a young woman is really bad practice because of the high risk of multiple pregnancy
Professor Peter Braude
King 's College London Two days of back-to-back appointments - and 50 % of those couples wanted sex selection . I began to explain our story . `` I 'm 33 and we have two boys conceived naturally and ... '' Before I could finish the nurse interjected with a smile . `` And you want a daughter . '' Over the course of half an hour they explained the costs involved and said we could have the whole procedure done in Turkey . They also said they normally put in three embryos . That rang alarm bells . The maximum in the UK is two and most doctors would like to see that reduced to one because multiple pregnancy is the single greatest risk with IVF . Baby impact In an earlier conversation it was suggested any extra foetuses could be `` taken out '' or aborted if I did get pregnant with twins or triplets . I showed Professor Peter Braude of King 's College London our footage . Having been involved in IVF for many years he advocates implanting only one embryo in women going for fertility treatment . He said : `` Putting three embryos back in a young woman is really bad practice because of the high risk of multiple pregnancy . `` So even if you went abroad for treatment and had your IVF treatment you 're bringing those twins back for care in this country - and besides the impact on the NHS there 's significant impact on those babies . '' Despite being told we had filmed its representatives offering to carry out the procedure , the Jinemed Center says it does not do it , and always warns patients about the risks of multiple pregnancies . But , after contacting the Turkish government with our findings , it has now launched an official investigation into the Jinemed Center and warned UK patients not to travel there for gender selection . Proof if needed that the desire to complete a family with a son or a daughter by going down the `` high tech '' route could turn into a legal nightmare .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ?
EARTH CITY , Mo . -- While crowds at Rams Park are up about 70 percent from last year 's training camp , the longtime attendees who have muddled through the summer heat in recent years must feel like they 're watching practice with the fast forward button permanently pushed .
That 's because , if nothing else , the 2013 edition of the St. Louis Rams is noticeably faster after an offseason in which big money and valuable draft picks were spent to upgrade an offense that 's been sorely lacking in the speed department .
“ There 's no doubt that this offense has a totally different feel than the one last year , ” quarterback Sam Bradford said . “ I think if you look at some of the pieces that we 've added , we 're faster . We 're faster at almost all the positions on the field now . I think that puts a lot of stress on the defense . If they hesitate for a second , we 're by them . We 're going to have to figure out how to best utilize that speed and the things that we can do with that . ”
Therein lies the challenge for Bradford and , more specifically , offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer .
Like Bradford , Schottenheimer says this season 's offense has more speed than any group he 's ever been around . In addition to returning starting receiver Chris Givens , the Rams added one of the fastest tight ends in the league in Jared Cook via free agency and the most dynamic multipurpose weapon in the draft in Tavon Austin .
They also have a speedy stable of running backs , headlined by Daryl Richardson and Isaiah Pead .
How that all manifests itself when the regular season arrives remains to be seen , but all signs in this camp point to a far different offensive personality than the grind-it-out Rams of the Steven Jackson era .
Bradford is quick to point out that the Rams are using a lot more `` 11 '' ( one running back , one tight end , three receivers ) and `` 12 '' ( one running back , two tight ends , two receivers ) personnel . The alignment options they have within those personnel groupings vary nearly every play during camp .
Those personnel groupings will likely turn into a more up-tempo offense meant to play off the additional speed the team has added .
“ I think that gives us the flexibility to move people around and play them in different spots , ” Bradford said . “ Last year , I think , there were times where we were pretty predictable as far as who was going to be where and what we were going to do . I think just changing the looks , changing the formations slightly , moving guys around … I think that confuses the defense a little bit . ”
Entering his second season in Schottenheimer 's offense , Bradford 's understanding of the scheme is advanced beyond any of the offenses he 's worked in previously . This is the first time he 's been in the same offense for more than one season .
That would n't mean much if coach Jeff Fisher , general manager Les Snead and Schottenheimer had n't taken steps necessary to surround him with talent .
In fan and media circles , the phrase `` make or break '' has been thrown around quite a bit as it pertains to Bradford , but Fisher insists those conversations are n't taking place within the walls of Rams Park .
“ He 's improving , which is good , ” Fisher said . “ But I 've said this all the time , the better the people that are surrounding him are , the better chance he has of taking another step . I think we 've done everything we can to this point doing that with Cook , and the young receivers from last year , Austin [ Pettis ] is improving , so it 's a good group around him . Now we 've got to protect him , which I feel like we can . It 's early , but our offensive line is certainly a lot different than it was to start last year . ”
THREE HOT ISSUES
1.Who steps up at the skill positions ?
One of the biggest questions facing St. Louis is whether fast players like Tavon Austin can turn talent into production . David Welker/Getty Images
All of the speed the Rams added to the offense wo n't mean much if the young Rams receivers and running backs do n't turn raw potential into production .
Pettis is the longest-tenured receiver or running back on the roster , and he 's entering just his third season in the league . Cook , who is in his fifth season , is the most experienced pass-catcher of the group but technically qualifies as a tight end . He 's clearly formed an early bond with Bradford in camp .
Given looks to be the one receiver whose spot on the depth chart is etched in stone as he heads into his second season . Second-year wideout Brian Quick has been mostly inconsistent in camp , but his size makes him an appealing possibility as a potential foil opposite the speedy Givens . For now , it 's Pettis holding firm in that spot .
Rookie Stedman Bailey could also force his way into the picture as he 's made a solid first impression during camp .
At running back , Richardson looks to be the leader in the clubhouse as he and Pead enter their second NFL seasons . Rookies Zac Stacy and Benny Cunningham , as well as second-year back Terrance Ganaway , are also trying to work their way into the mix .
In a perfect world , all of those players will be ready to contribute right away and Schottenheimer can find ways for everybody to be a factor .
“ I think , honestly , if we just design good plans and the guys work hard and know what they 're doing , the ball 's going to get spread around -- that 's the key , ” Schottenheimer said . “ Sam 's got to read his progressions . The ball is going to go to the open guy . You get in trouble when you 're limited and you try to force a ball to a guy or two , but when you have multiple weapons , the ball gets spread around pretty good . ”
The Rams have made it clear they have no issue with relying on young players , but it could be asking a lot of such an inexperienced group to take big steps forward for the offense to take shape right away .
2 . The Walton Effect
Although he 's just entering his first season as an NFL defensive coordinator , Tim Walton is certain to be an upgrade over the person who filled the position in 2012 : nobody .
Walton comes to the Rams from Detroit , where he coached defensive backs in a similar system under head coach Jim Schwartz .
The Rams played the entire 2012 season without a defensive coordinator after the NFL suspended Gregg Williams for his role in the Saints bounty scandal . Williams ' son Blake , who was working as the linebackers coach , handled most of the defensive play-calling duties but was not asked to return after he did n't mesh well with the rest of a veteran defensive coaching staff .
The defense wo n't take on any major modifications under Walton as the system remains the collaboration of Fisher , assistant head coach Dave McGinnis and others . Those collaborative efforts will remain in place when it comes to game planning , but Walton will call the plays on game day .
Walton 's history working with defensive backs has also come in handy with a young group aside from cornerback Cortland Finnegan . Throughout camp , Walton has been regularly seen working with the secondary during individual periods .
While opinions about whether having a defensive coordinator will make a big difference are mixed , Finnegan believes it can only help a unit that improved to the middle of the pack in 2012 make another move up in the upcoming season .
“ I think that 's huge for us , ” Finnegan said . “ You talk about not having that voice last year , and we still did well . I think , this year , having him being able to say yea or nay to stuff and really working on fundamentals , I think that 's something someone like myself and the guys can really benefit from him . ”
3 . Can the offensive line stay healthy ?
The only position group on the Rams offense that boasts plenty of meaningful NFL experience is the offensive line . That 's a great place to have it , so long as that group can stay intact .
While the left-guard job still needs to be sorted out between Chris Williams and Shelley Smith , the other four on the line -- left tackle Jake Long , center Scott Wells , right guard Harvey Dahl and right tackle Rodger Saffold -- have combined for 289 regular-season starts . If Williams wins the job , that number jumps to 327 .
Expecting any group of offensive linemen to remain healthy for an entire season is probably an exercise in folly , but it might be even more wishful given the age , injury history , or both , of each of the four already entrenched on the line .
Long , brought in to protect Bradford 's blind side , was the team 's biggest offseason addition and has been sharp in camp . But he 's 28 and coming off a season during which he missed four games because of a triceps injury on the heels of a back injury that cost him a pair of games in 2011 .
Wells is 32 and never had an injury history of note before a foot issue cost him nine games in 2012 . That came after offseason knee surgery that cost him part of last season 's training camp .
Like Wells , Dahl has never had many injury issues , but , also like Wells , he 's 32 and coming off a triceps injury that kept him out of the team 's final two games of 2012 .
While Saffold is the youngest of the group at 25 , he actually has the most problems staying on the field . He missed six games in 2012 after hurting his knee and seven in 2011 because of concussion , ankle and pectoral injuries . He suffered a dislocated left shoulder injury Thursday against Cleveland and is expected to miss a preseason game or two because of it .
Injury issues for Saffold could complicate things further given that he 's moving to right tackle after spending his first three seasons on the left side .
None of those concerns would matter much if the Rams had a roster stocked with experienced depth on the line , but as experienced as the starters are , the backups are pretty green .
Smith started six games last season , and swing tackle Joe Barksdale got his first two starts under his belt in 2012 , but that 's it in terms of game experience among the backups .
Fisher has taken steps in camp to protect his linemen , regularly offering them repetitions off throughout practice . That leaves the members of the line hoping for the type of good luck that does n't come easily to many teams .
“ I hope so , ” Long said . “ The last couple years for me , I have had the injury bug . And I know Scott has had some injuries and Rodger and Harvey . Hopefully , we can all stay healthy and strong . We are all feeling good right now , so , hopefully , we can continue that and just keep getting better . ”
REASON FOR OPTIMISM
The Rams have surrounded fourth-year quarterback Sam Bradford with more weapons than ever before . Rick Osentoski/USA TODAY Sports
The Rams defense moved into the top half of the league in 2012 , buoyed by a dominant defensive line , which returns all of its key players from a season ago . That group helped the Rams tie Denver for most sacks in the league ( 52 ) , and the front seven was further fortified with the addition of linebacker Alec Ogletree . The offense boasts more raw speed and athleticism than any group the Rams have put together in nearly a decade . Bradford finally has some stability with the scheme as he and Schottenheimer embark on Year 2 together .
REASON FOR PESSIMISM
While talented , the Rams are almost entirely unproven at the offensive skill positions . Bradford is the elder statesman of the group , and he 's entering just his fourth season in the league . Compounding matters is an offensive line that takes on the complete opposite look from the skill positions with a group of mostly older players who have dealt with various injury issues in recent seasons . The defense will return eight starters but has some questions on the back end at safety . Taking the next step to compete in a treacherous NFC West against a difficult schedule will require big progress for young players at running back and receiver and a fair amount of luck in terms of health on the offensive line .
OBSERVATION DECK
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Americans appear to be somewhat warmer to President Barack Obama 's signature healthcare law , despite the troubled roll out of the government website that is essential for its success , a poll released on Wednesday found .
The federal government forms for applying for health coverage are seen at a rally held by supporters of the Affordable Care Act , widely referred to as `` Obamacare '' , outside the Jackson-Hinds Comprehensive Health Center in Jackson , Mississippi October 4 , 2013 . REUTERS/Jonathan Bachman
The Gallup survey showed people “ are slightly more positive now ” that they were shortly before the launch of healthcare.gov , which aims to allow consumers to enroll and shop on their own for a health insurance plan .
Still , 45 percent of those polled in mid-October said they generally approve of the law compared to 50 percent who said they disapprove , Gallup said . In August , 41 percent backed the health reform plan while 49 percent did not . The healthcare plan continues to polarize Republicans and Democrats .
The nationwide polling firm surveyed more than 1,500 adults between October 18 to October 20 , amid the technical problems that have plagued the Affordable Care Act 's insurance marketplace website , which launched Oct 1 .
“ This suggests that the poor performance of the health exchange sites may not at this point be negatively affecting Americans ' views of the ACA overall , ” Gallup researchers said of the survey , which questioned people just days after the partial government shutdown ended .
Gallup 's poll also showed a gap in support between younger Americans , whose enrollment is seen as critical to the law 's success , and those who are older and qualify for health insurance through the federal government 's Medicare program .
More than half of 18- to 29-year olds - or 51 percent - backed the health reforms compared to 38 percent of those 65 and older , according to the poll , which has a margin-of-error rate of plus-or minus 3 percentage points .
The findings come as the Obama Administration scrambles to fix the website , promising a “ tech surge ” with a team of government and industry experts to fix the problem and offering other options such as telephone enrollment .
Republicans in Congress have also begun their own investigations of the website 's problems . Conservatives have long opposed the law , also known as “ Obamacare , ” and made its defunding the focus of their political strategy , which led to the federal government shutdown earlier this month .
“ The law remains one of the most polarizing issues Gallup has measured , with more than eight in 10 Democrats approving , while more than eight in 10 Republicans disapprove , ” the polling firm said .
Later on Wednesday , health insurance industry executives will meet with U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and White House officials , the White House said .
The Obama administration has also scheduled a briefing with Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives , some of whom have expressed concern with the program 's troubles .
Gallup 's poll showed the number of Democrats who embrace the measure has grown . In August , 71 percent of those who identified as Democrats said they favored the law compared to 83 percent in October . Slightly more political independents also said they backed it , while Republican numbers were largely unchanged .
Despite the increase in support for the health law , Gallup said its other research shows a majority of Americans still want lawmakers to modify it “ in some way - repealing it entirely , scaling it back , or expanding it . ”
Overall , most polls have shown that a narrow majority of Americans oppose the healthcare law . A Reuters/Ipsos online poll on Tuesday showed 54 percent of people opposed the law while 46 percent favored it .
.- Reggie Littlejohn , known for her work opposing forced abortion and gendercide in China , has been named as one of “ Inside the Vatican 's ” “ Top 10 People of 2013 ” for her heroic efforts in helping women .
“ This honor came as a complete shock to me . I did not even know that I was being considered for this , ” Littlejohn told CNA in a Feb. 5 interview , adding that “ It 's a bit overwhelming to have my photo on the front cover with two Popes , surrounded by the other ‘ Top Ten ' people from all over the world , all of whom seem far more heroic than I ! ”
Littlejohn is the founder and president of “ Women 's Rights Without Frontiers , ” an international coalition aimed at exposing forced abortion , gendercide , and sexual slavery in China .
In addition to her advocacy for China 's women , Littlejohn also led the international effort to free Chinese activist Chen Guangcheng , who arrived in the United States in May , 2013 .
Alongside her nomination for “ Inside the Vatican , ” a monthly magazine relating to topics within the Roman Curia , Littlejohn is also slated to receive the “ Cardinal John J. O'Connor Pro-Life Award ” from Legatus on Feb. 7 , which is a membership organization for top-ranking Catholic business leaders .
Responding to the organization 's declaration of her “ extraordinary witness and heroic actions in defense of the unborn , ” Littlejohn emphasized that “ the true heroes are the women in China who are running to escape a forced abortion , or who are refusing to abort their babies just because they are girls . ”
“ It is on behalf of these heroic women that I will accept this award , ” she stated , repeating that they are the “ true heroes in this battle against coercive population control in China . ”
On behalf of her organization , Littlejohn expressed that “ we are very grateful to ‘ Inside the Vatican ' for raising the visibility of the work of ‘ Women 's Rights Without Frontiers ' in China . ”
“ It can feel like such a lonely battle , and every new report of a forced abortion or sterilization can be discouraging , ” she continued , adding that “ this accolade has given us some much-needed encouragement to keep going . ”
Highlighting the fact that many people believe China 's “ brutal ” one-child policy is coming to an end , Littlejohn affirmed that “ this is untrue , ” explaining that the policy has merely been “ adjusted to allow couples have a second child if either parent is an only child . ”
Despite this adjustment , Littlejohn emphasized that “ even these couples will still need a Birth Permit for each child , ” and that “ without this government-issued Permit , the pregnancy is illegal and the mother is at high risk of forced abortion . ”
The high amount of “ speculation that the sex-selective abortion and abandonment of baby girls will decrease ” due to the law 's adjustment is “ unwarranted , ” Littlejohn noted , observing that “ gendercide ” is actually “ increasing ” in both China and India .
“ Until we have reliable statistics demonstrating that the gender ratios are equalizing , any declaration that gendercide is subsiding is premature . ”
“ In the meantime , ” she said , “ we need to continue the battle to save baby girls for being targeted for termination . ”
In order to do this , Littlejohn revealed that her organization has “ an underground network of fieldworkers ” in China , who , when they learn of a woman that is planning to abort or abandon her child because it is a girl , go to the mother an council her to keep her daughter .
Noting that her organization offers the mothers “ support for a year , ” Littlejohn explained that “ we have about a 95 % success rate , ” and that “ women will keep their daughters with our help and support . ”
“ When I look at the faces of the girls we are saving in China – I ca n't even describe how I feel . It 's what gets me up in the morning ! ”
In addition to the work she does through her organization , Littlejohn and her husband have also taken into their home the two daughters of dissident Zhang Lin , a pro-democracy activist imprisoned last year for protesting the Chinese government 's actions in detaining his 10-year-old daughter , Anni , and denying her the right to go to school , and are “ raising them as a part ” of their “ family . ”
Getty Images
United States Soccer Federation president Sunil Gulati officially announced on Tuesday that U.S. Soccer has started the FIFA process to ensure new U.S. citizen and Arsenal youngster Gedion Zelalem will be eligible to play for the USMNT :
The 17-year-old , who was born in Germany but played six years of youth soccer in the Washington D.C. area before moving to the Gunners , finalised his naturalisation process on Monday , according to The Washington Post 's Steven Goff .
The player 's father shared his thoughts on the situation :
Zelalem will remain eligible to play for Germany and Ethiopia , the birth country of his family . He follows in the footsteps of other youngsters with the dual nationality who have picked the USMNT in recent years , like Julian Green and John Brooks .
While those two players were exciting additions to the team , Zelalem 's potential is on a whole other level , as shared by The Cauldron 's Andy Glockner :
USMNT head coach Jurgen Klinsmann also shared his praise of the young player :
The teenager is regarded as arguably the top prospect in Arsenal 's youth setup , displaying incredible vision and technique for such a young central midfielder . He still needs to develop his physique to keep up with the senior game , but he has the long-term potential to be a veritable superstar .
Zelalem presents a massive capture for Klinsmann and U.S. Soccer , and while July 's CONCACAF Gold Cup will likely come too soon for the youngster to make a real impact , do n't be surprised if he is called up and receives his first minutes in garbage time to ensure he will be a member of the USMNT for life .
poster= '' https : //v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201610/3081/1155968404_5163271984001_5163268857001-vs.jpg ? pubId=1155968404 '' true Obama denounces Trump 's predatory comments , calling him 'insecure ' 'One of the most disturbing things about this election is just the unbelievable rhetoric coming at the top of the Republican ticket , ' the president said .
President Barack Obama offered a harsh condemnation of Donald Trump on Sunday , describing the Republican seeking his office as “ insecure ” and his rhetoric as “ unbelievable ” after a recording emerged of Trump bragging about groping women against their will .
“ One of the most disturbing things about this election is just the unbelievable rhetoric coming at the top of the Republican ticket . I do n't need to repeat it . There are children in the room , ” Obama said at a campaign event in Chicago , a reference to the tape that The Washington Post published on Friday that showed Trump saying he could kiss women and grab at their genitals because he is a “ star . ”
Story Continued Below
Obama went further than denouncing the 2005 comments about women caught on that tape , though , and invoked the Republican presidential nominee 's long history of making insulting statements on and off the campaign trail .
“ But demeaning women , degrading women , but also minorities , immigrants , people of other faiths , mocking the disabled , insulting our troops , insulting our veterans , ” Obama said , listing other inflammatory remarks for which Trump has faced criticism . “ That tells you a couple things . It tells you he is insecure enough that he pumps himself up by putting other people down . ''
He added : “ Not a character trait that I would advise for somebody in the Oval Office . ”
On Sunday , Obama was in Chicago campaigning on behalf of Rep. Tammy Duckworth , an Illinois Democrat running to unseat Mark Kirk , the state 's Republican senator who faces a difficult reelection battle .
Obama has also stumped vigorously for Trump 's Democratic opponent , Hillary Clinton , whose election would help ensure his own presidency 's legacy . In addition to arguing that Clinton is his rightful successor , basically begging the young and diverse coalition that propelled his 2008 candidacy to put their weight behind hers , Obama has spoken against Trump with increasingly strong words .
At Obama 's first appearance on the trail with Clinton , an early July event in North Carolina , he took on the Republican nominee in lighter terms , poking at Trump 's social media presence to argue he is unqualified to be president ( referencing his younger daughter , Obama offered , “ Sasha tweets , but she does n't think that she , thereby , should be sitting behind the desk ” ) .
But as the race has progressed , Obama has come to describe the prospect of a Trump presidency in increasingly dire terms . In late July , Obama charged that the Republican nominee 's rhetoric toward Muslims and terrorism was “ ultimately helping do ISIL 's work. ” In August , he denounced Trump as “ unfit to serve ” and called on Republicans to disavow his candidacy . And in September , Obama disparaged Trump in front of the United Nations and later told radio host Steve Harney that Trump “ appears to only care about himself . ”
Obama is scheduled to appear on behalf of Clinton at events in Greensboro , North Carolina , and Cleveland , Ohio — both swing states — this week .
I invented the Bow Blower , a combination of the bow drill and forge blower to make a device that can force air into a fire while being easy to construct from commonly occurring natural materials using only primitive technology . I began by fanning a fire with a piece of bark to increase its temperature . It is this basic principle I improved on throughout the project .
Next , I made a rotary fan from two pieces of bark that slot together at right angles to each other to form a simple 4 bladed paddle wheels about 20 cm in diameter and 5 cm tall . The blades of the fan were not angled and were designed only to throw air outwards away from the axle when spun . The rotor of the fan was made by splitting a stick two ways so it formed 4 prongs . The fan was then inserted into the prongs and the end lashed to hold it in place . Spinning the fan rotor back and forth between the palms of the hands fanned the fire . But only some of the wind generated by the fan reached the fire . The rest of it was blowing in other directions , effectively being wasted .
So I built a fan housing from unfired clay to direct the air flow into the fire . This was basically an upturned pot with a hole in the top , a spout coming out of the side . The housing was about 25 cm wide and 8 cm tall . The hole in the top and the spout were both about 6 cm in diameter so that the air coming in roughly equalled the air coming out . The base of the fan rotor sat in a wooden socket placed in the ground to make it spin easier and the top of the rotor protruded from the hole in the top of the housing .
Now when the fan spun , air entered the hole in the top of the housing and exited the spout in the side . Importantly , it does n't matter which way the fan spins , air always goes into the inlet and out the spout . Air is thrown out towards the walls of the housing and can only leave through the spout while the vacuum in the centre sucks new air into the housing through the inlet . A separate clay pipe called a tuyere was made to fit over the spout to direct air into the coals . This was done because the pipe that touches the fire can melt away so it 's better to make this part replaceable .
Instead of making a large wheel and belt assembly to step up the speed of rotation , I opted for a 75 cm long bow . I made a frame to hold the rotor in place consisting of two stakes hammered into the ground with a socketed cross bar lashed on to hold the top of the rotor . I made bark fibre cordage and tied the end to a stick . I then looped the cord around the rotor and held the other end in the same hand holding the stick . I then pushed and pulled the bow causing the rotor to spin rapidly , forcing air into the fire .
I made a simple mud furnace for the blower . Then I collected orange iron bacteria from the creek ( iron oxide ) , mixed it with charcoal powder ( carbon to reduce oxide to metal ) and wood ash ( flux to lower the meting point ) and formed it into a cylindrical brick . I filled the furnace with charcoal , put the ore brick in and commenced firing . The ore brick melted and produced slag with tiny , 1mm sized specs of iron through it . My intent was not so much to make iron but to show that the furnace can reach a fairly high temperature using this blower . A taller furnace called a bloomery was generally used in ancient times to produce usable quantities of iron and consumed more charcoal , ore and labour .
This device produces a blast of air with each stroke of the bow regardless of whether it is pushed or pulled . The bow makes it possible to operate the blower without using a complicated belt and wheel assembly used in traditional forge blowers . There is a brief pause at the end of each stroke where the fan stops to rotate in the other direction , but this is effectively no different to the intermittent blast of a double acting bellows of Europe or box bellows of Asia . The materials used ( wood , bark , bark fibre and clay ) are readily available on most continents . No leather , valves or precisely fitted piston gaskets are required as with other types of bellows . The cords for this device wear out often so a number of back up cords should be kept handy for quick replacement . In summary , this is an easy-to-make device that solves the problem of supplying forced combustion air required for high temperature furnaces and forges .
The events in Boston over the last four days have riveted the nation -- and put journalism , the profession that I love , under the microscope . I 've been thinking about what lessons I can learn as a political reporter from everything that has happened over these last 96 hours . My reflections are below -- in no particular order other than when they occurred to me .
1 . Better safe than sorry . For all of the things that reporters got right this week , the after-action report will focus on what we got wrong . The reporting that a suspect had been taken into custody on Wednesday became a story of its own , a development that no serious journalist wants to see .
The reality of a news environment driven by Twitter ( more on that below ) , cable television and constantly updating news on the web is that the desire to be first has become all-encompassing . Everyone , of course , still wants to get it right but in the race to be first judgment about being right can get skewed . What looks like a solid source in the moment can turn into a less solid one 10 minutes later . ( I have fallen victim to those same competitive pressures ; I know of what we speak . ) No one 's reputation was ever hurt by waiting 10 minutes ( or an hour ) to make sure what a source is saying is true .
2 . Twitter is a reporter 's best friend ... until it 's not . I am a big believer in the power of Twitter . I use it daily . I think it has revolutionized journalism ( and news consumption generally ) in ways we are just now beginning to grapple with and understand . And , as expected , Twitter was the de facto news source for many people -- including most journalists not in Boston -- this week .
That was a good thing -- at times . Twitter helped me understand where the bombs had gone off , sent me to reporters on the ground in Watertown Thursday night and provided images of an empty Boston and the SWAT teams searching for the suspects .
It was a bad thing too . The immediacy of Twitter means that one moment of bad judgment by someone with lots of followers ( or even someone without lots of followers ) can distort coverage for minutes or hours .
I 've started to think of Twitter as a well meaning but sometimes ill-informed friend . The friend is n't maliciously passing along bad information but also is n't an expert on the subject matter . That 's Twitter . For every person on Twitter who has real expertise in a particular area , there a million people who do n't .
So , trust but verify .
3 . Primary sources matter ... : Because of the general dearth of experts on any subject -- the Boston bombings included -- it 's important to identify the people who really are authoritative sources and give them priority .
So , what the FBI and the Boston police department say ( or do n't ) matters more than what some random person on Twitter -- even one affiliated with a news organization -- says or what an anonymous source might tell a reporter on TV . ( To be clear , I regularly rely on anonymous sources for blog posts and stories but on stories of this magnitude -- and with such MAJOR national implications -- they should be used sparingly . )
4 . ... and so do good reporters : People who follow me on Twitter know that i have spent much of the week praising NBC 's Pete Williams who has been the star that has emerged from this dismal chain of events .
Pete stood out by reporting only what he KNEW to be true and making clear that there was plenty he did n't know . Ditto the Post 's Sari Horwitz and Doug Frantz . ( One of the bad tendencies of journalists is an unwillingness to acknowledge what we do n't know . The truth is NO ONE expects us to know everything about every topic . )
Good reporters are the ones who take in all of the incoming -- from Twitter , from their own sources , from colleagues -- and filter out what does n't matter or ca n't be proven . `` The essence of journalism is the process of selection , '' Williams noted in a National Journal profile . He could n't be more right . Judgment -- knowing what is and is n't news -- is the single most important trait distinguishing good reporters from the rest of the pack .
None of the observations above are either a ) new or b ) terribly original . They are the sorts of lessons taught in journalism school . They are the sorts of things that all journalists ( at least most of us ) know intuitively .
But , at moments of high pressure -- like this week -- sometimes what we know gets pushed to the back our collective minds . It should n't . Ever .
The 2nd of May marks the three year anniversary of one of the most tragic events of the 21st century . 42 peaceful protesters were killed when gangs of fascist thugs , most from far outside the region , went on a rampage that can only be described as hellish .
The Prelude
For months , peaceful protesters had set up camp outside the Odessa Trade Unions House . They were there to show solidarity against the fascist , nationalistic and ultra-right wing forces gathered on the Maidan in Kiev .
Protests became more numerous after the coup against the legitimate Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych which occurred on 22 February 2014 , a day after the coup leaders had reached an agreement with the President . However , it became clear within hours that they did not intend to uphold their end of the bargain and as a consequence , the President fled in the middle of the night .
Yanukovych had the legal authority as President to call in allied states to help him restore order . Syria in its battle against insurgent terrorists has done this and President Basar al-Assad remains in power to this day because he asked his allies for assistance .
Yanukovych could have easily moved his government to a less volatile part of the country in order to set up his command centre . He took the coward 's way out , but the protesters did not .
Historical Basis
The protests in the wider historic Novorossiya region were widespread . Anti-fascist demonstrators organised not only in Odessa but in Kharkov , Donetsk , Lugansk , Mariupol , Dnepropetrovsk as well as smaller towns in the region . Novorossiya was an area won by the Russian Tsars from the Ottoman Sultans during the Russo-Turkish wars of the 18th century . By the late 18th century , the area was firmly under Russian authority .
The Bolsheviks , in a move that has caused a great deal of bloodshed in recent years . re-drew the internal map of Russia and made Novorossiya part of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic . This is the only reason that much of this area is today , part of the Ukrainian state . There is no greater historical or present day justification for this other than a very unwise move by Lenin in the 1920s .
READ MORE : Nationalism without a nation and the origin of the Ukrainian conflict
May of 2014
Throughout the winter and into the spring of 2014 , the protests in historic Novorossiya were generally peaceful but often turned violent as fascist thugs from western Ukrainian often visited the protests in order to beat and kill the protesters .
In May of 2014 , in the days prior to the 9th of May Victory Day celebrations over Hitler 's fascist forces , things started to become tense .
Knowing that the ethnic and cultural Russians of the region would be honouring their fathers and grandfathers on the 9th of May , the fascist/ultra-nationalist presence in the region grew .
Many people were severely beaten simply because they were wearing the Ribbon of St. George , the symbol of Victory Day that had been adopted by anti-fascist protesters to show solidarity against extremism .
May the 2nd : The Massacre
The 2nd of May , 2014 , began as a day like any other . Although many had seen that in previous days , fascist thugs from the neo-Nazi group Right Sector , the neo-fascist party Svoboda as well as far-right football hooligans from outside the region had descended on Odessa . They continued to pour in on the morning of the 2nd .
By the afternoon , the fascist gangs started violently attacking the anti-fascist protesters . As the anti-fascists come under increasingly violent attacks , the peaceful protesters ran into the Trade Unions House , eventually barricading themselves inside for protection .
As the afternoon wore on , fascists were seen firing shots into the building and then they began to set the building on fire using a combination of Molotov cocktail and flaming debris .
As the fire raged , the fascists surrounded the front and back of the building , prohibiting escape . Many of the protesters , some in their mid-teens died of asphyxiation . Others jumped to their deaths .
Some who jumped and survived the initial fall were beaten to death . Others were tortured to the brink of death .
The authorities did nothing .
The events were videoed and I can personally remember watching as the attack unfolded . It was a barbaric brutality that one had naively hoped had no place in the 21st century . This after all was the age of Facebook , not the age of Hitler . But for those who committed the massacre , it was clearly the age of both .
Aftermath :
Russia immediately condemned the massacre . Russia was joined by Belarus , Armenia and EU member Bulgaria .
The west remained largely indifferent while the western mainstream media did their best to whitewash the massacre .
There was and still is a kind of unspoken racism that was inherent in the west 's coverage of The Odessa Massacre . Had the events happened in the Arab world and under an ISIS flag , things would have doubtlessly got more coverage .
But because the victims were ethnic and cultural Russians , things were interpreted through the prism of two paradoxical but equally potent forms of racism .
On the one hand , European and English-speaking audiences have been racially conditioned to believe that savage atrocities only happen in the Middle East , Africa or Asia . This is of course unfair and insulting to the vast majority of peace loving people in the aforementioned places .
At the same time , Russians , a distinct ethnic group in spite of their generally white skin , can still be described in racially inflammatory ways by the west . This does not generally happen to black Africans , white Jews , African-Americans or Latin Americans in the western mainstream media . The only other group subject to the same slander as Russians are Serbs , a people who are an historical ally to Russia .
READ MORE : Western racism and the stereotyping of Russians
Odessa had always been a multi-cultural city . In addition to Russians , it historically had vibrant populations of Greeks , Serbs , Romanians , Turks , Albanians , French Poles , and members of many faiths including many demonstrations of Christianity , Jews and Muslims .
That such a fascist atrocity could happen in such a place , decades after Hitler 's forces were vanquished in the region , seemed inconceivable to many .
The protests in Lugansk and Donetsk continued unabated . These places held referenda on becoming independent republics . The votes passed in each . Forces loyal to Kiev continue to assault Donbass , but the militias of Donbass formed in 2014 have thus far managed to keep the young republics free .
The rest of historic Novorossiya continues to be neglected by the impoverished , corrupt and extremist regime in Kiev . Many in these regions wait for the day that they too can form an independent federation or re-unite with Russia , their only logical home country .
READ MORE : 5 reasons Ukraine will soon cease to exist
The 2nd of May remains a deeply tragic event . It is a wound that can not even begin to be healed until the Kiev regime acknowledges responsibility for unleashing fascism on the country . However , with Kiev 's forces continuing to attack the anti-fascist forces of Donbass on a daily basis , it is unlikely that this will happen any time soon .
Touch-what ?
You know , the fingerprint sensor built into the Home button on the new iPhone ( s aapl ) 5s . It 's for unlocking the handset and buying stuff through iTunes and the App Store .
Advertisement How Buy Updated 2019 Beginners Guide Bitcoin To qqwxr05H
I thought the fingerprint was stored in some secure chip . How 'd it get hacked ?
It is , and this is n't a hardcore technological hack so much as a good old-fashioned fake fingerprint technique . You find the iPhone owner 's print somewhere ( the device itself may carry a few on its glossy surfaces ) , put some powder on it to make it more visible , then photograph or scan it at high resolution . Clean up the reversed image , print it at high resolution using thick ink , then use that to make a thin latex dummy , which you can put on your finger and use to unlock the iPhone .
I thought TouchID was supposed to be smarter than that .
Well it was , and I admit I 'm a bit confused by what was revealed on the weekend .
A big selling point of the new generation of fingerprint readers , including that in the iPhone 5s , is that they do n't simply read the outer , dead layer of skin – instead , they use a radio frequency ( RF ) scanner to read a living layer of skin underneath . According to a Citeworld report , this assures the system that it 's dealing with a living finger , nixing both the old lift-a-print trick ( see above ) and the chop-off-some-poor-person's-finger-to-unlock-their-phone trick .
But according to the Chaos Computer Club ( CCC ) and hacker Starbug , who claimed TouchID 's breakage on Sunday , “ the marvels of the new technology ” are less impressive than touted . Here 's what Starbug said in a statement :
Cases Johnny Cold Iowa Gosch Cases Iowa Johnny Cold Gosch “ In reality , Apple 's sensor has just a higher resolution compared to the sensors so far . So we only needed to ramp up the resolution of our fake . ”
If that 's correct – and it should be noted that Apple itself only talks about taking “ a high-resolution image from small sections of your fingerprint from the subepidermal layers of your skin ” in its online FAQ — then TouchID is n't actually that good at making sure it 's dealing with a living finger . It appears that it can be fooled by , as Starbug describes , breathing on the latex sheet “ to make it a tiny bit moist ” before using it on the sensor .
“ We 're quite surprised that it just works out of the box , the same attack that we published 10 years ago , ” CCC spokesman Dirk Engling told me on Monday .
Noting that there are several ways of detecting living tissue — current flowing between the finger and device ; minuscule changes in the fingerprint 's geometry to indicate a pulse — Engling suggested that Apple may have allowed the flaw when trying to balance security and ease of use . “ In the end you have to shift the balance to more comfort , and that 's apparently what Apple did , ” he said . “ Out in the field , people would have problems unlocking their iPhones if they were to be too strict . This is a basic problem of biometrics . ”
I 'm waiting for Apple to comment on all this , and will add in the response as and when I get it .
Can we trust “ Starbug ” ?
In the first of the two videos Starbug has published on YouTube ( s goog ) , someone programs the iPhone with their index finger , then puts the latex sheet on another finger to unlock the device . In the second , a completely different person dons the sheet to fool the phone . It looks legit :
Starbug has been around for a while . Also , even though there 's a crowdfunded bug bounty out there for cracking TouchID , the CCC is Europe 's largest hacker organization and it has a reputation to uphold . I sincerely doubt anyone 's pranking the world on this one .
As an iPhone 5s user , should I be afraid ?
Depends on the scenario you 've got in your head . If it 's pickpocketing you 're worried about , then bear in mind that your iPhone is probably covered in your fingerprints . That said , making a fake print of the quality we 're talking about here is not trivial and it also takes a while , making it likely that the owner would just remotely wipe the device before anything can be accessed . So I guess it depends on the caliber of pickpocket , and their desire to do more than simply steal and sell the hardware .
If it 's muggers or overzealous law enforcement or border agents that you 're thinking about , then this “ hack ” does n't make a blind bit of difference . Merely having a biometric access mechanism makes it possible to grab your hand and use it to unlock the phone – much simpler than having to go through the tedious process of passcode extraction ( or making fake prints ) .
The only real worry here relates to a more targeted attack , perhaps by a private investigator who 's after some juicy corporate secrets . If the victim 's fingerprint has already been lifted from somewhere – which any idiot with a degree of patience could achieve — and a corresponding latex sheet made , then a skilled pickpocket armed with that sheet could get very quick access indeed .
So…
So for most people this wo n't be a problem . And indeed , if you 're the type who forgoes passcodes because they slow you down , it 's better to use TouchID than to use no security at all . Also , it 's not like we 're talking about someone hacking into the phone 's secure A7 chip .
But do remember that , compared with passcodes , the inclusion of biometric access can in certain circumstances make it just that little bit easier for someone to get into your phone . And if that phone carries secrets that others really want to steal , you may want to bear this new risk in mind .
This story was updated at 5.20am PT to include quotes from CCC spokesman Dirk Engling .
Photo
Forestry , done in the right place the right way and for the right reasons , can be an important source of materials , jobs and wildlife habitat .
But are forests an appropriate fuel source for power plants ? *
After five months of reporting , John Upton and others at Climate Central have put together a compelling and infuriating package on the growing flow of wood pellets from the Southeast , many from hardwood forests , to European power plants , where the result is touted as carbon-neutral energy and helps country 's meet emissions targets — at least on paper .
But the atmosphere is n't noticing , according to the analysis . This passage in part three of Climate Central 's “ Pulp Fiction ” series describes the core issue with the European approach :
Through a loophole in its clean energy regulations , all wood energy is treated as if it releases no carbon dioxide . That accounting trick is allowing European national governments and their energy sectors to pump tens of millions of tons of greenhouse gases into the air every year — without accounting for it . That helps them keep that pollution off their books , but not out of the atmosphere .
Part one explains the loophole :
That loophole treats electricity generated by burning wood as a “ carbon neutral ” or “ zero emissions ” energy source — the same as solar panels or wind turbines . When power plants in major European countries burn wood , the only carbon dioxide pollution they report is from the burning of fossil fuels needed to manufacture and transport the woody fuel . European law assumes climate pollution released directly by burning fuel made from trees does n't matter , because it will be re-absorbed by trees that grow to replace them . The assumption is convenient , but wrong . Climate science has been rejecting it for more than 20 years . It ignores the decades it can take for a replacement forest to grow to be as big as one that was chopped down for energy— or the possibility that it wo n't regrow at all . The assumption also ignores the loss of a tree 's ability to absorb carbon dioxide after it gets cut down , pelletized and vaporized .
Photo
And Upton notes that the Europe Union 's own science advisers raised concerns but were ignored :
In 2011 , the science committee of the EU 's environment agency warned that the “ bioenergy accounting error ” had “ immense ” potential consequences for the planet 's forests and climate . Attempts to introduce sustainability standards that could curtail the use of harmful wood energy across the EU have so far been blocked by Finland and Sweden . Those countries are poor in fossil fuel reserves but home to vast forests , which they harvest and burn for heating and electricity . About 100 wood pellet plantsoperate in those two countries alone .
Part two shows that , contrary to some industry claims , the brunt of the wood in pellets is from hardwood trees , not scrap and waste .
New analysis by the Natural Resources Defense Council bolsters the Climate Central findings and focuses on the dizzying growth in this wood trade :
Europe 's forests are often highly regulated , so European power companies have had to look abroad to source wood fuel , turning to the largely unregulated forests of the American South for fresh supplies . Wood pellet exports from the United States doubled from 1.6 million tons in 2012 to 3.2 million tons in 2013 . They increased again , by nearly 40 percent , from 2013 to 2014 and are expected to reach 5.7 million tons in 2015 . Wood pellet manufacturing in the region is expected to continue skyrocketing , with production estimates as high as 70 million metric tons by 2020 .
On Tuesday , I reached out to the press person at Enviva , the world 's largest wood pellet manufacturer the United States .
Insert , 9:50 a.m. | Kent Jenkins , a spokesman for Eviva , sent these statistics putting its operations in broader context :
Enviva shares the N.R.D.C . 's commitment to protecting Southern bottomland forests and we employ strong sustainable practices that do so . Wood pellet production accounts for less than 4 percent of the wood harvested in Southern forests every year . The amount of wood used in paper production declined by 25 percent from 1995 to 2010 , dropping 400 million tons annually to 300 million tons . By contrast , the U.S. wood pellet industry will use an estimated 22 million tons of wood in 2017 . The vast majority of wood used by Enviva 's production plants in southeastern Virginia and northeastern North Carolina comes from upland forests and mixed stands . Regardless of the source , we use only leftover and low-grade wood that undergoes a rigorous sustainability assessment , certified by independent third parties . We build our facilities in locations where competition from other wood users , including other pellet producers , does not cause undue pressure on forest growth and biodiversity . Enviva 's facilities are certified by the leading sustainable forestry organizations , including the Forest Stewardship Council™ , ( FSC® ) Sustainable Forestry Initiative® ( SFI ) ® , and the Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certifications ( PEFC ) . Since 2011 , when Enviva opened the first of its three pellet production plants in southeastern Virginia and northeastern North Carolina , the region 's 6.2 million acres of working forests have grown by 24,000 acres ( Source : Forest2Market analysis of U.S. Forest Service data ) . This reinforces our view that we play an essential role in ensuring healthy , thriving forests .
There 's more on the company 's website .
As far back as 2011 , experts were increasingly “ Questioning Europe 's Math on Biofuels . ”
In April , 2013 , The Economist published a damning piece , “ Wood : The fuel of the future , ” and subtitled “ Environmental lunacy in Europe. ” Here 's an excerpt :
Which source of renewable energy is most important to the European Union ? Solar power , perhaps ? ( Europe has three-quarters of the world 's total installed capacity of solar photovoltaic energy . ) Or wind ? ( Germany trebled its wind-power capacity in the past decade . ) The answer is neither . By far the largest so-called renewable fuel used in Europe is wood . In its various forms , from sticks to pellets to sawdust , wood ( or to use its fashionable name , biomass ) accounts for about half of Europe 's renewable-energy consumption . In some countries , such as Poland and Finland , wood meets more than 80 % of renewable-energy demand . Even in Germany , home of the Energiewende ( energy transformation ) which has poured huge subsidies into wind and solar power , 38 % of non-fossil fuel consumption comes from the stuff . After years in which European governments have boasted about their high-tech , low-carbon energy revolution , the main beneficiary seems to be the favoured fuel of pre-industrial societies .
The expansion of the pellets-to-carbon-credit scheme has the feel of an energy rush akin to what happened in Pennsylvania in the early days of the hydraulic fracturing boom and the destructive palm oil push that affected food prices . I 'd like to see climate campaigners seek the same level of accountability and tough standards in this industry — and international carbon accounting — as they called for in gas drilling .
I reached out to John Upton with a few questions . Here they are with his replies .
Q . What led you to this particular angle ? The U.K. pulp power issue is something that has n't even attracted The Guardian despite its climate push of late ? It was a devilish story to report out , because it took a long time to cut through confusing static that had built up around the science of biomass energy , and because the wood pellet supply chain traverses two continents . Combined with what many would consider to be the obscureness of biomass energy , that has all acted like a reporting barrier , preventing news outlets from digging in as deeply as would be needed in order to draw clear conclusions . That lack of reporting has led to a lot of confusion , even among experts , over what 's really going on , which has led to confusion about what it all means for the climate . I had been pushing since I started at Climate Central a year ago to dive into a deep reporting project , and to do so with the organization 's Research and Multimedia divisions , which really had n't been working with Editorial previously . My editor , Geoff Grant , asked if I would be taken on this story . I jumped at the opportunity . The story was just sitting there , really , waiting for somebody to tackle it . Q . In many areas , estimates of greenhouse impacts of different fuels are so murky that it 's impossible to find a bedrock standard for comparisons . Are you confident the data here hold up ? A . As I was interviewing as many scientists and other experts as I could find , I came to realize that the science around biomass 's climate impacts is much less murky than it 's made to seem . The murkiness is a symptom of the fuzzy concept that forests regrow to absorb carbon emissions when their wood is burned for energy : once you start modeling that , you can basically pick whichever assumptions you want about time and space considerations , and ensure that you land at the conclusion that you were looking for . But two things became clear to me : Burning the wood pellets immediately releases more CO2 than coal ( easy to figure out ) , and producing wood pellets for Europe 's power plants is causing a lot of trees to be chopped down in the U.S. ( surprisingly difficult to figure out ) , which immediately reduces carbon sequestration . As the third story in our series will discuss , there are certainly times when wood energy can be beneficial — but those scenarios tend to play out at much more local scales , in which true waste wood is used for heat and power . I realized that the story here is that the E.U . 's “ carbon neutral ” designation of all biomass is flawed , so I honed in on that and its direct effects , rather than dragging readers around in the mud as scientists and talking heads debated a bunch of hypothetical situations . Q . Why do you think this persists given the clearcut data showing huge issues ? A . It 's clear that the European Commission and many politicians know that this is wrong , but there 's been a lot of pressure from some nations — notably the heavily forested Nordic countries that are normally leaders on environmental issues — to leave the carbon accounting loophole in place , because it 's making it so much easier for everybody to hit their climate targets . I also think that the protracted E.U . debate over biofuels , which was only recently resolved , just wore the shit out of a lot of European leaders , reducing their appetite for a potential biomass debate .
Postscript , 5:45 p.m. | * This piece was filed in haste and showed it , with part of the introduction ( removed at the asterisk above ) oversimplifying the situation . I 've retained that flawed section here for the record :
No , really : calls for secession run through many of Mr. DiLorenzo 's writings — for example , in his declaration that “ healthcare freedom ” wo n't be restored until “ some states begin seceding from the new American fascialistic state. ” Raise the rebel flag !
Photo
O.K. , it 's going to be a while before the G.O.P . as a whole embraces neo-secessionism , and Mr. Paul , although highly visible , is , in fact , a somewhat marginal figure even within his own party . But Mr. Ryan , who led the other hearing — the one at which Ben Bernanke , the Fed chairman , testified — is a rising Republican star . So it 's worth noting that Mr. Ryan 's hard-money rhetoric was nearly as bizarre as Mr. DiLorenzo 's .
Start with that bit about debasing our currency . Where did that come from ? The dollar 's value in terms of other major currencies is about the same now as it was three years ago . And as Mr. Bernanke pointed out , consumer prices rose only 1.2 percent in 2010 , an inflation rate that , for the record , is well below the rate under the sainted Ronald Reagan . The Fed 's preferred measure , which excludes volatile food and energy prices , was up only 0.7 percent , well below the target of around 2 percent .
But Mr. Ryan is sure that the dollar is being debased and wo n't take no for an answer . In an attempt to create a gotcha moment , he waved a copy of a newspaper bearing the headline “ Inflation Worries Spread ” at the Fed chairman . But the gotcha actually went the other way . As Mr. Bernanke immediately pointed out , the article was about inflation in China and other emerging markets , not in the United States . And the Fed chairman declared , correctly , that “ inflation made here in the U.S. is very , very low . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Advantage Bernanke . But the facts do n't matter , because conservative hard-money mania , the demand that the Fed stop trying to rescue the economy , is n't really about inflation fears .
Mr. Ryan said as much in Wednesday 's hearing , in which he declared that our currency “ should be guided by the rule of law , not the rule of men. ” A few years ago , my response would have been , say what ? After all , even Milton Friedman saw the conduct of monetary policy as a technical issue , not a matter of principle ; his complaint about the Fed 's role in the Great Depression was that it did n't print enough money , not that it printed too much .
But then Friedman , who believed that it sometimes makes sense to let your currency depreciate , who urged Japan 's central bank to adopt a policy very similar to what the Fed is doing now , was a leftist by the standards of today 's G.O.P .
Wednesday 's hearings are n't likely to have any immediate effect on monetary policy . But they offer a revealing — and appalling — look at the mind-set of one of our two major political parties . We 've always known that the modern G.O.P . wants to take America back to the way it was before the New Deal ; but now it 's clear that the party wants to build a bridge to the 19th century , and maybe even to the antebellum era . Backward , march !
A Mercedes-Benz sign is seen reflected on a building in Warsaw , Poland July 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
FRANKFURT ( Reuters ) - Daimler 's ( DAIGn.DE ) Chief Executive Dieter Zetsche on Monday said Mercedes-Benz will offer electric versions of all its models by 2022 , converting its Smart city car brand to become fully electric .
Speaking at the company 's investor day in Sindelfingen , Germany , Daimler ( DAIGn.DE ) said it will offer at least 50 electrified versions of Mercedes-Benz passenger cars in hybrid and fully electric car variants .
Because electric cars have a lower margin than combustion-engine cars , Daimler has set itself a more ambitious savings target . The company 's Fit for Leadership 4.0 plan targets savings of 4 billion euros ( $ 4.8 billion ) , Daimler said .
( This version of the story corrects third paragraph to show electric cars have a lower margin than combustion-engine cars , not electric cars )
Related Coverage Electric cars only half as profitable at first : Daimler
Despite all of the ‘ doomed ' talk , and its share price being down nearly $ 200 from a year ago , Apple is still the world 's most valuable brand . In fact , according to Forbes Magazine , its brand is worth nearly twice that of its closest competitor .
In its annual ranking of ‘ The World 's Most Valuable Brands , ' Forbes lists Apple 's value at $ 104.3 billion . That 's an increase of 20 % from last year , and well above Microsoft and Coca-Cola , which came in second and third respectively…
Here 's the top 10 list ( via AppleInsider ) :
Note the differences in how much Apple spends in advertising , versus a company like Samsung . Samsung spends an average of $ 149 million in advertising for every $ 1 million in brand value . Apple 's ratio is just $ 10 million to 1 million .
What you do n't see here is that Nokia , which agreed to sell its mobile phone business to Microsoft earlier this year , has fallen to number 72 on Forbes ' list . And BlackBerry , which is struggling to stay afloat right now , did n't make the top 100 .
Companies on Forbes ' 100 most valuable brands list span 15 countries and cross 20 broad industry categories . Brands from U.S.-based companies make up just over half the list and tech brands are the most common with 19 entries .
This post exists to bring you the fact noted in its headline : Former Major League pitcher Bill “ Spaceman ” Lee , who recently made news by announcing his intention to run for governor of Vermont , told Dan Le Batard that he once smoked marijuana with future president George W. Bush under the Tyrannosaurus Rex fossil at Boston 's Museum of Science in 1972 .
Bill `` Spaceman '' Lee recalls smoking with George W. Bush under the T. rex at the @ museumofscience . -Charliehttps : //t.co/P3hZFmrZ4K — Dan Le Batard Show ( @ LeBatardShow ) August 9 , 2016
Lee , a big-league lefty in every sense of the term , is a longtime marijuana advocate who wrote openly of his drug use in his 1984 book The Wrong Stuff and was the subject of a feature in High Times magazine in 2007 .
Bush , who would have been 26 years old in 1972 , has joked about smoking in his youth . He has not specifically addressed whether he , in fact , got high with Bill “ Spaceman ” Lee under the Tyrannosaurus Rex fossil at the Museum of Science in Boston .
The Hard Rock Cafe at Atlantic City 's Trump Taj Mahal is slated to close in April and 73 workers will lose their jobs , according to a federally mandated layoff notice filed this week.However , the restaurant said it will stay open as long as the Taj Mahal stays open , according to a published report .
The Associated Press quoted the cafe as saying it intends to honor its current lease , which expires at the end of 2016 .
The notice with the state Department of Labor & Workforce Development cites bankruptcy proceedings as the reason for the termination . The workers at the restaurant , located inside the boardwalk casino , are scheduled to be let go April 22 .
The so-called WARN notice , referring to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act , comes amid months of turmoil for the Taj . The casino has teetered on the verge of closing since last year amid a battle over health and pension benefits between its union and billionaire investor Carl Icahn , who is the primary mortgage holder for the property and thus a de facto owner .
It was unclear if the layoffs at Hard Rock are tied to those negotiations . A spokeswoman for Trump Entertainment Resorts did not return requests for comment Wednesday .
The employees who would be laid off include bartenders , line cooks , servers , busers , retail workers and dishwashers , according to the WARN notice .
The news also comes after a year in which four of Atlantic City 's 12 casinos closed , as the resort town continues to grapple with increased gaming completion around the region and struggles to reinvent itself .
ALSO ON NJBIZ :
Hospitals ' charity care funds are cut in the latest Christie budget
WalletHub calculator highlights savings of telecommuting
DMR chosen for new Garfield Police HQ project
Who will win the American League MVP ? How about the National League ?
After our experts gave their predictions for which teams will reach the postseason on Tuesday , we also asked them to give us their predictions for the major season-ending awards ( MVPs , Cy Youngs , rookies and managers ) .
Without further adieu , here are their picks :
Most Valuable Player NAME AL NL Jim Bowden Josh Donaldson Bryce Harper Jerry Crasnick Josh Donaldson Bryce Harper Gordon Edes Josh Donaldson Bryce Harper Christina Kahrl Josh Donaldson Bryce Harper Eric Karabell Josh Donaldson Bryce Harper Tim Kurkjian Josh Donaldson Bryce Harper Andrew Marchand Josh Donaldson Paul Goldschmidt Eddie Matz Josh Donaldson Bryce Harper Doug Padilla Josh Donaldson Paul Goldschmidt Jesse Rogers Mike Trout Andrew McCutchen Adam Rubin Mike Trout Bryce Harper Mark Saxon Mike Trout Bryce Harper David Schoenfield Josh Donaldson Bryce Harper Jayson Stark Josh Donaldson Bryce Harper
Cy Young NAME AL NL Jim Bowden Sonny Gray Zack Greinke Jerry Crasnick Dallas Keuchel Zack Greinke Gordon Edes Dallas Keuchel Zack Greinke Christina Kahrl Dallas Keuchel Jake Arrieta Eric Karabell Dallas Keuchel Zack Greinke Tim Kurkjian Dallas Keuchel Zack Greinke Andrew Marchand Dallas Keuchel Zack Greinke Eddie Matz Dallas Keuchel Clayton Kershaw Doug Padilla Chris Sale Zack Greinke Jesse Rogers Dallas Keuchel Jake Arrieta Adam Rubin * Dallas Keuchel Mark Saxon Dallas Keuchel Zack Greinke David Schoenfield Dallas Keuchel Zack Greinke Jayson Stark Dallas Keuchel Zack Greinke * Adam Rubin will vote for the NL Cy Young Award and thus was n't permitted to disclose his vote .
Rookie Of The Year NAME AL NL Jim Bowden Carlos Correa Kris Bryant Jerry Crasnick Carlos Correa Kris Bryant Gordon Edes Carlos Correa Kris Bryant Christina Kahrl Carlos Correa Kris Bryant Eric Karabell Carlos Correa Kris Bryant Tim Kurkjian Carlos Correa Kris Bryant Andrew Marchand Carlos Correa Kris Bryant Eddie Matz Carlos Correa Matt Duffy Doug Padilla Carlos Correa Kris Bryant Jesse Rogers Carlos Correa Kris Bryant Adam Rubin Carlos Correa Matt Duffy Mark Saxon Carlos Correa Matt Duffy David Schoenfield Carlos Correa Kris Bryant Jayson Stark Carlos Correa Kris Bryant
Check back regularly or hit refresh for the latest weather updates , staff reports and social media posts about the line of severe thunderstorms moving through metro New Orleans Monday ( April 27 ) .
2:00 p.m. : With the return of sunlight to the CBD ( see below ) and the expiration of the high wind warnings , we 'll shut down the severe weather live blog and return you to your regularly scheduled reporting . Check back to NOLA.com throughout the afternoon and evening for updates and additional photos and video of today 's severe weather aftermath .
1:52 p.m. : Damage from the tornado that touched down near the Naval Air Station-Joint Reserve Base in Belle Chasse was minor , officials there say . Story here .
1:48 p.m. : Those pictures of double-waterspouts that are making the rounds on social media today are apparently not from Lake Pontchartrain . They were taken on Lake Michigan in July and posted on the National Weather Service website .
1:27 p.m. : Mark Schleifstein reports : `` The National Weather Service has canceled the high wind warning for areas west of Lakes Pontchartrain and Maurepas . But the warning remains in effect for St. Tammany , St. Charles , Jefferson , Plaquemines , St Bernard , and Lafourche parishes until 2 p.m . The cancellation is for Washington , Ascension , Livingston , St. James , St. John the Baptist , Tangipahoa and Pearl River parishes . However , forecasters said some gusts of 20 to 30 mph will be possible in those areas until 2 or 3 p.m. Where the warning is still in effect , winds of 40 to 50 mph are possible , mainly in gusts . '' Track his NWS updates here .
1:00 p.m. : The Causeway is closed again . Story here .
12:54 p.m. : No hazardous materials on the rail cars that blew off the Huey P. Long Bridge , official say . Story here .
12:40 p.m. : On-the-scene video from WGNO-TV of the train falling off the track at Huey P. Long Bridge embedded below ; see our report here .
12:23 p.m. : Power outages in Kenner reach 10,000 ; Discovery Academy is the latest to lose power , Ben Myers reports .
12:15 p.m . It 's `` pitch black '' inside the New Orleans airport . Read more here .
12:13 p.m. : The Causeway bridge has reopened , Robert Rhoden reports from our north shore hub .
12:06 p.m. : Our preliminary post about the Huey Long train car derailment , reported by our partners at Fox 8 , here .
12:03 p.m. : Jonathan Bullington reports that power is out in Orleans Parish Criminal Court building . `` Employees , citizens and deputies walking down the second-floor hallway with flashlights and cell phones in hand . Jurors are exiting one of the courtrooms as I type this , '' he says .
11:56 a.m. : Photographer Ted Jackson is on the scene of the train car derailment from the Huey P. Long Bridge ; see his photos in the continuously updated NOLA.com storm gallery .
11:47 a.m. : Nicholls State University has lifted its campus lockdown .
11:40 a.m. : Latest from our Mark Schleifstein and the NWS : `` The intense squall line that passed through the area has created what forecasters call a 'wake low ' behind it , an area of low pressure that is creating very high winds , prompting the National Weather Service to issue a high wind warning until 2 p.m. Monday . 'Already numerous gusts near 50 to 55 mph with trees coming down , ' the warning message said . 'This will occur about 30 minutes after rain has mostly come to an end and will continue to about an hour . '
11:22 a.m. : Do n't let clearing skies fool you . Forecasters warn that strong winds are being reported in aftermath of strong thunderstorms , with gusts of 50-60 mph possible , according to our Mark Schleifstein , who is updating the latest National Weather Service watches and warnings in the comments of this post .
Major street flooding on Josephine St. b/t Magazine & Prytania A video posted by Diya Chacko ( @ dcteachild ) on Apr 27 , 2015 at 9:13am PDT
10:57 a.m. : The worst of the weather already has passed through Baton Rouge . Click here for live BR updates .
10:42 a.m. : The Causeway bridge has closed . Story here .
10:41 a.m. : A tornado warning is in effect for New Orleans , St. Charles , St. Bernard , Plaquemines , and Jefferson parishes until 11 a.m. Monday . Full story here .
The Beckley , West Virginia Police Department set up a `` seatbelt checkpoint , '' which resulted in several drug arrests on July 2 .
The Beckley police claimed they did the checkpoint to inform residents and raise awareness of a new seatbelt law that goes into effect on July 9 .
However , police brought K-9 drug-sniffing dogs to the checkpoints , which were not needed for seatbelt education .
According to The Register-Herald , police searched cars during the seatbelt checks and made five drug arrests . Officers seized 96 grams of marijuana , crack cocaine and $ 1,500 . Police also issued 25 traffic citations .
A press release from the police department states : “ The Beckley Police Department will continue to utilize highway safety funded checkpoints to crack down on impaired driving , violations of our traffic safety laws , and increase awareness for safe driving habits in an effort to make our roadways safer . ”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
However , there is no mention of searching cars without a warrant , K-9 dogs or making drug arrests .
Police are increasingly using seatbelt checkpoints in Tennessee , Louisiana and New York as a way to search vehicles without a warrant .
Mayfield Heights , Ohio police even set up a fake checkpoint along I-271 , noted Cleveland.com .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
How are police allowed to do these types of warrantless searches ? Many states do not consider a checkpoint an actual `` traffic stop '' by police .
The checkpoints are legal as long as the primary purpose is `` regulatory '' instead of `` general criminal enforcement , '' which is what police departments often claim in press releases , such as the one above .
However , whenever a police officer is involved in any situation , even off-duty , it can result in criminal enforcement .
During the seatbelt checkpoint , if there are observable signs of wrongdoing , police may gain `` probable cause '' to search cars without a warrant .
`` Observable signs of wrongdoing '' can be anything deemed suspicious , but not necessarily an illegal activity .
The courts are divided on the issue of checkpoints and have come down on the side of police and motorists .
Sources : The Register-Herald , Cleveland.com , WBIR.com , Nola.com , NiagaraFallsReporter.com
undefined
Mother Of Victim : More Killed By GM Ignition Switch Defect
toggle caption J. Scott Applewhite/AP
The birth mother of Amber Marie Rose , the teen whose 2005 death was the first linked to an ignition switch problem that 's triggered a massive recall of General Motors vehicles , says that through a Facebook group for families of victims , she 's identified at least 29 fatalities due to the defect . GM only acknowledges 13 deaths .
`` I found 29 so far myself , '' Laura Christian tells All Things Considered . She said she 's determined the additional fatalities using crash data , police reports or eyewitnesses [ who reported ] the airbags did not deploy . ''
GM has announced the recall of 2.6 million vehicles to search for the faulty ignition switches .
Christian was reunited with Amber , her biological daughter , a year before the girl 's fatal accident at age 16 .
Amber 's accident was attributed to a faulty ignition switch in her Chevrolet Cobalt , which apparently shut off the engine while the car was in motion – cutting power to the airbags , which did n't inflate when the car hit a tree in Dentsville , Md .
But alcohol and excessive speed were also cited as factors in the crash , although Christian insists she 's `` very confident '' that her daughter would have survived if airbags had deployed as designed .
`` I spoke to the EMTs shortly after [ the accident ] and they told me that had the airbags deployed that she would have been injured , but she would have been alive today , '' she tells ATC host Robert Siegel .
Christian believes that Congress should increase the maximum of $ 35 million penalty for delaying the reporting of potentially life-threatening problems .
`` That may sound like a lot to us as individuals , but to a corporation like GM , who made over $ 3 billion last year , that 's nothing . It 's hardly a deterrent , '' she says .
She also wants passage of a bill sponsored by Massachusetts Sen. Ed Markey and Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal to require earlier reporting of defects to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , or NHTSA .
`` It should n't come to a fatality , especially when it 's coming from a car that has a defective part , '' Christian says . `` GM knew about this defect , they knew about it in 2001 , they OK 'd it going forward . They should have been required to pass on that information to the NHTSA from day one . ''
In testimony on Capitol Hill on Tuesday , GM CEO Mary Barra expressed `` sincere apologies to everyone who has been affected by this recall ... especially to the families and friends of those who lost their lives or were injured . ''
`` I can not tell you why it took years for a safety defect to be announced , '' Barra said in her opening testimony before the House Energy and Commerce Committee . `` I can tell you that we will find out . ''
Sort by : Sort by Featured Items The Newest Items Bestselling Alphabetical : A to Z Alphabetical : Z to A Avg . Customer Review Price : Low to High Price : High to Low
We do our best to handpick quality items , however you might not receive a perfect box or paint job . There may be shelf-wear , creases , or slight imperfections . Unfortunately , we will not be able to exchange items due to imperfections . Any cancelled orders ( pre-ordered or in-stock items ) will incur a 15 % cancellation fee . No exceptions for any reason . Items can not be added to previous orders .
Many items we sell are extremely limited editions and there is a possibility that an item could oversell on our web site . If this happens we will fill orders based on time of payment until orders are filled . When inventory runs out all unfilled orders will be fully refunded .
By placing an order on our website , you understand and accept these policies
The Army 's Criminal Investigation Command has issued a warning about a new website scam that 's attempting to steal soldiers ' official emails and passwords .
The site located at http : //www.usmilitarybenifit.org -- is not an official website ... and is neither affiliated with nor endorsed in any way by the United States Army , '' Pentagon officials said in a recent press release .
The false website should not be confused with the Army 's official website called `` MyArmyBenefits '' at http : //myarmybenefits.us.army.mil , operated by the service 's Retirement Services Office .
The purpose of the fraudulent site is to collect soldiers ' Army Knowledge Online , or AKO , email accounts and passwords , officials said . Since the warning was issued , the URL , http : //www.usmilitarybenifit.org , has been disabled as of Sunday .
It also makes the false claim that the U.S. military has granted access to unclaimed and accumulated benefits for active duty soldiers , and that benefits not claimed within the stipulated period will be available for claims after 60 months .
CID officials strongly recommend that soldiers , Army civilians , retirees and family members avoid the website and ignore any information or claims posted on it . They also recommend deleting suspicious or unsolicited emails immediately , without response .
Most online scam attempts are easily recognizable , officials said , because they usually involve unsolicited emails or text messages . Hoax websites often contain misspelled words and punctuation and grammatical errors , and often ask for private information such as an email address and password , officials said .
CID officials recommend that Army personnel and family members avoid the website and do not respond to any emails from the website . Anyone who has had contact with the website should stop immediately , officials maintain .
Soldiers should contact their local information assurance office if they accessed the website from a government computer or system , officials said .
Its nearly a year since I started working with Fingal County Council on the # MapLesotho project and in that time a number of great milestones and activities have been completed so of which are :
Last July a huge mapathon with users from around the world added over half a million nodes of data for Lesotho
In Sept we had a mapping party in the Lesotho Embassy in Dublin with the Irish OSM community
A dedicated website has been setup - http : //maplesotho.wordpress.com/
A series of classes where held with school children in Dublin teaching them to map and getting them involved in # MapLesotho
A number of Irish OSM members / Fingal County Council staff are heading to Lesotho for 2 weeks from Feb 06th too 20th to work on the following :
Get the local mappers ( there are quite a few now ) more involved , editing more frequently and start discussions about them forming a Lesotho OSM group with semi-regular meetups Train govt . planners ( most are mappers ) on the use of JOSM and OSM data with QGIS Conduct a number of mapping sessions at the national university Meet with govt . data owners to talk about release of ( i ) data to OSM for imports and ( ii ) permission to scan , recitfy and derive info from existing maps
We 've still got 2 tasks running in the HOT tasking manager since last July 's mapathon which we 've been silently tipping along on .
Urban Task ( mostly buildings ) - 52 % complete - http : //tasks.hotosm.org/project/597 ( please focus on Maseru if choosing this one )
Rural Task ( mostly rivers , streams , roads ) - 90 % complete - http : //tasks.hotosm.org/project/599
With all of this in mind , a number of the folks in Lesotho have set next Friday Jan 16th as a date for the next # MapLesotho mapathon . A large group is coming together in Dublin in the Fingal Council offices to carry out a supporting mapathon .
We are looking for other groups around the world to again join in with us in our mapathons .
I always LOVE finding new free resources for pre-licensed therapists , especially graduate students . Your career does NOT start after licensure . It starts right now , this moment , even as you are getting educated .
Good Therapy has a free student level membership that gives you access to free recordings of trainings given by industry leaders . How cool is that ?
So , today , if you are a current student , I want you to take these steps :
# 1 . Go and grab your free GoodTherapy student membership .
# 2 . Schedule time at least once per month to take an online training . Schedule it as if it was a LIVE training . keep that time sacred .
# 3 . As you take that training , post about what you learn on social media on your personal or professional accounts . Have a little fun on Twitter , Facebook , reddit , whatever you are already engaging on .
# 4. include the training on your resume or curriculum vitae , and add it to your LinkedIn profile .
# 5 . Love the training ? Consider giving a shout to the presenter and Good Therapy on Twitter and follow them both . You might just make some great connections and meet some awesome people !
# 6 . Share this post with your colleagues . And yes , I mean colleagues . They may seem like classmates today , but they will by your colleagues soon enough !
Develop yourself as someone who is passionate about learning more about your craft today . And , as you take each of these trainings , use it to improve your online reputation . Later , as you are looking for positions , you will already have started to develop your professional network , which will make the process of getting a job , and starting a private practice easier and more fruitful !
Leland Yee to run for secretary of state POLITICS
Senator Leland Yee speaks with the media in his office on Tuesday , October 25 , 2011 . He was announcing that a SF resident has been paid by Mayor Ed Lee 's campaign or one of his independent expenditure committees . less Senator Leland Yee speaks with the media in his office on Tuesday , October 25 , 2011 . He was announcing that a SF resident has been paid by Mayor Ed Lee 's campaign or one of his independent expenditure ... more Photo : Susana Bates , Special To The Chronicle Photo : Susana Bates , Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Leland Yee to run for secretary of state 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
State Sen. Leland Yee , a San Francisco Democrat who has made voter access and open government among his main priorities as a lawmaker , will run for secretary of state when he is termed out of the Legislature in two years .
Yee , a former San Francisco supervisor who ran unsuccessfully for mayor last year , plans to announce his candidacy Monday morning . The secretary of state is California 's chief election officer and oversees the state 's campaign disclosure database , maintaining records of all lobbying and election spending in the Golden State .
Current Secretary of State Debra Bowen , who is also a Democrat , will be termed out in 2014 . Yee 's San Francisco Senate district was eliminated in new legislative districts drawn by an independent citizen redistricting commission , and will disappear when his term expires in 2014 . There are no other declared candidates for the statewide position .
`` Given the fact that I am termed out in two years , I looked long and hard at the options available , '' Yee said . `` Given the work I have done on voting , on transparency and on open government accountability , I thought the secretary of state position would be a nice fit for me . ''
Yee has pushed a number of pieces of legislation aimed at making it easier for Californians to register and vote . Among his successful initiatives was a 2011 law creating an online voter registration system , which was implemented just weeks before the deadline to register for the November election and is thought to have helped Democrats win a number of tight races and initiative campaigns . More than 780,000 people were added to the voter rolls through that online system , the majority of whom were first-time voters younger than 35 .
Yee has also been critical of high executive pay at the state 's public universities and has pushed for greater transparency at both the University of California and California State University systems . He has angered some fellow Democrats in the Capitol in years past for refusing to support deep cuts to education and social services , even when the state faced tens of billions of dollars in budget shortfalls .
Two teenage girls were arrested Saturday in southern France on suspicion of plotting a terror attack ( file image )
Two teenage girls havebeen arrested in southern France on suspicion of plotting a terror attack .
The pair , aged 14 and 15 , were taken in for questioning by the anti-terrorism prosecution service after a search of both girls ' homes turned up evidence suggesting they could have been planning an attack , a judicial source said .
'At this stage we do not know how far advanced the preparations were , ' a source close to the inquiry said , adding no weapons had been found .
Several girls have been among a swathe of teenagers arrested in recent anti-terror swoops in France on suspicion either of plotting attacks or having contact with Islamic State members or sympathisers .
The country remains in a state of emergency after suffering a spate of deadly jihadist attacks over the past two years .
Three teenage girls were arrested in late February on suspicion they had chatted on Telegram , an encrypted instant messaging platform used by French jihadi Rachid Kassim to call for attacks on France .
An anti-terrorism judge in Paris charged the trio last month .
Consumer electronics , a broad category that includes TVs , computers , audio devices , phones and other related devices , currently constitutes nearly 2 % of the municipal solid waste stream and is steadily rising at a rate of 8 % per year . According to the EPA , of the roughly 2.25 million tons of used and unwanted electronics each year , 18 % is collected for recycling and roughly 82 % winds up in landfills .
These are unfortunate statistics given the many useful and eco-friendly alternatives for disposing of your old electronics — not to mention tax breaks for consumers . We 've highlighted a few of these options below , along with information about preparing your unwanted goods for donation .
Do n't wait . If you 're no longer using a device , donate it as soon as you can . The value of consumer electronics declines at a fast pace . A computer that 's three years old , for instance , can be refurbished and used by students ; a computer that 's six years old will most likely be recycled for parts .
Clear the hard drive . This is essential for maintaining your privacy . Not sure how to clear your computer 's hard drive ? Check out this video guide at PC World . If you 're a Mac user , take a look at this guide from Hivelogic .
Include related materials . If you 're donating a computer , include any manuals , monitors , keyboards , connection cables , software , etc . you have that you no longer need .
Where to Donate
Many companies have recycling programs for used and unwanted electronics . Several have partnered with charitable organizations ; we 've highlighted several below .
1 . Reconnect
Since 2004 , Dell and Goodwill have collaborated to collect more than 96 million pounds of electronics and have recently expanded the program to over 1,900 Goodwill locations . Simply take your unwanted devices and related equipment to a participating store or drop-off site . Goodwill accepts a wide array of items in any condition — even broken monitor glass is accepted as long as it 's sealed and properly labeled . Goodwill will refurbish or recycle your materials to benefit local communities . You can locate participating Goodwill locations here .
2 . The Wireless Foundation
The Wireless Foundation 's CALL to PROTECT program accepts used phones to help end family violence . With the help of ReCellular , Inc. , phones are refurbished and sold or recycled , with one hundred percent of the net proceeds going to grants for national organizations combatting domestic abuse . You can mail in your phone or drop it off at a local donation site . Click here to find out more .
3 . StRUT
Students Recycling Used Technology ( StRUT ) is a program that provides schools with reusable technology equipment in California , Arizona , Georgia , Oregon , Massachusetts , New Mexico , Louisiana , Texas and Washington . Students develop the skills they need for a career in technology by refurbishing the donated materials . In addition , schools gain trained technicians to help with IT needs and consumer electronics waste is reduced . You can find out more about how to donate your old computers , monitors , printers and other items from the linked sites above .
4 . Komputers 4 Kids
Based in southern California , Komputers 4 Kids strives to bridge the gap in technology access between children of higher and lower income families . The charity will accept nearly any electronic device that is not a household appliance . Learn more here .
5. eBay Giving Works
If you 'd like to make a charitable contribution to a non-profit that does n't have a consumer electronics recycling program , eBay 's Giving Works program may be the perfect solution . You can auction your used goods on eBay and donate 10-100 % of the final sale price to the organization of your choice . You can visit the Giving Works page to find out more .
If you 're not particularly keen on any of the options above , you might also want to check out TechSoup . Its search engine helps pair donors with consumer electronics recyclers and charitable programs in the U.S. and Canada . Additionally , if you have any unused electronics you would like to donate , you may want to consider reaching out to the Make-A-Wish Foundation , which provides new computers , MP3 players and gaming consoles to entertain children while they receive or recover from treatment .
The next time you think about tossing your old MP3 player or computer monitor in the trash can , we hope you 'll stop and consider a donation to one of the programs listed above .
[ img credit : StRUT ]
[ credit : GreenYour.com ]
Tips
Apple 's HomeKit allows users to control compatible hardware with an iPhone —but expanded control from outside the home requires either an Apple TV of some flavor , or an iPad . AppleInsider explains the use cases , and what you need to get started .
Setting up your first device
HomeKit code on packaging and Koogeek Smart Socket
What you can and ca n't do without a home hub
Allowing for automation and remote access with a home hub
Setting up an automation in iOS 10
Expansion in iOS 11
Changes to automation conditions in the iOS 11 beta
Jumping into HomeKit ?
One AppleInsider staffer 's actual in-use HomeKit setup
Wildli­fe and Fisher­ies Depart­ment orders inter-depart­mental inquir­y into the killin­g of the big cat
MUZAFFARABAD : Villagers on Tuesday killed a leopard in the Mandal area of Leepa Valley in Hattian Bala district some 100 kilometres from the capital city of Azad Jammu and Kashmir ( AJK ) .
The villagers said they killed the big cat with the help of police in an act of self-defence .
Deputy Commissioner Hattian Bala Hamid Kayani told The Express Tribune the leopard had killed five cattle heads in different villages of Leepa within half an hour before straying into residential areas .
“ The villagers tried their best to scare the big cat away but it became more violent and started charging at them , ” he added . “ In the end , the villagers sought help from the local police who then killed the leopard to save human lives . ”
Army airlifts supplies to Leepa Valley
Director of AJK 's Wildlife and Fisheries Department , Nayeem Iftikhar Dar , said he has ordered an inter-departmental inquiry into the killing of the big cat .
“ We have eight watchers in Leepa Valley and if they could not save the endangered leopard then they will have to face the music , ” he added . “ Leopard is one of the big cats found in the Himalayas region and is living in the upper reaches of Neelum and Leepa valleys . ”
[ brid video= ” 137121″ player= ” 7247″ title= ” Villagers kill leopard in AJKs Leepa valley ” ]
Read full story
Washington ( CNN ) In an unusual sight on Capitol Hill Friday afternoon , beekeepers were called in to capture and remove about 15,000 honey bees that had swarmed around the main Senate entrance of the U.S. Capitol Building , frightening onlookers before landing in a tree .
Three volunteer beekeepers , including one who is a top congressional aide , worked carefully but without protective suits to capture the queen and her thousands of offspring .
The bees had been out of their nest in search of a new , larger home , according to Rachel Perry of Capitol Bee Care , an organization that works to protect honey bee colonies that , for a variety of reasons , are dying off in large numbers . Wearing just a scarf hanging over her head , Perry sat patiently beneath the tree luring the bees into a hole in a medium-sized cardboard box that was sealed with gaffers tape , gently nudging with a brush the last stragglers inside .
U.S. Capitol Police officers , one carrying a large automatic rifle that probably was n't going to help him against the bees , cordoned off the area with yellow tape and kept passersby at bay . They gazed with amusement as the beekeepers did their daring work , a welcome distraction from their typical police duties . The beekeepers explained to the officers that no one risked getting stung because when bees leave their nests in search of another , they fill up with honey first , so they can survive the journey . Once packed with honey , they are unlikely to sting .
Read More
You 've got to hand it to naturopaths when it comes to self-promotion .
On the heels of an incident in which a naturopath killed an otherwise healthy woman by administering an IV of turmeric ( or the compound derived from turmeric - curcumin , ) naturopaths are filling the hallways of Capitol Hill , working to convince lawmakers to allow them to do that ... to more people .
This weekend , students and practitioners of naturopathy from all over the country make their annual trek to Washington DC to first , learn how to lobby and second , lobby in support of naturopathy .
The weekend is referred to as the DC Federal Legislative Initiative ( DCFLI ) and is organized by the American Association of Naturopathic Physicians ( AANP ) .
And , unlike the health care they practice - they really have this process down to a science .
Taken from the agenda , they spend the two days of the weekend in a hotel in Crystal City , Virginia , training for their day on Capitol Hill . During the two day training , some of the sessions offered are ,
`` Success ! Celebrating and Learning from the Victories in Massachusetts and Pennsylvania ''
State “ Pop-Ups ” : Updates from Around the Country
Organizing 101 : The Foundation of State Association Success
Overcoming Common Objections to Naturopathic Medicine and ND Licensure
Mock Visit Workshop : Presenting AANP 's Asks on Capitol Hill
Logistical Tips for Your Hill Visits / Housekeeping and Final Q & A
They even spend the last session of the second day `` Visualizing Success Tomorrow . ''
Then , on Monday , they spend the day on Capitol Hill , talking to lawmakers . The AANP sets up meetings with the staff of senators and representatives ( and sometimes the senators and representatives themselves ) to promote their profession .
For the naturopaths , this institutionalized , organized effort is , in many ways , working very well . That is bad news as their influence is growing - and fast . Massachusetts recently became the 20th state to license naturopaths and there are a dozen state associations looking for licensure this year ( ID , IL , IN , MI , MN , MS , NJ , NY , NV , NC , OK , RI , WI . )
In trying to obtain those licenses , the naturopaths will push messages such as naturopathy is safe and natural and that the training of naturopaths and physicians is the same - two statements we vehemently disagree with . They will focus on topics such as insurance non-discrimination , inclusion in the VA , and the role of naturopaths as an alternative to opioids for the treatment of chronic pain .
The level of coordination of this effort is both shocking and disturbing to me . I mean , if this group put as much effort into their health practice as they do into preparing to lobby , myself and others like Britt Marie Hermes , the former naturopath who saw the profession for what it really is and now works to educate people about it , would have a lot less to complain about .
Marijuana will be legal by July of 2018 .
After that happens , Meaghan Thumath a senior practice leader for the BC Centre for Disease Control , argues the government should consider a regulated form of legalized opioids — like heroin — as well .
Heroin is really another medication , it 's another opioid and the distinction between something being legal and illegal is in my opinion , and many others , quite arbitrary . - Meaghan Thumath
Thumath was involved with the NAOMI trials , which studied the use of prescription heroin to treat drug users in Vancouver from 2005 to 2008.​
To Thumath , a registered nurse , heroin is simply a way to treat a person 's pain — regardless of whether it 's physical or emotional trauma .
`` One of the mythologies about prescription heroin is that people are doing it to get really high . In my experience , they 're actually just taking enough to treat their pain and often they 're very able to talk and carry on a conversation immediately afterwards , engage in a counseling session , [ or ] see a primary care physician . ''
Thumath says there 's evidence that legalizing heroin would not only help people stop using other drugs , but it might also drive substance users away from the illicit market and the drugs that are endemic to it — fentanyl and carfentanil .
As for concerns about sanctioning an addictive drug for recreational use , Thumath says she supports drug regulation and notes there is a tendency for people to think of legalization in a binary way — going from prohibition to legalization with nothing in between .
`` Drug regulation says there are approaches or ways to do this in different ways . So there is prescription , pharmacy models , unlicensed sales . And for me , with heroin , it will really have to be community by community . ''
To Thumath , the overdose crisis in B.C has been overwhelming and she thinks society should consider all the `` creative ideas on the table . ''
However from her clinical experience she has found that people who want to use drugs often want to do so for other reasons than just getting high .
`` They want to get high because they have nowhere to sleep , they have terrible living conditions , they do n't have belonging or community , '' she says , noting that once those other determinants of health have been dealt with , she 's found that clients do n't necessarily want to get high .
Given B.C has lost more people to overdose deaths than traffic accidents , to Thumath it is clear the current approach to drugs is n't working .
LaxLessons.com | October 16 , 2017
A junior lacrosse player at Rumson-Fair Haven High School in New Jersey was found dead in an apparent suicide Sunday morning .
Peter “ Pierce ” Jarck died early Sunday morning at his family 's home in Rumson , located in Monmouth County . He was 16 .
A report of a suicide with a firearm prompted a large and heavily armed police presence to be dispatched to a home on Sunday morning , according to a report by redbankgreen.com .
The 5-foot-10 , 165-pound Jarck played defense and longstick midfield . He was one of the Rumson-Fair Haven 's leading newcomers to the varsity team as a sophomore last spring . He played on the New Jersey Riot travel lacrosse program .
Lee Southren , director of the Riot program , said players and families in the program were “ devastated ” after learning of Pierce 's passing . He described Pierce as a “ great kid everybody loved . ”
Funeral arrangements have not yet been announced .
Pierce is survived by his parents and two older sisters .
Check back for updates .
LL/RR LaxLessons Recruiting Rundown : The Original , The Best You can report a new recruiting commitment or any commitments not included by emailing Joe Lombardi at joe @ laxlessons.com . Our groundbreaking , imitated and never duplicated Recruiting Rundown launched in 2009 , years before the copycat imitators .
Tristate Division I Class of 2015 commitments by college
Tristate Division I Class of 2016 commitments by college
Tristate Division I Class of 2017 commitments by college
Tristate Division I Class of 2018 commitments by college
Tristate Division I Class of 2019 commitments by college
Tristate Division I Class of 2020 commitments by college
I was honoured to be invited to the first meeting of the Northern Ireland Assembly All Party Group on Cycling on 4th March 2014 , and I decided to mark the occasion with a ham-fisted attempt at a series of infographics on local cycling issues .
There 's actually some decent data on local cycling ( especially commuting ) which shows some of the developing strengths and historic structural barriers and weaknesses . Unfortunately the information is difficult to find and digest at source , and not widely known . To better inform our engaged politicians and the wider public , here are 15 infographics with some important messages .
A quiet revolution in Belfast cycle commuting
This fact worth celebrating was missed by the DRD Press Office , and Northern Ireland did n't make it onto this list of cities and towns with the best cycling progress recorded by the Census . As it was , Belfast had the 9th largest increase among large UK urban centres in the last decade . In the same period , cycle commuting in the rest of NI dropped by 12 % , showing why the cycling investment focus should fall on Belfast in the coming years . [ Source : NISRA ]
Belfast 's cycling landscape is not uniform
North and West Belfast remain some distance behind South and East Belfast in terms of cycling uptake . It 's truly shocking that the number of kids cycling to primary or secondary school or university struggles to reach triple figures outside South Belfast . There are structural issues at work behind the commuter statistics , not least in terms of deprivation , and our unique black taxi ‘ bus ' routes . But the ‘ hotspot ' in the South is instructive – Belfast 's highest quality , most coherent cycling route is situated on the River Lagan , with the Lagan Towpath / Stranmillis Embankment / Laganside spine running right into the city centre . [ Source : NISRA ]
Now , about that childhood obesity crisis ..
Over a fifth of Northern Ireland children entering Year 1 are either overweight or obese . Undercutting the UK 's shocking 2 % of children cycling to school is some achievement , but Northern Ireland records a shameful 0 % . Affording safe space to cycle , and the freedom and independence to cycle to school alone from an early age , is a bellwether of healthy , happy societies . The correlation between childhood cycling rates and the Netherlands ' position on the UNICEF child well-being ranking does n't go unnoticed . Sustrans in particular are doing good work in schools in Northern Ireland , but two main problems hold back childhood cycling here :
our Programme for Government target mixes walking and cycling , so even a fall in cycling can be a success as long as it 's outstripped by a rise in walking
as long as it 's outstripped by a rise in walking you ca n't train away ( from kids or their parents ) the perception and reality that routes to schools are full of fast impatient cars , and that our protected space for cycling is lacking
[ Sources : DRD , ECF , Cycling Embassy of Denmark ]
Cycle commuting is a male-dominated activity in Belfast
Another quick health check on any city is the balance of males and females cycling . The cycling landscape of Belfast is very different from the rest of Northern Ireland , but on this one measure there is parity . Male commuters are much more likely to see cycling as an option for transport . For comparison , in the Netherlands the national share of cycling is 55 % female , 45 % male . [ Source : NISRA ]
Sure , it 's lashing it down out there ..
Okay , this is semi-serious , but how many times is Belfast 's weather the knee jerk reaction to a question about why someone does n't cycle ? Forgetting for a second Billy Connolly 's line about “ there 's no such thing as bad weather , just the wrong clothes “ , do people really think places where cycling is common and normal are warm and sunny all year round ? A quick look at average conditions in Amsterdam and Copenhagen ( have you seen their winter ? ) might surprise , as would the cycling levels in freezing cold and wet Cyprus . Weather < efficiency of journeys , perception of safety , quality of routes , infrastructure .. [ Source : Wikipedia ]
You 'd need your head examined ..
But now we get to the crux of the issue – fear . People are not stupid , and make rational choices about transport . Clearly there is a problem when this many people will not cycle because the road environment in Belfast causes them to worry for their safety . As we saw in the earlier graphic , this affects parents ' decisions on allowing their children to cycle too . All of the hard work and money spent by government on on-road cycle training and cycling promotion is wasted without subjectively safe space for cycling , protected and joined-up routes , reducing conflict with vehicles and making cycling truly attractive for everyone . [ Source : PARC Study ]
And yet , the 60 % might have a point ..
With cycling remaining around 1 % of all traffic in Northern Ireland , it 's staggering to see this deterioration in safety over the last 3 years . Up to 2009 the rate of cycling deaths and serious injuries was practically the same as pedestrians , yet since then cycling is almost twice as dangerous as walking ( statistically speaking ) . [ Sources : PSNI and DRD ]
Cycling is a transport tool in a modern city
One thing often missing from the anger of politicians and business leaders to schemes like Belfast on the Move is an understanding of the low rate of car ownership in Belfast . Whether due to social factors , affordability , deprivation , or excellent transport links and the small size of the city , a sizeable portion of our population needs better public transport options . Building a cohesive city cycling network and attracting more people onto two wheels plays into a massive target audience . [ Source : DRD ]
Have bicycle , will travel ..
So – very few people cycle in Northern Ireland , and most people in Belfast think our roads are too dangerous . Is it surprising to see that so few households own bicycles ? This is a long-term structural barrier which shows little sign of budging , despite good projects like the Cycle To Work Scheme . In the Netherlands there are more bicycles than people – maybe , just maybe , the difference is the infrastructure ? You can lead a horse to water .. [ Source : DRD ]
Backing sustainable transport in Northern Ireland ..
Fun fact – did you know that people in Northern Ireland make more cycling journeys than train journeys each year ? It 's true , and while investment in the railways has reaped great benefits in increased patronage in the last few years , desperate under-investment in cycling leaves our rates among the lowest in Europe . The train and the bicycle are n't in competition in most areas here , and both serve to get people out of their cars . 45 % of journeys to work in Belfast of 2km or less are made in private vehicles – imagine how many of those journeys could be switched to the bicycle with real investment . [ Source : DRD ]
Talk is cheap ..
Chronic under-investment is the reality for cycling in Northern Ireland ( and it 's been even worse ) with an average of just 58p per year per head of population over the last five years . The new DRD Cycling Unit plans to ramp up this investment in 2015/16 to £2.50 per head ( £4.5m ) and £4 per head thereafter ( £7.5m ) . The Get Britain Cycling Report recommends a starting point of £10 annually per person , which Pedal on Parliament rightly points out is n't going to bring about the kind of cycling revolution which Danny Kennedy talks about . Playing catch-up to Great Britain does n't show real ambition . Belfast has a real chance to power past the best UK and Irish cycling cities , given the right leadership , vision and ( crucially ) investment . [ Source : DRD and Get Britain Cycling Report ]
But we have cycle lanes already , right ?
According to DRD , the cycle lane network in Belfast is more extensive than the bus lane network ! Of course , DRD unfortunately relies on bus lanes as a major part of the ( usually inbound ) cycling network , another barrier for people intimidated by sharing spaces with buses . True # space4cycling is just that – something which is n't shared space with pedestrians or large , fast and impatient vehicles . Belfast boasts just 5 stretches of protected cycle tracks ( Stranmillis Embankment , Sydenham Road , Park Road , Victoria Street and the world-famous Bin Lane ) amounting to a paltry 2.5km . Seville quickly built an 80 mile network of protected cycle space and grew cycling tenfold in a short space of time . Belfast could and should do something just as radical . [ Source : DRD ]
Cycle lanes – shared space that excludes cycling
Ask anyone cycling in Belfast why they do n't use cycle lanes and the answer is simple – parking . The whole network is based on advisory cycle lanes – not enforceable , and effectively space shared with vehicles . Lanes lucky enough to have an urban clearway therefore become real cycle lanes for about 5 % of the whole week . Except , drivers really do n't fear traffic wardens on many routes and park round the clock regardless . This is not # space4cycling . The Reclaim Belfast 's Cycle Lanes Surveys shone a light on the issue , and DRD 's parking enforcement section were n't interested . [ Source : NI Greenways ]
And if you 're thinking “ that infographic would make a great video ” here 's a great video we made earlier ..
[ youtube http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=OvqGnlhWHGs ? rel=0 & w=600 & h=338 ]
Build it and they will come ..
Even if you 've been to Amsterdam and seen how the bicycle is catered for there , you might struggle to see how those principles can be applied in Belfast . Hell , even popular local cycling bloggers have struggled with the concept of applying principles of protected cycling space to the local environment , but they thankfully wised the bap soon after ; ) But just look to what DRD built on the Stranmillis Embankment over 15 years ago , and the effect it has had on cycling numbers . Any talk of pilot projects in our cycling revolution should be tempered – your real-world pilot is proven . Imagine if we could triple the cycling rates across the whole of Belfast in the next ten years .. [ Source : DRD ]
Belfast 's citizen cyclists are well ahead of your investment plans
Remarkably over the last decade people in Belfast are simply finding their own way to cycling as a viable urban transport tool . This is the equivalent of everyone in Belfast cycling over 1 mile a week instead of 1 mile a month a decade ago . If DRD are consistent in one respect , their Press Office seems to miss most chances to publicise cycling successes . In this measure , as with most of the statistics on the infographics above , you 're likely to hear about them on this blog first . Nothing would make me happier than leaving that privilege in more capable official hands . [ Source : DRD ]
A judge has issued a $ 10,000 bench warrant for the arrest of rapper Tyga.The warrant comes after the 26-year old was a no-show at a Santa Monica courtroom , where he was due to appear Tuesday morning to account for his finances.Tyga , whose real name is Michael Ray Stevenson , failed to pay a $ 480,000 judgement against him for damage at a Malibu home he had rented in 2011.According to court documents , Tyga missed a $ 16,000 monthly payment and broke the lease.Once the owners took possession , they say they found damage and alterations to the home that had not been approved - including a dance pole in the middle of the master bedroom and damaged glass tiles in both of the master bathroom 's showers.The intercom system allegedly was also disconnected.Tyga , who has been linked romantically to Kylie Jenner , refused to pay , claiming poverty.In court , the plaintiff 's attorney brought up the recent purchase of a $ 200,000 Mercedes-Maybach sedan for Jenner . The plaintiff 's attorney said he wants Jenner to appear for questioning to see where that money came from . `` What we 're asking for is any asset that 's transferred since July 20 , when this has been served . The law allows us to take possession , to use it to satisfy any outstanding judgments , '' said Boris Treyzon , an attorney for the plaintiff . `` To the extent the car was onetime owned by Mr. Stevenson , it has been transferred for no payment , '' Treyzon said . `` We will ask for the car to be returned and turned over to our client . ''
It is our pleasure to invite you to @ party 2019 !
Click here to register for the party !
This is the 10th annual @ party and we 're returning to Artisan 's Asylum in Somerville , MA USA . There will be three full days of scheduled programming from Friday June 7th through Sunday June 9th with 24 hour site access .
The room will have a permanently installed sound system and bigscreen comparable in size to the party system of the past six years and you 're welcome to consume meals and refreshments at your computer place . You ca n't sleep here though , so please make arrangements for a hotel or roomshare if you do n't intend to stay awake for three days straight .
We 've also already begun scheduling live acts for Friday and Saturday and seminar presentations for all three days . Stay tuned for further details or contact us if you 're interested in presenting as there are still some time slots available .
Thank you , and we hope to see you at @ party 2019 !
– Dr.Claw and the rest of the @ party Orga Team
No estimate was provided for when construction would start or finish .
Irving-based Fluor Enterprises and the Lane Construction Corp. have been chosen to design and build a proposed high-speed rail between North Texas and Houston , developer Texas Central Partners announced Monday .
The company promises to complete the project without taking any public money and to help increase tax revenue for cities , counties and school districts along the route .
Texas Central , Fluor and Lane will work together on “ refining and updating the project 's construction planning and sequencing , scheduling and cost estimates , procurement and other design and engineering activities related to the civil infrastructure , ” according to a news release .
After development and financing , Fluor and Lane would be the “ preferred design-builder of the project , ” the release says .
Lane Construction is a subsidiary of the Italian company Salini Impregilo . Fluor is an engineering and construction firm .
No estimate was provided for when construction would start or finish .
“ This underscores the attention the Texas Bullet Train has received from world-class firms , wanting to be part of a project that will revolutionize travel here and generate long-lasting local economic benefits , ” Texas Central CEO Carlos Aguilar said in a statement Monday .
A 2015 impact study commissioned by the company estimated the project would generate $ 36 billion in economic benefits over 25 years , The Dallas Morning Newsreports . An estimated 10,000 jobs would be created over four years of construction and Texas Central would hire 1,000 permanent employees .
Texas Central has drawn support from investors , federal officials and the mayors of Dallas , Fort Worth and Houston . But it has drawn “ intense opposition from some of the communities in between , ” according to the Texas Tribune .
Landowners along the route oppose the rail project for several reasons . Opponents do n't understand why their land should change to benefit the state 's major urban hubs . Some doubt how many riders the train would attract as well as Texas Central 's promised economic benefits .
“ Others do n't think a company using Japanese technology and equipment for a privately-owned transportation project should have the ability to use eminent domain to buy up their land , ” according to the Tribune .
State lawmakers in 2015 tried unsuccessfully to strip Texas Central of its power to use eminent domain and to block state agencies from helping developers of the project , the Tribune reports . Efforts to hinder the project were made again in the most recent regular legislative session .
Texas Central plans to use the N700-I bullet train system , The Dallas Morning Newsreports . That 's the same one used by the Central Japan Railway Company on its Shinkansen line between Tokyo and Osaka .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Juergen Mathies said he was relying on victims identifying their attackers
Most of the men who sexually assaulted women in Cologne on New Year 's Eve may never be caught , the city 's police chief , Juergen Mathies , has said .
CCTV footage was not good enough to identify sex crimes , he told the BBC .
Police have identified 75 suspects in connection with the thefts and assaults that took place around Cologne station .
A 23-year-old Moroccan man given a suspended sentence for theft has become the first person convicted for his part in the spate of attacks .
The man , named only as Younis A , was handed a six-month suspended sentence and a €100-euro ( £79 ; $ 100 ) fine for stealing a mobile phone .
Another Moroccan , aged 18 , was given two years ' probation and community service for stealing a bag , and a 22-year-old Tunisian was handed a three-month suspended sentence as well as community service . They are among 13 men who have been arrested for stealing .
The attacks have been largely blamed on people from North Africa who entered Germany illegally or have sought asylum .
In the courtroom , by Jenny Hill , BBC News , Cologne
Image copyright EPA Image caption Younis A was one of three defendants on trial : two of the accused tried to hide their faces in court
Younis A sat with his head bowed so close to the table that his lawyer had to tell him to lift his chin and face the court .
The young Moroccan admitted he had snatched a mobile phone from a young woman on New Year 's Eve and stood briefly to mumble an apology in her direction .
His lawyer told the court that he had had nothing to do with the sexual assaults that were perpetrated that night and accused the court of turning him into a scapegoat .
New Year 's Eve was `` a terrible event with terrible consequences '' , he said .
`` People are buying pepper spray , vigilantes run through the city and beat up foreigners . But do n't hold my client responsible for these events . ''
Spotlight on Germany 's N African migrants
Women describe 'terrible ' assaults
Attacks ' profound impact on Europe
Germans left feeling vulnerable
Only one person , a 26-year-old Algerian asylum seeker , has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault .
`` The CCTV footage is not good enough to clearly identify sexual assaults . We can see some thefts but that 's all . We are relying on witness accounts and victims identifying their attackers , '' said Mr Mathies .
Mr Mathies ' predecessor Wolfgang Albers was fired over his handling of the wave of assaults and robberies .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Nearly 500 women have made allegations of sexual assault following the mass attacks outside the main railway station in Cologne
An official report found that Cologne police made `` serious mistakes '' in not calling in reinforcements and in the way they informed the public .
About 1,000 men of North African and Arab origin gathered near Cologne 's main station on 31 December . Smaller groups formed , first surrounding women and then threatening and attacking them , the report said .
Chancellor Angela Merkel 's immigration policy has since come under mounting criticism .
About 1.1 million asylum seekers arrived in Germany in 2015 .
Government entities such as Australia Post - which the Turnbull government is now demanding be more transparent - were explicitly told they could keep senior executive salaries secret under watered-down rules issued by the Coalition two years ago .
Spurred by public anger at Australia Post chief executive Ahmed Fahour 's $ 5.6 million salary , Finance Minister Mathias Cormann announced on Saturday he had written to the heads of seven government business enterprises demanding they reveal their executive remuneration packages .
Liberal Senator James Paterson , who forced Australia Post to disclose Mr Fahour 's salary to a Senate committee earlier this month , said it was `` not appropriate '' for the postal service to shield Mr Fahour 's salary from public scrutiny and that taxpayers have a right to such information .
But it was new rules introduced by the Abbott government as part of its much-hyped red tape repeal `` bonfire '' that gave the green light to Australia Post and other entities to strip out the detail of senior executive remuneration from their annual reports from 2015 .
Pop Rocks are a very cool candy that pops when you put them in your mouth . They make a sizzling sound as they dissolve , the tiny explosions feel interesting , plus ( in my opinion ) they taste good .
There was an urban legend that Mikey , the kid from the Life cereal ads who wo n't eat anything , ate Pop Rocks and washed them down with a cola , and then died when his stomach exploded . It 's completely untrue . If you swallow a handful of Pop Rocks and chug a soda , you 'll probably burp , but you wo n't die . If Mikey barely tried Life cereal , why would he eat Pop Rocks anyway ? How exactly do Pop Rocks work ?
How Pop Rocks Work
Pop Rocks are a hard candy that has been gasified with carbon dioxide using a patented process .
Pop Rocks are made by mixing sugar , lactose , corn syrup , water , and artificial colors/flavors . The solution is heated until the water boils off and combined with carbon dioxide gas at about 600 pounds per square inch ( psi ) . When the pressure is released , the candy shatters into small pieces , each containing bubbles of pressurized gas . If you examine the candy with a magnifying glass , you can see the tiny bubbles of trapped carbon dioxide .
When you put Pop Rocks in your mouth , your saliva dissolves the candy , allowing the pressurized carbon dioxide to escape . It 's the popping of the pressurized bubbles that makes the sizzling sound and shoots pieces of candy around in your mouth .
Are Pop Rocks Dangerous ?
SALEM , N.J. ( CBS ) — A fast-food worker in full uniform viciously attacked a young mother in front of the victim 's two-year-old son and the entire attack was caught on tape .
On Monday , the suspect turned herself into police .
The attack happened Tuesday in the city of Salem , New Jersey and video of the assault was later posted on Facebook .
The suspect has been identified by the Salem City Police Department as 25-year-old Latia Harris . When apprehended , Salem City Police Chief John Pelura , III says Harris faces charges of aggravated assault and two counts of terroristic threats .
MUST READ : Hoarders Stabbed Inside Trash-Filled Home
In the video , a woman wearing a McDonald 's uniform is shown attacking another woman .
The victim , identified as 27-year-old Catherine Ferreira , falls to the ground and while on the ground , the suspect punches the victim approximately 20 times .
As the attack is going on , the victim 's toddler son is seen pleading for the suspect to stop and tries to kick the suspect in an attempt to make her stop .
At one point during the video , the suspect can be heard saying : “ You better get your son before I kick him in the face too ! ”
“ I could have been dead right now , had she hit me in the right spot it would have been over , over nothing . McDonald 's is n't worth it , a guy is n't worth it . This is more serious than you 're even comprehending , ” says Catherine Ferreira .
READ : Philly Cop Charged With Fighting With Teens
On her two-year-old son fighting Harris and being the only one to try to intervene she says “ After that I became so much closer to my son because he did n't care what was going on . He was n't afraid , he just wanted to defend his mom . That 's my world right there , I love that boy so much . ”
At the end of the video , the suspect appears to spit on the victim as she lays helplessly on the ground .
Adding to the shock factor of the video is that several bystanders do not intervene and instead take out their cell phones and record the attack .
Police say as Harris walked away , she asked those recording to not post the video on social media .
READ : Boy , 12 , Arrested In Knifepoint Robbery Of Cell Phone
Police were able to obtain a video of the attack off of Facebook before it was deleted .
Harris was employed at a nearby McDonald 's and has not reported to work since the assault .
The victim told police that Harris accused her of spreading rumors about her and her manager at McDonald 's .
McDonald 's owner Jim Burglaga released the following statement regarding the incident : “ I am aware of the incident involving one of my employees earlier this week . I am extremely disturbed by this kind of behavior and it goes against the values and standards that I expect from my employees in my restaurants . This employee will not be serving customers pending this important police investigation and I 'm fully cooperating with the local police in this matter . ”
Anyone with information on the location of Harris is asked to call Salem Police at 856-935-0057 .
Must Read Today 's Top Talkers :
During VMworld their was a lot of talk around the announcement of VMware vCloud Air Object Storage . This is a major milestone for VMware 's Cloud Services offering , and provides a lot of capabilities customers have been asking for . You can read the Tech Preview Blog Article here .
However , since VMworld a lot of people have been asking me “ Object Storage What is it ? and why would I use it ? ” . Not everyone has heard of Object Storage , let alone started consuming it , so I thought now would be a good opportunity to share with people what I have been using Object Storage for .
I have been using Object Storage offerings for over 4 years now . Ever since I discovered that my Iomega ( now Lenovo ) PX-4 could automatically back up to Amazon S3 , I have been using it for a backup service .
As always , when you want to know a description about something , you google it , and Wikipedia has the answer . This is how Wikipedia describes Object Storage :
Object storage ( also known as object-based storage [ 1 ] ) is a storage architecture that manages data as objects , as opposed to other storage architectures like file systems which manage data as a file hierarchy and block storage which manages data as blocks within sectors and tracks . Each object typically includes the data itself , a variable amount of metadata , and a globally unique identifier . Object storage can be implemented at multiple levels , including the device level ( object storage device ) , the system level , and the interface level . In each case , object storage seeks to enable capabilities not addressed by other storage architectures , like interfaces that can be directly programmable by the application , a namespace that can span multiple instances of physical hardware , and data management functions like data replication and data distribution at object-level granularity . Object storage systems allow relatively inexpensive , scalable and self-healing retention of massive amounts of unstructured data . Object storage is used for diverse purposes such as storing photos on Facebook , songs on Spotify , or files in online collaboration services , such as Dropbox .
So we know its cheap , mostly cloud based storage . But why would I use it ? What are the main use cases ?
I use it for two specific use cases . Backup and File Syncing . How many people out there use Dropbox ? That is a cloud based Object Storage offering ! It allows you to sync your files across many devices , and also access your files on the web when you need them .
Backups
Backups is the biggest use case that I see for Object Storage . I use it to store all my photos in a secure off-site location , so that in the event of a disaster I can retrieve all my photos . Out of everything I own , the only things I can not replace is my photo collection . Baby Photo 's , Holiday Photo 's , Christmas , Birthdays , Wedding etc . They are irreplaceable .
So lets have a look at how I leverage Object Storage to have an off-site backup of my photos .
I have two devices that I take photos on , an Apple iPhone and my Digital Camera .
First I sync all my photos with Dropbox . Dropbox provides a great way to automatically import all your photos , you simply plug in your device and upload begins . Dropbox then syncs with all my devices that I have . Importantly , it syncs with my Mac Mini at home . Every night , my MacMini checks for new files in my photos folder . When it detects a new file , it copies this file to my PX4 device . This NAS device also acts as my main media server for my home , which allows me to look at the photos on any TV around my house . Once the PX4 detects a new file , it uploads this file automatically to the off-site Object Storage bucket . All the data is encrypted using SSL while uploading , and is encrypted at rest too .
I already hear one question brewing on peoples lips… Why do n't you just use Dropbox as your offsite storage ? Well the simple reason is that files are easily deleted from Dropbox . Also space is limited on Dropbox ( or it was until last month when they upgraded me to a TB ) I have over 300GB of photos now . By leveraging this solution , it allows me to have my photos available at anytime , and also if my house was to burn down , gives me a really cheap way of having an offsite backup where I can easily restore all my photos from .
I also use Object Storage for my blog backups . I use a WordPress plugin called BackupBuddy which automatically backups all my WordPress sites , and uploads the zip file to an Object Storage bucket . This allows me to never worry about backing up my blog site , as the zip files can just be downloaded and imported back into WordPress very quickly and easily .
Third Party tools like CyberDuck
The other great part of Object Storage is that you can leverage it pretty much in the same you can use FTP sites or File Servers . Most Object Storage providers use S3 compatible APIs so you can use tools like CyberDuck to upload and download files extremely easily .
You can see in the screenshot below , how easy it is to manage your files and folders . It 's just like using any other file management tool .
The VMware vCloud Air Object Storage Beta is open for you to sign up and try . http : //www.vmware.com/go/getObjectStorage
Share this : Email
Reddit
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Like this : Like Loading ...
Clown fish reared in acidified water lost the ability to `` smell '' danger Ocean acidification could cause fish to become `` fatally attracted '' to their predators , according to scientists . A team studying the effects of acidification - caused by dissolved CO2 - on ocean reefs found that it leaves fish unable to `` smell danger '' . Young clownfish that were reared in the acidified water became attracted to rather than repelled by the chemical signals released by predatory fish . The findings were published in the journal Ecology Letters . Danielle Dixson from James Cook University in Queensland , Australia , led the study . She and her colleagues tested orange clown fish larvae that were raised in water with the same slightly alkaline pH as their ocean reef habitat , and those raised in more acidic water . The team released the fish into a `` flow chamber '' with two water sources flowing in parallel . One source was taken from tanks containing the clown fishes ' natural predators and one was drawn from tanks in which non-predatory fish were swimming . `` The flow rates are identical , so the water wo n't mix , '' Ms Dixson explained . `` This allows the fish in the chamber to choose which water cue they prefer or dislike . '' In the test , the fish reared in normal water avoided the stream of water that their predators had been swimming in . They detected the odour of a predator and swam away from it . But , Ms Dixson said , fish raised in the more acidic water were strongly attracted to both the predatory and the non-predatory flumes . The researchers say that their study shows that fish larvae `` might exhibit a fatal attraction to predators at CO2 and pH levels that could occur in our oceans by 2100 on a business-as-usual scenario of greenhouse gas emissions '' . Smell of danger Previous studies have shown that fish rely on their sense of smell , or olfaction , to avoid being eaten during the what is known as their settlement process . This is when the recently hatched larvae find a suitable , and safe , place to live . At this vulnerable juvenile stage , the researchers pointed out , `` the ability to detect and avoid predators is one of the most important mechanisms to ensure survival '' . Ms Dixson told BBC News : `` Ocean acidification has the potential to become a widespread problem and it 's unknown how many organisms and ecosystems will cope with the decrease [ in ] pH . `` This study shows that ocean acidification could lead to an increase in the mortality of larvae . ''
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Attempts to portray women who were forced to work in brothels as willing prostitutes at odds with mainstream historical opinion
Japan 's biggest-selling newspaper has apologised for its past use of the term “ sex slaves ” to describe tens of thousands of women who were forced to work in Japanese military brothels before and during the second world war .
The move by the Yomiuri Shimbun , a conservative broadsheet with a daily circulation of more than 10 million , has fuelled concern that sections of the country 's media have signed up to a government-led campaign to rewrite Japan 's wartime history and portray its actions on the Asian mainland in a more favourable light .
Revisionist attempts to portray the women as willing prostitutes hired by private brokers has soured Tokyo 's relations with South Korea , where many of the victims came from . The Japanese prime minister , Shinzo Abe , has yet to hold a bilateral summit with his counterpart in Seoul , Park Geun-hye , since he took office in December 2012 .
In a statement carried in its Japanese and English-language editions , the Yomiuri said it would continue to use the phrase “ so-called comfort women ” , a more ambiguous wording critics say downplays the women 's plight .
Many mainstream historians and overseas media use “ sex slaves ” to describe as many as 200,000 women – mostly from the Korean peninsula – who were forced to work in frontline brothels until Japan 's defeat in 1945 .
The Yomiuri said the “ inappropriate ” descriptions had appeared on numerous occasions in its English-language edition the Daily Yomiuri , now known as the Japan News , for more than a decade up to 2013 . The paper said it had not come under pressure from outside to alter its editorial policy .
In September , Japan 's historical revisionists received a boost when the liberal Asahi Shimbun retracted several articles it ran in the 1990s about wartime sex slaves .
The coverage was based on the falsified testimony of Seiji Yoshida , a former soldier who claimed he had witnessed women from the South Korean island of Jeju being abducted to work in military brothels . Yoshida , who died in 2000 , has been discredited by independent investigations by academics and other newspapers .
Senior Asahi staff resigned and the paper became the target of sustained attacks on its editorial credibility from conservative rivals , including the Yomiuri .
In line with claims made by leading conservative politicians that there is no evidence that the military coerced the women , the Yomiuri said the previous wording had created the mistaken impression that sexual enslavement was official wartime policy .
“ The Yomiuri Shimbun apologises for having used these misleading expressions and will add a note stating that they were inappropriate to all the articles in question in our database , ” the paper said in a statement printed in the Japan News on Friday .
The paper cited 97 articles published between 1992 and 2013 that used “ sex slave ” or “ other inappropriate expressions ” .
The Yomiuri , a staunch supporter of the governing Liberal Democratic party , said “ sex slaves ” had never been used in its Japanese edition .
“ The expression ‘ comfort women ” was difficult to understand for non-Japanese who did not have knowledge of the subject . Therefore the Daily Yomiuri , based on an inaccurate perception and using foreign news agencies ' reports as reference , added such explanations as ‘ women who were forced into sexual slavery ' that did not appear in The Yomiuri Shimbun 's original stories , ” the paper said .
Abe is one of several conservative politicians who have blamed the Asahi – and overseas media coverage of the sex slave issue they claim was based on the newspaper 's falsified stories – for damaging Japan 's international reputation . But he has stopped short of revising a 1993 government statement apologising to the women .
Mainstream historians point out , however , that the Asahi 's recent retraction does not invalidate their contention that Japan 's wartime government and military were involved in coercing the women .
Jay Ratliff was released by the Dallas Cowboys last week amid injury troubles . However , the free-agent defensive lineman should be ready to return to the field soon after undergoing sports hernia surgery .
Several teams are interested in Ratliff , per a source involved in the process . NFL Media obtained an email from Ratliff 's agent Mark Slough , which was sent to personnel directors around the NFL :
`` Jay met with Dr. Meyers in Philadelphia this morning . Dr. Meyers performed his surgery last December . Jay has been medically cleared to return to all football activities without limitation . Jay has given his OK to Dr. Meyers to speak directly with any club that has an interest in talking to him .
`` Jay will now continue his individual workouts in Dallas and work hard to regain further strength and improve his conditioning . His goal is to be ready to ( work out ) for clubs in a couple of weeks . He currently weighs 304 ( pounds ) and is in very good shape ... just needs to take his workouts up a notch . ''
The four-time Pro Bowl selection has yet to play in 2013 . He played just six games in 2012 due to injuries , but he started all 16 games for the Cowboys from 2008 to 2011 .
Follow Ian Rapoport on Twitter @ RapSheet .
NEW DELHI : Abandoning years of hostility , India has formally applied for the membership of Missile Technology Control Regime ( MTCR ) , a West-dominated elite club of 34 countries that controls trade in missile and space technology . The application may happen at MTCR 's plenary due in September-October.Indian diplomats feel the country 's chances of getting the membership are bright , thanks to US ' assurances.India 's space and missile programmes will gain from MTCR membership since it will get access to world-class technology . MTCR will also allow it to export its own technology to countries that comply with the regime.Applying for MTCR membership is an important diplomatic step because this brings India closer to technology control regimes that the country had fought and worked around for decades to build its missile and space programmes.Senior officials familiar with the matter told ET New Delhi 's aim is to have the membership considered at MTCR 's next plenary in September-October . The current MTCR chair , Ronald Waess of Norway , could visit India next month as efforts are expected to pick up pace.The decision to include India as a member has to be through consensus and India 's bet is on Washington to pilot the process.Several member countries have in the past few years welcomed India 's desire to join the regime . MTCR was formed in 1987 and , through informal understanding between members , it maintains a tight control over trade in missile and rocket components.Due to its nuclear weapons programme , India had always found itself at the receiving end of MTCR guidelines.It could never get any active assistance for the Integrated Guided Missile Development Programme under which the Agni and Prithvi series of missiles were built.While the Nuclear Suppliers Group ( NSG ) tightened controls on fissile material and weapons technology , MTCR was focused on delivery systems such as long-range missiles that would carry weapon payloads . The Indian space programme , though meant for peaceful purposes , also suffered as a consequence . ISRO 's deal with Russia for purchase of cryogenic engines , for instance , ran aground after US objected to the sale as a violation of MTCR guidelines.One of the key outcomes of the Indo-US nuclear deal was that India would align itself to MTCR guidelines . Over the past six years , India has rejigged its export control guidelines to mirror MTCR requirements . NSG , it may be noted , also granted a special waiver for India as a consequence of the nuclear deal to be able to legitimately participate in nuclear trade despite its weapons programme.The next stage is the membership of these groups . NSG , MTCR , Wassenaar arrangement ( small arms ) and Australia Group ( chemical weapons ) together constitute what India has always called the ‘ technology denial regime'.With strong US assurance , further cemented during US President Barack Obama 's visit to India , South Block took the call to first move for membership of MTCR . For the past few years , India has been engaging these groups through outreach discussions .
Malaysia says will extradite suspect if necessary
KUALA LUMPUR , Malaysia ( AP ) — Malaysia said Tuesday a junior military official at its diplomatic mission in New Zealand returned home in disgrace using diplomatic immunity last month after being charged with sexual assault .
Foreign Minister Anifah Aman told reporters that a defense ministry panel will investigate Second Warrant Office Muhammad Rizalman bin Ismail , 38 , and `` stern action will be taken '' if he is found guilty . It was not immediately clear what punishment he faced under Malaysia 's military rules .
`` Diplomatic immunity is not a license for them to commit crime , '' he said .
Anifah said Muhammad Rizalman was working at the Malaysian High Commission , or embassy , in Wellington for the past one year as a defense staff assistant when he was detained on May 9 for allegedly following a 21-year-old woman home and assaulting her .
He was charged the next day with burglary and assault with the intent to rape , each of which carries a maximum prison sentence of 10 years . He returned home with his family on May 22 .
Anifah said the accused will be sent back to New Zealand `` if it is absolutely necessary . '' Asked to elaborate , Anifah said `` I will consider sending him back '' if New Zealand thinks that the Malaysian investigation is not being conducted properly and requests for his extradition .
He said that initially Malaysia was willing to waive diplomatic immunity so that he could be tried in New Zealand . `` But during discussions on May 12 , the New Zealand side offered an alternative for the accused to be brought back to Malaysia , '' he said . `` It was never our intention to treat the matter lightly . ''
However , New Zealand 's Prime Minister John Key earlier indicated that his government would have preferred to keep the man in New Zealand and try him . But Malaysia `` stopped us from doing that my invoking diplomatic immunity , '' he said .
The differing versions of the events could not be immediately reconciled , and Anifah said bilateral ties will not be hurt because Malaysia is cooperating closely with New Zealand .
He said the accused was sent for medical checkup after his return . `` His physical state is satisfactory . However he is now under psychiatric evaluation to assess his mental and emotional condition , '' said Anifah .
The defense ministry has established a board of inquiry to investigate the case thoroughly and has given an assurance that `` it will not compromise or conceal any facts on the case being fully aware that Malaysia 's good name is at stake , '' he said .
Although this is an isolated case the government views the issue seriously . `` The Malaysian government acknowledges that the incident is a serious matter and we do not have any intention to sweep the matter under the carpet . ''
__
Baltimore Ravens linebacker Terrell Suggs told ESPN Thursday he partially tore his Achilles tendon during a conditioning drill in Arizona but believes he can return by the middle of the 2012 season .
Suggs told ESPN 's Rachel Nichols in a telephone interview that he injured himself practicing the conditioning test the Ravens make their players take . He was working out at his old high school in Chandler , Ariz . He said he started and stopped and felt something turn , so he called his trainer to get an exam .
In an earlier text to ESPN , he said the injury happened Saturday .
He said he is not on crutches , but confirmed he is having surgery next week . In earlier texts to ESPN , Suggs said he will meet with the surgical specialist Tuesday and that he expects to recover from the injury in four to six months .
Although the general length of time to full activity following the surgery is four to six months , the average return to playing in an NFL game is 11 months , according to a study presented at the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons in 2006 .
Suggs , who turns 30 in October , said he has been stunned at reports that he will miss the season .
`` That 's just going to make it so much sweeter when I run out of that tunnel and prove everyone wrong , '' Suggs told Nichols .
He said the injury is the first major one in his career .
`` I 've never had a real bad injury before -- sometimes you have to go through something like this to make you better , '' he said .
MOSCOW — In careful phrasing befitting the spy he once was , Vladimir Putin has made it clear he expects a great deal from President-elect Donald Trump . And , the billionaire businessman may expect a transactional relationship with Putin .
Although the Kremlin clearly detested Hillary Clinton , Putin 's public statements on Trump 's victory steered clear of gloating . Other Russians were less fastidious , suggesting that Putin in private could be delighted — and perhaps harboring unreasonable expectations .
Advertisement :
Trump 's rise to the White House puts two men into seats of global power who are paradoxically both remarkably similar and wildly different .
Trump 's praise of the Russian president as a strong leader , his suggestion that the US could abandon its NATO commitments and his vehement complaints about allegedly biased news media all appear to parallel Putin 's view of the world .
Trump has repeatedly called for better relations with Russia , frequently musing about a rosy world in which Russia and the U.S. get along . On Wednesday , Putin did the same , hoping that the `` degraded '' relations between the two powers would improve once Trump takes over . Putin noted , however , that the tension `` is not our fault . ''
The U.S. government believes Putin might have interfered in the election that resulted in Trump 's victory . The intelligence community has concluded that Russia was responsible for hacking into the emails of the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and gave them to WikiLeaks , which released them . Some embarrassed and damaged the Clinton campaign .
Russia , it appears , wants Trump to play the overture , and only then decide whether to applaud .
Trump made no specific mention of Russia in his first post-election comments but made clear that he wants good relations with all nations .
Advertisement :
`` We will get along with all other nations willing to get along with us , '' Trump said . `` I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America 's interests first , we will deal fairly with everyone , with everyone — all people and all other nations . We will seek common ground , not hostility ; partnership , not conflict . ''
Putin would be most pleased if the U.S. dropped the sanctions imposed for Russia 's annexation of Crimea and its involvement in the continuing war in eastern Ukraine . That could appeal to Trump 's sense that he is the master of the deal .
`` I believe that Trump is a practical man ; he will lift sanctions on Russia that are harmful to U.S. business , '' Putin aide Sergei Glazyev told the state news agency ITAR Tass .
The U.S. sanctions have been a strong factor in Russia 's economic decline over the past two years , along with a plunge in prices for oil , its major export .
Advertisement :
`` I do n't see the U.S. dropping sanctions ahead of the Europeans ... and Europe does n't seem to be in any mood to drop sanctions any time soon , '' Chris Weafer , an analyst at the Moscow-based Macro-Advisory , argued in a written commentary . He noted that U.S. presidents , even with a cooperative Congress , have less capacity than the Russian president to unilaterally impose measures .
The outgoing Obama administration signaled on Wednesday that it was not considering any change in sanctions policy to Russia .
Even if there is no short-term tactical gain for Russia , Trump 's election appears to be a clear symbolic victory for the Kremlin in its resistance to pressure to establish Western-style democracy . Putin openly blamed Clinton as fomenting massive protests in Russia in 2011-2012 and Russian authorities generally bristled at the Democratic Party 's emphasis on human rights and media freedom .
Advertisement :
Dmitri Trenin , director of the Carnegie Moscow Center , agreed that Trump 's pragmatism is more to Putin 's taste .
`` Trump 's approach has a better chance of succeeding , and certainly an approach that is overly loaded with morals and values does not get you anywhere with the Kremlin , '' Trenin told The Associated Press .
The Nokia Lumia 620 is finally receiving the Lumia Black firmware update . The release has been rolling out to Windows Phones in supported regions for almost two months now , but Lumia 620 owners have had to wait in line . Thankfully , the wait is now over in certain markets , enabling consumers to enjoy features included in the update .
We 've received reports from readers that update notifications have been received , but we must urge patience as Lumia Black propagates through servers and whatnot . With Lumia Black installed , consumers are able to enjoy new features like Bluetooth 4.0 LE support and improved Glance screen functionality . Be sure to check Nokia 's support website for when you can expect to see the update pushed out in your region . We ca n't imagine it being long before Nokia opens up the floodgates .
If you 're wanting to manually check to see if you can upgrade , head into settings and check for updates . Once rocking the latest firmware , be sure to hop on over to the Lumia 620 forums . Let us know in the comments if you receive the update and where you 're located .
Thanks to everyone who tipped us !
British Prime Minister David Cameron , left , speaks with E.U . Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker in Brussels on Tuesday . ( Thierry Charlier/AFP via Getty Images )
BRUSSELS — European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker had a message for Britain on Tuesday . He delivered it in French .
With the impending British exit from the European Union , the polyglot Babel that has 24 official languages may soon strike English off the list , according to officials here , who note the change with a mixture of sadness and glee .
The European Union long conducted its business in French , even for decades after Britain and Ireland joined the bloc in 1973 . But as the alliance expanded into Scandinavia and Eastern Europe , the momentum moved ineluctably toward English , the second language of choice for a far wider number of European citizens , diplomats and leaders . English is the common tongue at summits such as the one taking place Tuesday , with the leaders of E.U . member nations descending on Brussels for a grim , English-speaking dinner with British Prime Minister David Cameron .
But if Britain pulls out , the European Union will lose the only nation that has designated English as its official language inside E.U . institutions . Each country is allowed to pick one tongue , and Ireland and Malta — the other two E.U . nations that are predominantly English-speaking — chose Gaelic and Maltese , respectively . But they are tiny compared with the juggernauts of France and Germany , which supply the other two “ unofficial ” working languages of the European Union .
“ Despite the vote , the British remain our friends , ” Juncker told the European Parliament in French on Tuesday , forcing many of the 751 legislators to put on headsets to hear a translation . “ As a result of the British vote , we 've lost something very important . ”
Britain 's anti-E.U . leader Nigel Farage and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker appeared to share a private joke June 28 , but later the UKIP leader delivered some inflammatory remarks to his fellow European Parliament MEPs . ( Reuters )
Juncker , a former prime minister of polyglot Luxembourg , typically speaks publicly in a succession of English , French and German , although English is his weakest language among the three . Other top E.U . leaders , including European Council President Donald Tusk , a former prime minister of Poland , confine their public comments to English .
Aides to Juncker said before his speech that the omission of English was a deliberate effort to send a message to Britain .
But others in Europe also were rooting for an end to English .
“ English can no longer be the third working language of the European Parliament , ” left-wing French politician and European Parliament member Jean-Luc Mélenchon wrote on Twitter .
L'anglais ne peut plus être la troisième langue de travail du parlement européen # Brexit — Jean-Luc Mélenchon ( @ JLMelenchon ) June 24 , 2016
“ English is our official language because it has been notified by the U.K. , ” Danuta Hübner , the chair of the Constitutional Affairs Committee of the European Parliament , said at a news conference on Monday . “ If we do n't have the U.K. , we do n't have English . ”
Official E.U . rules require that all official communications be translated into all 24 E.U . languages — a vast operation that the European Commission says makes it the largest employer of translators in the world . If English were to be struck from the list , that would leave Britain to muddle through the difference between `` adieu '' and `` au revoir '' on its own .
Read more :
E.U . leaders converge on Brussels for Brexit crisis talks
Why Iran was so quick to praise Brexit
Britain 's 850,000 Polish citizens face backlash after Brexit vote
GOP leader apologizes for 'junk people ' immigrant post
Former state legislator Mike Lawlor , a Democrat , posted on Facebook , a link to a Buzzfeed story about James Alex Fields Jr. , the alleged Nazi sympathizer from Ohio who was charged with driving his muscle car into a counterprotest in Virginia Saturday . less Former state legislator Mike Lawlor , a Democrat , posted on Facebook , a link to a Buzzfeed story about James Alex Fields Jr. , the alleged Nazi sympathizer from Ohio who was charged with driving his muscle car ... more Photo : Contributed Photo / Contributed Photo Photo : Contributed Photo / Contributed Photo Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close GOP leaders apologizes for 'junk people ' immigrant post 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
A state GOP leader says she 's sorry for a Facebook rant — posted in the wake of the deadly melee in Charlottesville , Va. , incited by white supremacists— referring to immigrants who commit crimes as “ junk people ” who “ deserve what they get . ”
“ As for xenophobia , what a bunch of crocks . I 'm tired for paying for every foreigner showing up , some of whom are here just to make trouble instead of settling and making something of themselves , ” Patricia Fers , a Republican State Central Committee member from Ansonia , posted early Sunday morning . “ Those junk people who wo n't support themselves and who do by crime deserve what they get . ”
Fers was responding to a Facebook post by Mike Lawlor , a Democrat who is Gov . Dannel P. Malloy 's criminal justice czar and is a former state legislator . Lawlor linked to a Buzzfeed story about James Alex Fields Jr. , the alleged Nazi sympathizer from Ohio who was charged with driving his muscle car into a counterprotest in Virginia Saturday , killing 32-year-old paralegal Heather Heyer and injuring scores of people .
“ Trump voters : you totally own this ... ” Lawlor posted .
Fers , an alternate Trump delegate to last year 's Republican National Convention and one of 72 members of the state party 's governing body , said she regretted the wording of the post .
“ That was a mistake , ” Fers said . “ It gets so emotional . I should have gone back and apologized for that . It was a typo . Nobody called me on it . I typed the wrong thing . I was typing it in the dark in the bedroom with a very small light . ”
Fers said Democrats are politicizing the violence in Charlottesville and are painting Trump 's supporters like herself , the daughter of a Ukrainian immigrant , with broad brush .
“ I feel sorry for the young lady who was murdered , ” Fers said . “ But for heaven 's sake , every riot that 's been around Trump Tower , Washington , all the bull ( — ) the day of the inauguration…that 's not the way this is meant to be and it 's not the way I was brought up . ”
Lawlor said there was only one way to interpret Fers ' comment .
“ I think people should see this , ” Lawlor said . “ These are statements coming from a party leader and public figure posted on public forum . The words are pretty clear . I do n't really know how they run that party over there . They nominated Donald Trump . I guess that speaks for itself . ”
State GOP Chairman J.R. Romano blasted Lawlor 's initial smear of Trump voters as “ scary . ”
“ I think it 's completely inappropriate for him to generalize an entire group of people that way , ” Romano said . “ I 'm not sitting here saying I agree with what Pat said , but you 're giving ( Lawlor ) a pass . Does Bernie Sanders own the nutjob that was trying to shoot up Republicans because , under that vein of thought , he does . ”
Not so fast
“ You never count your money when you 're sittin ' at the table . ”
Sage words from Kenny Rogers — especially if you 're counting on public financing for your 2018 campaign for governor .
A raft of candidates is scrambling to raise $ 250,000 in $ 100 increments or less to “ qualify ” for millions of dollars of funding under Connecticut 's clean-elections program .
But there 's a catch .
“ We ca n't accept applications until people are on the ballot , ” said Joshua Foley , a spokesman for the state Elections Enforcement Commission . “ So it 's next May at the earliest . ”
That 's when Republicans and Democrats hold their state party conventions , where candidates need the votes of at least 15 percent of the delegates to have their name placed on the primary ballot . Otherwise , there 's a petition mechanism that involves collecting signatures from 2 percent of registered party members .
So while getting to the $ 250,000 is a symbol of viability , it 's somewhat academic at the moment .
But do n't tell that to state Rep. Prasad Srinivasan , R-Glastonbury , who announced last week that he had raised the $ 250,000 for his gubernatorial bid .
“ This is a big step , but it is just the first step , ” Srinivasan said .
The grant amounts for next year still have n't been determined , but were $ 1.4 million for the primary and $ 6.5 million for the general election in the 2014 governor 's race .
Scarborough cameo in Trump ad
Donald Trump is still getting his fix of “ Morning Joe . ”
Because 2020 is right around the corner , the president released a new campaign ad Sunday — and Joe Scarborough plays a starring role .
Photos of the MSNBC personality and his fiancee co-host , Mika Brzezinski , appear in the 30-second spot for Trump , which accuses “ the media of attacking our president . ”
But will the commercial hasten Scarborough 's vowed exit from the GOP ?
The Linn County Board of Supervisors says it will honor the goals of the Paris climate agreement , even though President Donald Trump announced the United States will exit the agreement .
The supervisors voted unanimously Monday to approve a resolution to commit to energy efficiency , energy conservation , and sustainability .
Linn County Supervisor Stacey Walker says the board recognizes international cooperation is necessary in addressing a changing climate .
`` We are dismayed at the decision of President Trump to withdraw the United States from participating in the Paris climate agreement , though we are not defeated , '' Walker says . `` Leadership on the tough issues can originate at the local level . ''
Des Moines , Iowa City , Johnson County , and Fairfield have also joined the Are Still In campaign , along with more than a thousand local governments , universities , and businesses throughout the country .
Iowa Senate Minority Leader Rob Hogg of Cedar Rapids says he hopes this action moves Linn County to the forefront of communities , states , and countries uniting to address climate change .
`` It occurs to me that this action truly makes Linn County a destination for people across this country and around the world who want to help us build the prosperous and sustainable future that is in our grasp , '' Hogg says .
Representatives from Linn County , the state legislature , a climate change organization , and Quaker Oats expressed support for the resolution and the county 's sustainability efforts .
List Price : $ 33.45
You Save : $ 10.70 ( 32 % )
Click to enlarge
In stock :
Ships within 1 Business Day This 4 page Mexican Libertad Dansco album is for the silver one ounce dated from 1982 through 2020 . The cover reads `` Mexico Libertad 1982- '' , and the spine simply says `` Mexico Libertad '' Dansco Supreme Albums are truly the best albums ever designed . Made with extremely durable binders and pages , these albums do not discolor your coins like other albums can . This brand-new album holds your coins securely in place with ported holes covered by clear acetate slides . These slides allow you to view both sides of your coins but more importantly protect your coins . The 3/4 '' Slipcase ( slipcover ) is the correct size for this album .
You can add this slipcase to your order for $ 9.89 .
Story highlights Honey , olive oil and tea are great pantry products for your skin , dermatologist Doris Day says
Citrus and spices can irritate skin , the `` Forget the Facelift '' author says
Salt , sugar and baking soda are effective exfoliants , Day says
But whether you 're holistically-minded , frustrated with drugstore finds or having a beauty emergency , it 's not always wise to experiment on your face with that thing you saw on the Internet .
We wondered , should you ever put your skin and hair at the mercy of your kitchen pantry ?
`` For the most part I prefer drug store or department store or cosmeceutical products from your dermatologist because they 're actually tested on the skin and they go through certain quality control measures , '' said New York dermatologist Dr. Doris Day . `` But in a pinch , there are things you can use at home . ''
You just have to pick carefully and learn a little bit from the past . People have been using substances like olive oil , yogurt , vinegar , honey and aloe for skin care for ages , Day said , and now there are scientific studies that explain why they work .
We asked Day , who has a few DIY recipes of her own in her book , `` Forget the Facelift , '' to guide us through the `` dos and don'ts '' of homemade beauty treatments .
Think different
Here are some of Day 's favorite pantry beauty ingredients .
Honey
One of Day 's go-to products is honey . `` Honey is published widely in medical literature for its use on wounds and diabetic sores , '' she said . It is antiseptic and creates a barrier on wounds that 's breathable , like skin , she said . Honey also helps preserve homemade salves , so you can use them for more than one application . She includes honey in her recipes for acne treatment , eye de-puffing and exfoliating scrubs . It 's excellent for treating eczema , she said .
Aloe
Aloe , like honey , is great for treating wounds , Day said , and other skin irritations . It is anti-inflammatory , she said , so it 's great for the pain associated with burns and poison ivy . Just pop off a piece of an aloe house plant and rub it directly on your irritated skin , she said .
`` But it can sting when you first put it on the skin , so you have to be a little patient that way , '' she said .
Oils
Olive oil and coconut oil are Day 's favorites for home hydration . They are gentle on the skin , she said , and good for treating irritation . A little bit of these oils massaged gently around the eyes can help hydrate wrinkly skin under the eyes , but take care not to get it in your eyes , she said . Olive oil can even be used to effectively clean oily skin -- and is often used as a binder for sugar or salt scrubs .
For silky , shiny , smooth hair , Day recommends putting coconut oil in your hair , letting it soak in for a bit , then massaging in some shampoo before rinsing . If you shampoo after you 've got water on your oil-soaked hair , it will be greasy for days , she said .
Exfoliants
Salt and sugar are excellent exfoliants , Day said . Baking soda , as well , can be used as a fine-grained exfoliant , and may have antiseptic and brightening qualities as well , Day said . It 's simple to add salt , sugar or baking soda to any cleanser you already have and make it a scrub .
Dissolved epsom salts can also exfoliate the skin when used in high concentration . `` Epsom salts are an all-purpose type of thing , '' she said . `` Depending on the concentration , you can use it for everything from cleaning your furniture to get the calluses off your feet to help soothe your skin . '' It can help dry out a poison ivy rash if you use a small amount of Epsom salt in a bath , she said .
Tea
If you want to get antioxidants on your skin , use tea , rather than the often-suggested berries , Day said .
`` You can put blueberries on your face , but that will just stain your skin and probably you wo n't get enough of the blueberry 's antioxidant effect to make a difference , '' she said .
Steeped tea bags can effectively de-puff your eyes by themselves or strongly brewed tea can add antioxidant treatment to cucumber slices .
`` White tea has the highest levels of antioxidants and caffeine , so that would be my preferred one for the face , '' she said .
Yogurt
Some DIY facial treatment recipes use milk for wrinkle-banishing properties , but Day said it 's silly . Milk can actually spoil on your skin , and it 's not strong enough to deliver any lactic acid , she said .
`` It wo n't work , '' she said , `` and it 's expensive . ''
Instead , Day said , reach for the yogurt . In a mask , yogurt can deliver enough lactic acid to actually treat certain skin conditions .
Think twice
Here are some ingredients Days says to approach with caution , or consider other options .
Vinegar
Plain old white vinegar has historically been used as a deodorant , and it does stop body odor , Day said . But it has a major drawback : It stinks . `` It 's killing the yeast and certain bacteria , '' that can make you smell bad , she said , `` but then you smell like vinegar . '' Adding essential oil to vinegar helps , but does not eliminate the salad smell entirely , she said .
As for making your hair shiny -- another often-suggested use -- `` it might have an effect on the hair cuticle , closing it , '' she said , `` but I do n't know that I would use it in the hair . '' After all , coconut oil works better , she said .
Egg whites
Egg whites can provide a temporary tightening effect , a little relief for oily skin , Day said . But they come with a risk .
`` You have to be careful with the egg white mask because egg whites sometimes have salmonella , and if you end up ingesting it by accident , you can actually get salmonella , '' she said . `` So these days , unless you know the source of the eggs , I would be very careful with that one . ''
Spices
If a DIY facial scrub recipe calls for cinnamon , use it at your own risk , Day said . `` I think that would be irritating . You would n't get enough of a concentration of cinnamon and you can probably even get blisters , '' she said . `` It 's a spice . If you put pepper on your skin , you can burn your skin . ''
But your skin can benefit from spices in your food , she said . Turmeric is anti-inflammatory , she said , and she often suggests adding it to meals .
`` But it will stain your skin orange and you wo n't get enough absorption from using it on your skin to get the benefit , '' she said . `` Over-the-counter products that contain turmeric use turmeric extract , and those are better on the skin . ''
Citrus
Citrus fruits , like lemons , can irritate skin , Day said . So if you 're looking at a beauty recipe that calls for rubbing orange juice on your face or lemon wedges on your lips , stop reading . ( Lips do n't have oil glands , so they 're especially sensitive , '' Day said . )
`` Lemons have a chemical called psoralen , and the psoralen makes you exquisitely sensitive to light . It activates in about 10 to 15 minutes , and it takes about 24 hours to wear off . So if you do that , and go out in the sun , you can actually blister , '' Day said . `` I see it on people at the beach if they 're having a Corona or a margarita , '' she said . `` Because they squeeze the lemon and get a rash on the back of their hand . It 's the splatter pattern of how they squeezed the lemon , and the sunburn effect . ''
Hydrogen peroxide
Like lemons , peroxide is often suggested as a home remedy for lightening hair color . But Day warns against it .
`` It can bleach , but it can irritate , '' she said . `` Peroxide is toxic to skin cells . So if you have a wound and you keep putting hydrogen peroxide on it , it wo n't heal . '' Only use it on the first day of your injury to clean a cut or a wound , she advised .
By Robert Romano
Article 27 of the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) trade pact could be the beginnings of a Pacific Union — a governing body for implementing the trade agreement styled after the European Commission .
Entitled , “ Administrative and Institutional Provisions , ” it establishes the Trans-Pacific Partnership Commission that will have the power to promulgate rules pursuant to the agreement , implement those rules , and interpret those rules .
That is , legislative , executive , and judicial powers all wrapped into one unaccountable , multinational commission — with no separation of powers whatsoever .
Think that 's insane ?
The commission will be implementing the largest trade agreement in world history regulating about 40 percent of the global economy .
When it comes to amending the agreement or allowing other countries such as China to opt into the agreement , it is not very clear whether that will require votes of Congress .
As noted by Americans for Limited Government President Rick Manning in a statement last November , “ While the U.S. Trade Representative provided a chapter summary on its final provisions that it would take votes of Congress to amend the agreement and to allow other countries to dock into the agreement , the text of the agreement is not nearly so explicit , leaving significant concerns about how the trade agreement will function and whether U.S. representative democracy will be meaningful in its wake . ”
Manning added , “ A chapter summary is not the agreement itself . The danger of a runaway commission is too great for this to be ignored . ”
President Barack Obama has not yet signed the TPP , even though Congress approved consideration of it under Trade Act of 2015 . The law requires that Obama notify Congress at least 90 days prior to signing it , which he has indicated he will .
Meaning , Obama could be signing the agreement any day now .
After Obama signs the agreement , then he has 60 days to provide Congress with a list of required changes to U.S. law to implement the agreement . And , then Congress must consider the agreement on and up or down basis .
But the fact that it has not been signed yet , this late into Obama 's last year of office , could mean that Obama does not want the 60-day window to begin until we 're well into September — meaning Congress would not get to vote on the trade agreement until after the election .
The largest trade deal in world history may end up being approved by a lame duck Congress , composed of defeated and retiring members who are no longer accountable to voters .
In the meantime , both presumptive nominees of the major political parties , Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton , say they 're against TPP . Opposition to big trade deals that outsource Americans jobs and fail to address currency manipulation overseas has been a major theme in this election campaign .
A poll by Pat Caddell commissioned by Americans for Limited Government found that after being told what was in the agreement , Republicans opposed it 66 percent to 15 percent , Democrats oppose it 44 percent to 30 percent and Independents oppose it 52 percent to 19 percent .
In a cynical sense , then , it makes sense that Obama would seek to insulate members of Congress from the political fallout of an unpopular trade deal by scheduling the vote after the election .
But Obama also must consider the political consequences of signing the TPP on the eve of the election . If both candidates remain opposed , what is the political basis for proceeding ? Especially a trade agreement that will create an unelected , transnational commission regulating the world economy without any votes in Congress .
Democrats including Clinton might pay a heavy price in November if Obama tries to sneak TPP across the finish line in a lame duck session of Congress — all to the benefit of Trump . Something to consider as we inch closer to the election .
Robert Romano is the senior editor of Americans for Limited Government .
In 2008 , the RNC warned what would happen if Americans voted to elevate one of the least experienced presidential candidates in history to the Oval Office .
Like boarding a plane with a pilot who has never flown , we would be trusting the security of our nation to a man with no executive experience and a thin foreign policy resume . In the wake of crises , Americans would have to play the waiting game while we determined whether our commander in chief could perform on the world stage .
Enter President Obama 's recent handling of the Syrian Conflict : a batch of mixed messages to the American people and a Congressional sales pitch that convinced more people to vote against his proposal than in favor . Five years of on-the-job-training later , we have a president who cornered himself in what can only be described as a foreign policy debacle .
Worse , he had no plan and no experience on how to get out .
< > A day after Syria threatened retaliation and Vladimir Putin offered Obama an escape route , our President took the bait and handed a victory to Syria and Russia .
Time ‘ s Joe Klein writes :
He willingly jumped into a bear trap of his own creation . In the process , he has damaged his presidency and weakened the nation 's standing in the world . ”
It 's not just Republicans who are questioning his leadership . His performance is so haphazard , he disappointed even his most ardent supporters .
The Washington Post ‘ s Ruth Marcus writes :
In the past few weeks , I have encountered not a single person outside the White House , Republican or Democrat , who has kind words for Obama 's performance . Scornful may not be too strong a word for the consensus view , though it is scorn leavened , at least among the more thoughtful critics , with appreciation for the no-good-options reality of Syria . ”
His struggling poll numbers show he is n't winning over the American public either .
So where is the man who campaigned on building American credibility abroad ? Or does he agree with President Putin that American exceptionalism is too dangerous of an idea ?
Republicans expressed concerns years ago . Obama was n't ready to lead then , and his train wreck policies prove he is n't ready to lead now .
USC Overview
Head coach : Clay Helton ( year 3 * , 6–4 overall record )
2015 record : 8–6
Bowl result : Lost to Wisconsin in the Holiday Bowl , 23–21
5-year recruiting ranking : # 3 ( Source : Bill Connelly )
* Helton has won six games as the interim head coach for USC . Since being named the permanent head coach , he is 0–2 . 2016 is considered his first year as the full-time head coach .
Notable losses , offense : QB Cody Kessler , C Max Tuerk , FB Soma Vainuku
Cody Kessler ( round 3 , pick 93 , Browns ) is gone so the Trojans will be starting a new quarterback for the first time in three years . Kessler is the most efficient passer in USC history , completing 67.9 % of his passes .
Four-year starter Max Tuerk is off to the NFL ( round 3 , pick 66 , Chargers ) . Tuerk injured his knee in October which ended his season prematurely , but was otherwise a solid foundation to USC 's offensive line .
Vainuku was an underutilized but dependable fullback .
Notable losses , defense : OLB Su ' a Cravens , CB Kevon Seymour , DT Antwaun Woods , DT Delvon Simmons , DE Greg Townsend Jr .
Three-year starting linebacker/safety hybrid Su ' a Cravens was the Swiss army knife on defense . Cravens ( round 2 , pick 53 , Redskins ) always found a way to get into the opposing backfield .
Seymour was solid in coverage for the Trojans ( round 6 , pick 218 , Bills ) .
Woods , Simmons , and Townsend Jr. were the most experienced defensive lineman on the USC roster . They have all since graduated , leaving the Trojans with some huge question marks on the defensive line .
USC Offense
The 2016 Trojan offense has the potential to be the best offensive unit USC has fielded this decade and maybe since the '05 record-setting offense led by Leinart , Bush , and White . They wo n't meet that level , obviously , but this unit is loaded with experienced talent across the board and they finally have some much-needed depth at every position .
Redshirt junior Max Browne has waited patiently for three years to finally get his turn . Coach Helton named Browne the starter at the conclusion of fall camp , but that does n't mean that the mobile Sam Darnold wo n't potentially see the field .
Interesting tidbit from Clay Helton on the quarterback situation
Strengths : WR , RB , OL
2015 second team All-American receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster is on the Biletnikoff Award watch list . Darreus Rogers is a tall , lengthy man on the outside . Steven Mitchell is finally healthy and primed for a breakout season . Deontay Burnett is turning heads in camp .
JuJu Smith-Schuster stiff-arms Utah cornerback Dominique Hatfield
Senior Justin Davis and sophomore Ronald Jones II are co-starters at running back . Jones is a Heisman dark-horse after breaking the USC freshman rushing record in '15 , the record was previously held by Charles White .
The offensive line is the best it has been since Carroll was around as coach . LT Chad Wheeler and RT Zach Banner are the anchors .
Weaknesses : QB , TE
It 's hard to consider quarterback a weakness , as both Max Browne and Sam Darnold were highly-touted recruits coming out of high school while also showing flashes of brilliance during fall camp . Although , you ca n't be sure until they prove it on the field .
The Trojans hardly utilized their tight ends last season . Word out of camp is that will change this year . There 's a lot of skill , but , like quarterback , it 's a “ wait and see ” situation at the position .
Breakout candidate , offense : Steven Mitchell/Deontay Burnett
USC Defense
USC 's defense is revamped with the return of one-time defensive coordinator Clancy Pendergast . In his lone season as the defensive coordinator in 2013 , his defense ranked # 1 in the Pac-12 conference . He likes to run a 5–2 defense that utilizes single-gap assignments and pressure off the edges while using man-to-man coverage on the outside . The success of the defense will hinge on the abilities of an unproven defensive line .
Strengths : CB , LB
The cornerback group for the '16 Trojans is the best USC has had in a very long time . Adoree ' Jackson is a freak athlete and freshman All-American Iman Marshall is a shutdown corner .
The linebackers are led by freshman All-American Cameron Smith . The reincarnation of Clay Matthews is on the outside in the form of Porter Gustin .
Porter Gustin ( left ) with JJ Watt and S & C coach Ivan Lewis .
Weaknesses : DL , S
The defensive line is the biggest question mark coming into the season . The doom and gloom seems to be a bit overstated , as Utah graduate transfer Stevie Tu'ikolovatu is stepping up while converted offensive lineman Khaliel Rodgers and junior college transfer Josh Fatu should have a huge role in the two-deep rotation .
Safety has been a weak spot in recent years for USC but Pendergast 's specialty is defensive backs . They should see improvement .
Breakout candidate , defense : Porter Gustin
Game Narratives
Everyone loves a good story . Here are the top storylines coming into the game .
What comes around…
For the uninitiated , in 2010 , Lane Kiffin was hired as head coach of the USC football team after the departure of Pete Carroll . He was given the task of being the guy after the guy , y'know , following in the footsteps of a college football heavyweight .
Former USC head coach and current Alabama offensive coordinator , Lane Kiffin
After debilitating sanctions , depleted roster numbers , unreal expectations , and embarrassing losses , Kiffin was fired in October of 2013 .
Now , the story is different depending on who you ask . After the Arizona State game , in which USC got their doors blown off in The Desert by 21 points , Kiffin was fired by USC athletic director Pat Haden and allegedly left behind to whither away in the extreme Tempe desert environment . Others claim that Kiffin was actually kicked off the team bus in front of his disgruntled players and fellow coaches , forcing him to hitchhike back to Los Angeles with nothing but his visor and personal Denny 's menu — erh— I mean playsheet . Some say that he was dismissed by Haden on the tarmac at LAX… where he still haunts the terminals to this day . Spooky .
Look , the details do n't really matter . The fact is , Kiffin was embarrassed on the national stage and now , as the Alabama offensive coordinator , gets a chance to return the favor to his former team . Not only that , but Lane is going up against Clancy Pendergast , who was the defensive coordinator for Kiffin during the 2013 season . He 's been thinking about this for a long time .
Itchy trigger finger
USC head coach Clay Helton had his interim title removed after defeating a limping UCLA team to win the 2015 Pac-12 South division title . Since being named the permanent head coach , Helton is 0–2 . The Stanford Cardinal throttled USC in the Pac-12 championship game and an unranked Wisconsin squad held on to beat USC in the Holiday Bowl despite the best efforts of the referees to hand the game to the Trojans . An 0–3 start for Clay Helton seems likely . Did Pat Haden pull the trigger too soon ? How much patience will new athletic director Lynn Swann have with Helton ?
Additionally , only two other coaches have gone 0–3 to start their USC careers : Don Clark and John McKay . One flamed out in three seasons and the other went on to win four national championships .
Out of the frying pan…
USC will get no breaks this season as they have the toughest schedule in the nation according to ESPN 's Football Power Index . The Trojans open against ‘ Bama , have an early morning showdown with a solid Utah State squad at home the next week , then head to Palo Alto to play Stanford followed by a Friday night game against Utah in Salt Lake City… and that 's just September .
November is even worse . They start the month off with a visit from Oregon , play at Washington , at UCLA , then get a home date with rival Notre Dame . With all of the hype around the game on Sept. 3 in Arlington , if the Trojans lose badly , can Clay Helton keep the team together ?
Match-ups to watch
With two teams that recruit as well as USC and Alabama do , it 's hard to pick just a few match-ups to watch . There is simply too much talent for each team on both sides of the football . Here are a couple :
USC CBs Iman Marshall/Adoree ' Jackson vs. Calvin Ridley
Lane Kiffin loves to target “ his guy. ” From Robert Woods , to Marqise Lee , to Amari Cooper , Kiffin has always force-fed his favorite receiver . It 's now sophomore phenom Calvin Ridley , who posted 89 catches for 1,045 yards while scoring seven touchdowns as a freshman in 2015 .
The cornerback duo of Adoree ' Jackson and Iman Marshall are the studs in USC 's “ No Fly Zone. ” It will be interesting to see who shadows Ridley or if it will be a mix of both . Do-it-all Adoree ' Jackson is uber-talented but still incredibly raw at the position . After failing to qualify for the Rio Olympics , Jackson focused primarily on defense this past spring and during fall camp . He 's easily the fastest player on defense .
Iman Marshall is no slouch himself . He was a five-star recruit out of Long Beach Poly in 2015 . He is slower than Jackson but at six-feet-one-inch and 200 pounds , he 's certainly more physically imposing . Defensive coordinator Clancy Pendergast loves aggressive man-to-man coverage . Something 's got ta give , right ?
Advantage : Even
USC offensive line vs. Alabama defensive line
The 2015 Alabama defensive front was the best in the nation , leading the way for a stingy defense that notched 53 sacks last season . There 's talk this season that they will be even better . This group is led by Jonathan Allen , a six-foot-three-inch , 290 pound monster , who recorded 12 sacks last season . He 's a “ three technique ” defensive end for the Tide , who will likely be matching up against USC right guard Viane Talamaivao .
Jonathan Allen beating two blockers against Michigan State
The USC offensive line ai n't too bad themselves , though . They are ranked as the fourth best offensive line by Profootballfocus.com and considered by many college football experts to be one of the top groups in the country . It 's an experienced bunch , as they rank second in the nation in career starts , anchored by behemoth right tackle Zach Banner .
The other match-up to watch in the trenches is Zach Banner against Alabama linebacker/rush end Tim Williams , who was able to accumulate 10.5 sacks last season . Williams is a freak of a human being and someone that Tide fans are incredibly excited about this season . He was primarily used as a rusher on third downplays last season but is now stepping into the starting role .
Tim Williams — at the top of the screen — has a quick first step and great hands
On the other side , standing six-feet-nine-inches and weighing in at 370 pounds , getting by Banner is no easy feat . Zach Banner is a bulldozer when blocking for the run but is just as adept in pass-protection . Both Williams and Banner should be early-round draft picks in 2017 . ( The potential for this match-up is predicated upon the health of USC left tackle Chad Wheeler , who is dealing with plantar fasciitis . If Wheeler can not go , Banner would move to left tackle unless Chuma Edoga does * * ) .
Advantage : Alabama
* * It turns out that USC starting left tackle Chad Wheeler WILL NOT play . Sophomore guard Chuma Edoga is moving to left tackle , not Zach Banner . Edoga is a former five-star recruit in the '15 class . This will be his third career start .
Keys to the game
Alabama wins if :
The defense can get pressure on Max Browne with just four rushers . If Alabama is getting pressure without blitzing extra defenders , that means they 're dropping seven guys into coverage . Good luck beating ‘ Bama when they 're dictating how the game is being played . Additionally , Saban-led defenses typically feast on non-mobile quarterbacks . Browne is n't exactly an Ent , but he 's also not Vince Young . If the Tide get into the backfield , Browne is going to the turf . Cooper Bateman/Blake Barnett have zero turnovers . This is pretty straightforward : if you do n't turn the ball over , then you have more opportunities to score or to alter the field position in your favor . Nick Saban teams thrive on grind-it-out , mistake-free football . Can the first-year starter ( s ) play smart against an aggressive 5–2 defense from Pendergast ?
USC wins if :
Ronald Jones or Justin Davis rush for more than 100 yards . I 'll be honest , I probably have a better chance at winning the lottery than this occurring . Alabama defenses have allowed seven 100-yard rushers from FBS schools since 2008 . The next best in the SEC is LSU with 25 . If either of them rush for 100 yards ( hell , even if the team reaches that mark ) , then USC is getting a good push on the line of scrimmage and taking pressure off of Max Browne . Someone not named JuJu Smith-Schuster gets 5+ catches for 100 or more yards . Nick Saban does what Nick Saban wants , and if he wants to shut down USC 's star receiver , by golly he 's going to do it . That means another receiver or two is going to have to step up ( glares at Steven Mitchell and Deontay Burnett ) . USC is plus three in turnover margin . The few times that Alabama has been beat the past few seasons , they 've turned the ball over . If the Trojans want any chance at winning this game , the defense is going to have to step up and take advantage of the mistakes that the Alabama quarterbacks make . I would n't count on USC 's offense to drive the length of the field all night , they need some possessions in “ plus territory ” to win .
Shameless prediction
The USC football team is on their way back to college football relevance , but not just yet . The 2016 version of the Trojans should take leaps ahead in development and team cohesion , but Alabama is too much , too soon . Nick Saban and his teams thrive in these early-season games when opposing offenses are still ironing out the kinks that come with the first doses of “ live fire. ” Alabama will have their rough patches early on but by late in the third quarter they should take over . Expect the Tide defensive line to be making stops all night long . The Trojans should get some big plays here and there , but , in the end , Alabama fans will be singing “ Dixieland Delight ” well into the night . While it does n't win you football games , USC covers the Vegas spread .
Final Score : Alabama 27 , USC 21
Getty Images
Real Time Economics yesterday looked at Sarah Palin ‘ s remarks about monetary policy to a trade association conference . On Monday night , she responded on Facebook :
Ever since 2008 , people seem inordinately interested in my reading habits . Among various newspapers , magazines , and local Alaskan papers , I read the Wall Street Journal . So , imagine my dismay when I read an article by Sudeep Reddy in today 's Wall Street Journal criticizing the fact that I mentioned inflation in my comments about QE2 in a speech this morning before a trade-association . Here 's what I said : “ everyone who ever goes out shopping for groceries knows that prices have risen significantly over the past year or so . Pump priming would push them even higher. ” Mr. Reddy takes aim at this . He writes : “ Grocery prices have n't risen all that significantly , in fact. ” Really ? That 's odd , because just last Thursday , November 4 , I read an article in Mr. Reddy 's own Wall Street Journal titled “ Food Sellers Grit Teeth , Raise Prices : Packagers and Supermarkets Pressured to Pass Along Rising Costs , Even as Consumers Pinch Pennies. ” The article noted that “ an inflationary tide is beginning to ripple through America 's supermarkets and restaurants…Prices of staples including milk , beef , coffee , cocoa and sugar have risen sharply in recent months. ” Now I realize I 'm just a former governor and current housewife from Alaska , but even humble folks like me can read the newspaper . I 'm surprised a prestigious reporter for the Wall Street Journal does n't . – Sarah Palin
Sudeep Reddy responds :
Our post on Monday examined the assertion that grocery prices “ have risen significantly over the past year or so. ” That view is not supported by the facts .
A broad measure of food prices from the Labor Department shows prices rose at an average annual rate of less than 0.6 % in the first nine months of the year . September 's increase in food prices — 1.4 % for food and beverages at an annual rate — was low by historical standards . ( In fact , the lowest average annual inflation rate on record was 1.4 % , in 1992 . ) Commerce Department inflation data show a similarly slow year-over-year increase for food prices , 1.3 % .
While some items in the shopping cart have risen in price ( ground chuck beef is up 4.8 % ) and others have decreased ( bananas are down 5.3 % ) , overall food price inflation has been historically low for the past year . This is not surprising . Weak demand , high unemployment and thrifty shoppers have led retailers to keep many prices from rising despite the rising cost of some commodities , including coffee and sugar .
The Nov. 4 Wall Street Journal article noted , in its first sentence , “ the tamest year of food pricing in nearly two decades. ” It does indeed report that supermarkets and restaurants are facing cost pressures that could push their retail prices higher — but it has n't happened yet on a large scale . Critics of the Fed 's quantitative easing policy are focused primarily on concerns about potential future inflation .
AFTER EVERY GAME the criticism of Matt O'Connor 's Leinster grows louder . After the loss at the Stoop they were dumped on and it was probably even worse after they laboured to a one-point win over Harlequins at the Aviva on Saturday night .
There has been a fierce debate recently about Leinster winning ugly and whether that is good enough for a team that played some of the greatest club rugby of the professional era during Joe Schmidt 's tenure as coach in the recent past .
Matt O'Connor did n't endear himself to Leinster supporters when he recently said that results are what matter to him , but is the blue army judging the Australian by a slightly distorted view of the past ?
Nobody is going to come off well when compared to Schmidt but with some of the hero worship that goes on around him , you would swear that his Leinster team secured a try bonus point every time they took the field ( although it was n't from a lack of trying to be fair ) .
In fact , as Leinster manager Guy Easterby points out , Matt O'Connor 's first year in charge was better than Schmidt 's last , and in the current national coach 's final season , Leinster were every bit as poor in the European Cup as Leinster have been in this campaign – home and away losses to Clermont as well as two poor performances to start against Exeter and the Scarlets .
“ The really interesting thing is that last year we had a better season than we had the year before – we got out of our group last year and the previous year we ended up in the Amlin and we won the Pro12 in both seasons , ” Easterby said .
“ They [ the fans ] are an educated bunch , they understand the game and they are loyal , which is always important . I thought the people there on the weekend were fantastic . Of course there is an expectation from outside but there is also an expectation in here . ”
But while Leinster fans might be overly harsh on O'Connor at times , it does n't say much that the greatest defence you can muster for the Australian is , ‘ Hey , Leinster are just as bad this season as they were in Schmidt 's worst year ' .
There are plenty of legitimate gripes such as the regression of the attack to the extent that they rarely create try-scoring chances anymore , let alone score four in a game .
Devin Toner recognises that his side have not been at their best , and also that the fans not only expect wins , but also a certain brand of rugby to go with it .
Toner talked about the pressure on Leinster to live up to the expectations of the fans . Source : Ryan Byrne/INPHO
“ I do n't think we are performing to the best of our ability , ” Toner said .
“ We know the skill is there and we know we can do it . We still have a similar squad with similar players so I do n't think we have a lot to worry about because we know we can do it . The fans have been brilliant for us but I suppose they have got used to us winning and winning by a lot . It is kind of hard to live up to that but we will do our best in the next few games . ”
Toner 's point of having a similar squad to the one that reached Europe 's top table in swashbuckling fashion is accurate – but having a similar squad is n't having the same squad .
Johnny Sexton , the premier playmaker in Europe , has n't been there to create and neither has Isa Nacewa . Brian O'Driscoll slowed down considerably in his final season and Gordon D'Arcy is coming towards the end of his career .
With all that being the case , is it fair to expect the exact same kind of rugby that Leinster delivered in winning back-to-back Heineken Cups ?
Isaac Boss alluded to the changes when he spoke of all the ‘ variables ' that he says make it pointless to compare the current Leinster team with years past .
Boss says he does n't compare the different Leinster teams that he has been a part of . Source : Cathal Noonan/INPHO
“ We do n't look back at that at all , ” Boss said .
“ I 've been around long enough to know that you never compare teams . There are so many variables out there that it is ridiculous to try and compare . It is probably gathering a bit of legs but I do n't think it should be . We should focus on the now and not focus on the past . ”
Of course , Leinster fans would argue that were Matt O'Connor to pick Ian Madigan at out-half , it would go a long way to recreating the dynamic environment in the backline that created a multitude of great opportunities each game .
But as Easterby says , this is a results business and until O'Connor 's selection results in a terminal loss , he is unlikely to make wholesale changes .
With three consecutive inter-pros over Christmas , the ugly approach probably wo n't be enough to see Leinster climb the table .
“ It 's a results business but people pay money and are very entitled to their opinion , ” Easterby said .
“ It is an interesting debate . I do n't think anyone is pretending that we are playing as well as we 'd like to play but we are grinding out results and that is part of professional sports . ”
Sen. Pat Roberts ( R-Kan. ) speaks to a Kansas Republican Party rally , Wednesday , Aug. 6 , 2014 , at the party 's headquarters in Topeka , Kan. To his left is Lt. Gov . Jeff Colyer . ( AP Photo/John Hanna )
When Sen. Pat Roberts ( R-Kan. ) defeated a pesky tea party challenger earlier this month , it looked like the longtime senator extinguished the only real threat standing between him and a fourth term .
But with less than ten weeks until the election , Roberts , who endured a bruising primary , finds himself in an unexpectedly competitive race against a Democratic challenger and an independent who has emerged as a wild card . The close contest has presented Democrats with an intriguing , if delicate , opportunity to shift the race in their favor , and help themselves in the battle for the Senate majority .
Roberts 's Democratic challenger is Chad Taylor , a little-known Shawnee County district attorney who has waved off help from national Democrats , despite raising little money on his own . Independent candidate Greg Orman , a former Democrat who says he is open to aligning himself with either party in the Senate , has raised more money and has the potential to tap his personal wealth for further reinforcements . One recent automated survey from Democratic firm Public Policy Polling showed Orman leading Roberts in a head to head race . In a two-man race against Taylor , Roberts led .
“ I do n't see Taylor as being especially popular or capable of raising a fair amount of money , ” said University of Kansas political scientist Burdett Loomis .
Leroy Towns , Roberts 's campaign manager , put it this way : “ The senator likes to joke that he is one of the few that has two Democrats to put up with . ''
Therein lies the Democratic dilemma : Do they passively help Orman , as they did with now-Sen. Angus King ( I-Maine ) in 2012 -- or perhaps more aggressively encourage Taylor to end his campaign ? Or is neither option worth the risk , since Orman -- who also happens to be a former Republican -- could still caucus with GOP , if elected ?
So far , national Democrats have not tipped their hand . Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee spokesman Justin Barasky declined to comment when asked how the committee views the race . Taylor 's campaign says he 's received no encouragement from the DSCC to exit . The DSCC has not deployed paid staff to Kansas , or run paid media efforts in the race .
But residual damage from the Republican primary , and a growing sense that Roberts has lost touch with his constituents , have added urgency to their decision-making . The PPP poll found Roberts 's approval rating startlingly low for an incumbent , at 27 percent .
Democrats are defending a fragile majority that Republicans can seize by gaining six seats in November . There are about a dozen races that look to factor into the majority . If Kansas is added to that mix , it could change both parties ' math .
Despite winning his primary , Roberts ' campaign has been bumpy . He was dealt a blow in February when the New York Times reported that he pays rent to supporters to stay with them when he in Kansas , and is registered to vote at their address . That fueled attacks from tea party candidate Milton Wolf , who spent months arguing that Roberts had gone Washington .
Wolf , a flawed candidate who cracked jokes about X-ray images of graphic injuries on Facebook , was unable to topple Roberts . But observers say his attacks , and Roberts 's rightward lurches to avoid getting outflanked , have left the senator in a tenuous position headed toward November .
“ I think Milton Wolf did weaken him . I think he started out weaker than we gave him credit for , ” said Loomis .
Roberts 's campaign is not panicking . He still has a well-stocked war chest and the ability to raise a lot more money . Kansas , a very conservative state , has not sent a Democrat to the Senate since the 1930s .
Towns , Roberts 's campaign manager , attributes the close race to a crowded field .
“ I think it 's kind of a new phenomenon in a race where you have three candidates . That is sort of uncharted waters , '' he said .
Taylor had a paltry $ 1,673 in his campaign account in mid-July . Orman , who had nearly $ 363,000 , says the campaign is shaping up as a race between him and the senator . As of now , the anti-Roberts votes are likely to split between the two .
Orman , the founder of company that installs energy efficient lighting systems and the co-founder of an investment firm , entered the race in the summer . He briefly flirted with a run as a Democrat against Roberts last time the senator was up for re-election .
Campaign finance records show Orman has given to both Democrats and Republicans . He blames both parties for gridlock in Washington . He 's dubbed himself `` fiscally responsible and socially tolerant . '' And he wo n't reveal who he would caucus with -- other than to say he 'd likely side with the majority party .
If the majority were to come down to him ? He 's leaving his options open .
`` If I get elected , there 's a reasonable chance neither party has a majority in the U.S. Senate , '' he said . `` And if that 's the case , what I would do is sit down with both parties and have a real frank discussion about the agenda they want to follow . ''
In a telephone interview , Orman said he voted for Obama in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012 . But he did n't volunteer that information quickly .
`` Do you mind if I get back to you on that ? '' he initially told a reporter , adding that he was deciding `` whether you are entitled to the answer . ''
Taylor is preaching fiscal prudence and loyalty to the agriculture industry . He says he agrees with “ 60 to 65 percent ” of what Obama is doing , but opposes his views on domestic surveillance .
The Democrat says he has heard voters grouse for months that Roberts has lost touch with Kansas . “ A lot of people were talking about how he 's been there too long , how he 's not a Kansan anymore , ” said Taylor .
Determined to keep Washington Democrats at arm 's length , Taylor penned a letter to DSCC Chairman Micheal Bennet ( D-Colo. ) in June asking the committee not to help him . Taylor 's campaign says he is not been encouraged by the DSCC to end his campaign . And he 's shown no signs he 's ready to pack it in .
State elections officials say that a Senate nominee who wants off the ballot needs to inform the state by Sept. 3 that they are unable to serve .
Another option for Democrats is to quietly elevate Orman . Democrats successfully navigated similarly tricky terrain in the 2012 Maine Senate race . When King , a popular independent former governor , emerged as a clear frontrunner , the DSCC effectively ignored the Democratic nominee , clearing the way for King in a three-way race .
Even if Democrats do n't meddle , the race could remain in doubt into the fall , possibly leading Republican groups to have to spend money in a state they had n't initially factored into their budgets .
The Senate contest is unfolding alongside a closely watched governor 's race that both parties are competing hard to win . Gov . Sam Brownback ( R ) has faced a severe backlash from moderate Republicans who reject his tax cuts and slashes to education spending . State Rep. Paul Davis ( D ) has a real chance of winning , polls show .
With most of the Democratic Party energy in Kansas trained on Davis , it 's unclear how much ground support there will be for Taylor . Equally unclear is whether Orman can cobble together a large enough coalition of moderate Republicans and Democrats without a party apparatus behind him .
As if there are n't enough variables in the race for strategists to keep track of , there is one more : Libertarian Party candidate Randall Batson . He 's not expected to surpass single-digit support , but in a close race , he could matter .
Amid all the moving parts in the race , Orman is banking on a persistent national theme of the midterm campaign : widespread voter frustration with Washington .
`` Ultimately they know that if we keep sending Republicans and Democrats back to Washington , we are going to continue to get the results we 've been getting , '' he said .
Caribbean governments are sparring over the “ trash islands ” floating off their shores , huge mounds of waste that include everything from plastic bottles to bags of blood .
AFP reported that neighbors Honduras and Guatemala are dealing with the trash masses and , while there is some debate about who is the source of the garbage , it could come from a number of sources and is interfering with the local environment , washing up on the shores and killing animals like turtles when they eat the plastic pollution .
“ We have found fish , even turtles up to a meter wide , dead after ingesting these plastics , ” marine biologist Nancy Calix told AFP .
And more accumulates faster than it can be cleaned up or buried .
“ On Friday , we filled 20 dump trucks of 13 cubic meters ( 460 cubic feet ) each , and it made almost no difference , ” Ricardo Alvarado , mayor of the Honduran coastal town Omoa , told AFP . “ We are even finding bags holding blood ” from hospitals .
The Caribbean is not the only place choked with trash . On Henderson Island , an uninhabited and remote location in the South Pacific Ocean , litter buries the beach in a density that is “ the highest recorded anywhere in the world , ” according to a recent scientific study . Every square meter of beach had an average of a few hundred pieces of debris , with thousands more in the 10 centimeters of sand immediately below the surface .
That island is a UNESCO World Heritage site and a territory of the U.K. with no inhabitants , but ocean currents carry plastic to it .
Previous research has shown that humans are dumping between 4 million and 12 million tons of plastic into the world 's oceans every year , and the demand for plastic products has only been increasing .
Nothing is safe from our garbage , not even an uninhabited island , not even space — low-Earth orbit is full of space debris that has accumulated in just the several decades since we started journeying off our planet .
Video
LOS ANGELES — “ Have you ever worn a wig or done drag ? ” RuPaul Charles , the host of “ RuPaul 's Drag Race , ” asked me recently as he shopped for wigs on Hollywood Boulevard .
It struck me as more than a question – almost an invitation , or maybe a threat . The knot tightening in the pit of my stomach at the prospect of my appearing in drag suggested that what RuPaul had been telling me about his 35-year career was true : appearing publicly in drag was somewhat like treason in our hypermasculine , sex-obsessed society .
Not all of our interview was so deep , but a lot of it was . Perhaps most surprising was that while many Americans see the country marching inexorably toward greater equality for gays and lesbians , RuPaul does not . He said that while he might marry his partner of 19 years , “ just for business reasons , ” he could easily see the pendulum of acceptance swinging in the opposite direction . He said that had happened for other minorities after Sept. 11 , as fear took hold in American society .
In fact , he said , he was certain the pendulum would swing again .
The finale of the fifth season of “ RuPaul 's Drag Race ” is to be broadcast Monday night on Logo .
A former UFC heavyweight is being accused of kneeing his girlfriend in the head , dragging her by the hair , and threatening to kill her 10-year-old son , per a police report obtained Tuesday by MMA Fighting .
Cody East , who was released by the UFC in October , was arrested Dec. 18 on three felony charges : aggravated battery against a household member ( great bodily harm ) , aggravated assault against a household member , and false imprisonment . He has been released on $ 30,000 bond .
East 's girlfriend told Bernalillo County ( N.M. ) Sheriff deputies that she locked East out of their home after an argument that lasted all day because she feared he would hit her . East broke in through the window , cornered her in the bathroom , kicked her multiple time to both legs , kneed her in the head and slapped her in the chin , the alleged victim said . East also kicked a hole in the wall when he missed her , she said .
East then grabbed her by the hair and pulled her toward the front door , his girlfriend told police . He told her she was going to leave with him or he was going to kill her son , she said .
Police interviewed the alleged victim 's son and his account was consistent with her story , the report stated . The boy said he was in his room when he heard East say he was going to kill him and then ran to the back of the bedroom and hid in the closet until police arrived .
Before East could get into the bathroom , the alleged victim called 911 and Bernalillo County Sheriff officers responded to the scene . When they arrived , per the report , East and the alleged victim were in his truck leaving the home .
Police vehicles stopped the truck and observed East in the driver 's seat and the alleged victim in the passenger seat . The woman was “ crying and seemed like she was in a physical struggle , ” according to the account of officer Joshua Crawley . The alleged victim was also only wearing a tank top and underwear with a blanket covering her .
The couple 's next-door neighbor told police that after hearing banging and screaming in the home , she observed a male dragging a female out of the house by her arms “ while she was screaming and resisting ” and forced her into the truck .
East told cops that he and his girlfriend were just going out for coffee . He said he did not know why she was not wearing pants , socks or shoes . East said the two were in an argument and he broke back into the house after she locked him out , because it was his home . He said the hole in the bathroom wall was there before that day .
Per the report , East also told officers that he was unaware that his girlfriend was injured and if he “ had punched her ” deputies would know it .
“ When confronted about lying to deputies Cody stated nothing had happened , ” the report said .
The report also stated that the 911 operator said there was yelling in the background , the sign of a physical struggle with the caller screaming for help and a loud “ bang ” before the call was disconnected .
Bernalillo County District Attorney spokesperson Philip Sisneros told MMA Fighting that the case is “ open and currently under review. ” A decision will be made “ soon in terms of proceeding with prosecution , ” he said .
East , 28 , was sentenced to three years in prison on child abuse charges in 2008 . His probation was up in 2015 . The New Mexico native was also arrested on domestic violence charges in 2006 and 2010 , but prosecutors did not pursue those cases .
East ( 12-3 ) went 0-2 in the UFC and was cut after a second-round TKO loss to Curtis Blaydes on Oct. 1 . His past rap sheet drew criticism to the UFC when the promotion signed him last year , but the UFC told Bloody Elbow that it “ felt comfortable ” signing East after an independent investigation
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Brodo : The Thirst Baffler .
Brodo , a new food place in New York City , is selling people cups of broth en masse , made with chicken , turkey , or beef bones . It sort of makes sense as a health food , since people have been eating chicken soup to feel better for decades , but like Kim Jong-un , broth has mysteriously been acquiring magical properties over the years . Broth contains collagen and gelatin , both of which can strengthen hair and help skin age more slowly . Naturally , eating these things means that you automatically gain their health benefits , the same way you drink a cap of shampoo every morning in the shower .
As you have probably realized by now , any food that claims to cure all of your ailments is invariably full of shit . Drinking broth does have some health benefits , like recharging your body after a workout , but drinking collagen and gelatin does n't mean that it 'll automatically attach itself to your hair and work its magic ; the stomach will break it down and turn it into all-purpose amino acids , much like any other food ever . On top of that , many of the vitamins and minerals found in broth start to weaken when you heat it , which you will recognize as an essential step of cooking basically anything ever . Basically , broth has a couple good uses , but you should mainly be using it to make a pot roast taste better , instead of drinking a cup of it every afternoon at $ 4.50 a pop .
Independent
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Besides , even if there were health benefits , they 'd be negated by walking the streets of New York City .
If there 's any good thing to take from this entry , it 's that people are at least cooking their own food for once . Broth is pretty easy to make at home ; just throw some animal bones , vegetables , and herbs into water and wait around until it becomes delicious . It 's pretty cheap , too , since butchers do n't have much use for animal bones and will let them go for a pretty low price . Actually , we think we figured out why Brodo is selling broth ; charging $ 4.50 for food that 's comically easy and cheap to make is a pretty ingenious business model .
The ATF announced that they have recovered 13 firearms belonging to the Oregon college campus shooter and all were purchased legally .
Six were recovered at the scene of the mass murder at Umpqua Community College , while seven were found at 26-year-old Chris Harper Mercer 's home .
Salinas Nunes , assistant field agent in charge in the ATF 's Seattle division , said all of the guns were purchased in the past three years , some by the shooter and some by his family members .
Nunes said a flak jacket containing steel plates was also found at the scene . There were five extra magazines in the jacket .
Here 's What We Know About Shooter Who Targeted Christians at Oregon College
'It 's My Son 's Birthday ' : Hero Army Vet Took 5 Bullets Trying to Stop UCC Shooter
`` He 's been a little but up-and-down , which you expect with young players , '' Stars coach Lindy Ruff said . `` You really notice it when he 's skating and tonight I thought he skated better and got in on some good plays . ''
The 19-year-old Gurianov , the Stars ' first-round pick in the 2015 NHL Draft , had his strongest showing of the preseason Tuesday , putting three shots on goal and registering three hits .
`` I executed what I wanted , '' Gurianov said through translator Stan Tugolukov , Stars player relations coordinator . `` And the puck was in the net . ''
Gurianov scored in the fifth round of the shootout , beating Panthers goaltender James Reimer with a wrist shot .
Denis Gurianov scored the lone goal of the shootout and Antti Niemi made 27 saves and stopped all five shooters he faced in the shootout as the Dallas Stars defeated the Florida Panthers , 2-1 , at American Airlines Center Tuesday night .
Video : Ruff 's thoughts after shootout victory
Niemi played the entire game and was sharp in net for the Stars , coming up with several big stops .
`` I thought Antti was excellent . Had a great game for us , '' Ruff said . `` That second half he made six or seven real good saves for us . ''
Niemi faced only 5 shots in the first period , but he saw 23 over the second and third periods and overtime .
`` I felt good , '' Niemi said . `` Not too many saves in the first , but more in the second . Made some pretty good saves and felt pretty strong . ''
Perhaps his biggest save of the night came with 12.2 seconds left in overtime when he stopped a rebound chance by Panthers forward Jussi Jokinen to keep it a 1-1 game and get the Stars to the shootout .
`` Just tried to cover the bottom of the net and got a good reach there and was able to keep it out , '' Niemi said .
Video : Niemi on his shootout mindset
Patrick Eaves scored in regulation for the Stars , tallying on the power play with 5:08 left in the third period to tie the game 1-1 . Eaves shot from the right circle deflected off Florida forward Vincent Trocheck and past Reimer .
After a scoreless 40 minutes , which included the Stars killing off a lengthy Florida five-on three power play , the Panthers took a 1-0 lead early in the third when Paul Thompson scored on the rebound of a Greg McKegg shot off the rush .
The win pushed the Stars ' preseason record to 3-2-0 .
Jamie Benn looks sharp in first preseason game
Stars captain Jamie Benn played his first preseason game and played well . Benn sat out the first four preseason games as a precaution since he was coming off surgery for a core muscle injury in July .
`` I felt pretty good . It was fun to get back out there . I was excited to play , '' Benn said . `` I just tried to play my game out there and not think about how my body feels . Just tried to get right in it , right away . For the most part , I am pretty happy with how my body felt . ''
Benn played 19:36 , had one assist , four shots on goal , one hit , two takeaways and one blocked shot in the game .
`` I thought he was good for a first game , '' said Stars coach Lindy Ruff . `` He was in on some good opportunities , and he skated well . ''
Ruff said Benn probably wo n't play in Wednesday 's preseason game against Colorado but will suit up for Friday 's game against Los Angeles in Las Vegas .
Notes
* The Stars outshot the Panthers 35-28 and had a 71-61 edge in attempted shots .
* Brett Ritchie led the Stars with 6 shots on goal and 10 attempted shots . Stephen Johns was next with 8 attempted shots .
* The Stars were 1-5 on the power play and 3-3 on the penalty kill
* The Stars won 27 of 54 faceoffs ( 50 percent ) .
* Justin Dowling won 6 of 9 faceoffs ( 67 percent ) . Adam Cracknell won 7 of 12 ( 58 percent ) . Gemel Smith won 6 of 13 ( 46 percent ) . Radek Faksa won 5 of 16 ( 31 percent ) .
* John Klingberg led the Stars with 26:07 of ice time . Esa Lindell was next with 25:11 .
Stars Lineup
Jamie Benn - Radek Faksa - Patrick Eaves
Cole Ully - Justin Dowling - Denis Gurianov
Curtis McKenzie - Gemel Smith - Matej Stransky
Antoine Roussel - Adam Cracknell - Brett Ritchie
Johnny Oduya - Stephen Johns
Esa Lindell - John Klingberg
Patrik Nemeth - Jordie Benn
Antti Niemi
Maxime Lagace
OXFORD , Miss . -- Warren Norman rushed for 111 yards , including an 80-yard touchdown , as Vanderbilt beat Mississippi 28-14 for coach Robbie Caldwell 's first career victory on Saturday .
Vanderbilt ( 1-2 , 1-1 Southeastern Conference ) snapped a 10-game conference losing streak dating back to 2008 . The Commodores have beaten the Rebels four of the past six seasons .
It was Norman 's third career 100-yard rushing game , and his first against an SEC opponent . The Commodores did most of their damage on the ground , rushing for 227 yards .
Vanderbilt lived off big plays all afternoon . The Commodores scored their first three touchdowns on 35-yard touchdown run by Zac Stacy , a 21-yard interception return by Eddie Foster and the biggest of all -- Norman 's 80-yard touchdown run that gave them the lead for good .
Norman 's touchdown came at a critical juncture . Ole Miss ( 1-2 , 1-1 ) had just tied the scored at 14-14 when the 5-foot-10 , 195-pound sophomore scored on Vanderbilt 's first play from scrimmage , running untouched for the longest run of his career and the second-longest run in school history .
Larry Smith added a 15-yard touchdown run in the fourth quarter . He also completed 9 of 19 passes for 73 yards .
Caldwell , who replaced Bobby Johnson after he surprisingly stepped down in July , is the first Vanderbilt coach to win his road debut since 1975 .
While the Commodores were making the most of their opportunities , Ole Miss could n't avoid crucial mistakes . The Rebels dropped two touchdown passes , missed a field goal and lost a fumble in the fourth quarter that set up Vanderbilt 's final touchdown .
Quarterback Jeremiah Masoli completed 19 of 35 passes for 190 yards , but threw two interceptions . He rushed for 104 yards , including a 28-yard touchdown run . Korvic Neat scored the team 's first touchdown on a 4-yard run .
The Rebels lost despite outgaining the Commodores 385-300 . They completed only 5 of 18 third-down opportunities .
It 's been a rough start to coach Houston Nutt 's third season with the program . The Rebels won 18 games and two Cotton Bowls over the 2008 and 2009 seasons , but have started with two embarrassing home losses this season .
Ole Miss lost to Jacksonville State 49-48 in double overtime in the season opener . It was the first loss to a Football Championship Subdivision team in school history .
Iain is leaving the club with our thanks for his contribution . Cardiff City Football Club can announce the departure of Head of Recruitment , Iain Moody .
In the interim period , Alisher Apsalyamov has been appointed as Acting Head of Recruitment , focussing on gathering data on individual players . Ultimate recruitment decisions of course remain the domain of the manager and majority shareholder .
Tan Sri Vincent Tan , the Board and the staff at the club are fully committed to the future success of the team and hold a strong desire to compete in the best league in the world .
Tan Sri Vincent Tan said , “ I have every faith in Malky and his team to lead us through the challenges of the Premier League . I have supported him in the past and will do so in the future for many years to come .
“ I would say to all Cardiff City fans and everyone connected to the club , let us look forward to the future and remain united in our support of the team . ”
ENDS
I 've touched on this topic a few times . People from academia have a hard time understanding why I would deign to respond to some of the comments and messages that I receive that are obviously unfounded attacks on my credibility .
It 's hard for people to believe that the rather decorated professors that participated in the round table discussion of this blog on NPR , and various “ trolls ” from the bowels of other websites like Reddit who prefer to practice debunkery free from fear of rebuttal , can possibly exist in the same universe .
What happens when the twain do , in fact , meet ?
Well , when this Black professor dared to state that institutional racism exists in a college classroom , three white , male students repeatedly disrupted her classroom , and then filed a complaint , with the result that the professor was formally reprimanded .
Seattle High School Teacher Jon Greenberg was fired in 2012 for teaching about racism in his “ Citizenship and Social Justice ” class .
In fact , it was those very same Redditors who got this teacher in Japan fired for teaching about racism .
Too many people are underestimating the the relevance and viciousness of these people who are all-too-often dismissed as “ trolls ” . And when you dismiss that , you 're dismissing a threat to both truth in higher education and a threat to the lives and livelihoods of real people and educators out there right now trying to make a difference .
* These articles are meant to intentionally contrast how for white children and parents , “ The Talk ” about race and racism is seen as “ optional ” , and how for Black children and parents ( as well as other families of color ) , it is n't optional .
The results of a new Alzheimer 's drug trial are in , and it appears that researchers in the UK have found the first drug to slow the progression of the disease . According to data presented at the Alzheimer 's Association International Conference ( AAIC ) in Washington , DC this week , the new drug is no cure , but can cut the rate of progression by about a third .
`` This is the first evidence of something genuinely modifying the disease process , '' Eric Karran , director of research at Alzheimer 's Research UK , told Hannah Devlin at The Guardian . `` It 's a breakthrough in my mind . The history of medicine suggests that once you get through that door , you can explore further therapeutic opportunities much more aggressively . It makes us less helpless . ''
Called Solanezumab , the drug has been developed by American pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly , and the last we heard of it was back in 2012 , when an 18-month trial involving Alzheimer 's patients from 16 different countries appeared to fall flat , having failed to hit `` primary endpoints , both cognitive and functional '' .
But there was still potential there , with the data showing that patients with `` mild Alzheimer 's disease showed a statistically significant reduction in cognitive decline '' . Turns out that the 1,300 patients with mild Alzheimer 's who were taking Solanezumab throughout the trial actually declined 34 percent more slowly than those who were taking a placebo .
But the team still needed to prove that Solanezumab was in fact slowing down the progression of the disease , not just treating the symptoms by altering the patients ' mood or giving them heightened concentration so they could perform better in memory and cognitive function tests .
So the researchers asked these patients to continue taking the drug for another two years while the placebo group did the same . The results of that follow-up trial have just come in . `` Those in the first cohort to take the drug continued to have slower decline , '' Charlie Cooper reports for The Independent . `` If the drug were only affecting symptoms , the placebo group would have been expected to ‘ catch-up ' , but this was not the case , indicating that the drug is acting on the disease process , not just the symptoms . ''
According to Hannah Devlin at The Guardian , because the mild Alzheimer 's patients were yet to experience the worst symptoms of the disease , such as severe personality changes and loss of memory , the positive effects of Solanezumab would have been barely perceptible to patients or their families . `` But the wider implications of the results have been hailed as 'hugely significant ' because it is the first time any medicine has slowed the rate at which the disease damages the brain , '' she says .
The drug works by acting on amyloids - one of two types of brain lesions thought to drive the progression of Alzheimer 's disease . Amyloid sits between the neurons and forms dense clusters of beta-amyloid molecule - a sticky type of protein that clumps together into plaques . These plaques interfere with connections between brain cells , which appears to cause progressive memory loss and cognitive decline . Solanezumab finds these and dismantles them , causing them to slowly disintegrate away .
The team says that because positive effects were not seen in patients with severe Alzheimer 's disease - only those who were yet to experience the worst symptoms of the disease - the drug will probably only work if given very early on .
While we 're allowed to be excited by the results , we ca n't get carried away just yet , because the results do need to be replicated by an independent team . `` I am cautiously optimistic , from the perspective of the audience , they should be too , '' Richard Morris , a neuroscientist at the University of Edinburgh in the UK who was not involved in the study , told The Guardian . `` This is not a mouse study , it 's a people study . And that matters . ''
The Eli Lilly team is continuing their research , with the results of a third trial expected to be released some time in 2016 .
Lasith Malinga has missed Sri Lanka 's last two ODI series , against India and England © PA Photos
Sri Lanka 's premier one-day bowler Lasith Malinga will return to international cricket towards the tail-end of the seven-match ODI series in New Zealand in January 2015 . Malinga underwent surgery on a troubled left ankle in September and is currently recuperating . He missed Sri Lanka 's last two ODI series played against India and England .
`` Malinga is still recovering from surgery and everything is going well according to plan . He will return for the last two ODI games in New Zealand , '' assured Sri Lanka coach Marvan Atapattu .
Malinga , who has been named in Sri Lanka 's provisional World Cup squad of 30 , has 271 wickets from 177 ODIs . Without him Sri Lanka managed to beat England 5-2 at home after losing 0-5 to India .
Suranga Lakmal made up for Malinga 's absence with two telling spells in the final two ODIs against England .
`` The way he [ Lakmal ] bowled especially at Pallekele is what we all welcome . We all knew what he could bring into the side . In Malinga 's absence we needed that tight bowler and he has come and delivered straightaway , '' Atapattu said .
On his return to international cricket from an ankle injury Lakmal took a career-best 4 for 30 in Pallekele and followed it up with figures of 2 for 25 in Colombo .
`` It 's nothing like you having your settled combination . If Malinga and [ Nuwan ] Kulasekera can come back and bowl the way they have done in the past it will be fantastic , '' Atapattu said .
Kulasekara remains in contention for a place in the World Cup squad , on the back of his domestic performances , Atapattu said . Kulasekara had been an integral cog in Sri Lanka 's ODI attack since 2007 , but had encountered an extended lean patch this year , during which he claimed only two wickets in his nine recent outings .
He has been active in Sri Lanka 's Premier Limited Over tournament since , most recently taking 4 for 30 in the final against Sinhalese Sports Club . Kulasekara took 11 wickets in seven matches at an average of 22.45 all told , during that tournament .
`` Kulasekera is going through the club season at the moment and he is working through his action [ for ] inswingers and outswingers with the coaches in the academy , '' Atapattu said . `` We did n't want to rush him but give him plenty of confidence before he comes and plays .
`` His greatest strength is to move the ball at the pace that he bowls at : 120-130 . He lost a little of his natural swing in the latter part of the match he played against India lately . It was quickly identified by the bowler and he is doing some remedial work . ''
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
Ahmed Mohamed said `` they made me feel like I was n't human '' when he was arrested . ( Screenshot/Dallas News )
A US student who made a homemade clock and took it to school has been arrested after his teacher and police thought it was a bomb .
Ahmed Mohamed , 14 , is a teenage inventor who makes his own radios and repairs go karts .
He hoped to impress his engineering teachers at MacArthur High in Irving , Texas , with a homemade clock he took to school on Monday in his pencil case .
Instead , the school phoned the police and he was detained and questioned .
“ My hobby is to invent stuff… I made a clock and it was really easy , ” the student said .
He kept the clock in his bag but the alarm beeped in the middle of an English lesson .
“ She was like , it looks like a bomb . I told her ‘ it does n't look like a bomb to me , ' ” he told Dallas News .
“ I got arrested for a hoax bomb . An officer and the principal came and took me out and took me to a room with five officers which they interrogated me and went through my stuff and took my invention . ”
Irving police spokesman James McLennan said they have no reason to think the device was dangerous .
“ We have no information that he claimed it was a bomb . He kept maintaining it was a clock , but there was no broader explanation , ” a police spokesman said .
Asked to clarify , the spokesman told Dallas News : “ It could reasonably be mistaken as a device if left in a bathroom or under a car . The concern was , what was this thing built for ? Do we take him into custody ? ”
“ He just wants to invent good things for mankind . But because his name is Mohamed and because of September 11 , I think my son got mistreated , ” the student 's father , Mohamed Elhassan Mohamed said .
An English bulldog , the fourth most popular breed of 2016 , is shown at an American Kennel Club event in New York . ( Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images )
Among the most popular dog breeds in the United States are bulldogs and French bulldogs . In 2016 , the American Kennel Club announced this week , bulldogs were the fourth most registered breed , and Frenchies came in sixth . ( Labrador retrievers , as usual , topped the list . )
Bulldogs ' big eyes and large heads give them an endearing , almost babylike look that many people find irresistible . But their truncated snouts are also associated with a host of health problems that have caused growing alarm — and condemnation of breeding — among veterinarians , geneticists and animal welfare advocates . The outcry over short-nosed , or brachycephalic , dogs has been particularly pronounced in Britain , where the debate prompted the country 's Kennel Club to slightly revise its standards for bulldogs and other breeds .
Yet dogs are not the only pets that humans have bred to have increasingly flat faces . Cats , such as Persians , also have smushed visages that are the result of our matchmaking . More surprisingly , so do some rabbits .
[ Why breeding bulldogs is borderline inhumane ]
That 's right , rabbits . Take , for example , the Netherlands dwarf , an undeniably cute and very tiny bunny that one rabbit breeding website describes as “ a ball headset atop a ball body. ” This and other breeds such as the Lionhead — a maned animal that looks like no wild rabbit you 've ever seen hopping through a field — often suffer from dental problems , ear infections and overflowing tear ducts , according to three British animal welfare charities that are trying to draw attention to the medical woes of brachycephalic cats and rabbits .
To underscore their point , the groups Friday released photos that superimposed short-faced animals over the kind of faces nature might favor .
A flat-faced rabbit 's profile against a more “ natural ” rabbit . ( Rabbit Welfare Association and Fund )
The growing demand for flat-faced rabbits “ is disastrous , ” said Richard Saunders , the head veterinarian of the Rabbit Welfare Association and Fund , a British organization . “ Rabbits ' teeth grow continuously throughout their whole lives and must line up exactly to wear down evenly . The short face means the bottom jaw is longer than the top one … and the teeth do not line up . Teeth soon overgrow causing chronic pain , lacerated mouths , abscesses and in many cases death . ”
A flat-faced cat profile compared to a more “ natural ” cat face . ( Rabbit Welfare Association and Fund )
A spokeswoman for the American Veterinary Medical Association , Sharon Granskog , said in an email that “ dwarf and round-head , flat-faced breeds seem to be a growing trend , ” in the United States , but there 's no data on their prevalence . Malformations of the jaw and dental complications are common among short-nosed bunnies , she said , and brain lesions related to breeds with dome-shaped skulls are also an issue .
In this country , opposition to the breeding of baby-faced animals , even dogs , has gotten little traction . But there are signs of growing unease . The AVMA recently considered a new policy stating that pets “ should not be bred ” if they have “ inherited conditions such as brachycephalic syndrome , some joint diseases , bone deformation … heart and eye conditions , or poor temperament. ” An explanation of the proposed policy also mentioned “ flat-faced rabbits ” and their predisposition to dental disease due to skull shape .
That policy was opposed by some dog breeders ' groups , and the association ended up adopting a more anodyne policy that does n't mention brachycephaly or any disorder by name . Instead , it says the association supports research on inherited and genetic disorders , and encourages veterinarians to talk to breeders and pet owners about “ the responsibilities involved with breeding and selecting companion animals . ”
Read more :
This humble scientist , a ‘ national treasure , ' showed us how to understand birds
Washington Post employees rallied to save a crab . We named her Old Bae . Now we mourn .
You can train your cat to use the toilet . Just do n't expect it to flush .
This dog helped save a 3-year-old girl found naked and shivering in a ditch
Is n't this one of those things the left often characterizes as an awful thing to do ? Why are colleges let off the hook ?
The New York Times reports :
Endowments Boom as Colleges Bury Earnings Overseas
In 2006 , the endowments of Indiana University and Texas Christian University invested millions of dollars in a partnership , hoping to mint riches from oil , gas and coal .
The partnership was formed by the Houston-based Quintana Capital Group , whose principals include Donald L. Evans , an influential Texan and longtime supporter of former President George W. Bush . Little more than a year earlier , Mr. Evans had left his cabinet position as commerce secretary .
Though the group had an impressive Texas pedigree , presidential cachet and ambitions for operations in the United States , the new partnership was established in the Cayman Islands . The founders promised their university and nonprofit investors that the partnership would try to avoid federal taxes by exploiting a loophole called “ blocker corporations , ” which are typically established in tax havens around the world .
A trove of millions of leaked documents from a Bermuda-based law firm , Appleby , reflects some of the tax wizardry used by American colleges and universities . Schools have increasingly turned to secretive offshore investments , the files show , which let them swell their endowments with blocker corporations , and avoid scrutiny of ventures involving fossil fuels or other issues that could set off campus controversy .
Buoyed by lucrative tax breaks , college endowments have amassed more than $ 500 billion nationwide . The wealth is concentrated in a small group of schools , tilting toward private institutions like those in the Ivy League and other highly selective colleges . About 11 percent of higher-education institutions in the United States hold 74 percent of the money , according to an analysis in 2015 by the Congressional Research Service .
America 's big four wireless service providers are enthusiastic about the prospect of delivering data over unlicensed frequencies via LTE-U , but they 're playing their cards very close to their chests when it comes to specific plans .
LTE-U , which is a wireless protocol designed to let carriers use their LTE signals over the same unlicensed frequencies as Wi-Fi , is a controversial technology . Advocates , which include the wireless carriers , insist that coexistence features built into the standard will allow it to use the same airwaves as Wi-Fi without interference . Critics say that independent testing shows that LTE-U could drown out Wi-Fi signals when the two conflict .
+ PREVIOUSLY : LTE-U : A quick explainer + Qualcomm exec on LTE-U : We 're not trying to mess up your Wi-Fi +
VERIZON ON LTE-U
Rumored deployments of LTE-U have been pegged to this calendar year , but only Verizon was willing to state on the record that it is , in fact , planning to deploy LTE-U in 2016 . The company 's assistant vice president for federal regulatory affairs , Patrick Walsh , told Network World that Verizon was planning a limited trial deployment late this year .
“ The initial deployment will be very limited , the only product that we have right now is an in-building enterprise solution , ” he said , declining to say where that initial deployment might take place .
However , Walsh added , Verizon feels that the long-term promise of LTE-U technology is substantial , and that concerns about interference with existing Wi-Fi are groundless .
“ LTE is a better neighbor to Wi-Fi than Wi-Fi is to itself , ” he said . “ We see [ LTE ] as a great opportunity to help improve the overall mobile broadband experience for our customers by providing better coverage and faster download speeds . ”
It all boils down to a network that sucks or a network that does n't suck .
Sathya Atreyam , research manager , worldwide wireless network infrastructure , IDC
Verizon , along with AT & T and T-Mobile , is a member of the Evolve Coalition , an industry group advocating the benefits of LTE-U . ( Other members include Ericsson and Qualcomm , the companies most responsible for the development of the LTE-U standard . )
SPRINT SEES LTE-U OPPORTUNITY
Even though it 's not a member of the Evolve Coalition , Sprint echoed much of the party line when contacted , with corporate communications Senior Manager Adrienne Norton saying that LTE-U represents “ a great opportunity , ” and that it was “ complementary to our network strategy . ”
Still , Norton would not confirm or deny whether Sprint had plans to deploy LTE-U , and she came closest to acknowledging that opponents of the technology might have a point .
“ We see no reason to rush forward with LTE-U amid uncertainty and acrimony over basic technical facts , ” Norton said . “ Our technology teams are evaluating both LTE-U and LAA , and while the use of unlicensed spectrum is on Sprint 's long-term road map , our rich 2.5GHz spectrum position gives us the highest capacity network today and well into the future . ”
AT & T AND T-MOBILE STAY HUSH-HUSH
AT & T was also relatively unforthcoming . Global Media Relations Director Jim Greer said the company is evaluating unlicensed technology , and testing new wireless capabilities in its labs , but would n't directly confirm AT & T 's LTE-U plans , and declined to give a definitive answer as to whether AT & T believed LTE-U as currently constituted would interfere with Wi-Fi .
T-Mobile did not respond to requests for comment .
That 's not a big surprise , according to wireless expert Craig Mathias . Details about potential LTE-U deployments are competitively valuable , so it 's unlikely that the carriers would want to let them slip .
“ The carriers will not tip their hand until all of the cards are dealt , ” he said . “ And we 're still at least a year away from that . ”
Mathias ( who has written for Network World in the past ) also said that issues of interference have n't yet been resolved . It 's another factor delaying LTE-U deployments – whether the carriers admit it or not .
“ Can you imagine the negative press if LTE-U clobbers Wi-Fi ? ” he asked .
Moreover , IDC research manager Sathya Atreyam said the carriers may be less sanguine about LTE-U 's friendliness with Wi-Fi than they 're saying publicly . It 's a question of hanging on to subscribers , particularly for the current front-runners , Verizon and AT & T .
“ They do n't want this LTE-U vs. Wi-Fi debate to trigger more churn , ” he said . “ Because everything depends on the quality of experience – it all boils down to a network that sucks or a network that does n't suck . ”
Bigger and badder The escalation hypothesis posits that predator size has increased over time , leading to increased motility and defense in prey organisms . Although influential , the hypothesis has been difficult to test . Klompmaker et al . looked at predator drill holes in bivalve shells across 500 million years . Drill-hole size did increase , whereas prey size remained relatively constant . This changing predator-prey size ratio suggests that the number of prey consumed likely increased , a factor facilitated by greater complexity of food webs and availability of nutrient-dense prey . Science , this issue p. 1178
Abstract The escalation hypothesis posits that predation by increasingly powerful and metabolically active carnivores has been a major driver of metazoan evolution . We test a key tenet of this hypothesis by analyzing predatory drill holes in fossil marine shells , which provide a ~500-million-year record of individual predator-prey interactions . We show that drill-hole size is a robust predictor of body size among modern drilling predators and that drill-hole size ( and thus inferred predator size and power ) rose substantially from the Ordovician to the Quaternary period , whereas the size of drilled prey remained stable . Together , these trends indicate a directional increase in predator-prey size ratios . We hypothesize that increasing predator-prey size ratios reflect increases in prey abundance , prey nutrient content , and predation among predators .
Predators play a major role in structuring present-day ecosystems ( 1 ) and are thought to have played an important role in critical evolutionary transitions such as the origin of eukaryotes ( 2 ) and the Cambrian explosion of skeletonized animals ( 3 ) . The escalation hypothesis ( 4 , 5 ) postulates that top-down pressure from increasingly powerful and metabolically active predators has driven evolutionary trends toward increased motility , burrowing , and defensive armor in many prey lineages . This highly influential hypothesis has proven challenging to evaluate , partly because of the difficulty of reconstructing ancient trophic interactions . Long-term trends in energetically important aspects of trophic structure such as predator size and predator-prey size ratios ( 1 , 6 ) remain largely unknown .
We used the fossil record of drill holes in marine shells to reconstruct Phanerozoic trends in the sizes of drilling predators , drilled prey , and predator-prey size ratios . Drill holes , produced by a variety of extant and extinct carnivorous groups , primarily gastropods ( table S1 ) , provide a direct record of individual predator-prey interactions . These trace fossils are abundant and widespread in the geological record , occurring in a wide variety of prey taxa from ~750 million years ago to present ( 7 , 8 ) .
To evaluate the relationship between predator body size and drill-hole size across drilling clades , we compiled 556 paired measurements of predator sizes and the outer diameter of the drill holes they produced . The compilation includes 14 extant families of drilling predators representing five phyla : Mollusca , Cercozoa , Arthropoda , Foraminifera , and Nematoda ( table S1 ) . Driller shell size and drill-hole diameter are strongly positively correlated ( Fig . 1 ) , and this relationship is insensitive to the choice of size metric , data filter , or regression model ( figs . S1 to S5 ) . Drill-hole size is thus a robust predictor of predator body size regardless of phylogenetic identity .
Fig . 1 Log 10 -scaled outer drill-hole diameter versus shell length for modern drilling clades . Reduced major axis regression line supplemented by 95 % bootstrapped confidence intervals and bootstrapped r values in histogram ( both 1000 iterations ) . Driller family names are shown with sample sizes . Nematod family is not known . Circles , Gastropoda ; diamond , Nematoda ; triangle , Foraminifera ; squares , Cercozoa ; inverted triangle , Arthropoda . Log 10 slope = 0.94 ; intercept = –1.09 .
We examined Phanerozoic trends in drill-hole size , prey size , and predator-prey size ratios using data compiled from 6943 drilled specimens representing 362 marine taxon occurrences . This data set focuses on mollusk and brachiopod prey because these taxa numerically dominate the marine fossil record ( 9 ) and represent the primary source of paleontological data on drilling predation ( 10 ) . The median size of drilled prey shells shows no Phanerozoic trend and is best explained by a stasis model ( Fig . 2A and table S2 ) ( 11 ) . In contrast , the median drill-hole diameter increased from 0.35 to 3.25 mm from the Ordovician to the Quaternary ( Fig . 2B ) , with a trajectory best fit by an unbiased random walk model ( Fig . 2B and table S3 ) , suggesting that predator body size increased through time . Predator-prey size ratios , as estimated by the ratio of drill-hole size to drilled shell size , show a 67-fold increase from the Ordovician to the Quaternary period that is best fit by a directional trend model ( Fig . 2C and table S4 ) . A directional trend remains the best-fit model when considering other size metrics , taxonomic and ecological subsets of the data , or more complex models ( tables S5 to S20 ) . Ranges of drill-hole and prey sizes show no significant change through time ( figs . S6 to S9 ) , reinforcing the conlusion that the increase in predator-prey size ratio reflects a directional trend rather than an increase in variance . An increase in predator-prey size ratios is also supported by independent evidence that hypothesized early Phanerozoic drillers were significantly smaller than late Phanerozoic drillers ( fig . S10 and tables S21 and S22 ) . Although increasing predator size is the major component of the increase in predator-prey size ratios , there is also evidence of a shift in predator size selectivity : Similar-sized predators attacked relatively smaller prey in the Cenozoic than in the Paleozoic ( fig . S11 ) .
Fig . 2 Log 10 -scaled boxplots of prey size , predator size , and the predator-prey size ratio in Phanerozoic brachiopods and mollusks . ( A ) Prey size ( shell area ) . ( B ) Predator size ( drill-hole diameter ) . ( C ) Predator-prey size ratio ( = proportional to the percentage of shell area drilled ) . Boxplot widths are ( where n ranges from 13 to 54 per boxplot ) . ( Inset ) Support for three evolutionary models . The strict stasis model receives no support in any case . Geological periods : Є , Cambrian ; O , Ordovician ; S , Silurian ; D , Devonian ; C , Carboniferous ; P , Permian ; T , Triassic ; J , Jurassic ; K , Cretaceous ; Pg , Paleogene ; Ng , Neogene ; Q , Quaternary .
Temporal trends in the geographic and environmental distribution of drilled shells are unlikely to explain the rise in predator-prey size ratios . Although continental landmasses drifted to higher latitudes throughout the Phanerozoic ( 12 ) , there is no significant difference in median predator-prey size ratio between tropical and extratropical settings in the Cenozoic ( fig . S12 ) or in modern marine ecosystems ( 1 ) . There is also no significant difference in median predator-prey size ratio between lithified and unlithified sediments in the Cenozoic ( fig . S13 ) , ruling out lithification as an explanation for the trend . Paleozoic data are dominated by brachiopods and post-Paleozoic data by mollusks , raising the concern that our analysis may conflate temporal trends and taxonomic mixing effects , an issue that could be exacerbated by preferential dissolution of aragonitic mollusks ( 13 ) . However , brachiopods and mollusks do not exhibit significant differences in predator-prey size ratio when both occur in the same collection ( figs . S14 to S16 ) . Moreover , permutations that preserve the taxonomic and temporal structure of prey occurrences and sizes but randomize drill-hole sizes within brachiopods , gastropods , and bivalves overwhelmingly produce trajectories best fit by a stasis model rather than a directional trend ( fig . S17 ) .
Because we use a broad definition of predators that includes macroparasites ( 14 ) and because modern drilling parasites are smaller relative to their hosts than predatory drillers are relative to their prey ( fig . S18 ) , a temporal rise in the proportion of strictly predatory drillers could produce an apparent increase in predator-prey size ratios . However , a predatory origin is likely for the majority of Paleozoic drill holes because parasitic gastropod drillers do not consistently co-occur with drilled prey ( 14 , 15 ) , and attachment scars [ often associated with parasitic drilling ( 16 , 17 ) ] are not observed in even well-preserved Paleozoic prey ( 15 , 18 ) . Last , the trajectory of predator-prey size ratios remains best fit by a directional trend model even when restricting the data set to strictly predatory drill holes ( figs . S19 and S20 and table S14 ) .
Our data provide direct evidence supporting a critical tenet of the escalation hypothesis : Drilling predators have become larger , and thus more powerful ( 10 ) , throughout the Phanerozoic . Escalatory prey responses may include enhanced mobility or infaunalization , increase in defensive armor , or body size increase ( 4 , 5 ) . No increase in prey body size is apparent either in our data ( Fig . 2A ) or in broader compilations of body size data ( 19 ) , but the observed shifts toward more mobile and infaunal prey ( figs . S21 and S22 ) are consistent with predator-driven evolution . Diversification of the relatively large infaunal naticid gastropod drillers since the Cretaceous may represent an example of a coevolutionary response to Mesozoic infaunalization of prey ( 20 ) but can also be interpreted as an escalatory escape strategy of naticids from their own epifaunal predators .
Predator-prey size ratios are not strongly influenced by environmental factors in modern marine ecosystems ( 1 ) , and the Phanerozoic trajectory of predator-prey size ratios also does not correlate with environmental trends that influence metabolic scope , such as temperature and oxygen concentration ( 21 , 22 ) . Instead , we hypothesize that dramatic changes in the energetic structure of marine ecosystems throughout the Phanerozoic ( 23 , 24 ) are the main drivers of the increasing predator-prey size ratios . Per-shell soft-tissue mass and nutritional content have increased as the ratio of mollusks to brachiopods has risen ( fig . S14 ) ( 25–27 ) because brachiopods contain comparatively less soft tissue , have a lower tissue density , and have a higher inorganic tissue content than mollusks ( 28 ) . The temporal shift in dominant prey type may thus account for the observation that similar-sized drillers selected increasingly smaller prey through time ( fig . S11 ) : Small molluscan prey in the Cenozoic may have been at least as nutritious as relatively larger Paleozoic brachiopods . Evidence for a transition in prey preference is provided by higher drilling frequencies on mollusks relative to co-occurring brachiopods since the Permian ( 29–31 ) and by experiments showing that predators prefer mollusks to brachiopods but feed on brachiopods once mollusks have been consumed ( 32 ) . The overall abundance of prey animals at lower trophic levels also likely rose throughout the Phanerozoic , as suggested by increases in the proportional diversity of predators ( 33 ) , the frequency and thickness of shell beds ( 34 ) , and the inferred population density of benthic invertebrates ( 35 ) . Eco-evolutionary models suggest that increases in predator-prey size ratio can be driven by both elevated prey abundance and by intensification of predation among predators ( 36 ) . Predation among predators is likely to have risen throughout the Phanerozoic as ecosystems became increasingly dominated by active predators ( 33 ) , an inference supported by increasing frequencies of confamilial predatory drill holes in the Meso-Cenozoic ( 37 ) . The sustained increases in predator size and predator-prey size ratios throughout the Phanerozoic highlight the importance of biotic interactions , including the driving roles of both bottom-up and top-down processes on the evolving structure of marine ecosystems .
SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIALS www.sciencemag.org/content/356/6343/1178/suppl/DC1 Materials and Methods Figs . S1 to S22 Tables S1 to S22 References ( 38–109 )
In the main building at Asilomar Conference Grounds on the Monterey Peninsula , an extended family plays a board game in front of an enormous stone fireplace . The quiet crackle of the fire and the sharp , rhythmic clicks coming from the pool tables on the other side of the room underlie the low conversations of hotel guests . Big glass windows dominate the redwood walls , framing views of the rolling , pine tree–dotted landscape . Twenty-eight feet overhead , an exposed redwood ceiling and trusses provide a reassuring sense of enclosure . It would be hard to feel anxious or uncomfortable in this building , known as Phoebe Apperson Hearst Social Hall .
Morgan 's design for the Social Hall was built in 1913 as part of Asilomar , a YWCA conference camp . Her reputation as a go-to architect was already secure , thanks to her Mills College bell tower and library in Oakland , which stayed intact through the devastating San Francisco earthquake of 1906 . “ When both buildings survived , it catapulted Julia Morgan into the upper echelon of Bay Area architects , ” says Karen Fiene , the campus architect at Mills . Even before that , Morgan 's work had attracted the attention of philanthropist and Social Hall namesake Phoebe Apperson Hearst , who hired Morgan to remodel her estate in Pleasanton , California .
Hearst also recommended Morgan to the YWCA , which would remain an important client for the rest of her career . She designed at least 30 YWCA buildings , mostly in California , but Asilomar is the crown jewel . The 107-acre beachside site is now one of the highest-grossing parks in the California state parks system . ( Hearst Castle is the highest . ) Eleven of Asilomar 's 60 current structures were created by Morgan between 1913 and 1928 , and each one seems like a handmade piece of furniture .
They 're not complicated , mind you—on the surface , they could n't be more different from lavish Hearst Castle . Built in the simple Arts & Crafts style out of redwood and stone , they defer to their natural backdrop of coastal splendor , just over the hill from world-famous Pebble Beach . But Morgan used the same basic principles in all of her work , some derived from her rigorous Beaux-Arts training and some just from her own convictions . She designed around a natural landscape , leaving trees in place when possible and letting views help determine building placement . At Asilomar , the shingled Stuck-up Inn ( housing for a group of college students who worked at the camp over the summer and called themselves “ The Stuck-ups ” ) wraps around a courtyard shaded by the canopies of three coast live oak trees . A few minutes ' walk away is the Chapel , where the entire west wall opens up to take in the dunes outside and the soft roar of the ocean beyond .
“ The brilliance of Julia Morgan is that the buildings feel natural and fitting with the environment , ” says Lada Kocherovsky of Page & Turnbull , which along with its work on the Neptune Pool also restored the Social Hall at Asilomar in 2012 . “ She maintained the energy and serene character of the site . The landscape feels untouched . ”
In 1956 , Asilomar , including its buildings and its beach , was declared a unit of the state parks system . A master plan by the architect John Carl Warnecke , who also designed John F. Kennedy 's gravesite , has helped the place retain its fragile tranquility , even with the addition of other buildings . With 312 hotel rooms and several large meeting spaces , it 's a popular spot for travelers , corporate retreats , and conferences . When you check in , you receive a map highlighting the Morgan buildings , which were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 . A century after she first began designing there , Julia Morgan 's work still resonates .
Looking to dazzle friends and family at the next summer barbecue ? Well , drop this little fact on them : global interest rates are at their lowest in 5,000 years .
Not only that , you can tell the acquaintance who brags about his gold bars in the bank vault that returns on commodities are the worst since 1933 . Sounds crazy you may say , but that 's just the kind of history Bank of America Merrill Lynch rolled out in the third edition of “ Longest Pictures ” note .
The assembly of more than 100 charts illustrates the long-term history of returns , volatility , valuation and ownership of financial assets . Pushing aside the mindblowers listed above , they also found corporate bond returns have never been higher going all the way back to 1915 .
The first chart shows the lowest global interest rates going all the way back to 3,000 B.C . Michael Hartnett , chief investment strategist , and his team at Bank of America Merrill Lynch , say that 's down to a combination of quantitative easing , zero interest-rate policies and negative interest-rate policies . That means borrowing costs are lower than what was on offer at the time of the Pharaohs of the First Dynasty of Egypt ( 3,000 B.C . ) to Napoleon through to Alexander Hamilton and right up to those living through the crash of 1929 :
The same chart made the rounds last summer courtesy of Hartnett 's team , but remains relevant as investors stare at a growing pool of subzero bond yields and continued ultralow interest rates . On Tuesday , the yield on Germany 's benchmark 10-year government bond jointed the negative-yield club .
See : 10-year German bond yield finally turns negative . What 's next ?
Another dazzler is this one , which shows just how slow global growth has remained :
The next chart shows how U.S. bond yields are at their lowest since World War II , and Bank of America says today 's deflationary expansion means the “ greatest bull market in bonds ” rages on .
“ From an all-time peak of 15.8 % in Sept. '80 , the US 10-year Treasury yield TMUBMUSD10Y , -0.27 % fell to 1.45 % in 2012 , the lowest since 1945 , ” said the bank , noting that they 've stayed stubbornly low in the U.S. over the past four years .
Here 's the one that may both irk and encourage your commodity-hugging pals . “ The collapse in the rolling return from commodities to the lowest level since 1939 similarly * indicative of asset * class that has been a ‘ deflation loser ' , “ said Hartnett and the gang , who refer to commodities , banks , value stocks and cash as “ today 's humiliated asset classes , the new secular contrarian ‘ longs . ' ”
The long-term case for those commodities requires a catalyst and in 2009 that was QE , BAML said .
“ …654 rate cuts since Lehman [ Brothers 's ] bankruptcy… $ 12.3 trillion of purchases of financial assets by global central banks…central bank balance sheets expanding to $ 23.4 trillion ( i.e . gross domestic product of US and Japan ) … $ 9.9 trillion of global bonds are currently yielding less than zero . ”
Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day . Subscribe to MarketWatch 's free Need to Know newsletter . Sign up here .
When American musician Scott Murphy first came to Japan in 2001 , he could only say a few phrases in Japanese .
“ I learned how to say little things on stage , like みんな、楽しんでる？ ( Minna tanoshinderu , ‘ Are you guys all having a good time ? ' ) ” he says . “ When you say it on stage the kids just go crazy . So I thought , the next time we come I want to be able to speak a little more Japanese . ”
The singer and bassist has come a long way since . While he relocated to Japan permanently in 2014 , in the last decade the Chicago native has released a number of successful albums of both covers and original music in Japanese . Known for being part of American pop punk outfit Allister and the only non-Japanese member in Japanese rock quartet Monoeyes , he is also one half of the duo Scott & Rivers , a collaboration project between himself and Rivers Cuomo , singer and guitarist of U.S. rock band Weezer .
Murphy first came to Japan while on tour with Allister . During the tour , he received a package of Japanese CDs , that included albums by artists like Spitz and Chara . They immediately sparked a life-changing interest in Japanese music .
“ I went home and listened to them and just the melodies were so great , ” he says . “ And the sound of Japanese over the music felt so refreshing and like nothing I had heard before . The melodies were せつない ( setsunai , heartrending ) . ”
Quickly becoming engrossed in the language , he began to study it on his own during downtime on tours . After meeting and befriending the members of the band Ellegarden at the South By Southwest music festival in Austin , Texas , Allister was invited to tour Japan . Seeing an opportunity to release material in Japanese , Murphy and his band recorded the EP “ Guilty Pleasures , ” which featured covers of J-pop staples . The album was an unexpected success . When Allister went on hiatus , Murphy started a solo career , releasing more J-pop covers . As word spread of Murphy 's pop-punk interpretations of some of J-pop 's greatest hits , Weezer 's Rivers Cuomo came calling .
“ He saw me on TV singing in Japanese . We were on the same record label , so I came into the office one day and there was a stack of Weezer CDs on the desk , ” Murphy says with a laugh . “ They were like , ‘ Rivers Cuomo from Weezer came by and he said he wants you to check out his band . ' As if I 've never heard Weezer ! ”
The duo began collaborating in 2009 , and in 2012 began to play shows in Japan . Cuomo 's interest in Japan has been well-documented — most famously , his use of an ukiyo-e print for Weezer 's “ Pinkerton ” album cover art . His wife is also Japanese and initially helped to make sure the duo 's Japanese lyrics sounded natural to native ears .
“ For this last album , she was like , ‘ What you do is great , you do n't need to get my opinion any more , ' ” says Murphy . “ So I got a lot of freedom on this album . ”
Scott & Rivers released their second album , “ ニマイメ ” ( Nimaime , literally , “ second album ” ) in April . While containing many of the hooks and guitar rock sounds Weezer and Allister are known for , the album features a combination of distinctly Japanese lyrics and J-pop hooks .
“ We were n't trying to make it a J-pop album per se , but we were going to have to at least make it not feel out of place among other Japanese artists , ” Murphy explains . “ If you listen to U.S. pop , it 's the same chords over and over . Japanese pop is more about crazy chord progressions and key changes . Most U.S. pop is made for people to dance to , whereas most Japanese pop is made for people to sing karaoke to . ”
Of course , the other big difference in the two pop styles is the language itself . For Scott & Rivers , the lyrics are often written in English by Cuomo , and Murphy adapts them into Japanese to fit the songs they 've penned .
“ You ca n't ‘ translate ' lyrics from English to Japanese , ” Murphy says . “ I guess that 's the correct word for it , but you really ca n't just copy what you said . Because of the way the syllables work , you have to filter down when making it Japanese because English will have twice as much . ”
The process often results in simple but memorable lyrics . Take , for example , the lead single “ Doo Wop , ” in which the song has a bridge section that goes , “ 誰もが持ってる 僕らの羽がある ” ( Dare mo ga motteru , boku ra no hane ga aru , “ We have wings everyone possesses ” ) .
“ For some reason , in Japanese , you can have really simple , basic lyrics that affect in a way that they would n't if written in English , ” says Murphy .
Another challenge for the duo was trying to shake off the English tendency to create rhymes , which they ultimately accepted . An example can be found again in “ Doo Wop , ” in which the chorus goes “ Doo wop , かぜのように ( kaze no yō ni , like the wind ) . Doo wop , 今 ( ima , now ) sing it with me . ”
“ For me , one of the hardest things about writing in Japanese is telling myself that things do n't have to rhyme , ” he says . “ It 's hard to let that go as an American songwriter . ”
As with “ Doo Wop , ” the songs also have moments where the lyrics switch to English , which Murphy is quick to point out is actually a J-pop trait .
“ With a lot of Japanese songs , J-pop artists will use phrases in English for ふりかけ ( furikake , a seasoning sprinkled mainly on cooked rice ) ” he says . “ Rivers really wanted to do it 100 percent Japanese . When we did ( the song ) “ カリフォルニア サンシャイン ” ( Kariforunia Sanshain , “ California Sunshine ” ) , he was like , ‘ Are you sure I should n't sing it カリフォルニア ? ' I told him that because of the syllables , it would n't fit the chorus as well . There are words that sound better when you sing them non-katakana-ized . I think Rivers gets it now , but at first it was a battle to get him to sing things in English , actually . ”
A love letter to J-pop , “ ニマイメ ” is a unique album that speaks volumes about Cuomo and Murphy 's cross-cultural and bilingual experiences , and ultimately their lives .
“ The first album , it was five years ago and I was living in the States . I moved to Japan three years ago to start Monoeyes . I 've been here speaking Japanese every day . I 've been around a lot of Japanese artists , ” says Murphy . “ It was easier to write this record . I think it 's because my Japanese level has gotten better . ”
He smiles : “ The more you do anything the better you get at it . ”
The name of Alberto Méndez is one familiar to aficionados of Premier League stars who never were , that of a Wenger signing who never quite made the grade at Arsenal . In 1997 he was ‘ the craziest football story of the summer ' , but joined the small list of players including the likes of Stefan Malz and Tomas Danilevicus who came from nowhere but never fulfilled the potential Wenger saw in them . For every Patrick Vieira or Thierry Henry there are hundreds of these , young men plucked from obscurity , very much a hallmark of Wenger 's successful transfer policies .
However , Alberto has a story of his own to tell . Andrey Arshavin may not know it , but this previous incumbent of the number 23 shirt also went on to become a skillful midfielder . Like Arshavin , this season has been a tumultuous one for the German of Spanish descent .
Alberto 's story is notorious at Arsenal purely for the obscurity of his origins . In 1997 he was a 22 year old business administration student playing in the German fifth tier for SC Feucht . Wenger with his contacts in Alsace and western Germany , watched him play only once against ESC Rangierbahnhof Nurnberg along with 150 other spectators . Wenger must have been impressed with the creative central midfielder , because he immediately looked into making the acquisition .
Méndez himself admitted to playing poorly , to the extent that he was shocked when he got the call from Arsenal the day after the game :
“ We 'd long been guaranteed promotion , so we had n't trained for a month…Instead we had already had plenty of unofficial promotion parties…The next morning our coach rang to say Arsène wanted to sign me and I told him that he too must still be under the influence . When I went to London for talks I told Arsène three times ‘ you 've watched me just the once , I played badly and you still want to sign me . I just do n't understand it ' . ”
Arsène happened to agree that he was ‘ terrible ' in that game but could still see he had potential , stating , “ There is something very special about him . ”
Twenty-two might seem a little old to make the jump to the pinnacle of football but this bears the hallmarks of Wenger 's personal playing career . A veteran of the depths of the French amateur leagues , he had the potential to attain greater success but late development prevented him . Wenger only made the step up to Ligue 1 RC Strasbourg as a youth coach , and was called to play in the 1978/79 title winning side only because of injury .
Wenger would have empathised with the young German , plying his trade in the depths of Central European football . Age played an additional part in his drive to bring younger talent to the squad in 1997 :
“ I need to bring in younger players . We have the best players in the country in the 28 to 35 age group , but between 20 and 28 they are all at Manchester United , Newcastle or Liverpool . ”
For £250,000 Alberto should be seen as a cheap gamble , arriving as part of a raft of new an exotic European signing including the much loved Marc Overmars , Emmanuel Petit , Gilles Grimandi , and Luis Boa Morte , now of West Ham .
In comparison Overmars cost £7 million , though bear in mind that in today 's transfer market that equates to something like £23.6 million ( Transfer Price Index ) . Work out the Méndez value and it comes to something like £844,000 in today 's figures , hardly the sort of sum you would expect Man City to be throwing about .
Playing for The Arsenal
Indeed , Alberto made a respectable start , scoring on his debut in a 4-1 triumph against Birmingham City in the League Cup in October 1997 , at Highbury as part of a team of young Arsenal players , typical of Wenger 's policy . After going 1-0 down Boa Morte scored two , Platt knocked one in , while Boa Morte set up Méndez for the fourth both sides ending on 10 men after extra time . Interestingly Wenger opted for a slightly modified 3-5-2 , with Méndez playing just off the striker , interchanging with Hughes .
Arsenal ( 3-5-1-1 ) : Manninger ; Grimandi , Upson , Marshall ; Dixon ( Crowe , 91 ) , Platt , Hughes , Vernazza , Boa Morte ( Muntasser , 119 ) ; Méndez ; Wreh
Familiar names such as Grimandi , Platt , Dixon , Vernazza and Manninger played in the Arsenal squad that evening , whilst Steve Bruce was in defence for the Birmingham side . It is fascinating to think about the changes in each one 's career since .
Alberto went on to make a handful of league appearances in midfield during that Double winning season . The experience of playing in that side must have felt like a dream world . Rubbing shoulders with world champions to be , Vieira and Petit , must have been something of a culture shock after the days at SC Feucht .
In 1998 , Méndez got his chance on Europe 's greatest stage , in a dead rubber Champions League game against Panathinaikos in December . The final group game was away in Athens , but Arsenal had already been knocked out of the competition , so Wenger fielded a weakened side against the Greeks .
Arsenal : Seaman ; Bould , Vivas , Grimandi , Upson , Grondin , Méndez ( M Black , 78 ) , Vernazza , Anelka , Wreh , Boa Morte
Méndez opened the scoring with a freekick which took a deflection off the former Derby midfielder , Aljosa Asanovic , ricocheting into the corner of the net . Méndez and Boa Morte combined well , both scoring , and a certain Nicolas Anelka , another Wenger bargain , Against the odds they won 3-1 , no mean feat considering the team selection .
Wenger said after the game :
“ I am very proud of my players…There were some excellent performances , particularly by people like David Grondin and Matthew Upson , as well as the two players up front , where Nicolas Anelka showed his great talent . ”
So Alberto 's name goes into the history books as having scored one goal in the 1998/99 Champions League , alongside the likes of Luis Figo and Ronaldo .
Struggles and belief
The Greek capital was a place Méndez came to know well as struggling to get first team football , he was loaned out to AEK Athens in February 1999 and then to SpVgg Unterhaching for their Bundesliga adventure in 1999-2000 , but played just 6 games in the German top flight .
Returning from Unterhaching Méndez realised that his time at Arsenal would be the exception in his career , the sparkling facilities and sell out games would not feature so prominently . He played for the reserve team that year , and slowly the dreams faded . When asked “ What are you , ” he replied , “ Student ” , no-one would believe the truth he thought .
His final season at Arsenal saw him loaned to Racing Ferrol in the Spanish Segunda División , and in the summer of 2002 he was released , along with a certain Rohan Ricketts , who went to Tottenham . After 11 appearances , only four of which came in the league , and 2 goals it was time to find a new club .
The only offers were from Genk , a Belgian first division club and Ferrol , in the Spanish second . He took the Spanish option . Choosing to fight relegation with the club in 2002-03 , he clocked up over 2000 minutes of football , starting 29 games . The benefits were personal , instead of being nobody , he was suddenly enthusiastically heralded as one of the club 's best players , but continued to struggle with injuries .
“ I do n't want to play with injuries anymore . Too often I 've simply participated ”
The relegation battle was desperate at times . At the director 's behest the whole side went on pilgrimage to the statue of the Virgin of Chamorro , in the Holy City to ask for help , but to no avail . Ferrol ended the season relegated from the Segunda División . Like a true journeyman Méndez moved on to another Segunda División side , Terrassa , neighbours to giants Barcelona . Sadly they were also relegated at the end of his first season . This was a pattern which would become familiar throughout his career .
German Relegations
All things return from whence they came , and stuck with few options in Spain Alberto continued his footballing odyssey , joining the very club Wenger had watched him play for eight years before ; SC Feucht . From here on Méndez became an almost ever-present in the fourth tier of German football , the Regionalliga Süd ( third tier prior to 2008 ) .
The instability of clubs at this level saw the now aging playmaker switch teams almost every year . Feucht were relegated to the Oberliga Bayern ( fourth tier at that time ) at the end of his first season in 2005 , and he moved to a newly promoted Regionalliga club SpVgg Bayreuth for 2005-06 .
However , Bayreuth were refused a licence for the following season 2006-07 , resulting in a second successive relegation to the Oberliga for Méndez . The sorry story continues as Méndez joined Regionalliga side SV Darmstadt 98 for one season , only to find them relegated in 2007 .
The change came at SV Sandhausen , joining up with the team for 2007-08 the side Méndez finished 5th in the Regionalliga , allowing the team to enter the newly formed 3 . Liga , Germany 's third tier ( since 2008 ) , where giants such as FC Heidenheim lurk among other big names .
Scaling these heights was too much for the midfielder , and he only completed two games in the 2008-09 3 . Liga before injury overtook him . In the January window 2009 he joined SpVgg Weiden , dropping two divisions , but did n't play due to his injuries . The team were promoted into the Regionalliga Süd for 2009/2010 , and Méndez found himself yet again in the fourth tier of Germany 's pyramid . Last season he played 26 matches and scored 7 goals , a key player for the side , albeit an aging one at 35 .
The Blue and Blacks of Weiden out in force . Just another day in the Regionalliga Süd .
The highlight of the season must surely have been a home tie at the Wasserwerk Stadium in the DBF Pokal against Jürgen Klopp 's Dortmund , though the team lost 3-1 . Méndez though finally got his name on the scoresheet against a Bundesliga club .
Méndez , one of the most skillful players in the Regionalliga , would have been suspended for the Dortmund game for a red card in an earlier match , but after a successful appeal Weiden managed to get his name on the team sheet .
The mystery deepens as we come to this season though . There are no appearances listed for Méndez whatsoever . In fact there are none listed for any of the Weiden players . After digging through the finest German literature on the amateur game it became apparent that this season Weiden were removed from the division until further notice due to debts of over 1 million Euros .
Here was the explanation for the lack of games , and missing scores . Weiden are in limbo , looking to raise funds for a successor club whilst negotiating some kind of settlement regarding their league status .
But what of Méndez ? Surely such a journeyman of the Regionalliga knows these situations well . A journeyman moves on , just as Alberto has done every season since reappearing in the German game in 2004 . After six relegations in eight years something was different this time around .
The fact that his face is conspicuously missing from the Weiden team photo this season , brings the faintest scent of change . Little is written about the German fourth divisions , and news is hard to come by for foreigners . Delving into the archives of German newspapers , the truth comes to light . Alberto has already retired , and not through his own volition . In November 2010 the 36 year old suffered a serious injury , and decided to call time on his career , just as his club went out of business . His ‘ participation ' was over .
As a Wenger signing he will always have notoriety as a player who failed ; listed as a ‘ transfer flop ' . Behind the gaudy headlines and cheap articles is the story of a real footballer , one who was plucked from obscurity , and lived the dream of every ‘ good ' player who was never quite good enough .
Méndez found his level in Germany , and the 113 appearances he went on to make in the Regionalliga Süd belies his value to those teams . A true journeyman midfielder whose story is repeated ad infinitum throughout the football world . How many of Arsène 's current crop will follow a similar path remains to be seen .
Recommended : Kaba Diawara The man that never made it and Analysing Theo Walcott
A cautionary tale : Back in 2009 , government contractor Jeffrey Kantor was browsing online , seeking to make a radio-controlled airplane for his son . He began to type his search into Google : “ How do I build a radio-controlled ” — [ enter autocomplete ] — ” bomb. ” That 's right , before Kantor knew it , he had accidentally asked Google how to make an explosive device . And his life would never be the same .
According to a suit filed in federal court this week by Kantor and as Gawker reported , after his Google autocomplete mishap , the government began harassing Kantor , putting him under constant surveillance and ultimately getting him fired .
`` Kantor 's coworkers at the Army , ” the complaint alleged , “ including Northrop Grumman contractors ... would repeat back Kantor 's private information , including emails , websites he went to , library books he got from the library , conversations he made in his house or in his car , phone calls , information about the contents of his house , and then someone would immediately say that there is a person who dropped dead from hypertension . ''
In response to this alleged harassment , Kantor 's taking Attorney General Eric Holder , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , CIA Director John Brennan , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Secretary of State John Kerry to task — to the tune of $ 60 million in damages .
To be sure , this is all what Kantor alleges . Nothing has been proven . And one has to wonder , could an autocomplete error on Google actually prompt years of harassment and , as Kantor claims , death threats ?
Hindsight provides some context for how this might have occurred . In June of 2013 , former intelligence contractor Edward Snowden began disclosing the massive online surveillance operations of the National Security Agency and other international intelligence outfits . We now know the agency collects American 's telephone metadata , taps Internet cables , tracks cellphone locations , collects emails , browser histories , encrypted messages and chats . Further , the guidelines for what legally makes one targetable are vague and flexible . Conceivably , Kantor was monitored by one of these programs .
One important note , however , is that no leak has revealed that the NSA directly monitors the browsing of American citizens . If the government is n't engaged in any such program , it 's difficult to imagine how exactly Kantor 's story would come together .
On the other hand , if in fact Kantor 's claims are accurate , they provide a compelling case against the NSA 's argument that those with nothing to hide have nothing to fear from government surveillance . In fact , the uncertaintly surrounding these claims is itelf in part the issue . As the American Civil Liberties Union wrote : “ In fact , you have no idea if you have something to fear or not , because you do not know what the government does with the data it collects . If the government keeps secret what it is collecting about you or why , you can not correct potential errors . And if you know anything about our justice system , you know that errors are common .
Image : Win McNamee/Getty Images
This article originally published at The Daily Dot here
Amid an array of “ knock-out ” attacks against a number of Jews in Brooklyn 's Crown Heights neighborhood , a city councilwoman pointed to the success of the Jewish community as triggering the aggression . Councilwoman-elect Laurie Cumbo emphasized that while she “ admire [ s ] the Jewish community immensely ” for its work ethic , black teens may see it differently .
Advertisement
Advertisement
“ While I personally regard this level of tenacity , I also recognize that for others , the accomplishments of the Jewish community triggers feelings of resentment , and a sense that Jewish success is not also their success , ” Cumbo , who was recently elected , wrote in a letter . Chief among the issues causing resentement against Jews could stem from hostility towards Jewish landlords , she added . Cumbo , who is black , said that she was looking to “ offer possible insight as to how young African American/Caribbean teens ” think and how it can lead to the attacks .
Cumbo expressed concern over the attacks and supported investigations and legal actions against perpetrators .
Via Talking Points Memo .
A group of 12 workers in Markham , Ont . erupted into a frenzy after learning they had won Friday 's record-high Lotto Max jackpot of $ 60 million .
The winners are employees of Canadian Black Book , a company that publishes resale information about used cars . They all participated in a group play run by their colleague , Dennis Cartier .
`` Dennis deserves an Academy Award for this one , '' said co-worker Brad Rome . `` He kept that incredible secret for days , then as calm as calm could be , he surprised us with the news . ''
This is what you look like when you win $ 60 million . ( YouTube ) Cartier said he did n't find out about the big win until he checked the numbers on Saturday afternoon while on his way to pick up lunch .
He checked his ticket at a gas station and could n't believe his eyes . He then raced home , signed the ticket and put it on the refrigerator .
`` I wanted to stay calm , eat my burrito and check the numbers again online . Every single number matched up , so I went back to where I bought the ticket and that 's when it all became very real . ''
Cartier , who was not supposed to work Monday , arrived at the office in sandals and a T-shirt instead of his usual suit . He called a work meeting and broke the news .
According to an OLG news release , the group then erupted in cheers and laughter . Several started dancing on the boardroom tables .
The 12 winners sharing the prize are :
Cartier of Brampton .
Rome of Toronto .
Allison Scarangella Goodwin of Brampton .
Andre Dias of Bradford .
Andrew Breininger of Pickering .
Anna Calcaterra of Richmond Hill .
Claudio Santos of Bradford .
Darlene Wright of Toronto .
Joshua Bailey of Toronto .
Karen Penny of Newmarket .
Kathleen Ward of Toronto .
Lawrence Shred of Brampton .
The winning ticket was purchased at a Petro-Canada gas station on Kennedy Road in Brampton .
The OLG news release says no one in the lucky dozen has plans to quit their day jobs .
Editor 's Note : John Bruening , an original defendant in the action , was dropped from the lawsuit and replaced by Daniel Lane . An update to the story reflects the change .
CHARDON , Ohio -- The family of T.J. Lane has agreed to pay almost $ 2.7 million to settle wrongful death lawsuits filed by the families of the three Chardon High School students gunned down by Lane in the school cafeteria .
Each of the families will receive almost $ 890,000 . Lawyers for the victims ' families will get 40 percent of the shares , according to the terms of the agreement .
The money is believed to be coming from settlements reached in two other lawsuits filed in the aftermath of the Feb. 27 , 2012 shootings that left Daniel Parmertor , Demetrius Hewlin and Russell King Jr. dead and three other students injured .
A federal lawsuit was settled late last year with members of the Lane family and Liberty Mutual Insurance . T.J. Lane 's father had a personal catastrophe liability policy with Liberty , court records show . Earlier this month , terms of a settlement in a lawsuit involving Jack Nolan , T.J. Lane 's grandfather , and his insurer , Nationwide Property & Casualty Inc. , were filed in Geauga County Common Pleas Court , according to court records . Terms of those agreements are not public .
Most of the terms in the wrongful death settlement were made public today by Geauga County Probate/Juvenile Court Judge Timothy Grendell . Motions had been made to keep these terms private as well .
After the hearing , Grendell said two reasons he decided to make the settlement public is because of the extreme amount of public interest in the Chardon shootings and to send a message to adults who are raising children of the possible consequences if the youth are allowed access to firearms .
The settlement had been reached in a Lake County Common Pleas Court , where the lawsuit was filed , but landed in Grendell 's room because he is handling the estates of the three dead students . Ohio law requires that a probate judge approve a settlement involving the estates .
Grendell said he approved of the terms . `` Even though you can never put a value on the loss of a child , I think the awards were fair under the circumstances , '' he said .
Attorneys representing the parties in the case either could not be reached or would not comment on the outcome .
Sued were T.J. Lane , his parents , Thomas Jr. and Sarah ; his grandparents , Jack and Carole Nolan , and an uncle , Daniel Lane .
Lane was 17 and living with his grandparents at the time of the shooting . Lane pleaded guilty to the shootings and is serving a sentence of life in prison without parole .
The families of the dead students still have a lawsuit going against the Chardon school district and Lake Academy , the alternative school that Lane attended . The families said the Chardon district failed to provide adequate security and did not assess the danger Lane posed to others . The academy was sued for not warning others of Lane 's mental instability , the suit said .
SHARE
Mexico 's state governments are failing to make use of federal funds to clean up the police , a telling example of the lack of coordination and follow-through that can sink well-designed plans .
As reported by Milenio , over the first half of 2013 , Mexico 's 31 states plus the Federal District failed to make use of 88 percent of the federal funds available to them for vetting their police bodies . The funds were to be used on a wide range of measures , such as drug and polygraph testing . In 2012 , the states neglected to spend 33 percent of the money available , essentially leaving roughly $ 190 million on the table .
Partially as a consequence , programs to submit state police to vetting processes are woefully behind schedule . Indeed , the information was made public by the Chamber of Deputies as the lower house issued an extension to the deadline for full vetting of the state police . While they had been required to complete the programs prior to December 29 , 2013 , now the states will have until October 2014 .
SEE ALSO : Mexico News and Profiles
Because of the track record of police officers at all levels working with local criminal groups , carrying out quality control programs in both state and local police departments is considered a vitally important task . Furthermore , this is one of the few initiatives undertaken in Mexico over the past several years that directly attacks the problem . Though a single vet of all of the nation 's police would not be sufficient to make a definitive break with the longstanding patterns of corruption , it would go much further toward addressing the problem than all of the helicopters transferred in the Merida Initiative .
InSight Crime Analysis
This is not the first time that lawmakers have flagged problems with the state and local governments ' ability to cleanse police departments of corrupt elements . As of February 2011 , just 8 percent of all state police had undergone a full evaluation of their competence and honesty . In November 2011 , then-President Felipe Calderon clashed with governors whom he blamed for the slow pace of vetting . The governors responded at the time that the pace of police reform was unrealistic . However , more than two years on , the same problems remain , which suggests that an overly ambitious pace is not the only problem .
Similar examples of state and local governments failing to take advantage of federal funds made available for security issues have emerged periodically . In February of 2011 , El Universal reported that a multitude of states spent less than half of their federal outlays for training of personnel and the upgrade of facilities during the prior year . Only two states spent all of their allocated money .
SEE ALSO : Coverage of Police Reform
These figures , and others like them , speak to two deeper interrelated problems . The first is the lack of coordination between federal and sub-national governments . There is little benefit in making new investments in the security apparatus if the agencies and governments in charge of administering the investments are not on the same page . In such cases , the money can be wasted or , as the above stories indicate , simply linger unused . But , in either case , it is of little benefit . More broadly , the presence of different governmental bodies working at cross-purposes limits their ability to accomplish such a monumental task as improving Mexico 's public security .
Relatedly , the state and local governments appear to be lacking the absorptive capacity to take advantage of the hundreds of millions of dollars available to them . The federal outlays address clear defects in the sub-national governments , from outdated equipment to persistent levels of corruption . Theoretically , the federal money should allow these governments to face down criminal groups without relying on federal assistance . Yet the leaders of these governments are not able to take the basic steps to addressing these shortcomings , even when given all the money necessary to do so .
This is not a huge surprise . Over the course of seven decades under the highly centralized PRI system , there was little autonomy for state and local governments , and the effects of this approach to government remain evident today . The mere fact that local governments are so dependent on federal transfers for their revenues is a telling fact .
From the standpoint of combating multinational gangs and closing off the space in which they operate , the lack of local capacity is worrying . There will be no enduring solution to Mexico 's security ills without more capable state and local agencies . It is in everyone 's interest to reduce the reliance on federal troops — especially the armed forces — on Mexican streets , and the only substitute is local forces . But this lack of absorptive capacity suggests that throwing money at the problem is not a solution .
Update :
Adam Caplan reports that the Bills signed veteran OT Wayne Hunter to a one-year contract worth $ 870,000 .
Hunter will carry a cap figure of $ 585,000 for the 2015 season .
———
According to Tony Pauline of DraftInsider.net , the Bills have signed former Jets OT Wayne Hunter to a one-year contract .
Vic Carucci previously mentioned that the Bills ' decision to waive DL Bryan Johnson a few weeks ago was likely an indication that they were prepared to sign Hunter to a contract .
Hunter , 32 , was drafted in 2003 by the Seattle Seahawks and spent two seasons with the team , only seeing action in two games without earning a start before being waived in 2006 . He was later claimed by the Jaguars , but lasted only that one season without a start and only saw action in one game .
Hunter was added to the Jets where he spent four seasons and amassed 21 starts before being traded to the Rams in 2012 where he started another four games .
Chinese corporate debt stood at around 120 percent of GDP in 2015 , according to the IMF
Corruption cases involving three million yuan ( $ 463,000 ) or more may incur the death penalty in future , Chinese authorities ruled Monday , signalling that officials could be executed for graft .
Under President Xi Jinping the country has waged a much-publicised anti-corruption campaign vowing to target both powerful `` tigers '' and low-level `` flies '' , but no Communist Party official is known to have been put to death for the offence since Xi took office .
The Supreme People 's Court and China 's national prosecuting body said that bribes or embezzlement totalling three million yuan or more will be considered `` extraordinarily huge value '' , the Xinhua news agency reported .
Such offenders will be eligible for the death penalty if their actions had `` extremely severe circumstances and caused extremely vile social impact and extremely significant losses to the state 's and the people 's interests '' , Xinhua cited their joint `` judicial explanation '' as saying .
Capital punishment will remain an option for the courts -- which in China are controlled by the ruling party -- and will not be mandatory .
The intent was to punish corruption `` with severity according to the law '' , Xinhua said .
Supreme People 's Court judge Pei Xianding said judicial authorities would hand down death sentences `` in a resolute manner '' , Xinhua reported separately .
A previous threshold was set in 1997 at 100,000 yuan , but was not updated until it was abolished last year .
Xi 's crackdown has swept up scores of senior officials in the party , the government , the military and state-owned companies , including former security czar Zhou Yongkang .
So far its most severe sentences have been death with a two-year reprieve -- which is normally commuted to a life term -- or life imprisonment , which Zhou was given .
Former railways minister Liu Zhijun was given a suspended death penalty in 2013 for taking bribes worth 60 million yuan , which was commuted to life imprisonment last year .
The document also widened the range of benefits that can be defined as bribes , to include debt forgiveness among others , the report said .
Any acceptance of gifts by government employees that might affect the performance of their public duties will be regarded as bribery even if there was no specific request by the briber at the time , it said .
If the Seattle Seahawks enjoy a successful 2016 season , it will not be because of carne asada tacos . What those carne asada tacos represent , however , has plenty to do with Seattle 's success this year and in previous seasons under head coach Pete Carroll and general manager John Schneider .
But before we get to the tacos , which are delicious , by the way , first a story about Carroll , Hall of Fame coach Bud Grant and analytics . Yes , this story is a little bit all over the place , but ultimately it 's a story about Carroll and the culture he and general manager John Schneider have built in Seattle , and when it comes to Carroll , things tend to move at high speeds and occasionally appear chaotic even when they 're not , so just bear with us .
Back when Carroll was a young assistant coach in Minnesota in the 1980s , Grant sensed a change coming in football . Despite his old-school reputation , Grant was a forward thinker , and he saw that computers were going to greatly alter the way teams could study their own tendencies , and more importantly , their opponents ' .
“ Bud was one of the early adopters of football analytics , ” said Brian Eayrs , the Seahawks ' research analyst . “ He was really creative , really innovative . He saw in the 1980s that football was starting to turn into a world of information that could be easily gathered and summarized with a computer . ”
When Grant realized he needed somebody to help the Vikings make sense of the new information computers were making available to them and other teams , Carroll told his boss that he knew a guy—Carroll always knows a guy—which is how the Vikings came to hire Mike Eayrs , Brian 's father , who went on to a long career in the NFL with Minnesota and Green Bay . Decades later , Carroll decided his Seahawks needed to bolster their research department , so he reached out to the elder Eayrs , who told Carroll about his son Brian , a former Division III coach who was working for STATS , LLC at the time .
So where are we going with all of this ?
Of all the things that help shape Carroll 's philosophy on coaching—on life really—one of the most important is an idea that sounds simple , but is actually rather complex in its application : helping people be the best they can be . And an important distinction to make here is that the focus is n't on helping an athlete be the best football player he can be , but on helping that individual be the best person he can be . Take care of that first , and the football part will follow .
As Dr. Michael Gervais , a high performance psychologist who works closely with the Seahawks describes it , “ We are humans first , then we 're human doers . ”
“ It 's really important to us to reach into as much as we can be involved , ” Carroll said . “ It 's the whole package of the player that 's crucial in helping him be his best , because we see things carry over so much . We recognize that their off-the-field life has something to do with their on-field life . So we 're trying to support them and help them find their best in all areas . We take a lot pride in doing that . ”
One of the many keys to Carroll 's success as a coach is the way he has embraced individualism . A big part of that is simply allowing players to be themselves , but there 's more to it than not trying to suppress Michael Bennett or Richard Sherman 's outspokenness , or than not trying to contain Doug Baldwin 's passion . For the Seahawks to truly be at their best , Carroll and Schneider want players , coaches , scouts and pretty much everyone in the building to have at their disposal resources that can help them maximize their potential . For some , that 's Dr. Gervais , for others it 's Maurice Kelly , the team 's vice president of player engagement , while for others still it 's nutritionist Michele Clarke-Mason and executive chef Mac McNabb , or director of player health and performance Sam Ramsden , or Eayrs , whose research helps coaches and personnel people self-scout and also spot , “ league-wide trends that might help us win . ”
“ Everybody that contributes has a very crucial role , ” Carroll said . “ And some guys have a more crucial role with some players than others , it depends on the makeup and what the situation is for the young man . Dr. Gervais and Mo ( Kelly ) and everyone else fit in where they do to do their things they do well . That 's why it 's really important to have a really diverse group with various skills so we can be there to meet the needs of different players . ”
Not every player utilizes those resources equally , but they all appreciate having so much available to them . And they appreciate a coach who encourages them to spend the few weeks not just preparing for the season , but also openly discussing pressing social issues while engaging in healthy debates on how best to express themselves and their concerns .
“ One of the things Pete really focuses on is the entirety of the person , ” Sherman said . “ He focuses on your purpose beyond the game . That 's really important , because a lot of coaches do n't think about that—they 're trying to get as much as they can out of a player while he 's in their building , then once he 's not , they could n't care less . Pete 's a little different . As much as a coach can care about a player within the business of football , he does . He maximizes that . That 's shown by his action , in having all these resources in the building . They do n't have to have that , that 's not a mandatory thing every team does , but that 's something he believes is necessary to help his players . ”
Ten years ago , in 2004 , a snowboarder accidentally collided with Jason Lauve , inflicting a severe back injury which forced him to move with the help of a wheelchair and a cane , when he was able to stand up at all . In this predicament , medical marijuana was the only drug capable of alleviating his pain - a remedy that , four years later , got the defendant into trouble .
Police , tipped off by one of Lauve 's neighbors , found more than 30 plants in his home , while the law only allowed to own a maximum of 6 . A year after the indictment , a euphoric Lauve emerged from the Boulder County , Colorado Justice Center after having resolutely fought and been acquitted on drug possession charges .
On his lap he carried the marijuana that long ago had been seized from him , and his feat turned into a definite success for the cannabis cause and for all those who had long been struggling to see their rights recognized in the medical domain . His was a scenario that turned a simple patient into a cannabis activist , almost unintentionally .
The legalization of recreational marijuana in Colorado has been a breakthrough for consumers in the state , but many say that Lauve 's case –despite being related to the health care field– was the real turning point . His lawyer , Rob Corry , firmly believes that the current situation in the state came about , in part , thanks to the success and political impact achieved by the patient .
These are resounding statements , but in 2006 another patient , Ryan Margenau , had already been acquitted after being arrested and charged with the possession and cultivation of cannabis , when he was only consuming medical marijuana prescribed by a physician .
The most important thing is that what happened to Lauve spurred some prosecutors , such as Stan Garnett , of the Boulder County District Court , to begin to strongly question the judicial procedures applied to the area of medical marijuana thus far .
This situation led many public prosecutors to reconsider the decisions that were being made on related topics , and made it clear that restrictions on possession that had been laid down in the state 's medical marijuana initiative could not be applied , due to Lauve 's successful defense argument during the trial . Lauve argued that the law logically entailed a corollary , allowing one to possess as much marijuana as is necessary for therapeutic treatment .
Prosecutor Garnett explains that , since that time , cases of marijuana possession came to be considered a low priority in his office , to keep patients from wasting money on litigation when the law was on their side from the start . In fact , since Lauve was acquitted the prosecutor 's office has not pursued any minor marijuana possession cases .
Corry believes that he is one of the few people–among those who need and consume medical marijuana–who really knows all the details involved in the matter . `` He personally experienced the consequences of the prejudices that exist against medical marijuana patients . '' And that has made him , in the eyes of lawyers and prosecutors , a qualified activist for the cause .
The magazine for therapeutic consumers
Having risen to fame , Jason Lauve took advantage to launch 'Cannabis Health News Magazine ' , a publication made by and for patients who need to consume therapeutic cannabis . It is available in hundreds of medical marijuana dispensaries , and his intention is to make it a state-level publication , an aim for which he has visited hundreds of dispensaries , one by one , to promote sales . Along with some of his closest friends , he personally sees to its content , and has invested more than $ 50,000 in it .
The magazine is free , dealing with topics like education and policy , and containing articles on the experiences of some patients with drugs , the latest research related to marijuana and its derivatives , as well as updates on marijuana laws , among other things .
The magazine 's aim is to educate current and future patients about the benefits of therapeutic cannabis and the science that lies behind it . He believes that when it comes to marijuana there is little information aimed at patients , lamenting that information concerning lifestyle and recreational use predominates instead .
There had been a flaw in the application of the marijuana law , but communication between patients and judges is now possible , Lauver says . He has personally experienced others ' appreciation , firsthand . In fact , after being declared innocent he reports that he began to receive calls from users , lawyers and even owners of dispensaries throughout Colorado seeking advice and asking him how he had managed to win the battle .
This patient is now a consultant on the cannabis industry and his case has served as an example to help other patients , like Elisa Kappelmann , who also suffered through the harsh experience of being accused of possessing more medical marijuana than she was permitted .
Two years after her indictment a jury found her not guilty after the same lawyer who had helped Lauver defended her . Kappelmann expresses her gratitude , remembering how , before the patient 's experience , everyone who `` ended up in court landed in jail . '' And she says that the stigma surrounding marijuana is so great that the police believed that they had “ power over those who need to consume it for health reasons . Jason contacted me and encouraged me to fight . ''
Some believe this patient to be the force behind the cannabis revolution in Colorado , and behind the subsequent legalization of marijuana in the state . He says he feels empowered by everything that he has managed to achieve by proving that anyone can defend his rights and win , including in court , contributing to the struggle of cannabis activists and patients who need medical marijuana to improve their quality of life .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
With information from Denverpost.com , Dailycamera.com , Thecannabis.co , Coloradodaily.com and Cannabishealthnewsmagazine.com .
Three-year-old boy dies after being left alone overnight by mom for the TWENTIETH time - and she thought it was OK because he had 'food , juice and a movie playing '
Megan McKeon , 24 , has been charged with child abuse after leaving her son , Austin Davis , home alone for 20 hours
She returned home to find him lying face up with his eyes open , but he showed no signs of life
She told detectives she had left him home alone on a regular basis and had done it about 20 times before
A doctor who tried to save Austin 's life was concerned the boy possibly had ingested prescription medication or other substances
The boy 's father , Tyler Davis , 22 , was in prison at the time of Austin 's death after he was arrested for not registering as a sex offender
A young mom has been charged with child abuse after she left her young son home alone while she went to work and then did n't return until the next day .
When Megan McKeon returned to her home in Steamboat Springs , Colorado , 20 hours later she found her young son , Austin Davis , lying face up with his eyes open . He was immobile and showed no signs of life .
Investigators say McKeon 's home , described as a cabin at a local campground , was in chaos , with human waste and partially eaten food tossed around .
Scroll down for video
Megan McKeon , 24 , has been charged with child abuse resulting in death after leaving her son , Austin Davis , home alone in Steamboat Springs , Colorado , for 20 years and then returning to find him dead
Investigators say McKeon 's home , described as a cabin at a local campground , was in chaos , with human waste and partially eaten food tossed around
McKeon , 24 , tried to plead guilty to three misdemeanor counts in court on Thursday , but District Attorney dropped those and instead charged her with child abuse resulting in death , a felony who carries a much longer sentence .
According to police , McKeon left to go to work at a local supermarket on Wednesday , March 26 and did n't return until Thursday morning , March 27 .
McKeon told detectives she had left food , juice and a movie playing for her son . She also told detectives she had left him home alone on a regular basis , about 20 times before .
After her shift , McKeon reportedly spent the night at the home of an unnamed boyfriend before heading home the next morning , reports Denver Westworld .
When the prosecutors dropped the original charges against McKeon , Charity O'Konski , the dead boy 's grandmother shouted , ‘ She killed a baby '
The boy 's father , Tyler Davis , 22 , was in prison at the time of Austin 's death after he was arrested for not registering as a sex offender
When the prosecutors dropped the original charges against McKeon , Charity O'Konski , the dead boy 's grandmother shouted , ‘ She killed a baby , ' reports CBS4 .
Outside court O'Konski said she would have been happy to care for Austin if she had known the circumstances .
'All she had to do was call me . There 's no if , ands or buts to what happened , it 's her fault no matter what happened . She is accountable for that baby , ' said O'Konski .
'Nothing is ever going to be enough , because he will never come back to us but she took his life away and the only way to take her life away is to let her sit behind those bars and let her think about what she did . '
A doctor who tried to save Austin 's life was concerned the boy possibly had ingested prescription medication or other substances
A guilty plea to the original charges would have only carried a maximum sentence of 42 months .
The district attorney said that would not be sufficient punishment for the crime so he dropped the charges . He hopes to file felony child abuse resulting in death charges against McKeon .
The district attorney is waiting for an official cause of death for Austin . The coroner and investigators are waiting for toxicology reports to come back which will take at least two weeks .
A doctor who tried to save Austin 's life was concerned the boy possibly had ingested prescription medication or other substances . McKeon 's bond was set at $ 250,000 .
The boy 's father , Tyler Davis , 22 , was in prison at the time of Austin 's death after he was arrested for not registering as a sex offender after allegedly going up to multiple underage teen girls and offering them money for sex .
Video : Mom charged with child abuse following her 3-year-old 's death
The field of artificial intelligence ( AI ) is moving so quickly that even experts are having trouble keeping up with developments . So how can the rest of us get to grips with the dramatic changes that are coming ?
In an effort to provide a clearer picture of the state of AI , a team led by Stanford University has compiled the first index to track activity and progress in the field .
The inaugural AI Index begins by telling readers that “ without the relevant data for reasoning about the state of AI technology , we are essentially ‘ flying blind ' in our conversations and decision-making related to AI ” .
The inaugural annual report is part of Stanford 's One Hundred Year Study on AI ( AI100 ) , a 100-year project looking at the effects of AI on people 's lives .
Here are some of the index 's key findings :
Interest in AI is rising
The number of published academic papers featuring AI has risen dramatically . There were nine times as many papers published in 2016 than two decades ago , approaching 20,000 .
The young believe in it
Young people clearly think that AI is a key part of their future , as more and more students choose the subject at university .
The number heading to Stanford , Berkeley , Georgia Tech and other US universities to study AI has rocketed in the last decade .
And when it comes to finding a job , studying AI could prove useful as employers increasingly want people with skills in the field . An analysis of global employment site Monster.com shows that job openings requiring machine learning and deep learning skills , two major components of AI , have more than doubled in the last year .
And the United Kingdom , the United States and Canada have all seen growth in jobs requiring AI skills , according to job site Indeed.com .
Investors are piling into AI
A significant number of these jobs are created by start-ups . These companies are able scale up thanks to the money put in by investors . And investors are bullish on AI .
Investment into AI start-ups by venture capitalists has increased sixfold since 2000 .
Meanwhile the number of start-ups working to develop AI systems has increased 14 times since 2000 .
Are robots taking our jobs ?
While most agree that automation will completely transform the workplace , the jury is still out as to what extent the labour market will be affected .
There are signs that automation is already happening . Internationally , robot imports have risen from around 100,000 in 2000 to around 250,000 in 2015 . In the US the rise is more muted , but still significant .
How do we feel about AI ?
How do we feel about AI ? Overall the media are far more positive than negative . However in the latter half of 2016 the number of positive articles dipped , while negative coverage increased slightly .
How clever is AI ?
The index shows that AI systems tend to perform well on specific tasks . For instance when IBM 's Deep Blue beat chess champion Garry Kasparov in 1997 .
But some attempts at interpreting conversation have been problematic , with AI programs learning racism and sexism and other prejudices from humans .
More recently , there have been exciting developments in the health sector . A 2017 study showed that AI could recognize the symptoms of skin cancer as well as a dermatologist .
The AI Index says that while it covers a lot of ground , there are many other areas to be explored , such as chatbots , which are a burgeoning area of AI .
The authors also admit that their report is in no way comprehensive , saying that “ China today is astounding but outside the scope of this report ” .
It was originally “ Life , liberty and property ” , which Jefferson got from Locke , but the fact that he amended it to “ happiness ” comes directly Epicurus . Jefferson had a giant boner for Epicurean hedonism , of which he said , “ The genuine ( not the imputed ) doctrines of Epicurus [ contain ] everything rational in moral philosophy which Greece and Rome have left us . ”
I 'm not American , so most of what I know about America 's difficult relationship with its founding fathers I 've extrapolated from that Simpsons episode where Lisa makes them dig up Jebediah Springfield . Also , while there 's no concrete historical evidence as to whether Jefferson did or did not have a weird , toothy underbite , I 've taken the liberty of assuming he probably did , but that he told portrait artists to hide it . We do know for sure that he was an avowed Epicurean , degenerate sex maniac and slave-owner , so the strip is really more about that anyway .
– Nick ( @ nickgibb3 )
Ashes
Click here to pre-order Brennen and Rin , and other new Ashes products ! And be sure to try out these new cards in our Ashes deck builder !
So you 've got your big ole ' bear on the battlefield . You 've played your super-resilient Frost Fang . But the opponent keeps attacking your bear directly . The Frost Fang only attacks for 1 damage , and your bear has to exhaust to punish the puny irritant . These are not the roles you had in mind when you sat down to play . Thankfully The Frostdale Giants provides alterations that allow you to use your units the way you want !
Yep , think about what you can do with this card ! Any unit can now have Unit Guard . Imagine Leech Warrior with it . Or how about the Living Doll ? And now think about Frost Fang with a Crystal Shield attached !
You have a unit with Battle Advantage that can guard any direct attacks , and it can guard again and again because you can slough off damage with its Rapid Healing ability ! Unit Guard is a powerful ability , and the +2 bonuses to life value keeps it on the battlefield even longer !
Any units that would be phenomenal if only they could be assured to get in combat are sure to benefit from Crystal Shield ... I have a feeling that this card will only get better as time goes on .
Give any unit +3 attack value and it becomes a threat the opponent ca n't ignore ! This card can end the game very quickly . Even if you ca n't get your unit through to damage the opposing Phoenixborn , Frozen Crown almost ensures the opponent 's unit ca n't survive an attack or counter from the unit this alteration is attached to . The Frost Back bear deals 6 damage to a Phoenixborn with this attached , and the Frost Fang deals 4 damage before a unit it 's in battle with can even deal damage back ! And trust me , the other unit in Rin 's deck loves this spell just as much .
2 an 1 may seem like a steep investment , but when you consider that this alteration lasts as long as the unit , allowing repeatable damage round after round and attack after attack , it ca n't cost any less . The Frostdale Giants contains resilient units and plenty of ways make those tough units even tougher , allowing you to take full advantage of the high impact boost granted by Frozen Crown !
Rin has many tools to make your units do exactly what you want . Next week we 'll see how Rin uses ice magic to deal with opposing units . He just ca n't abide someone else having shinier toys than him !
Thanks for reading !
Bob
Click here to pre-order The Children of Blackcloud , The Frostdale Giants , and even extra dice ! Get Lulu Firststone or Dimona Odinstar FREE with each Ashes deck purchase , or buy them separately !
Rin/Brennen Previews :
Brennen : Blackcloud Ninja , Crimson Bomber and Poison , Chant of Protection and Chant of the Dead
Rin : Rin 's Fury , Frost Fang and Frostback Bear
Comments
With the international break now upon us , it is time to select your Standard Chartered Player of the Month for September , with three players available for nomination : Steven Gerrard , Jordan Henderson and Adam Lallana .
The prize is decided by supporters in each and every month of the campaign , with the player who receives the most votes handed the trophy at a special presentation at the club 's Melwood training complex .
September was a testing period for the Reds , starting with the frustration of a home defeat by Aston Villa , which was followed by a successive Barclays Premier League loss in a 3-1 reversal at West Ham United .
In between times , Brendan Rodgers ' team had edged past Ludogorets Razgrad in their Champions League Group B opener , and elsewhere in cup competitions they eventually saw off Middlesbrough 14-13 on penalties after an historic Capital One Cup shootout .
The final fixture of the month was the 223rd Merseyside derby , in which a stunning late equaliser by Phil Jagielka denied Liverpool the victory they seemed destined for following Gerrard 's free-kick midway through the second half .
That curling strike was one of two goals scored by the skipper during September ; he also fired home a stoppage-time spot-kick to down Ludogorets , making the No.8 one of three contenders chosen by a Liverpoolfc.com panel for the Player of the Month award .
Next up is Henderson , who will forever remember September as the month when he was confirmed as the club 's vice-captain - he marked the honour with a series of trademark performances too , with his ceaseless endeavour .
Or does Lallana get your vote for the Standard Chartered-sponsored prize ? The summer signing showed the full range of his skills as his fitness exponentially grew , particularly with a relentless display of work-rate and craft against Everton .
There are two methods to have your say on which of the trio should take the trophy . Either use our online voting tool below or head to the official @ LFC Twitter profile to retweet your preference , with all nominations cast to be combined to find a winner .
[ VOTE ]
Frank Seravalli TSN Senior Hockey Reporter Follow|Archive
Feeling his way through his first week as an Edmonton Oiler , Connor McDavid does not like to speak in certainties .
Seemingly every sentence that trickles from his mouth is filled with a clause - the “ If I make the team ” or “ We 'll see in October ” variety . He is respectful of the process .
Coach Todd McLellan answered for McDavid on Thursday , formally putting to rest the question that already seemed to be a foregone conclusion .
“ Do I expect Connor McDavid to play here in Edmonton ? I do . Let 's get that clear , ” McLellan told reporters . “ Connor , in the back of his mind , still knows he has to go out and earn it - and he does - but based on his skillset , his past , the high expectations that have been put on him at other levels , he 's been able to attain that .
“ We expect for him to push for a job and play on our hockey club . ”
McDavid took one step closer to that goal on Day 3 of the Oilers ' development camp without even stepping onto the ice at Rexall Place .
Wasting no time , McDavid and the Oilers agreed to term Friday on a three-year , entry-level contract that will pay him the rookie maximum - news that hardly comes as a surprise . No . 2 pick Jack Eichel signed a similar max deal with the Sabres on Wednesday , officially leaving Boston University and the NCAA ranks in the process .
McDavid , 18 , is now $ 92,500 richer by virtue his signing bonus , the maximum allowed for all entry-level players . It is a figure that likely pales in comparison to the endorsement contract he 's hauled in , particularly as the new face of CCM Hockey .
Unlike the NFL , where top pick rookies sign for incredible , guaranteed sums without even stepping onto the field , entry-level deals in the NHL are strictly governed .
So , what exactly does McDavid 's deal with the Oilers look like ?
We know for sure his max salary is $ 925,000 in the NHL , as set by the Collective Bargaining Agreement .
The exact bonus structure of his contract is likely closely guarded , but quite a few of the items are standardized league-wide . Few rookies , though , end up with the maximum performance-based bonuses like McDavid negotiated .
Including his salary , McDavid can earn a maximum of $ 3,775,000 next season from the Oilers if he hits all of his performance-based bonuses .
In the NHL , those entry-level performance-based bonuses are broken down into two separate categories : “ A ” and “ B . ”
McDavid can earn a maximum of $ 850,000 from his “ A ” bonuses – or nearly double his yearly salary . Each one of the following categories can pay him no more than a $ 212,500 bonus :
> Time on Ice - Aggregate ( total ) : must be in Top 6 among forwards on the team , minimum of 42 games played .
> Time on Ice - Per Game : must be in Top 6 among forwards on the team , minimum of 42 games played .
> Goals : minimum of 20
> Assists : minimum of 35
> Points : minimum of 60
> Points per game : minimum of 0.73 , minimum of 42 games played .
> Plus/minus : must be in Top 3 among forwards , minimum of 42 games played .
> Member of post-season all-rookie team .
> All-Star Game participant .
> Awarded All-Star Game MVP .
In essence , McDavid and the Oilers could 've picked four of the easiest of those to attain ( say post-season all-rookie team , both time on ice figures , and assists ) and made them each worth $ 212,500 .
Playing five games each season , for instance , could trigger a maximum $ 25,000 bonus . There could also be a bonus ( no maximum ) for hitting 10 games and then another one after his 11th game . They 're all included in that maximum $ 850,000 of “ A ” bonuses .
Then , there is the “ B ” category , which focuses more around postseason awards and trophies . Finishing in the Top 5 of any major league award ( Hart , Byng , Selke , Calder , etc . ) would trigger a specific bonus - paid by the league and not the Oilers . He could also have negotiated bonuses in excess of the league stipulated bonuses for those same awards .
Without getting too complicated , McDavid will be fairly compensated if he instantly becomes the star everyone believes he will be , dollars the Oilers would only be thrilled to pay . All bonuses earned will be applied to the Oilers ' salary cap . The incentive here is solely on McDavid ; like making the Oilers out of camp in October , he largely controls how much he will earn .
This is just the first of many lucrative deals to come - a rite of passage to make it official , and all the more real .
Frank Seravalli can be reached at frank.seravalli @ bellmedia.ca .
CLOSE A look at the cost involved with Larimer County 's Alternative Sentencing program . Mollie Muchna/The Coloradoan
Buy Photo Joshua Potter does yard work at the Good Samaritan Society Loveland Village on March 9 , while working through the Larimer County Alternative Sentencing Department , which allows criminal offenders to perform community service while keeping their jobs and spending most of the week at home . ( Photo : Valerie Mosley/The Coloradoan ) Buy Photo
Petty thieves , traffic violators and other criminal offenders remove the remains of revelry from Colorado State University 's Hughes Stadium and Moby Arena in Fort Collins .
They pay for the privilege of picking up pizza boxes , beer cups and other trash left in the stands of Colorado 's second-largest public university .
In return for the nearly free labor , offenders of various ages and backgrounds avoid serving time behind bars .
Taxpayers , nonprofits and government-supported organizations like CSU save thousands of dollars annually through labor provided by crews from Larimer County 's Alternative Sentencing Department . The department enables offenders of lesser crimes to stay with their jobs , families and communities in a way jail does not .
“ They 're not slave drivers or anything . I feel I 've been treated like I was staff , ” James Taylor said in between moving stones at The Ranch , Larimer County Fairgrounds .
The 50-year-old Evans resident jumped at the opportunity to serve 15 days with Alternative Sentencing after being convicted of driving with a revoked license .
“ I 'm the only income in my family , so a jail sentence would have been two weeks without any income , ” Taylor said . “ That would have been awful . ”
Alternative Sentencing 's midweek and workender programs allowed Taylor to avoid losing his job at an area dog kennel . In the programs , judges allow offenders to spend two days per week in custody , trading labor for time off their sentences .
Offenders pay $ 25 for each two-day period they spend in the programs .
“ I feel like I have to pay to work , but it is what it is . As long as I get to keep my job and see my family every day , I 'm good , ” said Michael Martinez . The 25-year-old restaurant cook from Fort Collins was sentenced to 10 days in the program for violating terms of his probation .
Alternative Sentencing 's work crews are available to all schools , 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofits and government organizations in Larimer County . In 2015 , 746 offenders provided organizations with upward of $ 347,000 worth of work .
CSU was the second-largest user of the programs behind the county fairgrounds . Crews work at the university when the need for manpower is at its highest — before and after games , said Jeff Sutton , building service manager at CSU .
COLORADO : Liquor stores could ask voters to block beer , wine in grocery stores
Adding more staff is n't viewed as an option during these times because it 's unclear what workers would do when not providing game support . A temp agency or labor company is also not a viable choice for CSU due to budget constraints , Suttton said .
For comparison , the University of Colorado pays its campus Reserve Officers ' Training Corps organization about $ 11,000 per football game to clean up Folsom Field . For basketball games , CU contracts with a janitorial service , said David Plati , CU associate athletic director .
“ We 've always used Alternative Sentencing , so it does n't make sense at this point to go out and pay more money for something we 're not having to pay for right now , ” Sutton said . “ And we 're actually helping the community . ”
He estimates the Larimer County 's Alternative Sentencing Department saved his department $ 93,533 last year . The university started using offenders to help with events before he was hired more than a decade ago .
COST
CSU paid the Alternative Sentencing Department about $ 38,093 in 2015 . The university , the Larimer County Fairgrounds and the Larimer County Landfill all pay more for crews than what the Alternative Sentencing Department typically charges organizations — $ 50 per day — because they use and depend upon the crews more than other entities in Larimer County .
In 2015 , the average crew had 9.5 offenders . Organizations would pay between $ 474 to $ 632 for a group of that size to work a typical six- to eight-hour day at the state 's $ 8.31 hourly minimum wage . Some laborers earn more per hour .
Alternative Sentencing 's flat $ 50 fee per crew was established “ moons and moons ago. ” The fee is low enough for struggling nonprofits to afford the labor provided while still partly offsetting department costs , said Laurie Stolen , director of the Alternative Sentencing Department .
“ We 're not doing this to be a moneymaker , we 're here to serve the community , ” Stolen said . “ I 'm not saying we would n't ever consider increasing our rates . It 's just not something we 're looking at now . ”
Stolen became director of Alternative Sentencing in 2010 . She helped the department transition from being managed by the Larimer County 's Sheriff 's Office to being housed under the county 's Criminal Justice Services Division . In 2012 , Alternative Sentencing moved from about 12,000 square feet in the county jail to its own 54,000 square-foot building at 2307 Midpoint Drive in Fort Collins , she said .
Larimer County 's Alternative Sentencing Department is a model for other counties in Colorado . In the state , judges allow some people convicted of lesser , nonviolent crimes to serve their court-ordered sentences through community service , work release , electronic home detention and other programs .
Every judicial district in Colorado is required by law to have alternative sentencing options , but not all counties have programs like Larimer County 's midweek and workender , said Ashley Edstrom , president of Colorado Alternative Sentencing Programs .
“ It 's a true benefit to the county taxpayers to have alternative programs because we can do things cheaper than the jail does . We do n't have sworn deputies . We do n't have to have secured locks on all the doors , ” Stolen said . “ Jail is one of the most expensive places to house people . ”
On average , it costs Larimer County 's Alternative Sentencing Department about $ 37 per day to work with an offender , she said . It 's more like $ 88 on average for a day in the jail , said Larimer County Sheriff 's Office Lt. Staci Shaffer .
BUSINESS : Walnut St. future wo n't include Locksmith shop
University of Northern Colorado professor Colleen Fitzpatrick said she would n't mind seeing Alternative Sentencing 's cost savings move beyond taxpayers and nonprofits to private companies .
“ If the business could be in a position to teach them skills , I 'd have no problem with that , ” the criminal justice professor said . “ Businesses teaching ( offenders ) is almost equivalent to paying them because the companies are providing training . ”
New skills could help offenders gain employment more effectively . People with criminal records struggle to find jobs even as the nationwide unemployment rate reaches eight-year lows .
Adults with criminal records account for about 20 percent of all nonworking-age people ages 25 to 54 , according to a 2014 New York Times/CBS News/Kaiser Family Foundation poll .
“ For people who committed lesser crimes , alternative sentencing gives them an opportunity to basically rehabilitate themselves and also stay in the community where they have jobs and family , ” Fitzpatrick said . “ Keeping people in the community to the extent its reasonable is really really important . As a society , it 's a mistake to just keep throwing people in prison and jail knowing they 're eventually going to get out . ”
Growth and data reporter Adrian D. Garcia can be reached at 970-224-7835 or Twitter.com/ adriandgarcia . For a weekly roundup of his stories and other business news sign up for the Biz Beat newsletter at bit.ly/bizbeatsignup .
At a glance
A snapshot of Larimer County Alternative Sentencing 's 2015 midweek and workender programs :
Organization Crews received Estimated labor value Amount paid to the department The Ranch , Larimer County Fairgrounds 149 $ 70,577 to $ 94,102 $ 37,295 Colorado State University 84 $ 39,788 to $ 53,051 $ 38,093 City of Fort Collins 72 $ 34,104 to $ 45,472 $ 3,600 Poudre School District 52 $ 24,631 to $ 32,841 $ 2,600 Larimer County Landfill 45 $ 21,315 to $ 28,420 $ 17,636 Other 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofits and tax-supported organizations 331 $ 156,785 to $ 209,046 $ 16,000 Total 733 $ 347,200 to $ 462,933 $ 115,224
The Larimer County Fairgrounds , CSU and the Larimer County Landfill reported the amount they paid to the Larimer County Alternative Sentencing Department in 2015 for using midweek and workender work crews . The tax-supported organizations have intergovernmental agreements with the department to pay more than the typical $ 50 flat fee that Alternative Sentencing charges other nonprofits and tax-supported organizations .
The United States Forest Service paid $ 1,000 for 11 crews in 2015 . All other organizations paid the $ 50 fee , according to the Alternative Sentencing Department .
The average crew contained 9.5 offenders in 2015 . The estimated labor value was calculated using the average crew size working six to eight hours at Colorado 's minimum wage — $ 8.31 per hour .
Jail vs . Alternative Sentencing
Larimer County saved an estimated $ 352,910 in 2015 by placing offenders in Larimer County 's midweek and workender programs instead of jail .
The Larimer County Alternative Sentencing Department programs included 746 offenders last year . Each served an average of nine days helping the community .
On average , it costs $ 37 per day for an offender to be in Alternative Sentencing versus $ 87.68 to be in jail , according to data from Alternative Sentencing and the Larimer County Sheriff 's Office .
Read or Share this story : http : //noconow.co/1RtmNfO
Purpose
As the battlefield 4 emblem editors is quite frustrating to use , importing SVG 's could be nice . Something similar was available for battlefield 3 plutoon emblems I think .
How to use
Create an 320x320 image in your favorite vector editor ( read : illustrator , or it has not been tested ) . You may only use the tools line , ellipsis , and squares . Once your ' e happy with the result , save as SVG . Open the svg in a text editor , copy the contents , paste in the box below , and and push `` convert '' . Check for errors in the messages box . If all is well , copy the code from results and continue as usual to add the emblem in the bf4 editor . Instructions on how to continue from here on exists in several places , try google , or check out this site which provides instructions if you click on an emblem ( no affiliation ) . Basically you need to launch the js code from the result window on the editor somehow .
Limitations
The current version is very simple and only supports lines , ellipses and rectangles . None of the other objects that can be used in the online battlefield 4 editors can be used , if you want to use them you will have to add them in the online editor once the svg is imported .
You can use opacity and colors will work as well . Line strokes on ellipses and rectangles will be ignored but stroke is how you will decide the thickness of a line . You may rotate and scale and group object but you may not change the pivot of an object or do any free-hand handle transformation or 3d-transformation . Remember that the output is simply one of the stroke , circle or square objects in the bf4 editor , and they can only be scaled or rotated .
The current version only supports the `` matrix '' transformation to interpret rotation . Basically , when saving to SVG from illustrator , this is what will be used .
Finally , the editor itself only supports 40 objects , so you are limited to this as well .
Future development
The possible future developments for this project could adress a few of the limitations above . Heres a few thoughts ( some which have already been concluded as bad ideas , kept for reference ) :
importing the svg from battlelog . It then instantly becomes a path element , which means I can not recognize it when it comes back out unless it has n't been modified at all - which is totally useless . Importing a shape as a rendering ( png or similar ) . This could be feasable but it means that somehow a conversion must be made and once it has been made the user can not change the color , as it 's an image object . I was thinking of implementing this at least for the part when the image is done one because it 's really easy , just add a few lines to my existing code but in the end kind of boring with the color limitation , youre better of with the online editor here in my opinion . but then I need to add something a bit more complicated , unless the user should be forced to a ) download the svg from battlelog b ) change to the color you want c ) render to png d ) importing to your image . It 's just too many steps and I could not do this in pure javascript so I would have to make users install some kind of additional converter to do this . Path support . IMplementation would be : Take a path , try to recognize some of it 's properties and map the available bf shapes unto it . for example , a curved path could be represented by a bent arrow somehow . It would be fun to do just because the code would be , with my measures , extremely complex and close to artificial intelligence . I like a challenge , but I am afraid that I would be way over my head with this one . Then again , nothing is impossible . Ascii-style : do the same thing an ascii converter does : take an existing image and replace it with a resembling ascii representation . But instead of the alphabet , it would be the bf4 shapes . Come to think of it , it 's kind of the same thing as the previous suggestion , but we would work with the picture as a whole instead of individual paths . It might be more realistic . Thing is , as we only have 20/40 objects to work with , I am guessing anything we can spit out will be kind of ugly . As you might know , an image - > ascii converter seldomly generates something pretty unless the output resolution is really high ( many letters ) or input resolution is very low .
Try it
Paste the contents of your svg file here
Results for your bf4 editor
Messages
Licence
Licence is MIT-style .
Show full PR text
VOLKSWAGEN UNVEILS CROSSBLUE COUPE CONCEPT AT THE SHANGHAI AUTO SHOW
Five-seat SUV concept is based off the new MQB architecture and features a plug-in V6 gasoline-electric hybrid drivetrain
- 415-horsepower gasoline-hybrid concept is capable of 79 mpg
- The vehicle can travel up to 21 miles as an EV
- Top speed of 147 mph ; 0 to 62 mph in just 5.9 seconds
- Concept features dramatic new interpretation of Volkswagen design DNA
Wolfsburg / Shanghai , April 2013 - With the debut of the CrossBlue Coupé at the 2013 Shanghai Auto Show , Volkswagen is giving a spectacular glimpse at the future and at a new
era of SUV design . Klaus Bischoff , Head of Design for the Volkswagen Brand , says : `` The disproportionate growth in the SUV segment gives designers the opportunity to implement an even greater diversification of models . The CrossBlue Coupé shows the potential of our Volkswagen design DNA and will undoubtedly have an influence on future SUV models . ''
The CrossBlue Coupé has a plug-in hybrid powertrain that is as fuel-efficient as it is sporty . A turbocharged direct-injection ( TSI ) V6 gasoline engine works together with two electric motors to produce as much as 415 horsepower . This SUV can thus perform like a sports car , with a 0 to 62 mph time of just 5.9 seconds and a top speed of 147 mph .
Despite its impressive performance , the CrossBlue Coupé has a combined fuel consumption of just 79 mpg in the new European driving cycle ( NEDC ) . Even when the battery is fully discharged and the vehicle is running with just the TSI engine , the gas mileage is still impressive , at 34.1 mpg . With a 21.2 gallon gas tank , this gives a theoretical range of around 720 miles .
The CrossBlue Coupé can be driven as zero emissions EV for up to 21 miles at a maximum speed of 75 mph : to intentionally use this eco-friendly mode in urban areas , the driver simply pushes a button . The concept vehicle is based off the new Modular Transverse Matrix ( MQB ) and could , if it were produced , be fitted with conventional four- and six-cylinder engines running on a variety of fuels such as gasoline , diesel , and CNG . Equipped with five comfortable seats and a spacious trunk , the CrossBlue Coupé definitely belongs to the SUV avant-garde .
Dynamic exterior design
The CrossBlue Coupé is exactly 192.5 inches long , 79.3 inches wide , and 66.1 inches high . The vehicle thus has a confident , low slung , and four-square stance that is enhanced by the wide tracks ( 67.3 inches at the front , 68.0 inches at the back ) , the relatively long 117.3-inch wheelbase , and large 22-inch aluminum-alloy wheels that are shod with 285/40 tires that were specially designed for the concept car .
Sporty side profile . The concept features a long and broad hood , a very short frontal overhang , and a long roofline . The concept 's sporty stance is further improved by a very short
A-pillar and a very `` fast '' ( swept back ) C-pillar , as well as a distinctive character line . The designers have combined a dominant line-one that starts in the upper area of the rear lights and runs precisely at the height of the door handles-with a second line that begins beneath the rear lights and ends in the front fender . The space between the two lines narrows towards the front and ends beneath the A-pillar in a stylized chromed air outlet . These lines significantly reduce the SUV 's visual center of gravity .
The 22-inch polished aluminum-alloy wheels also feature a new design , with five V-shaped dual spokes that have a matte finish on their inner surfaces . Five trim pieces that are painted in the body color of `` CrossOrange Metallic '' surround the central VW badge , presenting yet another design element .
Despite the dynamic side profile , practicality is central to this vehicle 's mission . An example is the way that the doors open wide for optimal entry and egress , as well as extending down into the sill area . The ports for the gas tank and battery were uniformly integrated into the design of the CrossBlue Coupé . The fuel filler neck is located under a lid on the right side of the vehicle , with the electrical outlet cover opposite it on the left side . This consists of one socket for charging the high-voltage battery and another for connecting electric devices ; this 230V/16A interface allows the CrossBlue Coupé to act as an emergency generator .
3D Front End . A key element of Volkswagen design DNA is the predominance of horizontal lines . The front end of the CrossBlue Coupé follows this to perfection , yet the designers have
created a new layout by integrating the lighting architecture into the grille area . The key elements of the front end design are the free-standing LED headlights , LED light signature , and radiator grille trim .
The radiator grille trim , consisting of two polished aluminum struts and the VW logo , is now a 3D element extending into the headlights . The lateral ends of the upper strut are used for the
Daytime Running Lights , creating a unique and very special `` eyebrow '' light signature . Meanwhile , the lower cross strut is a pure aluminum element that extends from beneath the free-standing LED headlights into the fenders . The entire grille unit is surrounded by a high- gloss black frame . The lines of the LED light signature extend into the lower area of the bumper , bordering the side intakes and the central radiator inlet . Skidplates are fitted under the bumper to protect the underbody .
Exclusive rear section . As with the front end , the designers sculpted a 3D look , again using aluminum elements . The upper area of the rear lights extends from the center of the trunklid
right into the fenders , carrying the side character line into the rear of the vehicle . The rear lights are highlighted by an aluminum strip , under which two more lighting elements are integrated on each side .
The prominent stainless-steel tailpipes are integrated into a polished aluminum trim panel that runs horizontally . The rugged looking anthracite-colored area on the lower edge of the rear bumper is repeated on the front bumper , on the sills , and on the wheelarch trim , giving another styling feature that runs around the entire vehicle . As at the front of the car , there are skidplates integrated into this anthracite-colored piece .
High-tech interior
An especially prominent feature of the elegant and clean interior is a horizontal dashboard graphic that extends into the side door trims . Upscale materials abound in the cabin : velvety soft Nappa leather in `` Anthracite Pearl '' and `` Asphalto '' ; chrome surfaces that are polished on top and sandblasted in a matte finish on their chamfered edges ; dark aluminum ; naturally- treated wood accents ; and `` Graphite '' colored Alcantara® for the roof pillars and headliner . Two-color configurable ambient lighting is matched to the vehicle drive mode : in `` Eco '' , it matches the `` CrossOrange '' of the exterior paint and switches to red in `` Sport '' . The interplay of forms , colors , and materials makes a typically masculine SUV statement , combined with an urbane ambience .
At the very top , the dashboard is framed by `` Anthracite Pearl '' colored leather with dark contrasting seams . Below it , a dark aluminum panel integrates the central10.1-inch infotainment display , air vents , and 12.3-inch instrument screen display . There is a delicate chrome strip on the center of this panel , with chrome surrounds on the air vents and screens .
On the next level down , an anthracite-colored spruce wood inlay extends into the door panels as well as down the center console . Below the wood inlay , there are panels covered in lighter `` Asphalto '' Nappa leather , with the ambient lighting running in a narrow line between the wood and leather on the dashboard .
Five comfortable seats . The seats are also upholstered in elegant Nappa leather . The individual seat panels are designed in either the dark `` Anthracite Pearl '' or the contrasting `` Asphalto '' . The shading visually emphasizes the sculpting of the seats themselves . The rear
bench seat offers fore-and-aft adjustment , three backrest positions , and folds in a two- thirds/one-third fashion .
The car comes to life . As soon as the driver 's door is opened , the controls come to life . When the `` Engine '' ( Start ) button is pressed , the switches for the climate and headlight control
instantly lift from rest . At the same time , all of the display layouts appear on the monitors and the ambient lighting is activated .
The uppermost level of the center console contains the buttons for the seat heaters and air circulation as well as the hazard lights switch . Beneath these , there are three knobs for the four-zone climate control : the left and right ones control the temperature , and the middle knob adjusts the fan level .
Arranged conveniently on the right side , next to the shift lever grip , are the buttons for ESC deactivation ( used when driving in deep snow , for example ) and for the drive modes : `` Sport '' , `` Eco '' , `` Offroad '' , `` Charge '' , and `` EV '' ( electric driving ) . The shifter for the six-speed transmission has very short throws , thanks to a new drive-by-wire logic . Like a joystick , the lever continually returns to its middle position ; the `` D '' , `` R '' and `` N '' positions are activated by a short flick and `` P '' by a separate pushbutton that is integrated in the lever .
Infotainment touchscreen . The central10.1-inch touchscreen has proximity sensors and is used to control all the infotainment and entertainment functions , as well as to access the
status of the hybrid system . The type of representation changes according to the driving mode . For instance , when the `` Sport '' mode is selected , buildings that are shown in the navigation display are `` suppressed '' in the 3D map representation , receding for a clearer and less busy image during fast driving . On the other hand , an animated 3D representation is shown in the `` Eco '' mode , in which buildings rise up on the horizon like the structures in the movie `` Inception '' .
Programmable instrument cluster . The instrument cluster is designed with analog gauges but is underpinned by user programmable software . The type of information changes between the `` Eco '' and `` Sport '' modes . In `` Eco '' mode , the `` Powermeter '' and battery status are two of the items shown in the left instrument , while the right one acts as speedometer and fuel gauge . The center dial is used to access functions such as gear selection , driving range , date and time , the weather , and navigation functionality such as distance to destination and points of interest . In `` Sport '' mode , the left-hand instrument shows the tachometer and displays torque and battery status at its center .
A mobile mini iPad® has been integrated in each of the head restraints of the first seating row , so that passengers in the rear seats can also fully enjoy the audio , video and online programs . Meanwhile , a Dynaudio® sound system delivers crystal-clear audio .
Toronto loves its sports teams ; just head down to the square in front of the Air Canada Centre , or Nathan Phillips Square around playoff time for proof of this . This affinity , though , tends to come with limits . Despite its enthusiasm for sports throughout the rest of the year , Torontonians adopt an attitude towards marathons that is at its best cavalier , and at worst , downright spiteful : in 2009 , runners were booed by drivers fed up with road closures ; the Sun said that “ marathon is actually a four-letter word , ” and complained of a “ marathon of headaches. ” In 2010 , the late Rob Ford suggested that marathoners ought to run laps of city parks rather than on Toronto streets , while in 2014 current Mayor John Tory complained that marathons were “ creating nightmarish problems ” and said ( of an event that draws runners from all over the world , brings in millions in economic benefit , and brings people out of their homes and into public spaces with their neighbourhood communities ) that “ it is time in a big city like this that the public was placed first. ” It begs the question : what did marathons ever do to Toronto ?
Whereas in cities like New York , Chicago , and London ( the crown jewels of the marathon world ) marathons are city-wide events that engage runners and non-runners alike , Torontonians tends to view marathons as an inconvenience , something that stands in the way of the city 's functionality . “ Toronto 's a running city , ” says marathoner Mike Anderson , owner of BlackToe Running , an independent running store at King West and Bathurst . Being a running city , though , extends only to the running community itself in Toronto and , unlike other major cities , has garnered little enthusiasm in the non-running community . “ One of the things I find most frustrating is that other cities embrace it , ” says Anderson . “ It 's a little ridiculous that people [ in Toronto ] are upset that there 's more traffic at 6am on a Sunday . ”
When Anderson , who has lived and ran in Toronto since 1989 , ran the New York City Marathon , he remembers crossing a bridge into Manhattan and being greeted by crowds ten to fifteen people deep , cheering so loudly that he could barely hear himself breathe . In comparison , he says , “ Toronto 's pretty quiet . For whatever reason , the city 's not behind [ the marathon ] yet . ”
At first glance , it may seem like the pedantic complaints of the running community . But it sits within a larger trend of Toronto 's struggle to conceive of itself as a world-class city ( “ the city loves to self-flagellate over how it stacks up against the rest of the world , ” writes Ashley Csanady in the Post ) . One metric by which to judge a city , though imprecise , is to look at its marathon . “ Every city worthy of the name has to have a marathon , ” says Alan Brookes , head of the Canada Running Series and the head organizer of the Scotiabank Toronto Waterfront Marathon . Indeed , a list of the world 's greatest marathons and a list of the world 's greatest city would tend to look nearly identical .
Elitist and niche though they may be , marathons are both tourist attractions and showcases of the city 's urban environment . Unlike other sports , the quality of a marathon depends directly on the environment it takes place in , making a city marathon an event which depends on the urban space and design of a city . Sport — which includes marathons — is a vibrant part of urban life in major cities , and it is significant that Toronto lags behind other world-class cities that have embraced marathons and turned them into cornerstone events in the city 's calendar . The question of marathons is implicitly a question about a city 's relationship with sports within its urban space .
In 2015 , Paris Mayor Ann Hidalgo stood at the start line of the Paris Marathon and issued a proclamation that is now famous among marathon enthusiasts and those who work to organize city marathons . “ Paris is yours , ” she said . “ It is the most beautiful city in the world , and you make it more beautiful . ”
Mayor Hidalgo 's opening proclamation has come to exemplify , for organizers like Brookes , the ideal attitude towards city marathons . A well-organized and successful city marathon “ puts a city on the map , ” says Brookes . Over the past decade , marathons have increased dramatically in popularity and participation levels . Between 2005 and 2013 , there was a 36 % increase in the estimated number of marathon finishers in the US . ( Growth has been even more dramatic in developing countries like China , where marathon participation since 2009 has increased by 260 % . )
With increased numbers , and an increased demand for courses that highlight a city 's best urban assets , planning the course — which , for many marathons is the biggest point of conflict with city administration , as it blocks traffic and forces road closures — is a balancing act . The big challenge , says Brookes , is “ to develop city marathon courses that run through neighbourhoods with character that showcase the city , and where there is a maximum spectator draw — but without antagonizing residents , politicians , and stakeholders . ”
Outside of traffic congestion , marathons tend to be beneficial to the city in which they 're held . Beyond the obvious benefits of a “ fitter , healthier city ” that Brookes says city marathons bring , there is economic and charity benefits as well : the 2015 New York City Marathon brought an estimated $ 415-million in economic benefit to the city , as well as generating $ 34.5-million raised for various charities . Even at smaller , lower-profile marathons like the Scotiabank Toronto Waterfront Marathon , the economic benefits are large : Toronto draws in somewhere in the range of $ 25- to $ 30-million in economic activity as a result of the marathon .
Despite the benefits , Toronto has had a complicated relationship with marathons — with many , like Anderson , feeling that Torontonians do n't support running events like the marathon . “ I 'd say the verdict 's out , the jury 's out , ” says Brookes , who says that it really comes down to the individual : “ If people like festivals and events , then they will help us , ” he says . “ If they do n't , they 'll hate us . ”
But online , Torontonians are quick to voice their distaste for major road races . “ Marathons f * * * ing suck , go run into the lake , ” said one Reddit user . “ We have more interesting things to do in Toronto than watch people run at a moderate pace in a straight line for a few hours , ” said another . One took aim at marathoners themselves , saying “ people who run marathons are the same people who make going to high park to see the cherry blossoms a day trip. ” The notion that a marathon is a city-wide event seems lost on most Torontonians : “ Most of these marathons are for the participants to accomplish , not to cheer for ” wrote Reddit user Bobzyurunkle . “ Family and friends are the perfect spectator for these , why should strangers do it ? ”
Ambivalence towards the marathon goes deeper than the grumblings of city residents . Marathons have , on occasion , been matters that have pestered City Hall . Since 2000 , two major marathons have been run in the city 's downtown core — the Toronto Marathon ( currently sponsored by Goodlife ) and the Scotiabank Toronto Waterfront Marathon , first held in 2000 . While the Toronto Marathon is older and has traditionally laid claim to being the city 's ‘ official ' marathon , since 2005 the Waterfront Marathon has drawn both more runners , more spectators , and has been considered a superior event . ( In 2015 , the Waterfront Marathon was awarded an IAAF Gold Label , acknowledging that it meets certain athletic standards . )
For over a decade , the two marathons were direct competitors : they ran within three weeks of one another each fall , battling for participants and cultivating a great deal of ill-will among city politicians , right-wing commentators , and frustrated motorists . By 2009 , the City was actively trying to find a solution for what they saw as a problem : in January 2010 , the city released titled “ Establishment of One Toronto Marathon ” in which they called for one of the marathons to be scrapped and folded into the other .
Unsurprisingly , neither Jay Glassman , organizer of the Goodlife Toronto Marathon , nor Brookes were willing to give up their race , and both remained recalcitrant to the idea of moving one of the marathons to the spring . ( Eventually , under the implicit threat that the city might make the decision on its own , the Goodlife Toronto Marathon agreed to move to the spring . )
The largest source of conflict comes both from the way the city conceives of marathons and a fragmented decision-making process at the city level . Events like marathons are considered extraneous to the day-to-day business of city management — police officers responsible for traffic control and event security are paid-duty , which , though a small distinction is telling : for the City of Toronto , hosting marathons ( and events like them ) are considered on-the-side events , rather than part of its regular responsibilities .
On top of this , the city lacks a central department responsible for sporting events , which creates conflicts between departments — transit officials , for example , want the marathons run earlier , while those concerned with noise bylaws want marathons to be run closer to the midday . On committees , inter-departmental conflicts can clog the decision making process , and dissuades marathon supporters from fighting for the events : “ If I 'm a junior member of one of these committees , there 's absolutely no upside to fighting for it , ” says Brookes . “ All it 's going to get is another department that hates me . ”
In 2015 , The10and3.com named Toronto the second most miserable sports city in North America . For Toronto runners , this attitude seems to extend towards marathons — events that in cities like Chicago , Houston , and Vancouver are attended in large numbers . One metric that is used to judge community support is the estimated number of non-running spectators that come out to watch the race . The Waterfront Marathon , in comparison , draws in just over 100,000 spectators — a number that seems large until you contrast it with comparably cities : despite its downtown population being one quarter of Toronto 's , the Vancouver Marathon draws 92,000 spectators ; the Houston Marathon boasts that it draws “ a couple hundred thousand spectators ” every year ; the Chicago Marathon ( a city with a similar population to Toronto ) boasts an astounding attendance on crammed streets — part of the reason that the Chicago Marathon has been elevated to be considered one of the world 's major city marathons ( a group that includes the New York , Boston , London , Berlin , and Tokyo marathons ) .
Toronto 's reputation when it comes to marathons is n't great — runners tend to feel that , historically , the city has n't done much to foster a welcoming atmosphere for running events , and that community support for running is lacking . Is that still the case ? Brookes is optimistic that this attitude is being left in the past . “ Thirty years ago , it was true , but not anymore , ” he says . “ If you 'd asked me ten , even five years ago , I 'd be less bullish , but we 're really turning a corner. ” On paper at least , Brookes is doing much to help change Toronto 's reputation as a poor city for marathons : in addition to the gold label his marathon received in 2015 , they have had significant increases in terms of spectator support .
Even so , as the sport of running and interest in marathons grows in Toronto , so too does the discontent . “ Marathon racing is growing like crazy , ” says Anderson , “ but the people who are n't doing it does n't want that to happen for some reason. ” Within certain vocal and outspoken circles of Torontonians , it seems clear that marathons are something to be tolerated rather than enjoyed by the public . “ There are segments who are welcoming , there are segments who are ambivalent , ” says Anderson . “ It 's the people who are vocally against it that are the problem. ” That problem is intensified when you consider that those circles include Toronto 's last two mayors .
The road closures inherent in organizing a city marathon drew the ire of noted car-enthusiast Rob Ford , who during his 2010 mayoral campaign said , “ I think we 're using the roads one too many times , and it 's really frustrating for people trying to get in and out of the city , ” and instead proposed that marathons be staged in High Park or Downsview Park ( Ford backed off the idea after he was elected , which among marathon organizers and runners alike is a logistical non-starter ) . John Tory has , more recently , used traffic to justify the idea of reducing the number of road races ( all of which are charity fundraisers ) saying that he was “ willing to take the heat ” for saying no . “ David Miller once told me that for a major city-wide project and any description to be successful , ” says Brooks , “ it needs strong central leadership. ” Whether or not that strong central leadership exists ( as far as marathons are concerned ) remains to be seen — organizers like Brookes are still waiting for an “ Ann Hidalgo moment ” that can take marathons in Toronto from a niche event to something with broad appeal .
There is a certain subset of Toronto residents who are quick to wrap themselves in the flag of ‘ war on the car ' — as if such a thing ever existed ( and , even if it did , that it would at all be a bad thing. ) . The way Torontonians have interacted with both the concept and physical realities of marathons being run on city streets betrays a larger degree of apathy towards large-scale community engagement . What 's more troubling is that this apathy , reflected in vitriolic debates about bike lanes and condo development and low-income housing , seems more and more like Toronto 's default setting .
When drivers complain that they are inconvenienced by race-related road closures , they fail to realize that having one trip obstructed is the implicit trade-off with a community of runners who generally work around them on the other 364 days of the years ( some early morning runners , for example , do so largely for the benefit of decreased traffic at 5:30am ) . I 'll admit that there 's a bit of self-interest at play here : even if few people understand the realities of training for a marathon , when ( if all goes to plan ) I run the Waterfront Marathon this fall , I do n't think it 's even remotely too much to ask that I do n't get booed . For runners , after a year of dodging cars , waiting for traffic , and running in parks and along bike paths , it would be nice that for three and a half hours on a Sunday morning in October , that the roads — as they are in Paris , as they are in Boston , and as they are in New York — were ours .
Top photo courtesy of Onno Kluyt
He 's been dead for eight years , but try telling that to the NYPD .
Cops have barged into James Jordan Sr. 's family home looking for him more than a dozen times since he died in 2006 — prompting his exasperated relatives to finally post his death certificate on the front door .
“ I tell them over and over , ‘ James is n't here ! He 's dead ! It 's that simple . What 's so difficult to understand about that ? ' ” the Brooklyn security guard 's widow , Karen , told The Post on Monday .
James Jordan Sr. , who died from diabetes at age 46 , was last arrested in 1996 — for turnstile-jumping , said Karen Jordan , who has filed a lawsuit against the city in Brooklyn federal court .
But cops still routinely ransack the family 's Bushwick home on Sumner Avenue , demanding to see him — coming four times this year alone , Jordan said .
The widow finally taped his death certificate to the door .
“ I wanted it to be the first thing they saw before they came into my home and flipped it upside down , ” Jordan said . “ I ca n't hide anyone in my apartment . It 's not big enough for that . But they keep coming and insisting that he 's in my house . ”
Jordan said she 's mystified by the NYPD 's apparent obsession with her late spouse because he had such a minuscule criminal history . Law-enforcement sources said Jordan Sr. had three sealed arrests in 1996 .
“ He was a hardworking man , and he took care of eight kids , ” the widow said . “ It is n't right for them to be coming after him like this . There 's no reason for it . ”
Jordan said the NYPD 's visits leave their home a wreck .
“ They tell me to be quiet or they 'll lock me up , ” she said . “ So they go through my entire house , turning out drawers , looking in closets , harassing my children and asking them terrible questions .
“ I 'm at my wit 's end , ” Jordan said , adding that she also keeps the death certificate at the ready right next to the door on a dresser .
Jordan 's son , James Jr. , 31 , said officers rushed into the apartment in July and arrested him when he told them his name .
“ I told them that my father was gone , ” he said . “ They just did n't believe me . When they came in , they came in like a riot team . It was like a raid . Six officers rushed into the apartment and woke me up . ”
Jordan Jr. and a pal were hit with weapons-possession charges that were later dropped , family lawyer Ugo Uzoh says in the suit . He has no other criminal history .
“ My dad 's spirit is here . But you ca n't arrest his spirit , ” Jordan Jr. said . “ I just want my dad to rest in peace . Even when you 're dead , you still get harassed . ”
The city 's Law Department declined to comment .
Additional reporting by Matt McNulty
Photo
WHEN it comes to making a pot of chili , the possibilities range wide . There are Texas chilis simmered from chunks of beef , chili pods and little else . There are chilis with ground beef and plenty of vegetables , and those made from ground pork or turkey or chicken . Some chilis have beans and/or grains , and some do not .
Over the years , I 've tried dozens of these chili incarnations — the good , the bad and the ugly .
But the one kind of chili I had yet to try was lamb chili .
I was n't avoiding it ; it just never came up in my immediate chili circle , which , being full of beef and turkey and tofu , I never thought to widen .
Then one day while rooting through the freezer , I came upon a pound of ground lamb . It was cold out , and the thought of a bubbling pot of lamb chili sounded better than just about anything else I would think to make with the stuff .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Since there was only a pound of meat , I added beans to bulk it out , choosing white beans for their lamb-y associations ( at least in France ) .
With investigators nearing the conclusion of Case 1,000—concerning illicit gifts Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sara allegedly received—an image is beginning to form of the complex manner in which the couple sought and received gifts worth tens of thousands of shekels from businessmen such as Arnon Milchan and James Packer .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Netanyahu claimed repeatedly the incident involved merely `` gifts exchanged between friends '' , but the account Milchan supplied investigators with , according to which he `` gave an instruction to just give them what they wanted , '' , illuminates the allegedly problematic nature of the relationship the powerful mogul had with the prime minister and his wife , which seems to have been based more on one-sided demands than on a mutual exchanging of presents .
Milchan ( L ) said he gave his staff 'carte blanche ' to supply the Netanyahu couple with gifts ( Photo : Reuters , EPA )
After Milchan attempted to soften his initial account in his second testimony , police interrogators headed by the police 's Investigations Department Maj.-Gen. Meni Yitzhaki went to London and questioned the Israeli producer—himself suspected of bribery—under caution . During the course of his third round of questioning , Milchan supplied a new account implicating Netanyahu .
Milchan explained requests for gifts and cigars have become methodical and habitual and that he thus gave his people a free hand to acquiesce the Netanyahus . `` At some point I gave my staff carte blanche to give ( the Netanyahu couple—ed ) whatever they wanted , '' he said .
When asked why he did so , Milchan replied , `` I neither wanted anything from them nor received anything . ''
The Israeli-born businessman , long considered to be a close friend of Netanyahu 's , further explained he had no choice but to comply with their requests . His testimony thus increased suspicions the cigars and champagne provided to the Netanyahu couple were not merely `` gifts between friends , '' as Netanyahu claimed , but benefits given on demand .
Packer ( L ) and Sara Netanyahu ( Photo : Gettyimages )
Milchan 's account was corroborated by Hadas Klein —personal assistant to both him and billionaire James Packer—who said she was effectively in charge of `` supplying the goods '' to the Prime Minister 's Residence .
`` The champagne purchases were never initiated by Milchan or Packer , but always by the Netanyahu couple . Sara would ask for ( boxes of ) six or 12 bottles of champagne . Bibi ( Netanyahu ) would ask for cigars and also know about the quantities of champagne his wife received . The company driver would travel especially to Jerusalem to supply the cigars and champagnes , '' Klein said in her testimony , broadcast Monday by Israeli television news channels .
Klein provided investigators with examples of unusual requests . For instance , when a leak needed repairing at the residence , she said Mrs. Netanyahu called demanding a construction supervisor hired by the two billionaires come and direct the PMO staff on how to handle the leak .
`` It was a difficult conversation . Sara yelled at me , '' she said . `` ( Sara ) Netanyahu wanted the construction supervisor who works with Packer and Milchan to come advise the professional staff of the Prime Minister 's Office about the leak .
Klein corroborated Milchan 's account ( Photo : Facebook )
`` I did n't approve it , and then she screamed that Milchan and I humiliated her and Bibi by not approving things that are supposedly permitted to them .
`` A few hours later , ( Benjamin ) Netanyahu called himself , said that it was not right what they ( Packer and Milchan ) were doing to ( Sara ) , that they needed to understand what she is going through because of the media , and that they checked it with a legal counsel and 'it is all allowed , ' '' Klein concluded .
Perhaps the legal counsel the prime minister was alluding to , attorney Jacob Weinroth admitted in a television interview last week that he indeed allowed Mrs. Netanyahu to receive jewelry as a gift from Milchan and that she had demanded that a complementary set for the jewelry also be purchased by him .
A family with three or more children can spend 22 % less per child than those with two children . ( Photo : Yuri Cortez , AFP/Getty Images )
WASHINGTON — New parents beware : Your little angel is going to cost you a bundle .
A middle-income family with a child born in 2013 can expect to spend about $ 245,340 for food , shelter and other expenses up to age 18 , an increase of 1.8 % from 2012 , the Agriculture Department said Monday .
The report , issued annually by the USDA since 1960 , found housing was the single-biggest expense , averaging about $ 73,600 or 30 % of the total cost of raising a child , followed by child care/education at 18 % .
How much does a child cost ? The USDA 's report , 'Expenditures on Children by Families ' , provides annual estimates for the cost of raising a child . Housing
Child Care & Education
Food
Transportation
Other *
The remainder went to food , transportation , health care , clothing and miscellaneous expenses during the same period .
`` In today 's economy , it 's important to be prepared with as much information as possible when planning for the future , '' Kevin Concannon , USDA 's food , nutrition and consumer services undersecretary , said in a statement .
The report found geographic variations in the cost of raising a child . They were the highest in the urban Northeast at $ 282,480 , followed by the urban West at $ 261,330 and the urban Midwest at $ 240,570 , which includes Iowa and South Dakota . The urban South came in the lowest at $ 230,610 for each child .
Child care costs have soared dramatically since the first report 53 years ago . Back then , a middle-income family could have expected to spend $ 25,230 ( $ 198,560 in 2013 dollars ) to raise a child until the age of 18 . Housing was the top cost for parents back then , too .
The USDA report said that as families have more children , their costs decline .
A family with three or more children can spend 22 % less per child than those with two children , a result of kids sharing toys and clothes and parents purchasing food in larger and more economical amounts .
The study noted that families can expect to spend more than their income increases . A family earning less than $ 61,530 can expect to spend $ 176,550 on a child while homes earning more than $ 106,540 can expect to spend $ 407,820 . Households in the lowest group spent 25 % of their before-tax income on a child , the middle 16 % and those in the highest group 12 % .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/VzQ16a
Transport for London ( TfL ) says it has no evidence that its ‘ Cyclists stay back ' stickers encourage the mistreatment of cyclists on the roads of the capital . But it has emerged that in at least two incidents drivers seem to have been influenced by the stickers to treat cyclists as if they have no right to be on the road .
In a letter to Leon Daniels , TfL 's managing director of surface transport , obtained by Dr Robert Davis of the Road Danger Reduction Forum , Rob Sowerby details two incidents where drivers of buses appeared to have deliberately blocked him , and then justified it by saying he had no right to be there .
Passengers shout at driver
In the first incident , Sowerby , who describes himself as “ Cyclist , Motorist , Pedestrian ” and “ an everyday cyclist who cycles a Brompton in normal work attire ” , says a bus driver deliberately pulled left across him and when he protested told him to “ stay back . ”
Sowerby wrote : “ I was cycling through the new Euston Circus interchange and down Gower Street at a good speed when a bus which was progressively attempting to overtake me pulled sharply to the left with the sole aim of intimidating me into jamming my brakes on . I was halfway down the length of the bus .
“ This action was repeated until I had a hand on the side of the bus and was on the point of jumping off my bike as I was being squashed against the curb .
“ I bashed on the side of the bus and passengers shouted at the driver to stop . When he did I told him what he had done and he tacitly agreed as his sole response was that I ‘ stay back ' . I took his picture and at that point he got out of the cab and threatened me both physically and with the police .
“ His whole attitude stank from beginning to end and I believe that much of it stems from the indiscriminate use of these signs on the back of buses . ”
A right to pull in on cyclists ?
Sowerby criticises Transport for London for promoting use of the stickers which he says , imply that it 's up to cyclists to avoid unsafe practice ; suggest that at all times it is unsafe to cycle alongside a bus when many times it is perfectly safe to do so ; and lead bus drivers to believe “ that they have ‘ a right ' to squeeze any cyclist the find to their left when pulling in regardless of the fact that the cyclist was overtaken and not the bus being undertaken . ”
In another incident , Sowerby was riding on Oxford Street when a bus drier pulled left to stop him filtering and then told him he was “ not allowed ” to ride down the inside of the bus .
“ Not allowed ” to ride down inside of bus
He wrote : “ I was slowly filtering on both sides of stationary traffic . I filtered down the inside of a bus about 100 yards before Oxford Circus going west but absolutely nowhere near a bus stop or any other reason for a left turn manoeuvre .
“ As you are aware the speeds possible on Oxford Street are dictated more by the problem of errant pedestrians than anything else so I am going at walking pace . The bus driver … decided he did n't like it and pulled the bus over to the left as I was cycling along .
“ Note I know this because I was watching him in his mirror and the act was one of pure aggression and passive violence .
“ I walked down the pavement after being left with less than an inch of road to cycle on . I confronted the driver and his simple response was that I was ‘ not allowed ' to cycle down the inside of his bus .
“ I suggested that firstly this was not true ( and incidentally would invalidate 90 % of the inadequate cycling infrastructure in the United Kingdom ) and secondly even if it was that his act was dangerous and could have led to injury .
“ He was adamant that cyclists must stay back and he was ‘ within his rights ' to stop me from filtering by whatever means . I can think of no other reasoning for this attitude but for the new signage on buses . ”
Echoing points made by campaign groups such as CTC , London Cycling Campaign and Road Danger Reduction Forum , Sowerby said out that a “ new attitude is being bred in the bus depots as a result of the misuse of the signage that I believe was intended for very different vehicles with restricted views such as HGVs ” .
He added : “ to allow your bus drivers this ‘ get out clause ' has increased dramatically the safety concerns I have cycling around London . ”
No evidence
TfL recently claimed it had no evidence that the stickers were affecting driver behaviour in London . Rob Sowerby 's experiences suggest otherwise .
Have you been harrassed by a London driver in a vehicle with a 'Cyclists Stay Back ' sticker and told you should n't be there ? Let us know in the comments .
Free markets ? Economic conservatism ? Ronald Reagan once said that `` protectionism is destructionism . '' Trump , on the other hand , has called the Trans-Pacific Partnership `` a rape of our country . ''
Businesses who invest overseas , he says , should pay a hefty fine on imports . ( We 'll leave aside for a moment his hypocrisy in pretending that investing in hotels abroad , as he does , is somehow different from a manufacturer investing in foreign car factories . ) His protectionism would likely force the U.S. into trade wars , increase the deficit and sink the U.S. economy back into a recession .
Trump 's idea of fiscal conservatism is reducing expenses by financing mountains of soul-crushing debt .
Strong national defense ? Trump pledges to make our military `` so big , so powerful , so strong that nobody — absolutely nobody — is going to mess with us . '' But what does he want to do with that military ? He says he supports killing the families of Muslim terrorists and allowing interrogation methods `` a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding . '' And if the military balks at obeying such orders ? `` If I say do it , they 're gon na do it , '' he says .
His isolationist prescriptions put sound bites over sound policy : Invite the Russians into our elections . Bomb the Middle East into dust . Withdraw from NATO .
It 's not easy to offer a shorthand list of such tenets , since Trump flips from one side to the other , issue after issue , sometimes within a single news cycle . Regardless , his ideas are so far from Republicanism that they have spawned a new description : Trumpism .
We have no interest in a Republican nominee for whom all principles are negotiable , nor in a Republican Party that is willing to trade away principle for pursuit of electoral victory .
Trump does n't reflect Republican ideals of the past ; we are certain he should n't reflect the GOP of the future .
Donald Trump is not qualified to serve as president and does not deserve your vote .
JAPAN midfielder Hiroki Yamada has been training with Celtic in a bid to win a deal with the Scottish champions , it has been revealed .
The 24-year-old , who is currently with J-League club Jubilo Iwata in his homeland , was in the stands for Celtic 's 1-0 win over Hibernian at Parkhead on Saturday , and Hoops boss Neil Lennon expressed his desire earlier this month to see the midfielder in the flesh .
Capped twice for Japan , Yamada can play on the left or off the striker .
Lennon told The Herald : “ He looks okay , but we 'll not have a real idea until we 've seen him over here . I do n't think there would be any money involved . ”
The Celtic boss has been mulling over possible additions to his squad come next month 's transfer window , with the aim of bedding them in between January and July for the European qualifiers should the Hoops win the Scottish Premiership .
Should he join Celtic , Yamada , who has made over 100 appearances for Jubilo Iwata and contributed 22 goals , would become the third Japanese international to turn out for the club , after Shunsuke Nakamura and Koki Mizuno .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A Roman Catholic priest in New York expressed sympathy this week for some clergy who sexually abuse children , saying that it is often the “ youngster ” who is the seducer , then later apologized for his remarks .
Comments by the Rev . Benedict Groeschel , 79 , co-founder of the Franciscan Friars of the Renewal in Westchester County outside New York City , in which he expressed sympathy for convicted child rapist Jerry Sandusky , drew strong criticism from the Archdiocese of New York and the support group Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests .
“ Suppose you have a man having a nervous breakdown , and a youngster comes after him . A lot of the cases , the youngster - 14 , 16 , 18 - is the seducer , ” Groeschel said when asked by an interviewer from the National Catholic Register , the nation 's oldest Catholic newspaper , about his work with priests who abuse children .
Groeschel , who has published numerous books and hosted shows on the Eternal Word Television Network , suggested that children might seduce priests because they lacked a father figure , adding , “ They wo n't be planning to get into heavy-duty sex , but almost romantic , embracing , kissing , perhaps sleeping , but not having intercourse or anything like that . ”
On Thursday evening , Groeschel apologized , claiming his mind and ways of expressing himself “ are not as clear as they used to be . ”
“ I apologize for my comments . I did not intend to blame the victim . A priest ( or anyone else ) who abuses a minor is always wrong and is always responsible , ” he said in a statement . “ I deeply regret any harm I have caused to anyone . ”
The Catholic Church has been rocked in recent decades by accusations that it tried to cover up the sexual abuse of children by priests and has paid out billions in settlements to abuse victims , bankrupting several U.S. dioceses .
Similar scandals have shaken the lucrative world of college sports , most notably the conviction of Sandusky , a former Penn State assistant football coach , for sexually abusing 10 boys over 15 years , most of them in the campus football showers .
Groeschel referred to Sandusky as “ this poor guy. ” Pondering how Sandusky 's attacks could have gone on for so long , Groeschel added , “ Well , you know , until recent years , people did not register in their minds that it was a crime . ”
The interview was published on Monday but was removed from the National Catholic Register 's website by Thursday . It was replaced with a note from Jeanette De Melo , the Register 's editor-in-chief , apologizing for what she called an “ editorial mistake , ” saying the publication should have attempted to clarify or challenge his comments .
“ Child sexual abuse is never excusable , ” she wrote .
The Archdiocese of New York said Groeschel 's comments were “ simply wrong ” and could not go unchallenged , although it does not have direct authority over Groeschel , who retired from teaching in the archdiocese 's seminary last year .
‘ SAID SOMETHING LIKE GRANDPA WOULD SAY '
Colleagues of Groeschel suggested on Thursday that he was recovering from a fall and was mentally frail .
The Rev . Glenn Sudano , a spokesman for the Franciscan Friars , likened him to an elderly relative .
“ He said something like grandpa would say and it 's like ‘ Grandpa , why would you say that ? ' ” Sudano told Reuters in a telephone interview .
“ Obviously we do n't agree with what he said . Obviously it 's terribly disappointing that people are hurt or upset , ” Sudano said . “ We feel very bad about it . ”
Sudano said he did not know if Groeschel would face any consequences for his remarks .
Barbara Blaine , president of Survivors Network for those Abused by Priests , called the remarks “ callous . ”
“ A teenager does not have the power to seduce anyone . The adult is in the position of power and authority , ” Blaine said . “ He should be removed from speaking as a Catholic leader . ”
Archdiocese spokesman Joseph Zwilling said , “ The harm that was done by these remarks was compounded by the assertion that the victim of abuse is responsible for the abuse , or somehow caused the abuse to occur .
“ This is not only terribly wrong , ” he said in a statement , “ it is also extremely painful for victims. ” ( Editing by Peter Cooney and Stacey Joyce )
Jordan Spieth 's decision to forgo next month 's Rio Olympics assures that golf 's return to the Games after a 112-year absence will proceed without the winners of four of the past six men 's majors and the last four players to hold the world No . 1 ranking .
Spieth , 22 , a two-time major winner , joined the current world No . 1 Jason Day of Australia , Day 's countryman Adam Scott and Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland on the sideline . Spieth , whose initial enthusiasm for representing Team U.S.A. led him to be featured in NBC and Golf Channel promotional spots , notified officials with the International Golf Federation of his decision ahead of a midnight deadline Monday .
Eighteen of the eligible men , based on the world rankings , have withdrawn . Only one woman , the 39th-ranked Lee-Anne Pace of South Africa , has bowed out , citing fears about the mosquito-borne Zika virus .
The third-ranked Spieth became the second American men 's golfer , after the world No . 2 Dustin Johnson , to withdraw from the Summer Games , citing health concerns related to the Zika virus . In the absence of Johnson and Spieth , the United States team will consist of No . 5 Bubba Watson , No . 7 Rickie Fowler , No . 13 Patrick Reed and No . 15 Matt Kuchar , who secured his passage to Rio with a closing 66 , good for a tie for third , in his last competitive start , Ohio 's Bridgestone Invitational , which moved him into the top 15 in the world rankings .
Overnight word began spreading that perhaps Crytek was in a spot of financial trouble once again , after an anonymous post appeared online from someone claiming to be an employee who had not been paid properly for six months . After publishing our original coverage of this story , a Crytek employee at the company 's Frankfurt office got in touch with KitGuru to better explain what is going on behind the scenes at the company right now . It 's certainly not a pretty picture .
We will be keeping our source on this anonymous but do be assured that we privately verified who they were and their employment at Crytek . With that out of the way , let 's tackle issue number one- the lack of pay .
According to our source , things had been relatively stable financially up until around June of this year , at which time , employees at the Crytek Frankfurt office discovered they were not going to be paid on time . At the time , Crytek 's upper management assured employees that all financial problems would be worked out by August and that there would be enough money to remain stable for at least 18 months .
Payroll was two weeks late for July and August . September came around and payroll was five weeks late . Wages for October and November have actually yet to be paid at all and with December 's pay due in three weeks time , things are n't looking particularly bright . Our source told us that up until June , there had been no indication that financial issues were on the horizon .
As you can imagine , morale amongst employees at Crytek is low and apparently resignations are being handed in on a near daily basis . The company is said to have lost some irreplaceable talent over the last few months and many more are seeking employment elsewhere . Those who remain at the Frankfurt studio have submitted a legal letter to management informing them that if wages for October , November and December are n't paid in full by the end of next week , then they will stop working . Those at the Budapest studio have apparently already stopped turning up to work .
So where have all of these financial problems come from ? Well it turns out that Crytek may have expanded too fast . The company has around 700 employees spread out across its six studios and next to no revenue coming in . The licensing money from Crytek 's 2015 deal with Amazon has been spent and the company has made some poor investments in new projects . Rather than building on stronger IP like Crysis , Timesplitters or Ryse , Crytek has tried its luck with VR and free to play projects , which are n't paying the bills .
Over the last couple of years , Crytek has been working on two frees to play titles : ‘ The Hunt ' and ‘ Arena of Fate ' . While neither of these have been publicly cancelled , our source tells us that these are failed projects and wo n't see release any time soon . In an effort to recoup some money , Crytek 's Shanghai studio as well as the company 's Sofia based studio ( also known as the Black Sea Studio ) are potentially going to be sold off .
According to our source , Crytek co-founder , Cevat Yerli has not shown up at company headquarters for months and is said to be focussing on other business ventures , effectively leaving Crytek to its fate without a solid business plan . The other two Yerli brothers still show up at Crytek HQ but they have not been taking advice from other members of management on how to move forward and communication has been lacking .
We have contacted Crytek to see if they are aware of these claims and get their side of the story . I will update if/when I hear back with an official statement .
KitGuru Says : There are a lot of claims being thrown around about Crytek right now from multiple sources but it is important to get both sides of the story , so hopefully Crytek representatives will be able to get back to us in an official capacity soon . I do hope this mess is cleared up soon and those affected get the wages owed to them .
FILE - In this April 4 , 2017 , file photo , Rep. Trey Gowdy , R-S.C. , speaks during a hearing of the House Judiciary subcommittee on Crime , Terrorism , Homeland Security , and Investigations , on Capitol Hill , in Washington . Gowdy has been tapped to lead the powerful House Oversight and Government Reform Committee after Chairman Jason Chaffetz leaves Congress at the end of month . ( AP Photo/Alex Brandon )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Rep. Trey Gowdy is known as a dogged investigator of Hillary Clinton . Now Democrats wonder whether the South Carolina Republican will pursue President Donald Trump with the same vigor he used in going after the Democratic presidential candidate .
Later this month , Gowdy , 52 , is set to become chairman of the powerful House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , where he will lead official scrutiny of the Trump administration , including a budding investigation into possible ties between Russia and Trump 's campaign .
Gowdy led a two-year investigation into the deadly 2012 attacks in Benghazi , Libya , focusing heavily on Clinton 's role as secretary of state . It was the committee 's probe that revealed Clinton used a private email server for government work , prompting an FBI investigation that proved to be an albatross in her campaign .
House Speaker Paul Ryan and other Republicans say the four-term lawmaker and former federal prosecutor is the right man for the job . Democrats are not convinced .
“ When push gets to shove , I think Trey 's a reliable partisan and that 's why Ryan picked him , ” said Rep. Gerald Connolly , D-Va .
In 2014 , House Speaker John Boehner selected Gowdy “ as a very junior member to head up the Benghazi panel to go after Hillary Clinton . That was not an accident , ” Connolly said . “ Having done his duty well , Paul Ryan has now tapped him to head oversight , where your job obviously is to protect the man in the White House . So vigorous oversight is not on the agenda . ”
The House Republican Steering Committee on Thursday recommended Gowdy for the chairmanship , replacing Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz , who is leaving Congress on June 30 . Gowdy beat out Oklahoma Rep. Steve Russell . The full House Republican conference is expected to confirm the choice next week .
Rep. Mark Sanford , another South Carolina Republican who briefly considered running for the oversight post , said Gowdy has “ a steady prosecutorial mind ” and a keen understanding of issues facing the committee .
Sen. Tim Scott , R-S.C. , a close friend and former colleague of Gowdy in the House , said “ no one works harder and is more committed to the truth and the rule of law than Trey . ”
Connolly , a member of the oversight panel , stressed that he likes Gowdy personally and praised his skills as a former prosecutor and lawmaker . But he said Gowdy knows his role in the GOP leadership .
“ I do n't think Paul Ryan is worried about that streak of independence showing itself any time soon — and certainly not in the context of Donald Trump and the Russia thing , ” he said .
Ryan , in a statement , said Gowdy “ possesses the experience and deep commitment to transparency and accountability ” needed as oversight chairman . “ He has proven that he will always look out for taxpayers and seek answers from the bureaucracy . Trey has my absolute confidence , and I know he will do an outstanding job , ” Ryan said .
Gowdy led the Benghazi inquiry from May 2014 through last July . The committee 's 800-page report accused the Obama administration of lethal mistakes , but it produced no “ smoking gun ” pointing to wrongdoing by Clinton , even as Gowdy threatened to seek a federal investigation into whether she lied to the committee under oath in 2015 .
In the end , Gowdy did not sign a perjury complaint against Clinton filed by House Republicans . The July 2016 complaint to the Justice Department was made by Chaffetz and House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte , R-Va .
Gowdy said in a statement Thursday he was “ grateful ” for “ this opportunity to serve. ” The statement focused on the committee 's institutional responsibilities and made no mention of specific lines of inquiry .
Sanford , a Trump critic , said some constituents have expressed concerns about the partisan focus of the Benghazi investigation .
“ I try to convince them my experience with Trey has been most even-handed , and it 's my hope and expectation that he has the same approach to the committee at large , ” he said .
Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland , the senior Democrat on Oversight , served with Gowdy on the Benghazi panel , where Cummings also was the top Democrat . While the men initially pledged to work together , their relationship descended into partisan bickering by the time the investigation ended last summer .
Still , Cummings congratulated Gowdy in a statement and promised to “ support his efforts whenever we can . ”
Gowdy takes over the oversight panel just as it is poised to investigate Trump 's firing of James Comey as FBI director amid the FBI 's probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and possible connections between Russia and the Trump campaign .
Gowdy is already familiar with the questions over Trump 's Russia ties due to his seat on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , which has conducted a probe of its own since allegations of Russian efforts to influence the presidential election surfaced late last year .
___
Follow Matthew Daly : https : //twitter.com/MatthewDalyWDC
According to a new poll , 74 percent of Americans agree that climate change is impacting weather in the U.S. , including 73 percent who agreed , strongly or somewhat , that climate change had exacerbated record high temperatures over the summer . The findings mean that a large majority of Americans agree with climatologists who in recent years have found increasingly strong evidence that climate change has both increased and worsened extreme weather events .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
In the poll the majority of Americans say climate change likely worsened a number of recent extreme weather events , including 71 percent for the current drought and last year 's unusually mild winter ; 70 percent for this year 's heatwave-rocked spring ; and 64 percent for the derecho , an especially fierce and long-lasting windstorm , that hit the northeast in June .
`` Americans have just experienced two years of record-setting extreme weather events , and are increasingly connecting extreme weather in the United States to global warming , '' explains Anthony Leiserowitz of Yale University . The poll of over a thousand adults was conducted by the Yale Project on Climate Change Communication and the George Mason University Center for Climate Change Communication .
Along with extreme weather events , recent years have also seen a dramatic upswing in climatologists exploring the link between climate change and weather . A recent study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) found that between 1981 and 2010 the occurrence of extreme heatwaves had increased by 50 to 100 times . Climate change was the only statistically logical explanation behind the incredible jump in extreme heatwaves , according to the scientists . Another study found that a recent drought in Texas was made 20 times more likely due to climate change , while an incredibly warm winter in Britain was made 60 times more likely .
Tornado in American Plains via Shutterstock .
Read more at ENN Affiliate , MONGABAY .
FRESNO — Authorities in central California are searching for one or more suspects who broke into a Foster Farms chicken ranch and killed more than 900 birds with a golf club .
Fresno County sheriff 's deputies arrived at the facility in Caruthers , less than 20 miles south of Fresno , on Sept. 20 and found hundreds of birds slaughtered , officials said Tuesday .
`` Psychopathic behavior . It 's sick behavior , '' Deputy Chris Curtice told KPIX-TV . `` You ca n't do that much damage to animals and not have blood on your clothing . We want to find out who they are and get them off the street . ''
The suspects apparently pulled back a fence to gain access to a chicken shed and massacred 920 chickens with a golf club and possibly another instrument , officials said . Investigators found a piece of a golf club at the scene .
Foster Farms is offering a $ 5,000 reward for information leading to an arrest and prosecution .
`` The perpetrator committed an unconscionable act of animal cruelty , '' the company said in a statement . `` This appears to be a random act of violence . It is the express policy of Foster Farms to treat its birds humanely and with compassion . Any intentional act to the contrary is unacceptable . ''
___
Information from : KPIX-TV .
All this teenage boy was doing was celebrating the ousting of Morsi and for that he paid with his life :
DAILY MAIL – A teenager has been killed in Egypt after an Islamist mob threw him off a ledge on top of a roof and beat him as he lay dying , local media reports .
The young man , identified as Hamada Badr , 19 , and his three friends were caught on camera hiding from a large group who had chased them onto a terrace in Alexandria .
The video , apparently filmed with a mobile phone camera from across the road , show the four teenagers escaping onto a 20ft ledge during violent protests on Friday .
The violent mob on the street appears to have chased them to the roof and the boys climb onto the structure as a group of agitated men gather around them .
The boys had been out celebrating the ousting of Islamist president Muhammad Morsi , when they ran into the former leader 's supporters , one of the boys ' father told Al Arabiya .
After both sides traded insults , the large group forced the boys to flee onto the building in Alexandria 's Sidi Jaber area .
As the teenagers huddle on top of the 20ft ledge the mob begin throwing rocks and larger items at them and attempt to climb after them .
A member of the aggressive roof-mob , a bearded man in a white top , is seen carrying a black-and-white al-Qaeda flag .
Shortly afterwards two of the boys are thrown off the ledge and are savagely beaten as they lay injured on the roof .
Hamada Badr , aged 19 , was killed in the lynch mob attack , Al Arabiya said .
‘ Do you know the teen that they killed and disfigured his body and threw from the fifth floor is only 19 and four days , ' Mohammed Badr , father of the killed teen , told el-Watan News .
‘ All he was guilty of was that he was on the roof of the building , celebrating the ousting of Morsi . But the Brotherhood waged a war against whoever was celebrating Morsi 's departure .
‘ After throwing him , they wanted to do the same with the others , but people in the neighbourhood stopped them , ' Badr 's father said .
Kenyans have turned to social media to revive the search for Bogonko Bosire , a Kenyan blogger who went missing nearly two years ago . Using the hashtag # WhereIsBogonkoBosire , Twitter users are speculating on the fate of the controversial author of the Jackal News , the tagline for which read : “ We own the news and gossip . You are either the source or the target . ”
A journalist who previously had covered East Africa for Agence France-Presse , Bosire rubbed powerful individuals in Kenya the wrong way with his blog , where he wrote about scandals involving celebrities and corruption in the corridors of power .
Prior to his disappearance , Bosire had been threatened multiple times and his website suffered at least one digital attack . He was last seen on September 18 , 2013 . His family says they have given up hope of finding him alive .
Bosire was known for his coverage of the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) case against president Uhuru Kenyatta and his deputy William Ruto , which focused on alleged government involvement in post-election violence in 2007-08 . On October 8 , 2014 Kenyatta became the first head of state to appear before the court . On 5 December 2014 , the ICC withdrew the charges against the Kenyan president saying that the Kenyan government had refused to hand over evidence vital to the case .
Bosire was accused of exposing the identities of prosecution witnesses at the ICC and was considered an ally of president Uhuru Kenyatta because of the tone of his coverage.Since his disappearance , many rumors and conspiracy theories have circulated regarding what really happened to the blogger . Various rumors surrounding his fate have spread online . Some say he fled to the Democratic Republic of Congo . A few have even claimed that affiliates of the ICC have something to do with his disappearance .
Strangely , his Twitter account remained active for some time after his disappearance . Kenya Today 's Moser Keror noted that Bosire disappearance will remain of one of the mysteries of Uhuru Kenyatta 's administration .
# WhereIsBogonkoBosire trended for four hours on June 7 , 2015 . Cyprian noted that the Kenyan president has not made any public comment about his disappearance :
President Uhuru is yet to make any comment about Bogonko Bosire 's disappearance . # WhereIsBogonkoBosire pic.twitter.com/8bXzCvKwvx — Cyprian , Is Nyakundi ( @ C_NyaKundiH ) June 7 , 2015
Kenya ni Kwetu acknowledged the blogger 's intelligence :
Bogonko Bosire was an intelligent , talented — if not sometimes controversial journalist . # WhereIsBogonkoBosire — Kenya ni Kwetu ( @ NotInKenya ) June 7 , 2015
Dean David Dean made reference to Nyayo House , where former president Daniel Arap Moi 's regime kept torture chambers for government critics :
@ C_NyaKundiH # WhereIsBogonkoBosire can some one check nyayo house it might be active you know kanu is in power right ! — dean david dean ( @ DAnachoni ) June 7 , 2015
Many noted the persisting intrigue surrounding his case :
I smell too many intrigues surrounding his mysterious disappearance that needs to be unearthed. # WhereIsBogonkoBosire — Cornelius Motanya ( @ am_motanya ) June 7 , 2015
For now , his disappearance still remains a mystery .
When we think about frugality , many of us consider the here and now .
However , it does n't hurt to consider that you might need to be frugal during retirement as well .
While many of us hope to be able to forget about frugality during our golden years , the truth is that you never know what will happen in the future to create uncertainty in your finances .
It makes sense to be prepared to live frugally in retirement , if the need should arise .
Here are 5 things to keep in mind as you prepare your retirement finances :
1 . Downsize
The bigger your lifestyle in retirement , the more it will cost to maintain it .
Even if you have your home paid off , there are downsides to a larger abode . A larger house usually means higher utilities and property taxes . Additionally , you have to worry about maintenance and repairs . If your home is an older one , there is a good chance that you will need to pay for expensive repairs . And , as you age ( or travel the world ) , you will need help keeping your home maintained , from the yard to housecleaning .
All of this costs money .
Whether you have a larger home , or multiple cars , having a bigger lifestyle can drain your nest egg . If you are concerned about how long your nest egg will last , and you want to reduce costs , one of the best ways to do so is to downsize . Consider your needs , and what your make for a comfortable retirement . Start out your retirement with a smaller lifestyle , and your frugality in this area will allow you to use your money on items that might be more important to you in the long run .
2 . Reduce Your Obligations
Few things can ruin your retirement like debt .
Reduce your obligations so that you have fewer demands on your retirement income . Try to pay off credit card debt , car loans , and even your mortgage before you retire . Create a financial plan that allows you to become debt free by the time you retire .
Paying interest drains your wealth , and can lead to a less than successful retirement if you are n't careful .
On top of that , it helps to avoid entering into long-term commitments just prior to retirement , or during retirement . Keep your finances flexible by avoiding entanglements that can tie them up .
3 . Consider Which Expenses You Can Cut
Another part of frugal living — in retirement or out of retirement — knows which expenses you can cut .
While you do n't want to cut down to the bone if you do n't have to , you should still be prepared to make cuts . In uncertain times , it might become necessary to cut your withdrawal rate , reducing how much money you have have coming in each month . Consider , ahead of time , which items you are likely to be fine without . Prioritize your spending , and consider spending money only on the things you really need , or truly enjoy .
Indeed , your frugal retirement can ensure that your money lasts as long as you do , even if you end up needing long-term care , or you have other expensive needs . Know what 's important to you , and cut out the other items . You 'll enjoy your retirement more , and your money will go further .
4 . Take Care of Your Health
No matter your age , one of the best things you can do for a frugal retirement is to take care of your health . You might want to travel in retirement , but how can you if you do n't have good health ?
Health problems can also cause a lot of expense .
If you make an effort to live healthy now , eating better and exercising , chances are that you will have a less expensive retirement later . You wo n't need to spend as much on prescriptions , or on doctor visits .
While there is no way to completely guarantee that you will never have sickness , or get cancer , you can reduce your chances of health problems . A healthy body is a less expensive body , and as you age your health becomes more important . Your money will last longer if you have better health . Do what you can to stay as active as possible , and stave off disease through better lifestyle choices .
5 . Look for Other Sources of Income
You can improve your retirement finances with the help of alternative income sources . Consider building an income portfolio right now , so that it is there later .
You can also consider part-time work during retirement . Many seniors feel lost when they quit their jobs . You can assuage these feelings with a part-time job that can also help you reduce your reliance on your nest egg .
There are also other options , such as the Peace Corps , and other programs that can provide you with the opportunity for frugal travel and living , as well as ( possibly ) a small stipend . Consider these types of options , as they can help you save ( and even earn ) money while still enjoying a fulfilling retirement .
What suggestions do you have to be frugal in retirement ?
This article is from the archive of our partner .
A New York Times/CBS News poll released Thursday evening puts into perspective just how upset Americans are over the handling of the debt crisis by Congress . Michael Cooper and Megan Thee-Brenan report :
A record 82 percent of Americans now disapprove of the way Congress is handling its job — the most since The Times first began asking the question in 1977 , and even more than after another political stalemate led to a shutdown of the federal government in 1995 . More than four out of five people surveyed said that the recent debt ceiling debate was more about gaining political advantage than about doing what is best for the country . Nearly three-quarters said that the debate had harmed the image of the United States in the world .
Other relevant numbers include a 72 percent disapproval rating for Republicans ' handling of negotiations , 66 percent disapproval for Democrats and a 47 percent disapproval rating for the president . White House correspondent for The Huffington Post Sam Stein calls that final figure `` the best-of-worst news '' for the president and his staff .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
BEIRUT , Feb 8 - It was an extraordinary moment in the history of the Islamic Republic .
Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad talks during a news conference at the end of his visit to Cairo , February 7 , 2013 . REUTERS/Asmaa Waguih
Live on state radio , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and parliamentary speaker Ali Larijani exchanged insult after insult in the assembly chamber last Sunday as shocked lawmakers shouted their disapproval .
The stormy session peaked when Ahmadinejad aired a video showing Larijani 's brother Fazel allegedly seeking a bribe in exchange for political favours from one of Ahmadinejad 's closest allies , former Tehran prosecutor Saeed Mortazavi .
But the real struggle that played out amid the accusations and posturing pits Ahmadinejad against the man at the top of the system in Iran - Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
In late October , Khamenei warned that any top officials from the three branches of the state who bickered publicly , particularly in the lead-up to a presidential election in June , would be guilty of treason .
Ahmadinejad , approaching the end of his second term and unable to run again straight away but keen to protect his legacy and his welfare , has ignored that warning this month .
“ To openly challenge Khamenei publicly is unprecedented . It will have long-term repercussions . It shows that Khamenei does not have the authority he once did , ” said Abbas Milani , director of the Iranian Studies program at Stanford University .
“ Neither of the previous two presidents ever publicly defied Khamenei the way Ahmadinejad has . ”
For Khamenei and his powerful supporters in the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps ( IRGC ) , each brazen challenge from the president not only erodes their political authority but also tarnishes the image of the Islamic Republic .
The accusations of financial impropriety and corruption among top government officials comes at a time when economic sanctions , imposed by Western powers seeking curbs on Tehran 's nuclear program , are biting hard in Iran and millions of ordinary Iranians are struggling to make ends meet .
The impression that top government officials are embezzling money rather than addressing the needs of the masses could lead to unrest , analysts say .
“ Khamenei is afraid that with the bad economic situation , the economic disgruntlement could turn into political disgruntlement , ” said Mehdi Khalaji , a senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy .
Instead of following the government line and blaming Western sanctions for their economic woes , people might start to blame the politicians : “ This is a big worry for him , ” Khalaji said .
RETIREMENT PLANS
At stake for Ahmadinejad is not only his political legacy for the two terms he served as president but also his welfare and the welfare of a tight-knit circle of political allies once he leaves office .
Many of his top allies face serious legal charges and could serve jail time . Some have already gone to jail .
Ahmadinejad himself could face charges because of his behavior in parliament this week .
Last Tuesday , judiciary head Sadeq Larijani , the brother of the parliament speaker , held an emergency meeting with the Supreme Leader , according to Fars News , a semi-official news outlet linked to the Revolutionary Guards .
In a meeting with judiciary officials the following day , Sadeq said that he considered Ahmadinejad 's actions to be a crime but he would not pursue the issue for now at the behest of the Supreme Leader .
“ Even though the accusations of the president toward the judges of the judiciary , the representatives of parliament and the heads of the branches were lies , defamatory and against all legal standards , which I consider a crime , I will keep quiet for now in the interests of the regime and to adhere to the orders of the Supreme Leader , ” Sadeq said , according to Fars News .
“ And at another time I will speak about the details of this matter , ” he added . Sadeq went on to say that he would expose the “ economic , ideological and operational corruption ” of Ahmadinejad 's allies .
REFORMIST CLASH
The roots of the conflict go back to the 2009 presidential election when tens of thousands of Iranians poured into the streets to dispute Ahmadinejad 's victory over reformist candidate Mirhossein Mousavi .
At the time , the Supreme Leader faced a stark choice : support Ahmadinejad or cast him aside . Khamenei chose to go all in . What followed was a bloody crackdown , which led to the deaths of dozens of protesters and the jailing of hundreds more .
Even though Khamenei sacrificed enormous political capital to keep Ahmadinejad in power , he got little loyalty back .
In the spring of 2011 , Ahmadinejad dismissed intelligence minister Heydar Moslehi , a close ally of the Supreme Leader . Within days , Khamenei intervened and reinstated Moslehi , leading Ahmadinejad to boycott cabinet meetings for over a week .
After the feud spilled out into the open , Khamenei loyalists went after Ahmadinejad and arrested more than a dozen officials linked to his controversial former chief-of-staff and key adviser Esfandiar Rahim Mashaie .
The pressure kept building .
In the autumn of 2011 , Ahmadinejad 's opponents tried to link Mashaie to a $ 2.6-billion dollar embezzlement scandal , the largest in Iranian history , and he could still face charges in that case . Last September , Ahmadinejad 's top media adviser , Ali Akbar Javanfekr , was jailed for printing articles critical of the law which mandates the Islamic veil for women in Iran .
And just this week Mortazavi , the notorious Tehran prosecutor once dubbed the “ Butcher of the Press ” by reformist critics in Iran for his role in jailing dozens of journalists , was arrested and sent to the Evin prison , a facility where he had sent many others .
He was taken in on charges of financial corruption , Fars News said . Mortazavi , now at liberty again , also faces criminal charges over the deaths of protesters at the Kahrizak prison in the crackdown following the disputed 2009 election .
If Ahmadinejad loses his struggle with Khamenei , these allies will go down with him , analysts say .
“ When Ahmadinejad 's term as president is finished , the judiciary will go after them one by one , ” said Khalaji . “ Ahmadinejad knows that if he becomes a former president who is marginalized and without any power , all of his key people will be wiped out . ”
INSURANCE POLICY
So far , Ahmadinejad 's main tool in fighting back has been the political dirt he has dug up and threatened to use on his rivals , a tactic he has employed often with great effect , and which his critics have dubbed “ begam begam ” , which roughly translates as “ I 'll tell , I 'll tell . ”
After the clash in parliament last Sunday , one Ahmadinejad ally at the Ministry of Interior said that there were 1,000 more damaging documents that the president could reveal , according to reports in the local media .
“ He wants to make it extremely costly for the regime , if not prohibitively costly for the regime , to go after him and his coterie , ” said Milani at Stanford .
And the best way to protect himself and his group is not only to intimidate rivals with secret files and documents but also to keep some of his people in the government if he can , analysts say .
Ahmadinejad has long backed his key adviser Mashaie , who is also a relative - Mashaie 's daughter is married to Ahmadinejad 's son - as a possible successor as president .
But Mashaie is loathed by many hardliners for his controversial statements , such as a 2008 comment that Iranians and Israelis were friends . It is unlikely that he could pass the stringent vetting process to stand for election .
Still , Ahmadinejad could try to bring his supporters into the street to get a candidate of his choosing in the running . After the arrest of Mortazavi earlier this week , some 50 Ahmadinejad supporters protested in front of the judiciary offices , according to local media reports .
While the chances of an Ahmadinejad-endorsed candidate getting on to the ballot are slim , it is even less likely that any candidate from the reformist camp will be allowed to run . The top two reformist candidates from the 2009 election , Mousavi and Mehdi Karoubi , have been under house arrest for two years , accused of fomenting unrest after the vote .
Khamenei and the Revolutionary Guards are likely to keep a close eye on the vetting process for candidates and voting in this presidential election because of the high stakes , analysts say : “ This will be the most rigged election in the history of the Islamic Republic , ” said Khalaji .
In the feud between the president and the Supreme Leader , a potential role of arbiter is filled to some extent by the Revolutionary Guards , who control vast swathes of the economy and are the most powerful security force in the country .
For now , the Guards have not entered the fray but they might , especially if there is unrest in the upcoming elections .
In an interview with the Qanoun newspaper in mid-January , Revolutionary Guard commander Nasser Shabani said the Guards expected unrest linked to the elections to start from provincial towns rather than Tehran - unrest which could start with grass roots complaints , but which the Guards had already warned potential candidates not to stir up .
Shabani also issued a stark warning to Ahmadinejad .
“ Ahmadinejad , for all the good he could have done , is transforming from an opportunity into a threat to the regime , unfortunately . This is an important point , ” he said , according to the Qanoun interview .
“ Overall we must pray that his fate turns out well . And that he returns and boards the ship of the revolution . ”
Beijing 's push for overseas influence extends to the education sector , with the opening of Xiamen University outside Kuala Lumpur
Near the classrooms at the original Xiamen University in China , there is a pleasant hill and lake . So , when the government-owned institution set out to build the first ever large-scale international branch of a Chinese university , an hour outside of Kuala Lumpur , they found a hill and built a lake .
“ We would like to keep some aspects of our parent university , because it is part of the tradition and culture , ” said Wang Ruifang , president of Xiamen University Malaysia . “ We would like to give our students space to think . ”
Chinese university to open in Oxford despite ideological crackdown at home Read more
Workers are still digging holes in the ground around the new lake as the ambitious $ 300m dollar project continues to transform 150 acres of Malaysian countryside from palm trees and grazing cows into a state-of- the-art educational facility , complete with swimming pool and tennis courts .
While the surroundings are still being worked on , China has already opened the doors to the newest component of its global outreach strategy , building a fully functional international university to compete with long-standing American , British , and Australian offerings . The first batch of students at XMU Malaysia is already working towards graduation .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A labourer works on completing the campus . Photograph : Vincent Bevins
Yu Heng Yuen , a 20-year-old finance student on the way to the gym on a recent Saturday , said attending XMU was originally his father 's idea .
“ It 's a famous university in China , and we figure there would be some advantage to being in the first international class , ” he said . He likes the place , and he likes his job prospects . “ I figure I can look for a job here , or in China , or even better , in Singapore . ”
Like most of the students , Yu Heng is a Malaysian of ethnic Chinese descent who was educated in the country 's Chinese-language schools . Out of current enrolment of 1,900 , there are also 440 students from China .
The students study in English and mostly converse in Chinese languages . For now , Malay – the language of around 60 % of the population – is confined mostly to campus staff working in convenience stories and serving student meals in cavernous dining halls , but officials hope to attract more Malay students as time goes on .
Xiong Bingqi , an education expert from Shanghai 's Jiaotong University , said Chinese universities had been opening overseas branches – albeit far smaller ones – for several years .
The first such school - Soochow University in Laos ' capital Vientiane - opened its doors in 2012 , while Shanghai 's Tongji University cut the ribbon on a small campus in Florence in 2014 offering short-term courses in subjects such as art , design , architecture and fashion .
Earlier this year , one of China 's top universities , Peking University , announced it had bought a 19th century manor in Oxford and would open a branch of its HSBC Business School there in 2018 .
Xiong said the Malaysian project was part of a wider Chinese push for global influence known as Beijing 's “ going global ” strategy .
By opening campuses abroad , “ these universities hope to enhance their overseas influence and to compete in international higher education . And the government thinks it is a good way to export Chinese soft power , ” said Xiong who is also the vice-president of China 's 21st Century Education Research Institute .
Xiong said he hoped the presence of Chinese universities overseas might help accelerate the reform of its domestic education system as Chinese schools learned from their foreign competitors . But Xiong said he also feared many such campuses were little more than “ image projects ” that might not be financially sustainable or be able to offer high-quality programs .
“ There 's nothing wrong with [ these schools ] ‘ going global ' . But we are more interested in their real impact rather than all the hyped-up rhetoric . ”
For the moment , XMU Malaysia is focused on finishing its construction , boosting the student body to 5,000 by 2020 , and making back their sizeable investment . Any profits will be poured back into XMU Malaysia , never repatriated , University president Wang said . Starting at about $ 5,000 per year , tuition here is less than UK and Australian competitors , but a bit more than Malaysian private universities .
Malaysia was a natural fit for the expansion , Wang said , not only because of active government cooperation , but because Tan Kah Kee , the founder of Xiamen , originally made his fortune in British Malaya , modern-day Malaysia and Singapore . The architectural style named after him , which mixes
Western and traditional Chinese elements , are being faithfully reproduced here .
“ We think of this as historic , ” Wang said , speaking of bringing Xiamen 's educational offerings back to where its founder started . “ It is indeed important for us to get the investment back , but we would like to take a longer view and give it more time . XMU did not establish XMU Malaysia to make money . ”
Additional reporting by Wang Zhen in Beijing
Dell
Apple
A new Apple patent may signal legal wrangling ahead for the Windows laptop wedge design crowd -- which means pretty much every major PC maker on the planet .
Apple 's patent No . D661,296 S is described as `` the ornamental design for an electronic device '' and shows about a dozen images ( PDF ) of wedge-shaped Apple MacBook Air-like designs .
The Verge/United States Patent and Trademark Office
The patent documentation states that `` the broken lines are for the purpose of illustrating portions of the electronic device and form no part of the claimed design , '' as The Verge points out .
So that seems to exclude aspects of a laptop 's external design that are not material to the wedge contour itself such as a unique hinge component .
Of course , all this hinges on ( pun intended ) how aggressively Apple defends its patent : the wedge design is really an imperative for any ultrabook maker because the tapered design allows a laptop to be thicker where it needs to be -- e.g. , the back hinge -- and thinner at the front , economizing weight and average thickness .
And there are degrees of likeness to the wedged MacBook Air . Some ultrabooks have more of a likeness to the MacBook Air than others .
Also , do n't forget that it 's the newer MacBooks announced back in 2010 that have the most pronounced wedge design . Earlier versions of the Air had much more subtle tapering and `` wedge '' was not typically used to describe those 2008 and 2009 designs .
Asus
Click one of the gray buttons below to shop . Be sure to click the mobile device button ( top one ) if using a mobile device .
We ship by USPS Priority Mail in discreet packaging .
Conceal Handguns , Pistols or Revolvers ! $ 9 ships any order including multiple book purchases to anywhere in the USA !
Every handgunhideout is made in the USA from an actual book .
Handgunhideouts.com provides hollow books for handgun concealment made by cutting real books . We offer a wide variety of recycled books with hundreds of different titles available . Our gun hiding books keep pistols or revolvers hidden and available . A `` concealed carry holster '' for your home . Unlike mass produced fake hollow books on the market , every handgun hideout book is handcrafted in the USA from a real book . The pages are cut and bonded together , creating a stable , tactical hiding place for your defense weapon .
For more information about our gun hiding books contact us . Our experienced team will answer ordering questions or help you choose the size handgun hiding book you need . We look forward to hearing from you .
Material
IXXI is printed on high-quality synthetic paper with a matte finish . The cards are 0.33mms thick , do not warp and are water and UV resistant . Your IXXI is custom-made quality .
Prices and shipment
IXXI is available from € 29,95 ( 40 x 60 cm / 6 cards ) . The price of your IXXI is instantly shown in the first step of the design tool . Shipment starts at € 3,95 and your IXXI will be home delivered within 3 - 5 working days !
About IXXI
With IXXI you can easily create your own personal wall decoration in any size you want . This high-quality product , consisting of cards and connectors , offers endless possibilities in images , shape and size . Affordable - ánd Dutch - Design ! Check out our story here .
Want to know more ? Go to our FAQ .
During last night 's State of the Union address , President Obama stressed the urgency of reinstating the Emergency Unemployment Compensation program for long-term unemployed workers , which , in an unprecedented move , Congress allowed to expire last month . This federal program typically provided a maximum of 28 weeks of additional benefits to workers who lost a job , through no fault of their own , and had exhausted their regular state benefits but were still unable to find work . With the program 's expiration , more than 1.5 million jobless workers have already stopped receiving aid and more than 2 million more will exhaust their benefits by the end of this year .
Laid-off workers will now lose any support after only six months , the maximum duration of unemployment insurance benefits in most states . The map below shows the share of the unemployed who have been jobless for six months or more in each state . There are 28 states , plus the District of Columbia , where more than a third of the unemployed have been jobless for six months or more . In New Jersey ( 46.6 percent ) , the District of Columbia ( 46.6 percent ) , and Florida ( 46.2 percent ) , nearly half of the unemployed are long-term unemployed .
With long-term unemployment still at record levels , Congress ' failure to renew this program is shocking ; long-term unemployment benefits have never been cut off before with long-term unemployment so high . The highest the national long-term unemployment share ever reached prior to the Great Recession was 26 percent in June of 1983 . Currently , there are 41 states ( plus the District of Columbia ) with long-term unemployment shares above 26 percent .
Health insurance premiums for the nearly 150 million people who get family health insurance through employers rose an `` extraordinarily modest '' 3 percent in 2014 , a new report released Wednesday shows .
The increase in premium prices barely outpaced average increases in workers ' wages and general inflation , which were 2.3 percent and 2 percent , respectively , noted the survey released by the Kaiser Family Foundation and the Health Research & Educational Trust . But that report also underscored the now-strong trend of employees ' shouldering a bigger share of total premium costs , and being on the hook for more out-of-pocket medical costs than they were a decade ago .
Read MoreObamacare 's bill to small-business : Big
Premiums for a plan that cover an employee and their family now average $ 16,834 annually , with employers footing around 70 percent of that bill on average , according to the survey . Workers thus were forking out an average of $ 4,823 each year for their share of their family plan 's premium .
Highway to Hitler
NBER Working Paper No . 20150
Issued in May 2014 , Revised in January 2019
NBER Program ( s ) : Public Economics , Political Economy
Can autocracies win electoral support by showcasing economic competence ? We analyze a famous case – the building of the Autobahn network in Nazi Germany . Using newly collected data , we show that highway construction was effective in boosting popular support , helping to entrench the Nazi dictatorship . Direct economic benefits such as declining unemployment near construction sites are unlikely to explain the increase in pro-Nazi votes . In addition , Nazi propaganda used the Autobahn as a powerful symbol of successful economic policy , putting an effective end to austerity – so that many Germans credited the Nazi regime for the economic recovery . In line with this interpretation , we show that support for the Nazis increased even more where highway construction coincided with greater radio availability – a major source of propaganda . The effect of highways was also significantly stronger in politically unstable states of the Weimar Republic . Our results suggest that infrastructure spending can raise support for autocracy when voters are led to associate it with visible economic progress and an end to political instability .
Supplementary materials for this paper :
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC , RIS , BibTeX
Document Object Identifier ( DOI ) : 10.3386/w20150
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded * these :
The strained relationship between India and Pakistan witnessed a new twist last week when Delhi Police claimed that a staffer at the visa department in the Pakistan High Commission 's office in New Delhi had led them to an espionage network .
The Pakistani man , identified as Mehmood Akhtar , was detained briefly and released after a round of questioning , with the police citing diplomatic immunity .
Several documents pertaining to army and paramilitary troop locations were said to have been found in his possession .
He was soon declared persona non grata and asked to leave India .
FS summons Pak High Commissioner to convey that Pak High Commission staffer has been declared persona non grata for espionage activities — Vikas Swarup ( @ MEAIndia ) October 27 , 2016
More arrests followed as four men said to be Akhtar 's associates were apprehended .
But the real twist in the tale was something else .
Akhtar had apparently first produced an Aadhaar document with his photograph , which identified him as Mehboob Rajput , son of Hasan Ali , residing at 2350 , Gali Near Madari , Rodgran Mohalla in Chandni Chowk .
The address was correct , police said , except that the house with this number is actually on GB Road , Delhi 's red light area , nearly a kilometre away . There is no Rodgran mohalla nor gali near Madari located in Chandni Chowk .
The Aadhaar document had clearly been obtained using fraudulent means , police concluded , once Akhtar 's identity as a Pakistani national was established .
“ We have written to the Unique Identification Authority of India but they are yet to respond on the matter , ” said Joint Commissioner of Delhi Police ( Crime Branch ) Ravindra Yadav .
Getting an Aadhaar number
“ He [ Akhtar ] often used to approach people who used to come to the visa department , '' said a police official who was privy to the investigation . `` This is how he came in contact with a person identified as Ashiq Ali . ”
“ Ali later introduced Akhtar to another man , Yaseer , who has helped him to acquire the Aadhaar number , ” the officer said . “ The only things that Akhtar gave Yaseer were a fake name and two passports sized photographs , and the rest was left to his imagination . ”
The police suspect the involvement of one or more Aadhaar operators employed with some enrolment agency – private bodies entrusted with the task of collecting the biometrics under the largely outsourced unique identity programme .
The incident gains prominence as earlier this month the Supreme Court of India referred to a larger bench all petitions challenging Aadhaar as an authenticating proof of identity and availing of social benefits by citizens that the central government is soon to notify through its gazette regulations approved by the UIDAI under the Aadhaar Act , 2016 .
“ The Pakistan spy 's fake Aadhaar number is only one case . There could be a thousand others , ” said Col ( retd ) Mathew Thomas , one of the first persons to file a civil suit against the UID system in 2011 . “ One has to see what kind of information these enrolment agencies are dealing with . There is nothing too shocking about the Pakistani spy having acquired an Aadhaar number through forged means . The entire process takes place with literally no cross verification . ”
Indeed , the weaknesses in the system have been exposed by media reports about Aadhar numbers being issued to Lord Hanuman and Tommy Singh , a dog , among others .
The Act says that any person who has lived in India for 182 days in one year preceding the date of application for enrolment is eligible for acquiring an Aadhaar number . All that is needed in addition is a designated introducer – no documentary proof of identity or address is required .
“ These provisions demand for a stricter verification process , which does not happen , ” said Prasanna S , a Delhi-based lawyer representing several petitioners challenging the unique identity programme at the Supreme Court . “ This is how we have so far come across Aadhaar numbers issued to Lord Hanuman and other fictitious characters . ”
In the 2014 case , the man who got enrolled as Hanuman had later claimed to be the victim of a technical glitch and told police that he did so after the system refused to accept his biometrics which he had already registered .
`` If Lord Hanuman can get an Aadhaar number , why ca n't a Pakistani spy ? '' Prasanna asked .
The roles of enrolment agencies have always been a subject of dispute ever since the UPA-led government started issuing Aadhaar numbers in 2010 under an executive order , pointed out lawyer Rahul Narayan , who is the counsel for several petitioners challenging the unique identification project in the Supreme Court .
“ What are the credentials of these people who shall deal with data of utmost privacy ? What is the guarantee that they will not misuse or leak those data ? These questions have often been taken up since the inception of the programme , ” Narayan said .
Days before the Lok Sabha elections in 2014 , Narendra Modi had called the Aadhaar project a political gimmick with no vision . Two years down the line , the project has fired the imagination of policy-makers who are convinced that biometrics is the best possible way to help the state in identifying and verifying beneficiaries of social welfare schemes , allow portability of benefits across states and enable administrators to link and track multiple databases at one go .
To expand enrolment under the scheme , the Centre has often asked the state government to ask residents to produce Aadhaar for a range of interactions with the state . These have ranged from employment in government schemes , participating in elections , opening bank accounts , registering for marriage to , more recently , adopting a child . The Supreme Court has had to intervene time and again in the past two years , passing orders saying that the Aadhaar number can not be a pre-condition for availing public services .
A forged Aadhaar number ?
“ Technically , there is no such thing as a forged Aadhaar number , ” said a former senior UIDAI officer who did not want to be identified . “ The unique identity is a combination of a set of biometrics with some basic details like name , address , date of birth , etc . What is often called a forged identity is actually a possible mismatch in the said combination . ”
Elaborating on the technicality , he further said , “ For instance , if a person acquires a driving license and a voter 's identity card through forged documents and then registers under the unique identity scheme , will that be considered a forged Aadhaar registration ? No , because the forgery took place at other points . ”
He further said , “ In the past two years , we have received thousands of enquiries from police across the country asking us to cross-verify what they considered forged Aadhaar documents and in most cases we landed in a similar situation . In many of those cases , probes were initiated and only on obtaining sufficient evidence to suggest that information produced by the enrolled person were wrong , we deactivated their accounts . ”
“ One has to be really cautious in dealing with such cases as the other person can also take up the matter in a court because to get a legitimate unique identity number is also his right . In one particular case , documents of a candidate whose papers were forwarded by the OSD [ Officer on Special Duty ] of a union minister had come under scrutiny ” he said .
However , the officer said that it is not very difficult to trace the background of a candidate under scrutiny because all documents submitted at the time of enrolment are uploaded in a central database .
On being asked about the role of enrolment agencies , he said that these private entities are approved by the headquarters and the machine operators working under them have to clear a test .
“ It is not that operators do not indulge in mischief . In past one year , nearly 200 operators were blacklisted . ”
The senior officer , however , could not recall any instance of having blacklisted any enrolment agency .
The New Jersey Devils and Prudential Center have announced a partnership with iHeartMedia New York to launch The One Jersey Sports and Entertainment Network , a first-of-its-kind digital platform featuring all live regular season Devils hockey games and original Devils and New Jersey entertainment programming . Fans can access The One Jersey Network through the Devils app and via iHeartRadio , iHeartMedia 's all-in-one digital music and live streaming radio service , which is available across 90 unique device platforms spanning in-home entertainment , wearables , gaming , mobile and auto .
Starting with the November 6 Devils vs. Hurricanes game at 6 p.m. , The One Jersey Network will exclusively carry 23 Devils games during the 2016-17 regular season featuring rivalry matchups with the New York Rangers ( Dec. 11 and Dec. 18 ) , Philadelphia Flyers ( Dec. 22 , Jan. 21 , Mar . 16 and Apr . 4 ) and the New York Islanders ( Apr . 8 ) . All remaining Devils game this season will be simulcast on The One Jersey Network and the Devils ' broadcast radio partner WFAN . A complete radio and digital schedule is listed below .
`` This is an exciting moment for Devils fans , and sports and entertainment fans across New Jersey , as we debut an innovative platform that will provide access to the team and arena like never before , '' said Hugh Weber , President , New Jersey Devils and Prudential Center . `` Backed by iHeartMedia 's industry-leading technology and our robust plan for original content , we believe The One Jersey Network will be a must-listen-to provider for New Jersey consumers . ''
Original programming on The One Jersey Network will include exclusive live and on-demand content from the Devils and Prudential Center featuring Devils coaches , players , alumni and fans ; Devils , sports , entertainment , community and cultural podcasts ; and diverse , world-class New Jersey-focused entertainment content from The Rock - the home of New Jersey sports and entertainment . The network will showcase prominent New Jersey personalities , journalists and up-and-coming talent from around the Garden State . A full programming schedule will be announced at a later date .
`` We are excited about this new relationship with the Prudential Center and the New Jersey Devils , '' said Scott Hopeck , President of New York Region for iHeartMedia . `` Through this partnership we are able to provide our listeners local access to New Jersey Devils digital game broadcasts and to exclusive Devils content available whenever and wherever they want it . ''
Devils Remaining 2016-17 Radio/Digital Schedule ( All Time Eastern ) Date Opponent Time Broadcast Sun , Nov 6 @ Carolina 6:00 PM TOJN Tue , Nov 8 vs Carolina 7:00 PM TOJN Fri , Nov 11 @ Buffalo 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sat , Nov 12 vs Buffalo 7:00 PM TOJN Tue , Nov 15 @ Dallas 8:30 PM TOJN/WFAN Thu , Nov 17 @ Anaheim 10:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sat , Nov 19 @ Los Angeles 4:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Mon , Nov 21 @ San Jose 10:30 PM TOJN/WFAN Wed , Nov 23 vs Toronto 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Fri , Nov 25 vs Detroit 7:30 PM TOJN/WFAN Sat , Nov 26 @ Pittsburgh 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Tue , Nov 29 @ Winnipeg 8:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Thu , Dec 1 @ Chicago 8:30 PM TOJN Sat , Dec 3 @ Nashville 2:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Tue , Dec 6 vs Vancouver 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Thu , Dec 8 @ Montreal 7:30 PM TOJN/WFAN Fri , Dec 9 vs St. Louis 7:30 PM TOJN/WFAN Sun , Dec 11 @ NY Rangers 7:00 PM TOJN Thu , Dec 15 @ St. Louis 8:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sat , Dec 17 @ Ottawa 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sun , Dec 18 @ NY Rangers 7:30 PM TOJN/WFAN Tue , Dec 20 vs Nashville 7:00 PM TOJN Thu , Dec 22 vs Philadelphia 7:00 PM TOJN Fri , Dec 23 @ Pittsburgh 7:00 PM TOJN Tue , Dec 27 vs Pittsburgh 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Thu , Dec 29 @ Washington 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sat , Dec 31 vs Washington 1:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Mon , Jan 2 vs Boston 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Tue , Jan 3 @ Carolina 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Fri , Jan 6 vs Toronto 7:30 PM TOJN Sat , Jan 7 vs Edmonton 7:00 PM TOJN Mon , Jan 9 vs Florida 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Thu , Jan 12 @ Edmonton 9:00 PM TOJN Fri , Jan 13 @ Calgary 9:00 PM TOJN Sun , Jan 15 @ Vancouver 7:00 PM TOJN Tue , Jan 17 @ Minnesota 8:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Fri , Jan 20 vs Montreal 7:30 PM TOJN Sat , Jan 21 @ Philadelphia 7:00 PM TOJN Tue , Jan 24 vs Los Angeles 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Thu , Jan 26 vs Washington 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Tue , Jan 31 @ Detroit 7:30 PM TOJN/WFAN Fri , Feb 3 vs Calgary 7:30 PM TOJN Sat , Feb 4 @ Columbus 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Mon , Feb 6 vs Buffalo 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sun , Feb 12 vs San Jose 12:30 PM TOJN/WFAN Tue , Feb 14 vs Colorado 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Thu , Feb 16 vs Ottawa 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sat , Feb 18 vs NY Islanders 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sun , Feb 19 @ NY Islanders 6:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Tue , Feb 21 vs Ottawa 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sat , Feb 25 vs NY Rangers 5:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Mon , Feb 27 vs Montreal 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Thu , Mar 2 @ Washington 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sat , Mar 4 @ Boston 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sun , Mar 5 vs Columbus 5:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Tue , Mar 7 @ Columbus 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Thu , Mar 9 @ Colorado 9:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sat , Mar 11 @ Arizona 8:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Tue , Mar 14 vs Winnipeg 7:00 PM TOJN Thu , Mar 16 vs Philadelphia 7:00 PM TOJN Fri , Mar 17 @ Pittsburgh 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sun , Mar 19 vs Columbus 1:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Tue , Mar 21 vs NY Rangers 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Thu , Mar 23 @ Toronto 7:30 PM TOJN/WFAN Sat , Mar 25 vs Carolina 7:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Sun , Mar 26 vs Dallas 5:00 PM TOJN/WFAN Fri , Mar 31 @ NY Islanders 7:30 PM TOJN/WFAN Sat , Apr 1 @ Philadelphia 7:00 PM TOJN Tue , Apr 4 vs Philadelphia 7:00 PM TOJN Thu , Apr 6 vs Pittsburgh 7:00 PM TOJN Sat , Apr 8 vs NY Islanders 6:00 PM TOJN Sun , Apr 9 @ Detroit 5:00 PM TOJN
Updated on Monday , December 7 , 2016 at 6:04 pm .
The following blog post , unless otherwise noted , was written by a member of Gamasutras community .
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company .
Making my puzzle game Norna has been formative for me as a Designer , and looking back there are 6 design lessons I will take with me into future projects .
1 . Do n't prejudice your design
Do n't force your game to be something it does n't want it to be - let it grow of its own accord . When you have a game idea , it 's natural for your imagination to go wild before having implemented anything . This is great for motivation , but it can also lead you down many dead ends .
2 . Pace the introduction of new ideas
Try not to introduce more than one new idea to the player at a time . You have to keep a check on the rate at which new ideas are introduced - you do n't want to introduce a new idea until the player is used to the last one , but you also do n't want to bore the player . This is especially difficult at the start of the game !
3 . Redundancy causes confusion
Players are constantly poking at a videogame to build their internal version of the game system . Having redundant mechanics or controls makes it harder for the player to form any clear idea of what the game is about . This is really about the pursuit of the most elegant design .
4 . Aesthetics need to be functional
There has to be a clear understanding of what the graphics and sound communicate about the design . These communication `` lines '' should n't be obfuscated or stepped on when final art and sound are added to the game . You want the graphics and audio to be beautiful , but you also want them to be functional .
5 . Work at interpreting playtest feedback
The player is giving you an account of the salient , subjective experiences during their playtest . It 's important to not take this feedback literally , but instead to think about why they are saying what they are saying in the context of the entire experience ( Hard ! ) .
6 . Design decisions can go out of date
Just because a design decision was once right , does n't mean it is still so after a year of development - after you 've introduced a bunch of other ideas . Allow yourself to re-evaluate previously-good design decisions .
More than half the residents of the Baltimore neighborhood at the center of ongoing unrest did n't have jobs between 2008 and 2012 , and nearly one-third of the residential properties in the area were vacant or abandoned in 2012 .
Christopher Ingraham from the Washington Post tweeted the shocking numbers for the Sandtown-Winchester/Harlem Park area , which come from a February 2015 report by the Justice Policy Institute and Prison Policy Initiative :
The neighborhood was the home of Freddie Gray , the 25-year-old black man who died on April 19 , a week after he was rushed to the hospital with a fatal spinal cord injury while under police custody .
Not only do residents in this neighborhood suffer from high unemployment , but they also have a median household income level ( $ 24,006 ) that 's far lower than the median in Baltimore ( $ 40,803 ) , and a violent crime rate ( 23 per 1,000 residents ) that tops the overall city ( 14.1 per 1,000 residents ) .
The numbers show that the anger in Baltimore may run deeper than the unanswered questions about how Gray was injured and whether the police officers who arrested him were responsible . They speak to a region in Baltimore that has been systemically failed not just by Baltimore police , who have been subject to allegations of brutality in the past , but by the economy as well .
Baltimore police are conducting an investigation into Gray 's death that 's expected to conclude on May 1 . So far , police have refused to release many details in the case — including how Gray received the spinal cord injury and whether the police officers who arrested him caused it .
With few answers , Baltimore has been roiled by escalating protests since Gray 's arrest . Riots broke out on Monday , April 27 , after Gray 's funeral , when demonstrators began looting and throwing objects at police , injuring at least 15 officers . In response to the violence , Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake instituted a citywide 10 pm curfew that will last at least one week , starting on Wednesday , April 28 .
Watch : Why filming the police is so important
Hyper-Local SEO Services For Top Rankings in Google
If you are looking for a one-stop online marketing services , then check out all that we can do at Marketing Relationship our team of lead generation experts . Our services are driven by our in depth hands-on experience and a complete understanding of our clients marketing goals . We utilize our own brand of marketing tools and networks we have built up over the years . We are a full service Internet marketing and Search Engine Optimization services company that offers results driven packages to our customers . We help each and every client in today 's digital era stand out from the crowd . We specialize in all forms of digital media .
Marketing Relationship SEO delivers results , not just statistics and numbers . You need an agency that specializes in every area of internet marketing . We specialize in paid search , key words , local search , social media marketing and lead generation through social media , content creation , inbound links , and search engine marketing , as well as conversion optimization and web analytic since traffic means nothing unless it converts ! We combine the technical nature of lead generation and marketing along with the human and creative nature to create successful campaigns for each and every client .
Marketing Relationship has over 12 years of online experience with clients , assisting our clients with online marketing , SEO and lead generation services . We have an extensive background in online marketing , search engine optimization , on page optimization , link building , content marketing , paid search marketing ( PPC / SEM ) , squeeze pages , on site and off site SEO , content creation & optimization . We even take care of Social Media Marketing !
Expert SEO Services to get your website ranked in Bing , Google and Yahoo
For most clients , we start by accessing your web presence and your website layout and incoming or inbound links to get a complete picture of your overall marketing strategy . We then analyze your web traffic and conversion stats to create a picture of your current and prospective consumer base . We also analyze your websites content much the same way that Google and the other major SE 's do , as well as your previous paid advertising . After this through analysis we then create a customized online marketing action plan which is suited to your stated goals . Each and every customer gets personalized attention and a customized action plan to deliver the results that you expect . All work is done in house , we never send out work to other countries such as India , instead we rely on our in house team of SEO and marketing experts .
SEO services and the work that it entails can be a very time intensive effort , but the results are well worth the time , effort and money . Search Engine optimization is constantly changing , and very little marketing and SEO companies can keep pace with these constant changes . What worked a month ago could destroy your ranking today , which is why you need true experts at your side that have years of time tested results to back up their claims . Good marketing , lead generation and SEO goes well beyond mere keywords and data analysis , with Lead Generation Experts we apply a holistic approach to SEO and marketing that takes into account all aspects of your website , services , products , demographics and goals and we combine this into our overall action plan to deliver you action filled results .
If potential customers and clients are not finding your website , you have a problem . Our team of experts will help to increase your SERPs and deliver brand awareness to the masses online so that new customers will find your website and the products and services you offer . We can attract new customers to your site by making changes to your web site , online press releases , search engine submissions , and link building , increasing the reach of your website online , and organic search SEO to deliver you the results that you expect . We can even help to deliver you highly targeted traffic that converts to sales via Search Engine Marketing and cost effective PPC campaigns to increase your overall ROI .
We also help our clients to create a buzz online with viral content and campaigns , using word of mouth to drive traffic to your website through a variety of methods including using our mastery of social media to deliver highly targeted traffic to your website . We use attention getting videos and content to get people talking about the products and services you offer . The content we push gets spread through mail , blogs , social networking sites , and more . Social and Viral marketing lead generation can be accomplished on a very moderate budget and deliver results due to the quality of the leads it provides .
We help each and every customer to maximize the number of leads and sales while minimizing your total expenditures . If you are looking to build long term internet marketing profitability , we can help . Lead Generation Experts services helps to provide you with more traffic and greater profits .
Sure it 's been around since March of 2011 , but the voyage of The Stinger , a specially constructed Indy car commissioned by Window World Cares to benefit St. Jude Children 's Research is nearing the end of one road and the start of another .
The Stinger , a modern interpretation of the 1911 Mormon Wasp that won the first running of the Indianapolis 500 , is a later-day Indy car Dallara chassis and body dressed in the distinctive yellow colors that signified the Mormon Wasp . Since being commissioned in 2011 it has traveled throughout the United States , gaining signatures from each living Indianapolis 500 starter . For each autograph , Window World has donated $ 189 to St. Jude 's - and the number is edging toward 250 of 274 living Indy 500 starters .
To date this campaign has raised close to $ 50,000 through signatories as it has traveled these United States . The signatures include 29 winners of the Greatest Spectacle in Racing .
Now the No . 100 Stinger has yet another trip to take - to auction .
How can you buy it ?
Mecum Auctions will sell the car during its annual May five-day auction at the Indianapolis State Fairgrounds . All proceeds directly benefit St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital . The auction is held May 12-16 ; Window World announced the coming auction of The Stinger during Mecum 's late January auction at Kissimmee , Florida .
Window World Cares , a charity begun by company owner Tammy Whitworth and her late husband Tom , provides direct funding for St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital , has raised more than $ 4.85 million directly benefiting this great charity .
Former D & R car
Window World driver , spokesperson and the instigator of this project , John Andretti ( together with Andretti Autosport and Window World ) acquired the Dallara chassis from the Dreyer & Reinbold Indy car team before the 2011 season . He has nurtured the car to its current show-car state and it 's ready to find a new home . It was initially shown , before the drive to gain signatures began , during the 100th anniversary of the Indy 500 in 2011 .
The Stinger will have a new home , courtesy of the generosity of someone who recognizes the needs of sick children and who cherishes the legendary Indianapolis 500 , shortly before the 99th running of this great American race , which celebrates its 100th running in May of 2016 .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- Fess Parker , best known for playing Daniel Boone in a 1960s television series , died Thursday at his home near Santa Barbara , California , his publicist said . He was 85 .
Parker followed his acting career with successful hotel and winery ventures around Santa Barbara .
A statement issued by his family did not reveal the cause of death .
Parker is survived by his wife of 50 years , Marcella , their son and daughter , 11 grandchildren and one great-grandchild who `` spent a great deal of time with Fess in his final months and weeks , '' the statement said .
A native of Texas , Parker served in the U.S. Navy during World War II before graduating from the University of Texas-Austin in 1950 .
He moved to Los Angeles in the early 1950s to pursue acting .
Walt Disney cast Parker in the lead role of `` Davy Crockett , King of the Wild Frontier , '' co-starring Buddy Ebsen . He followed that with several more Disney films , including `` Davy Crockett and the River Boat Pirates , '' `` The Great Locomotive Chase '' and `` Smoky . ''
His TV career took off in 1964 with the title role in NBC 's `` Daniel Boone , '' which aired for for six seasons .
When the series ended in 1970 , Parker became a real estate developer in Santa Barbara .
`` After successfully opening three high-end mobile home parks , the 360-room Fess Parker Doubletree Resort opened in 1985 , '' the family statement said . `` It is one of the most successful hotels on the Santa Barbara waterfront . ''
Parker and his family also opened Fess Parker Winery on the Foxen in Los Olivos , California .
CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .
PEGGY NOONAN : A Catastrophe Like No Other : The president tries to put a good face on ObamaCare .
Support it or not , you can not look at ObamaCare and call it anything but a huge , historic mess . It is also utterly unique in the annals of American lawmaking and government administration .
Its biggest proponent in Congress , the Democratic speaker of the House , literally said—blithely , mindlessly , but in a way forthcomingly—that we have to pass the bill to find out what 's in it . It is a cliché to note this . But really , Nancy Pelosi 's statement was a historic admission that she was fighting hard for something she herself did n't understand , but she had every confidence regulators and bureaucratic interpreters would tell her in time what she 'd done . This is how we make laws now .
Her comments alarmed congressional Republicans but inspired Democrats , who for the next three years would carry on like blithering idiots making believe they 'd read the bill and understood its implications . They were later taken aback by complaints from their constituents . The White House , on the other hand , seems to have understood what the bill would do , and lied in a way so specific it showed they knew exactly what to spin and how . “ If you like your health-care plan , you can keep your health-care plan , period. ” “ If you like your doctor , you can keep your doctor , period. ” That of course was the president , misrepresenting the facts of his signature legislative effort . That was historic , too . If you liked your doctor , your plan , your network , your coverage , your deductible you could not keep it . Your existing policy had to pass muster with the administration , which would fight to the death to ensure that 60-year-old women have pediatric dental coverage .
At a Microsoft Financial Analyst meeting yesterday , Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer demonstrated , yet again , that he still does n't get , or perhaps is unwilling to admit , why people are ditching PC 's and flocking to the Mac in droves .
While looking out into a sea of reporters and analysts , Ballmer noticed the number of computers sporting an illuminating Apple logo on the back and had to comment .
We have low share , by the way , in the investor audience . I can see the Apple logos versus the PC logos . So we have more work to do , more work to do . Our share is lower in this audience than the average audience . But do n't hide it . I 've already counted them . I have been doing that since we started talking . ( Laughter . ) … But anyway , that 's OK. Feel free as long as you 're using Office to go right on ahead .
Well you certainly ca n't fault him for not having a sense of humor .
But as Ballmer went on , his words slowly revealed a lack of appreciation for why Apple has been so successful and why Microsoft 's earnings are on a significant decline .
We do not , say , like Apple , believe in low volume , very high prices , very—Apple is a great company , does a fine job . But their model says high margin , high quality , high price . That 's kind of how they come to market . We say we want big market share . But with big market share , you take a lower price .
Ballmer and Microsoft 's focus on market share is so intense as to border on utter foolishness . What is the purpose of market share if you 're not making money ? Obviously , Microsoft is still a cash cow with revenue in the billions of dollars , but in order to increase share price for shareholders , revenue must increase and chart upwards . Maintaining a 90+ percent market share with low margin products does n't accomplish that .
Also , did anyone else notice that Microsoft talks about Apple 's high margin , high quality , high price products like it was a bad thing ? Microsoft wishes it had Apple 's margins but knows that comparably priced PC 's just would n't sell . So they 've seemingly convinced themselves that the battle is for market share , which I suppose would be fine if they were actually doing anything to improve on their market share position . But unfortunately for Microsoft , they 're losing that battle too ( in both the PC and smartphone market ) . During the last quarter PC sales declined by approximately 4 % . Apple , meanwhile , saw Mac growth come in at 4 % .
But Ballmer was just getting started . Soon thereafter Ballmer explained Apple 's success in the market as being the result of it 's hardware .
And at least when Apple attacks us , the primary attack that comes from Apple is , hey , at the end of the day , we have the coolest hardware . When you see the hardware , the PC designs that will come out this Christmas with Windows 7 , I think that conventional wisdom can begin to really change . There is some really amazing , amazing work . So it is possible to get great hardware innovation , even when hardware and software comes from separate companies .
Wow . Does anyone have the balls to tell the higher ups at Microsoft , since they ca n't figure it out by themselves apparently , that the primary reason people buy Macs is for the software ?
Apple undoubtedly has cool hardware , but you know what , so do a lot of other PC manufacturers . Not every PC may be up to snuff with Apple 's designs , but there are still good number of well-designed Sony Vaio and HP machines out there . But that 's just secondary . People do n't wander into Apple Stores , pick up a MacBook and say , “ Wow , this build quality is great ! I 'll take two ! ” . Rather , the hardware design and high build quality are just parts of an overall user experience that also includes the easy to use and extremely capable OS X . If it was all about the hardware , as Ballmer implies , then there would n't be a large number of consumers putting copies of OS X onto cheap and poorly built netbooks .
I do n't know if Microsoft is dumb or purposefully ignorant , but as a software maker , it 's taken the arrogant position that their software is on par with Apple and that the hardware makers Microsoft relies on are the ones to blame for shrinking PC sales . How convenient . Or as Tim Robbins character from The Shawshank Redemption , Andy Dufresne , might say , “ Since I 'm forced to use Windows OS at work , I find it decidedly inconvenient that Microsoft wo n't accept responsibility for its shoddy OS . ”
Microsoft 's woeful ignorance of its own OS is also plainly apparent in its “ Laptop Hunter ” ads where shoppers are making a strict price to price comparison . Mac users know that Apple products are more expensive . It 's been that way for as long as I can remember and it 's hardly a secret . Price is n't why consumers purchase Macs , so why would Microsoft waste time advertising how cheap its PC 's are ? Well , because in Microsoft 's mind , Windows is just as good , if not better , than OS X .
And therein lies the problem . Microsoft lives in a world where high market share = high quality , and that 's probably a lie they 've been telling themselves since the early 90 's , and that helps explain Ballmers obsession with market share . It 's a lot easier to announce and believe that you have a superior product if you have a high market share than it is to , oh I do n't know , actually put out a superior product .
For far too long now , Microsoft has been happy with the status quo and its insanely high market share , but they 've done absolutely nothing to warrant keeping that market share . And now that Mac sales are increasing at the expense of PC 's , MIcrosoft is in panic mode and quite frankly has no idea how to respond .
Hey everyone !
Join us for this week 's Turbulent Tuesday Casual Server Event :
Caravan Cliff Diving
Time for some over-the-cliff approaches this week at WMBT in Singapore . Hop in your favorite Caravan and come out for a laid back , slightly challenging event . Do some steep cliff approaches ending with a little cross-country flight afterwards to a different location . THIS IS A CARAVAN ONLY EVENT !
Be sure to share your pictures for a chance to have one shared on our Instagram page @ http : //instagram.com/infiniteflight
Event details :
• Casual Server ONLY
• Tuesday June 6 , 2017
• Event Start Time - 18:00 ZULU ( 11:00AM PDT )
• Event End Time - 9:00 ZULU ( 2:00 AM PDT on June 7th ) • Region : Singapore
• Aircraft type : CARAVAN ONLY • Starting location : WMBT
Hope to see everyone there !
* A valid Live subscription is needed .
( CNN ) -- A top drug lord has been gunned down in Mexico after two days of shootouts between armed forces and members of a criminal organization , a national security spokesman said Friday .
Nazario Moreno Gonzalez , also known as `` El Chayo '' or `` El Doctor '' was killed as part of an operation in the Mexican southwestern state of Michoacan , according to spokesman Alejandro Poire .
Poire also said that members of the federal police , army , air force and navy participated in the joint operation centered in the city of Apatzingan and the surrounding mountainous region .
Moreno was one of the main leaders and founders of the drug cartel known as `` La Familia Michoacana , '' according to Poire .
`` This drug cartel began operations under the name of 'La Empresa ' ( The Enterprise ) around the year 2000 and has terrorized the population in Michoacan ever since , not only trafficking and producing drugs , but also extorting , kidnapping , and murdering people , '' he said .
The national security spokesman said that five federal police officers and three civilians have died during the joint operation , still under way as of Friday afternoon . He also said that three members of La Familia were killed and three others have been captured .
`` During the retreat and escape of these criminals , they have been picking up those members of the criminal group who have been wounded and presumably died , '' said Poire , who said it is too soon to provide an accurate number of deaths and arrests .
`` It 's time to intensify the pressure on this organization in order to diminish crime in the ( Michoacan ) region in an efficient and permanent way , '' said Poire . He said the Mexican government is sending more armed forces to the conflict zone .
La Familia 's stronghold is in the state of Michoacan -- also the home state of Mexican President Felipe Calderon , who sent thousands of federal troops there after declaring a crackdown on cartels at the beginning of his presidency .
Gunfire from high-powered weapons greeted police when the operation began Wednesday , Poire said . From there , the violence escalated .
Two minors were killed during the operation , when gunmen shot at civilian cars and later used the vehicles as barricades , Poire said Thursday . Nearby , suspected members of the cartel set trucks and buses ablaze on highways to block approaching federal police .
Carlos Vargas did not hesitate when the opportunity presented itself in 2012 — a path to formalize his status as an American , a chance at a driver 's license , a work permit , and a social security number . The avenue was an executive order signed by President Obama , known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , or DACA , that was intended to protect undocumented children brought to the U.S. at a young age from deportation , and to encourage their inclusion in civil society .
“ I definitely did n't think twice , ” Carlos , who came to the U.S. when he was 4 years old , said of his decision to sign up .
Carlos threw himself into activism in the years that followed , ultimately landing a position working on a major New York City initiative , the largest of its kind in the country , to inform and educate immigrants about their rights . When the 2016 race for the presidency rolled around , Carlos , who is now 31 , watched Donald Trump 's rise with alarm , but like many others , he believed Hillary Clinton would ultimately pull off the win .
On the night of the election , the Vargas family gathered at their home in Staten Island to watch the results come in . It was well after midnight , Carlos said , when the reality of what was playing out on the television began to sink in : that Donald Trump , a man who built much of his campaign around the racist scapegoating of immigrants , was going to take the White House .
“ We just looked at each other like , ‘ He won . This guy actually won . He 's going to be the next president of the United States , ' ” he recalled .
Photo : Courtesy of the Vargas family
For Carlos , Trump 's election meant explaining to his 72-year-old undocumented mother , the woman who brought him and his siblings to New York City 2 1/2 decades ago , that the threat of their family being pulled apart had just increased . It meant the relief he eagerly signed up for in 2012 was now in question . And it meant his activism had now taken on an unprecedented urgency .
Through his job at Make the Road New York , a grassroots advocacy organization , Vargas is now spending his post-election days running know-your-rights trainings around the city , answering questions from immigrants fearing that their loved ones could soon be taken from them .
Carlos said more than 100 people showed up at his most recent training session , eager for information about how their lives could change . Most of their questions dealt with the prospect of an Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent knocking at their door . “ What happens if ICE gets me and my children have no one ? ” some would ask . “ Will I be able to bring my kids with me ? ” others would say . Carlos does his best to inform people and to avoid stoking panic , even as DACA , the program he and some 742,000 others signed up for , sits a pen stroke away from being repealed on Trump 's first day .
“ We do n't want to inflict fear , ” he said . “ But they should be prepared . ”
For many undocumented immigrants , and for the lawyers and organizations that advocate on their behalf , Trump 's election has cast a shadow of fear unlike anything in recent memory . It has prompted deep concerns that an already pernicious system of immigration enforcement and deportation will be ramped up , and that the next four years could see profound struggle and suffering in immigrant communities across the country .
“ Let me just take a breath , ” Alexandra M. Goncalves-Pena , an immigration attorney in New Jersey , said before laying out the array of threats that Trump 's vision poses to any possibility of a humane U.S. approach to immigration .
The fate of DACA is certainly up in the air , Goncalves-Pena said . She and other organizations have advised those who have not yet applied for the program to hold off . Concerns over what the incoming administration might do with personal information volunteered by immigrants have swirled since the election , with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio suggesting that immigrant data maintained by the city could potentially be deleted if a Trump White House came looking for it .
For Goncalves-Pena , the fact that the safety of immigrants ' personal data is even being questioned is particularly painful . “ When the DACA program started , people were so scared to sign up , ” she recalled . “ People were terrified ” at the thought of outing themselves as undocumented to the federal government . “ We were , as advocates , just trying to be supportive and encourage people to apply , ” she explained . “ I feel , personally , like I let people down . ”
With Trump coming in and filling senior positions with infamous anti-immigrant , right-wing , and white supremacist figures along the way , the mission of immigrant rights advocates should be one of organization and collaboration , Goncalves-Pena said , in hopes of ensuring that vulnerable communities are not let down again . “ There will be a battle , ” she said . “ This will be difficult . That is all too clear . But what we need to start doing now as attorneys , as advocates , is having that conversation . ”
Any success that immigration rights advocates might achieve in pushing back on Trump 's agenda will require access to information . So far , that 's been an uphill battle . Despite centering immigration in his campaign rhetoric , details on precisely how Trump intends to achieve his objectives have been limited . The president-elect 's official website lays out a “ ten-point plan to restore integrity to our immigration system ” but elaborates on none of the proposals .
As a candidate , Trump proposed deporting as many as 11 million people , banning Muslims from coming to the U.S. , forcing Mexico to build a multibillion-dollar border wall , and tripling the number of ICE agents . While Trump has shifted on some of his past proposals in recent weeks , for example claiming that he will initially focus deportation efforts on individuals with criminal records — an estimated 2 to 3 million people by his erroneous count — the particulars of exactly what he is going to do remains opaque .
“ That uncertainty itself is unjust , ” said Manny Vargas , the senior counsel and founder of the Immigrant Defense Project . “ People just do n't know what the future is going to be . ”
What is clear , Vargas explained , is that Trump will have at his disposal a number of already broadly written laws that could be used to target immigrants who have come into contact with the criminal justice system . Drug offenses , no matter how minor , can be used to trigger deportations , Vargas said . “ It does n't even have to be a crime under the law of the convicting jurisdiction , ” he explained . “ If it 's a violation of the law or regulation relating to a controlled substance , it can make you deportable. ” But it goes beyond that , Vargas pointed out . So-called crimes involving moral turpitude , which can include offenses as minor as turnstile-jumping , can be leveraged to support deportation cases .
Photo : Courtesy of the Vargas family
In immigration cases , there 's no statute of limitations like there is in the criminal justice system , Vargas added . “ The government can bring charges no matter how long ago the offense occurred , no matter what that person has done in his or her life since , ” he said . “ There 's also no ex post facto protection like there is in the criminal justice system , meaning that the agency feels that it can apply laws retroactively , even if the conduct at the time of the offense was not even a deportable offense. ” Also , because immigration courts deal in civil , rather than criminal offenses , individuals have no guaranteed access to a lawyer .
“ I think a lot of people do n't realize there are n't these protections in the immigration system like there are in the criminal justice system , ” Vargas said . “ One has to keep all of this in mind when you hear the talk about deporting millions of folks with past criminal convictions . “
Despite the seemingly innumerable ways in which a determined prosecutor can argue for an individual 's deportation , Goncalves-Pena is quick to point out that immigrants have rights enshrined in the Constitution . “ Due process does apply to immigrants , ” she said . “ That is where we attorneys that do this litigation day in and day out in immigration courts , as well as immigration advocates , we need to start thinking and having conversations together about the legal avenues to challenge certain policies , certain responses , certain attacks against our clients , on the communities that we love , in order to ensure that due process is respected . ”
For Carlos , the delicate work of educating those deeply shaken communities goes on . “ I 'd like to say , ‘ Oh , it 's fine , I 'm not worried . I 'm positive , ' ” he said . But the reality , he admitted , is that nobody knows what 's coming next . “ We really do n't know how to prepare , ” he said . “ We feel like our hands are tied behind our backs . ”
Liberal MP Ruby Sahota hosted an event last spring with a group whose president recently accused Muslims of wanting to convert all Canadians to their faith and rule the country .
During the United Christian Federation 's Last Supper on the Hill event on Parliament Hill last Easter , Brampton MP Sahota thanked the organization for its “ dedication to protecting minority rights around the world . ”
The Toronto-based UCF has received less public attention than other controversial groups it sometimes works alongside , such as Canadian Hindu Advocacy and Rise Canada . On March 29 , Conservative leadership candidate Kellie Leitch attended an event where Ron Banerjee , a director with Canadian Hindu Advocacy and an adviser with Rise Canada , spoke .
Muslim people , now they are saying … we will rule in this country
A video of the event shows Banerjee pointing to UCF president Pervez Masih in the crowd and saying the federation is one of several groups working on “ fighting Islamization , this Shariah creep . ”
In the video , Leitch is seen shaking Banerjee 's hand and answering his questions . Leitch spokesman Michael Diamond has said Leitch did not know Banerjee would be at the event and that “ this guy and his opinions are repugnant and do not reflect her own views . ”
In an interview on March 31 , 2017 , Masih told the National Post , “ Muslim people , now they are saying we will convert all Canadians , non-Muslim to Muslim , and we will rule in this country . ”
Masih went on : “ In Pakistan they are praying for that . They are getting support from all over the world . ”
Asked if he was referring to comments made by a specific Muslim person , Masih said this is a sentiment held by the “ majority of them . They think like that. ” He added : “ This is truth , and I say in street , I say in parliament , I say everywhere , this is truth . I am not against any religion . I do n't abuse any religion . I respect every religion , but we need freedom in Canada . ”
Asked if he stood behind those comments and whether there was any context he wanted to add , Masih sent a text message saying he meant “ that Muslims alway pray to rule all over the world.ofcourse they are preaching Islam to convert non Muslim . ” ( The Post has reproduced the text message verbatim . )
Abbas Kassam , a board member of the National Council of Canadian Muslims , said Masih 's comments are “ fear mongering ” and MPs should do their research before holding events with such groups .
“ The Muslim community is not the first community to go through this in Canada . We 've seen it with the Jewish community in the past . We 've seen it with the Japanese-Canadian community . It 's just the new flavour of the month for fear mongering , ” he said .
Sahota said Masih 's comments do not represent her views or those of the federal government , and she will not be hosting the Last Supper on the Hill event going forward .
“ I have always been supportive of all faiths and all communities , including Muslim Canadians , and I will continue to work hard to defend human rights , ” she said .
The MP did not answer questions about why she hosted the event for the United Christian Federation or expensed $ 1,456.08 in food services costs for 100 people . According to Masih , there were about 15 MPs in attendance . Liberal MP Sonia Sidhu tweeted a photo of her and several other MPs at the event .
Attended yesterday 's Last Supper on the Hill event with some of my colleagues to celebrate # Easter . # EasterWeekend pic.twitter.com/wmYAnKNQeH — Sonia Sidhu MP ( @ SoniaLiberal ) March 25 , 2016
Conservative politicians have also spoken at United Christian Federation events .
In January 2015 , then Conservative MP Brad Butt tweeted that he was “ honoured to speak ” at a UCF event . In December 2012 , Butt tweeted that he was pleased to join his colleagues — then Conversative MPs Ted Opitz , Wladyslaw Lizon and Bal Gosal — at another event .
Pleased to join my colleagues @ BalGosal , @ TedOpitz and Wlad Lizon at the United Christian Federation event tonight . pic.twitter.com/HqNyohax — Brad Butt ( @ BradButtMP ) December 15 , 2012
In a 38-minute video of Sahota 's event obtained by the Post , Masih asks the assembled MPs to speak to the minister of immigration on behalf of Christians in Pakistan facing difficulty immigrating to Canada . Masih also talks about a number of human-rights issues faced by minority groups in Pakistan including blasphemy laws , forced conversion and sexual violence .
“ More than one thousand Christian girls , if not Christian , Hindus and other minorities , girls are being raped and forcefully converted to Islam , ” he said .
Later in the event , Sahota addressed the crowd , thanking Masih by name and describing the United Christian Federation as a human-rights organization .
“ This government and I share their vision of promoting religious freedom , equality and justice for all people around the world regardless of their faith , ” she said .
A March 25 , 2017 , video posted to Youtube by Rise Canada shows Masih speaking at a rally in front of Liberal MP Iqra Khalid 's office . Khalid introduced motion M-103 in the House of Commons , which calls on federal politicians to condemn Islamophobia . In the video , Masih says politicians are working “ the Islamic lie ” in Canada .
On March 31 , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau responded to a video made by Kevin Johnston , one of the other attendees at the Kellie Leitch event . Johnston , who can also be seen in the March 25 video speaking alongside Masih , runs the online publication Freedom Report . On March 29 he posted a video offering a $ 1,000 reward for anyone who records Muslim students “ spewing hate speech ” at any Peel District School Board school . Police are investigating Johnston 's comments .
Two days later , Trudeau criticized the video and called on Canadians to understand their neighbours and go beyond tolerance towards acceptance and friendship .
“ There will always unfortunately be unscrupulous politicians who try to play up divisions and difference and play the fear card as a way of temporarily benefitting their attention or their poll standings , ” Trudeau said .
— with files from Stewart Bell
• Email : zschwartz @ nationalpost.com | Twitter : zaneschwartz
The year is 1902 . Industrial and scientific development reach their peak . The world ofis a world filled with flying machines and steam engines . The vessels that are the most awe-inspiring , are the military airships , floating fortresses of imposing size and powerful armament.On August 1st , a new steam battleship is launched from the military airdocks on the outskirts of Vienna . The pride of K.u.K . industry , this is the first ship of a new series of Habsburg fighting vessels . This is the S.M.S.- -This took a whole lot of time . From a tiny sketch made on a boring lecture at some point in May , to this final piece.Drawn on A4 paper with a simple ball pen . I believe it was a Pentel , but it does n't matter . A pen is a pen.Note : The real-world Monarch-class Austrian battleships were smaller and of older design . This one is pure fiction , loosely based on Radetzky-class battleships from 1907/1910.I hope you like it ! Best regards , Tom .
Remember when Ronald Reagan , Alan Greenspan , Bob Dole and Tip O'Neill fixed Social Security forever ? Good times . Claude Pepper , Dan Rostenkowski and Robert Michel were there too . ( Barry Thumma - AP )
Seventy-three years ago today , the first Social Security checks went out to beneficiaries . The anniversary comes at a difficult time for the program . It narrowly escaped a cut floated by the Obama administration in the fiscal cliff negotiations that would have reduced cost-of-living increases going forward . While it 's not in danger anytime soon , it does have a 75-year funding shortfall , one which has even advocates like Nobel laureate economist Peter Diamond calling for its finances to be shored up .
So the National Academy of Social Insurance hired the marketing firm Matthew Greenwald & Associates to conduct a survey of a random sample of Americans * to see how they 'd like to see that shortfall closed . The survey used a technique called `` trade-off analysis '' to see which elements of a potential deal made respondents more or less likely to support it . So if a package with spending cuts and tax increases gets a certain amount of support , and a package with just tax increases gets another amount , you can then analyze those results to figure out the response to spending cut proposals . The survey also explained policies before asking for respondents ' opinions , to avoid getting responses that were basically arbitrary .
The survey found that most major benefit cuts — including chained CPI , means testing and raising the full retirement age to 70 — strongly decreased respondents ' likelihood of supporting a deal . By contrast , revenue-raisers , such as increasing the payroll tax rate or eliminating the cap , elicited strong support and made respondents significantly more likely to support a deal . More mild measures , like raising the payroll tax cap to include 90 percent of wages , and raising the retirement age to 68 , elicited mild support . The only benefit changes that people really liked were benefit increases . The following chart shows what the raw numbers looked like .
It 's always dangerous to put too much faith in public opinion surveys that ask about specific policy questions , even ones like this that preface those questions with explanations of the policy being considered . People will say a lot of things if you just call them up and ask them . What 's more , it 's hard to get policies passed even with the support of the vast majority of the country when monied interests oppose them . As Martin Gilens has documented in his book Affluence and Influence , politicians act on the preferences of low- and middle-income people only very rarely , especially when their views are opposed to those of upper-income people . `` Let 's raise taxes considerably on people making over $ 110,000 '' — which is what raising the cap on Social Security amounts to — seems to fall in that camp . But the survey does serve as a useful indication of the public 's feelings on how best to solve the long-term funding gap .
One more thing — the study also asked people if they think Social Security is in crisis . Given politicians ' and journalists ' fear-mongering on the subject , it 's not too shocking that 57 percent said yes . Then the survey conductors told respondents how many taxes would have to go up to close the gap . That dropped the number to 74 percent , as the following chart shows .
Source : National Academy of Social Insurance
That 's an important reminder of just how elite-driven peoples ' views on topics like this are .
* One weakness in the poll 's methodology , brought up by readers , is that it culls from a preexisting survey group , randomly sampling them rather than , say , everybody in the phonebook . So keep that in mind .
Trendy Hospital Clothing To Make Cancer Patients Dress 'Well ' Even When Unwell
Hide caption INGA Wellbeing women 's back-opening dress snap tape sleeves . Previous Next Stephanie Derouaux /Les Marquisettes
Hide caption INGA Wellbeing back-opening nightdress with abdominal access . Previous Next Stephanie Derouaux /Les Marquisettes
Hide caption INGA Wellbeing jersey top with internal drain pockets . Previous Next Stephanie Derouaux /Les Marquisettes
Hide caption INGA Wellbeing men 's jersey top and trousers . Previous Next Stephanie Derouaux /Les Marquisettes
Hide caption INGA Wellbeing men 's jersey top arm and chest access . Previous Next Stephanie Derouaux /Les Marquisettes
Hide caption INGA Wellbeing 's men 's jersey trousers with leg access . Previous Next Stéphanie Derouaux/Les Marquisettes
Hide caption INGA Wellbeing women 's jersey trousers groin access . Previous Next Stephanie Derouaux /Les Marquisettes
Hide caption INGA Wellbeing 's men 's jersey trousers with groin access for catheterization and drains . Previous Next Stephanie Derouaux /Les Marquisettes 1 of 8 i View slideshow
Undergoing treatment for cancer is hard enough by itself . And for many cancer patients who spend most of their time in a hospital , it gets even harder with the loss of basic comforts . The hospital 's sterile environment , the fluorescent lights and the disposable gowns do little to make medical treatment more bearable . Nikla Lancksweert , wanted to do a little something to help with that dehumanizing experience , focusing on an alternative for those uncomfortable hospital gowns .
Lancksweert is co-founder of INGA Wellbeing , which creates fashion-conscious clothing for patients . The 41-year-old entrepreneur who 's originally from the U.K , lived in Philadelphia for several years before moving to Brussels , Belgium , where she 's now based . She named the clothing line , INGA , in honor of her mom , who was diagnosed of ovarian cancer at the age of 52 and then underwent three years of intense medical treatment .
`` During this time she often had to put on a hospital gown or sit in her underwear to be examined or treated by strangers , '' Lancksweert says on her Website . `` It was sad and worrying to see how my elegant , capable mother would , almost visibly , shrink . Be diminished . ... Getting her out of the hospital gown and into clothes that looked 'normal ' but that really worked became my obsession ! ''
Lancksweert 's mom died on Boxing Day , 2006 . And a few years later , Lancksweert got the idea to create the clothing line . She teamed up with former public relations executive , Claire Robinson — whose mom was also a cancer patient — and fashion designer Fiona McGreal and in January this year , they officially launched the full collection of INGA Wellbeing .
INGA Wellbeing offers worldwide shipping and in Belgium and the U.K. , the collection is also available via a few specialist online and bricks and mortar retailers . In its short existence , INGA has won awards for health innovation and well-being , among them Henry van de Velde , Janey Loves Platinum and Healthcare Think Tank .
NPR 's Lulu Garcia-Navarro spoke with Lancksweert , who endorses the sentiment , `` INGA Wellbeing makes it possible to dress 'well ' even when unwell , '' about the motivation behind her brand and how she 's helping patients feel more comfortable and dignified fashion-wise as they battle cancer .
Interview Highlights Include Extended Web Only Content
Enlarge this image toggle caption Stephanie Derouaux /Les Marquisettes Stephanie Derouaux /Les Marquisettes
On how her road to create fashionable hospital clothing began with her mother
My mother was diagnosed with ovarian cancer when she was just 52 years old and suddenly plunged into the world of hospitals and medical treatment . And it was really notable to see how very quickly she lost her dignity . And it 's not intentionally so . Doctors and nurses certainly have every intention of being as respectful as they can of patients . It 's just if you 're wearing the wrong clothes then you have to be helped to dress and undress . Then you might not want to go for a walk , which means you end up sort of staying in your room and you become sort of institutionalized incredibly quickly .
On how she actually happened to start the clothing line
I was lucky enough to meet Claire Robinson whose own mother had breast cancer and who was experiencing much of the same issues that my mother had gone through . And then we realized that we needed to have somebody with real fashion design skills and not just determination . And so , we were lucky enough to meet Fiona McGreal who wanted to help us come up with a set of designs that really work in hospital but that look completely normal . And that for us was the key thing . ... we wanted to de-stigmatize health .
On what has to be taken into consideration when designing clothing for patients
We worked with nurses to say , `` OK , which parts of the body do you need to be able to get to most frequently ? '' And so we came up with the women , we have a back opening dress , which is actually the closest thing to a hospital gown . But you would never guess it . I 've worn it in the playground . I 've worn it to the supermarket , often meetings — not having had a chance to change — but it has all that sort of ease of opening in that it opens at the back and it also has openings down the arms and an very discreet opening to the stomach .
On why it 's important to have patients feeling better about the way that they look
If you feel self-confident and therefore in charge of your medical treatment , then you are much more likely to want to get up and move around and ultimately recover faster and get home faster . This is the psychological element but there 's also a very physical aspect of it , which is if you do n't do those things if you just stay in bed , there 's actually a higher risk of infection and you lose your muscle tone much more quickly , which makes walking ultimately harder . So your hospital stay becomes longer .
On naming the fashion company after her mom and what she thinks her mom would think
I think she would be amazed . I 've got nothing to do with the fashion world and I do n't think I 'm known particularly for being fashionable . But I think she would be amazed . And in fact , Inga was my mother 's name but it 's only afterwards that I realized — looking it up — that actually means `` a hero 's daughter . '' And that 's very much how we feel , that this concept is in honor of the heroes in our life . And I hope brings a great deal of comfort and dignity to others and just break this vicious cycle that patients often find themselves in .
NPR 's James Delahoussaye contributed to this report .
Ruth Bader Ginsburg . Getty Images Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said on Thursday that she regretted attacking Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in a series of media interviews throughout the past week .
`` On reflection , my recent remarks in response to press inquiries were ill-advised and I regret making them , '' the 83-year-old justice said in a statement .
She added : `` Judges should avoid commenting on a candidate for public office . In the future I will be more circumspect . ''
The apology came after Ginsburg took heat from all sides of the political spectrum for the recent criticism of the presumptive Republican nominee .
Both The New York Times and The Washington Post skewered Ginsburg , with The Times publishing an editorial on Wednesday declaring Trump to be `` right '' in the war of words .
`` Washington is more than partisan enough without the spectacle of a Supreme Court justice flinging herself into the mosh pit , '' The Times ' editorial board wrote .
Ginsburg ignited controversy when she made a series of remarks in recent days to the Associated Press , The Times , and CNN about the Trump candidacy . They were rare if not unprecedented remarks from a sitting Supreme Court justice on a presidential candidate .
`` At first I thought it was funny , '' she told CNN on Tuesday of Trump 's presidential bid . `` To think that there 's a possibility that he could be president ... I think he has gotten so much free publicity . ''
Trump went off on Ginsburg after , calling on her to resign and firing off a series of blistering tweets aimed at the justice .
`` If I win the Presidency , we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions ! '' he posted Wednesday evening .
Traffic cameras in Dayton to keep rolling Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved Video
DAYTON , Ohio ( WDTN ) - Drivers in the City of Dayton are not off the hook when it comes to a traffic camera catching you breaking a traffic law .
You saw Dayton Mayor Nan Whaley comment during a live stream at WDTN.com about what the new state budget means to the city .
Mayor Whaley said Tuesday the city filed a new injunction with the court to keep the cameras rolling , but several officers will now be placed sporadically at locations where the traffic cameras are located .
The state mandates that a police officer be present at traffic camera locations to issue tickets . The Montgomery County Common Pleas Court ruled the mandate unconstitutional , so Dayton kept its cameras active .
`` Stats show this is a safety issue for us and we see an increase in safety and how people follow the law in our city , '' said Dayton Mayor Nan Whaley . `` We go after excessive speeders and statistics show that residents are slowing down . ''
The cameras not manned by a police officer will also remain turned on , but they will be used to collect traffic data .
Keeping the traffic cameras will directly affect street maintenance in the city , and Mayor Whaley sees it as a direct result of state legislators inability to support its metro cities .
`` There 's an exasperation that we do n't really have a partnership with the state of Ohio anymore , '' the mayor said . `` When you have a state where 90 percent of its economy comes from the building of metros and you have a state government that decides instead to cut the services that those metros are providing . I think it 's pretty clear that they do n't understand how to grow economies . ''
For the time being , city leaders will look for ways to address the loss in dollar .
Ultimately if the cameras must be removed or utilized with an officer , the Mayor believes , `` We 'll see an increase in accidents . We 're still going to keep tthe cameras on so we can collect data because we know and we 've shown that these have made our roads safer . ''
2 NEWS ' Beairshelle Edme ' is working this developing story for you now . Complete coverage begins at 5 on FIVE on 2 .
Rugby Union : Ireland v England looks set to be the biggest game in Six Nations history
By Will Greenwood , Rugby World Cup winner and Telegraph columnist
There are certain games you have just got to be at . You have them in your diary six months in advance and you know that whatever else is going on , you are going .
Whatever school play my seven-year-old son might be in , the excuse is coming out . It 's a miss-a-family-event kind of game . Maidenhead v Old Pats , the top two in South West 1 East , going head to head , and my Maidenhead , who I coach on Tuesdays and Thursdays , will be ready . That is Saturday 11 March . I ca n't believe it 's not in your diaries .
A week later is what 's shaping up as the biggest game in history , multiplied by 100 : Ireland v England . Flights are booked , my seven-year-old has been told , it will be a monstrous game . We could have the Six Nations up for grabs , British and Irish Lions tour places to be decided , England going for a world-record 19th successive win , the survival of the human race at stake . What a prospect .
Star player : Owen Farrell deserves to start for Lions in New Zealand Credit : Getty
Personally , I think England are better than Ireland . There is n't a level playing field in the Six Nations because one team 's at home and the other is away but even though the Aviva Stadium will be as hostile and raucous and rocking as ever , England are good enough for that second successive Slam .
And while we 're on the Six Nations , the introduction of bonus points is a big step forward . I love that there 's a three-point bonus for winning the Grand Slam . A few years ago no one would have thought of that .
Imagine this scenario : a team winning four games by big margins ( thus earning bonus points ) could finish above a team winning all five narrowly ( earning no bonus points ) . The Grand Slam champions could finish second in the Six Nations ! Not now . Little things like this show that rugby has its house in order .
Another keen spectator in Dublin will be Warren Gatland . The Lions head coach knows the importance of picking form players and those who perform in big games . This is exactly the game on which to judge potential Test Lions .
Gatland has a tough call at 1 and 3 – there 's every chance Jack McGrath and Tadhg Furlong of Ireland and England 's Mako Vunipola and Dan Cole are the midweek and Saturday props for the Lions .
If you go on the field ready to go and have a dig , you 've got a chance
There are selection quandaries everywhere – are Kruis and Itoje his second row ? There 's Billy V against Jamie Heaslip at No8 . Conor Murray and Johnny Sexton are formidable at half-back . What about Robbie Henshaw in midfield ? Is Andrew Trimble and Rob Kearney in the back three ?
The Lions squad is looking heavily Anglo-Irish . Elsewhere I see Scotland 's Stuart Hogg playing , Wales 's George North having a sniff , Toby Faletau and Alun Wyn Jones having a look-in , and Scotland 's Jonny Gray having a chance .
Some have written off the Lions and of course New Zealand will be phenomenally hard to beat . Their ability to score 14 or 21 points in six minutes is streets ahead of anyone else ; from 60 to 80 minutes they are amazing .
And winning with the Lions is so hard – but that 's why we get on a plane and go . There have been five winning Lions tours in 125 years . The reason you go and watch sport is to be there when it happens .
As Robbie Deans told me when I was coaching the Barbarians with him , the great thing about rugby is you get what you deserve . So if you go on the field possessed and ready to go and have a dig , you 've got a chance . Think Sheffield Eagles against Wigan Warriors , or Leicester City .
One player who epitomises this spirit is Owen Farrell , who has to be in Gatland 's team . Every now and then someone comes along , like Jonny Wilkinson , who redefines standards of excellence and desire and commitment and drive and self-belief .
Farrell is one . He is your original David . He would take any Goliath . And I would pay money to watch him do it . That 's why the first Test on 24 June 2017 is also in my diary . I 'd better tell my son now .
Tennis : will Andy Murray maintain his iron grip on the No1 tennis spot ?
By Simon Briggs , Telegraph tennis correspondent
Andy Murray 's time has come at last . After a decade spent chasing the coat-tails of legends ahead of him , Murray finished the 2016 season with a flourish , beating the world Nos 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 and 6 in seven days at the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals .
And what about No 1 ? That was Murray . Only a week earlier , his victory in the Paris Masters had carried him to the top of the chart for the first time . This was a big moment in the context of the tour and earned him more messages of congratulation , he suggested , than his three grand slam titles put together .
Top spot : the rankings system and sheer determination will help Andy Murray retain his title as tennis world No1 Credit : Getty
So how secure is Murray 's grip on the top spot ? And how much does he want to stay there ? In his autobiography , John McEnroe described No 1 as “ a very strange place indeed – the peak of the mountain , those icy winds blowing around my head … It was very difficult to get comfortable ” .
Yet Murray seems unlikely to cede this precious pinnacle easily . Not after the agonies he put himself through to get here .
Mathematically , his prospects look strong . Murray 's 905-point lead over Novak Djokovic might not sound like much , but the tennis rankings work on a rolling 12-month system and the vast bulk of his 12,410 points were earned since the start of April .
He will work his socks off to try and stay No1
He has very little to defend for the next three months , and a lot to gain . For Djokovic , who was almost unbeatable in the first half of 2016 , it is the other way around .
Motivation will not be a problem . Once Murray 's season had finished , he went to Scotland a couple of times to celebrate his father Willie 's second marriage . Then it was Miami for a fortnight of lung-bursting drills under coach Ivan Lendl .
“ He will absolutely work his socks off to try and stay No1 , ” said Leon Smith , Murray 's first coach and now the British Davis Cup captain .
Athletics : the IAAF World Championships in London will stage Usain Bolt 's farewell sprint
By Ben Bloom , Telegraph athletics correspondent
There are probably fewer than 30 seconds left in Usain Bolt 's major championship career . With the fastest man on the planet dropping the 200metres for his farewell season , his involvement at the summer 's IAAF World Championships in London is likely to consist of three 100m races – unless he is persuaded to add one last relay anchor leg before exiting stage right .
Bolt 's retirement will be the day so many in the sport have feared . Never before has athletics been blessed with such a charismatic and popular figurehead and it can be forgiven for squeezing every last drop out of the Jamaican 's star quality next year .
Fast one : Usain Bolt will retire after the IAAF World Championships in London Credit : Getty
The eulogies will deservedly flow and there are few within the athletics world who do not wish to see him bow out with yet another gold medal . But as the sport 's president Lord Coe is well aware , athletics must work doubly hard to build on Bolt 's work .
In Wayde van Niekerk there is considerable hope that the sport has already found its next sprint star . The manner in which the South African shattered Michael Johnson 's longstanding 400m world record to win Olympic gold in Rio was the most astonishing track feat of the Games and , should he attempt to double up with the 200m in Bolt 's absence , van Niekerk could leave London with two gold medals and the gaze of the world upon him .
With Jessica Ennis-Hill retired , Greg Rutherford will probably be Britain 's only other Olympic or world champion competing in London
The biggest championships in Britain since London 2012 will also be a final chance to see Mo Farah , the host nation 's most successful track athlete in history , inside the Olympic Stadium before he turns his attention to the road and marathon running .
No one has come close to beating him over 5,000m or 10,000m at a major championship for four years and he is a clear favourite to achieve the feat again .
With Jessica Ennis-Hill retired , Greg Rutherford will probably be Britain 's only other Olympic or world champion competing in London and it will fall to a crop of young athletes in sprinter Dina Asher-Smith , heptathlete Katarina Johnson-Thompson , middle-distance runner Laura Muir and Sophie Hitchon , the ballerina turned hammer-thrower , to build on recent achievements and win medals on home turf .
Whether they will line up against athletes from Russia – currently exiled from international competition for running a state-sponsored doping regime – remains to be seen . The sport 's governing body is yet to reveal a timeframe for the nation 's return to the fold and indications suggest the Russian flag may still be absent from London this summer .
Cricket : England to reap rewards in the Champions Trophy , but Australia will be ready for the Ashes
By Michael Vaughan , Ashes-winning England captain and Telegraph columnist
This promises to be a wonderful year for English cricket on and off the field . In fact 2017 could be a landmark 12 months , potentially bringing a first trophy in a global 50-over tournament , victory in Australia and the approval of a new Twenty20 domestic league that could revolutionise the game here .
England 's one-day team have been a revelation over the past 18 months . Since being knocked out of the 2015 World Cup after some abysmal performances , the team has reinvented England 's approach to the one-day format .
Under captain Eoin Morgan and coach Trevor Bayliss , the team has adopted an attacking , ultra-positive approach that makes them one of the most exciting England teams to watch in any sport . They are a rival for any other one-day side in the world .
Back on form : England 's resurgent one-day cricket side defeat Pakistan at Trent Bridge Credit : Getty
Jos Buttler , Joe Root , Alex Hales , Ben Stokes and Jason Roy can destroy a bowling attack . They give Morgan a great opportunity to win the ICC Champions Trophy , which will be held in England in June .
Home advantage has worked for England before – they have made the finals of the two previous tournaments held in this country . The difference is that those teams in 2004 and 2013 were not very good . This England side would beat both . So if they could go all the way to the final in the past then there is no reason why they can not go a step further in 2017 .
The Champions Trophy is a mini-World Cup . It is short with a compact schedule so teams need to get on a roll quickly . England host Ireland – for the first time – with two matches as preparation but then it is straight into the tournament .
The top two teams in each group of four go through to the semi-finals and England have a tough section to crack first . It will basically be two from England , New Zealand and Australia who will go through to the last four .
Bangladesh is in England 's group and knocked them out of the last World Cup but should not pose the same threat in English conditions . If England goes through they then have two matches to win a trophy . They can do it .
We need something new , and for cricket to reach a different audience
Hosting the Champions Trophy makes this a lopsided summer . England 's main Test series will come , first , against South Africa with four Tests starting in July . Whoever is in charge of the side by then , he will face a tough challenge against South Africa 's seamers , who recently blew away Australia in their own back yard .
After that it is England 's first ever day-night Test , at Edgbaston for the first of three Tests against West Indies . In a series that could have an end-of-summer feel about it , it is a good step to add novelty with the floodlit match . A pink ball in the hands of England 's seamers could make it a short game .
The schedule for 2017 is crazy . There is too much cricket and somehow the team has to keep going with an Ashes series to end the year .
Right now England are in a much better place than Australia , but they have recently made big changes following the loss to South Africa and could have recovered their poise by the time England arrives in November .
Off the field , the ECB will be hopeful of gaining approval for a new Twenty20 league run along the lines of the IPL and Big Bash . We need something new , and for cricket to reach a different audience . It has worked everywhere else and could be a huge success both commercially and for interest levels in the game . I am a big fan of the proposals and it promises to be a fascinating year .
Wondering what the New Year holds ? Read more predictions for 2017 from Telegraph writers sharing what they think will happen in the worlds of science , money , style , politics , travel and culture .
Nevada , Florida and California have all legalized driverless cars , and the District is considering whether to follow suit . The goal is worthwhile , and the potential for the technology — which could be available to consumers within a decade — is great . But members of the D.C. Council have a funny way of showing their support for autonomous vehicles . In fact , a bill introduced by Council member Mary Cheh ( D-Ward 3 ) would greatly restrict the operation and testing of autonomous vehicles in the city .
As with California 's recently enacted law , Cheh 's bill requires that a licensed driver be present in the driver 's seat of these vehicles . While seemingly inconsequential , this effectively outlaws one of the more promising functions of autonomous vehicle technology : allowing disabled people to enjoy the personal mobility that most people take for granted . Google highlighted this benefit when one of its driverless cars drove a legally blind man to a Taco Bell .
Bizarrely , Cheh 's bill also requires that autonomous vehicles operate only on alternative fuels . While the Google Self-Driving Car may manifest itself as an eco-conscious Prius , self-driving vehicle technology has nothing to do with hybrids , plug-in electrics or vehicles fueled with natural gas . The technology does not depend on vehicle make or model , but Cheh is seeking to mandate as much . That could delay the technology 's widespread adoption for no good reason .
Currently , automakers are mildly skeptical of the ability of driverless cars to appeal to consumers . An alternative-fuel mandate would make them even more so . From 2010 and 2011 , sales of hybrid cars declined from 2.4 percent to 2.2 percent of total vehicles sold in the United States . The consumer appeal of autonomous vehicle technology is far from assured , but Cheh 's bill would tell automakers to narrow their potential market even further .
Another flaw in Cheh 's bill is that it would impose a special tax on drivers of autonomous vehicles . Instead of paying fuel taxes , “ Owners of autonomous vehicles shall pay a vehicle-miles travelled ( VMT ) fee of 1.875 cents per mile. ” Administrative details aside , a VMT tax would require drivers to install a recording device to be periodically audited by the government . There may be good reasons to replace fuel taxes with VMT fees , but greatly restricting the use of a potentially revolutionary new technology by singling it out for a new tax system would be a mistake .
At a hearing on the bill in October , Cheh gushed about a test ride she took in Google 's Self-Driving Car in May : “ I found it to be absolutely amazing . I did n't know we had advanced that far. ” I , too , found my May test ride impressive and am thrilled that a technology that can greatly improve traffic safety , offer disabled people an unprecedented level of personal mobility and fundamentally change the way we travel is so close . But no one knows precisely how autonomous vehicle technology will develop or be adopted by consumers . Cheh 's bill presumes to predict and understand these future complexities and then imposes a regulatory straitjacket based on those assumptions .
It 's good that the District seeks to embrace innovation with this law . If passed without significant changes , however , Cheh 's bill will unduly restrict many promising vehicle features , prevent the wider voluntary adoption of this promising technology through foolish green-government paternalism and create a new tax system without proper consideration . She should withdraw this bill and go back to the drawing board .
The writer is a land-use and transportation studies fellow at the Competitive Enterprise Institute .
.- In a changed political landscape , pro-abortion rights groups have filed lawsuits against three states ' abortion laws .
Jennifer Dalven , director of the ACLU 's reproductive freedom project , told the British newspaper The Independent that the lawsuits were just the “ first wave ” in their efforts .
But to Marjorie Dannenfelser of the pro-life Susan B. Anthony List , the lawsuits were a sign of panic among abortion advocates .
“ They lost big at the ballot box , so now they 're looking to the courts to undo the will of state legislatures , ” said Dannenfelser , who advised the Trump campaign . “ They realize the sense of urgency to head to the courts now knowing that the judicial landscape will change under a pro-life President Trump . ”
Planned Parenthood chief medical officer Dr. Raegan McDonald-Mosley claimed recent political developments combine to make “ the biggest threat we 've seen ” in the abortion provider 's history .
The lawsuits were filed by Planned Parenthood , the American Civil Liberties Union , and the Center for Reproductive Rights . Attorneys from the latter two groups told a Nov. 30 press conference that the lawsuits aim to follow up on a 2016 Supreme Court case that struck down abortion restrictions in Texas .
The Missouri lawsuit challenges rules similar to the rejected Texas law that required abortion clinics to meet physical standards for surgical abortion clinics and to have doctors with admitting privileges in nearby hospitals .
Only one licensed abortion clinic remains in Missouri , in St. Louis , the Associated Press said , crediting the law for some abortion clinic closures .
In Alaska , the pro-abortion rights groups challenged 40-year-old regulations barring abortion in outpatient health centers after the first trimester of pregnancy . They said the rules compel women who want to procure abortions to travel out of state . Planned Parenthood said it sends about 30 of such women out of state each year .
In North Carolina , the law allows doctors to perform abortions after 20 weeks into pregnancy only in cases of immediate medical emergencies . The ACLU objected that this bars abortions for women in high-risk pregnancies from having abortions until death or major health damage is imminent .
As Republicans take control of the House , Senate and presidency , Planned Parenthood could face a renewed push against its more than $ 500 million in annual federal funding . There are also discussions over whether to make permanent the Hyde Amendment , which bars federal funds being used directly for most abortions .
LOS ANGELES – The Los Angeles Kings have acquired a fifth-round selection in the 2013 NHL Draft from the New Jersey Devils in exchange for forward Andrei Loktionov , Kings President/General Manager Dean Lombardi announced today .
Loktionov , 22 , has played in 59 career NHL games ( all with the Kings ) , recording 14 points ( 7-7=14 ) and four penalty minutes . The 5-10 , 179-pound native of Voskresensk , Russia was drafted by the Kings in the fifth round ( 123rd overall ) in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft .
This season , Loktionov has appeared in 37 games for the Manchester Monarchs ( AHL ) , recording 22 points ( 7-15=22 ) and six penalty minutes .
The Kings continue their road trip in Nashville tomorrow beginning at 5 p.m. ( PT ) . The game will be broadcast on FOX Sports West – including a pre-game show -- and KTLK AM 1150 .
Something you might do while on PCP
Photo by Getty Images/iStockphoto
Crime is Slate 's crime blog . Like us on Facebook , and follow us on Twitter @ slatecrime .
At the end of every month , I like to scour the Factiva and LexisNexis news databases for stories about the dissociative drug phencyclidine—better known as angel dust , or PCP . The drug has an outsized reputation in the media , largely because of often-exaggerated stories of how its users can develop superhuman strength , or like to gouge out their own or other people 's eyes , or similar feats of insanity . But while taking PCP probably wo n't turn you into the Incredible Hulk , it can indeed prompt the sorts of paranoid delusions often associated with schizophrenia , and encourage the sorts of actions that might get your name in the newspaper .
This past month was filled with stories about the weird and irresponsible things that some people do when allegedly hopped up on PCP . Here are a few of the highlights .
“ What happened ? I just smoked PCP. ” There 's a pretty decent chance that if your night begins with smoking PCP , it will end with you confused and disoriented , asking awkward questions after slamming your Acura into an unmarked police car . That 's what happened to Robert Kinnery Jr. of Jersey City , N.J. , last month . After he banged into the cop car , police found Kinnery , an unlicensed and uninsured driver , “ in an incoherent state with red eyes and slurred speech , ” according to the Jersey Journal . “ What happened ? I just smoked PCP , ” he allegedly said to the cops .
World 's worst roommate . At the end of April , a Lufkin , Texas , judge sentenced a woman to 25 years in prison for a bizarre 2011 incident during which she doused her ex-roommate in gasoline and set him ablaze in a dispute over back rent . In a rare switcheroo , it was the crime victim , not the perpetrator , who said he had been smoking PCP on the night of the dispute .
Delusions of divinity . On April 29 , Jerome Becton of Jersey City , N.J. , removed his shirt and began ramming his body into the front door of the building where he and his brother lived . When police arrived , reports Aiyana Cronk of the Jersey Journal , they “ determined that Becton was under the influence of PCP. ” Perhaps you can predict what happened next :
After police ordered Becton to stop , he continued to charge the door , yelling that he is God , reports said . When officers approached Becton , he began swinging his arms at the police , punching one of the cops , reports said .
I guess the Bible does say that we know not the time or hour when Christ will return to walk on the earth . But—call me presumptuous—he probably wo n't return as a shirtless , jumped-up door-rammer in Jersey City . Becton was charged with aggravated assault and criminal mischief . His story has already been optioned by the producers of Godspell .
You may also have noted that this is the second PCP story to come out of Jersey City this month . Be warned , Jersey City motorists .
PCP Story of the Month . Jersey City , though , was not America 's PCP capital this April . The night of Thursday , April 4 , was a big one for police in Monroe , La. , who made three separate PCP-related arrests , each more bizarre than the one that came before . Zack Southwell of the News Star reports that the weird night began around 9 p.m. , when “ police responded to a call of a subject rolling on the floor inside a residence ” —a common crime in Monroe , headquarters of the International Anti-Floor-Rolling League . The suspect was Tased , subdued , and booked on charges of battery and possessing PCP with intent to distribute .
Right after midnight , cops responded to another call about a “ suspicious loud noise coming from a storage room. ” The noise was being made by Arenta Berry , 33 , who , having somehow wandered into this random storage room , was not about to pick up and leave . When police arrived at the scene to coax Berry out , she allegedly “ lunged at the officers , swinging her arms at the officers more than once. ” Swinging your arms once at the police is something we 've all done on occasion . Twice or more , however ? A clear sign you 're on PCP . Berry was arrested .
The final incident came later Friday morning , when “ a man identified as Cedric Martin forced his way into a residence and was found by the residents who were inside the home asleep. ” Apparently Martin was also making suspicious loud noises , because the homeowners woke up and confronted Martin , who “ claimed he did not know how he got into the home and did not know where he was. ” A likely story . Martin fled , but was eventually located and arrested by the police , who announced that “ Martin was believed to be under the influence of suspected PCP at the time of the incident. ” It was that kind of night .
It 's just a roller coaster of emotions when it comes to the future of `` Mad Men . '' Season four was , as one has come to expect , awesome , but anticipation for season five was quickly ratcheted down by stories of renogotiations between series creator Matthew Weiner and production company Lionsgate .
And then it got to be where the number one question from the press to anyone on `` Mad Men '' was `` so what are you doing next ? '' John Slattery was said to be doing some writing . Christina Hendricks attached herself to numerous movies . Jon Hamm kept being the coolest guy in the room .
Last night Deadline reported that talks would potentially go off the rails - Weiner was asking for a $ 30 million deal that would make him one of the highest-paid talents on basic cable , and in return , Lionsgate wanted him to make up the difference by integrating product placement , shaving two minutes off each episode to make way for commercials , and canning two regular cast members . Weiner is holding his ground on all three .
With negotiations apparently still going strong , AMC will go ahead with season five regardless . The network put out an announcement giving the show the green light this morning ( woohoo ! ) :
`` AMC has officially authorized production of season 5 of Mad Men , triggering our option with Lionsgate . While we are getting a later start than in years past due to ongoing , key non-cast negotiations , Mad Men will be back for a fifth season in early 2012 . ''
There is still no deal in place with Weiner , and it 's difficult to say what his role will even be , but I imagine we 'll see clarification on this as pre-production ramps up .
`` Mad Men '' typically debuts in the summer , but these ongoing negotiations have pushed that all the way to early 2012 .
I think there 's a difference , though , between hanging the release over our heads and reasserting `` it 's coming '' over and over , not giving us any sort of relevant time frame such that we basically waste a whole day waiting/expecting half the time , or miss out on the early-release hype . I seriously do n't understand , even after being through the 1.0 , 2.0 , 2.6 , 2.6b , and 3.0 releases ( was n't there for 2.1-2.5b ) , why it would hurt to say something like `` it 'll be a few hours '' or `` we ran into an issue , so it could be more likely tonight instead of this afternoon '' , or something . I appreciate what the PMDT does , but I do n't think it 's reason enough to keep us 99 % in the dark -- unless there 's something I 've missed .
I do n't know , it 's just that around release time I often feel pretty strung along for the sake of `` hype intensifying '' when it 's really not that fair or reasonable to do so , and to essentially waste my day waiting . Yes , I get that this game is free and the PMDT is n't obligated to do any more for us than they already do , but it 's just ... with as much work as they DO do for us , you 'd expect something like giving a reasonable timeframe for release to be done without question ... Yet , they do n't . It 's jarring , disconnecting , and it does n't make a whole lot of sense .
Some people are being just plain impatient and childish , of course , but I think there is something to be said in constructive criticism about the way this stuff is executed ...
SINCE 2012 , Speciesism : The Movie director Mark Devries has been secretly using spy drones to investigate and expose the environmental devastation caused by factory farms . In this investigation , the drones capture shocking aerial video footage of several massive facilities that supply pigs for Smithfield Foods . Share on Facebook
Get ready for an even bigger dose of truth in our full-length documentary .
Worldwide Reaction to the First-Ever Factory Farm Drone Investigation
Within a few weeks of its release , this investigation by Speciesism : The Movie director Mark Devries had been viewed by millions worldwide , and received major global press coverage . The video continues to be viewed around the world from this website , from the Speciesism : The Movie website , and elsewhere .
Behind the Factory Farm Drone Investigation Videos
Filmmaker Mark Devries of Speciesism : The Movie began developing the plan to use drones on farms in 2012 , when a Georgetown Law student suggested the idea at a sneak-preview screening of Speciesism : The Movie . Countless technical problems and cost overruns delayed the project nearly three years , with the series finally being released starting with this video 's publication in late-2014 .
The Future of Drones on Farms
Mark Devries will continue investigating factory farms with the use of drones , and will continue releasing videos with the findings of his investigations . Please stay informed through the mailing list at Speciesism : The Movie , the official Facebook page of Speciesism : The Movie , and the official Twitter feed of Speciesism : The Movie .
The Citizen Drone Project
While Spy Drones Expose Smithfield Foods Factory Farms was the first investigation to employ drones on farms , Speciesism : The Movie director Mark Devries has expanded the project into a larger operation , The Citizen Drone Project .
Find out more about the existing and upcoming work of Speciesism : The Movie director Mark Devries .
The best big brewery in America has a staff of 12 , distributes only in its home state and produces 11,000 barrels a year—less than Boston Beer Co. of Sam Adams fame churns out in a couple of days .
The AC Golden crew consists of six brewers , led by a head brewer who used to work in wine and has a candy invention to his credit . The brains behind it all is a marketing wiz with a Kentucky drawl and little patience for critics who do n't think his guys are craft brewers .
AC Golden co-founder and president Glenn “ Knip ” Knippenberg was honored—and humored—after winning large brewing company and large brewing company brewer of the year honors at the 2014 Great American Beer Festival in September . As a tiny craft-beer incubator within MillerCoors , AC Golden competes with the big boys , even though its brands are never mentioned in earnings reports .
The truth is AC Golden , while small , can do what it does only because it is part of MillerCoors . The parent company , which reported $ 1.3 billion in net income in 2013 , provides access to ingredients , technology and capital that small start-up breweries can only dream of .
“ We do n't have to be an overnight success , ” Knippenberg said in his office tucked inside the Coors plant on the banks of Clear Creek in Golden , Colo. “ We have failures . We have winners . They give us the time to do this right . ”
Pete Coors , the great-grandson of brewing entrepreneur Adolph Coors , came up with the idea of an incubator brewery after seeing untold millions lost on failed new brands .
To launch the venture , Coors recruited Knippenberg , an industry veteran who started work at Pabst Brewing out of college and joined Coors as it expanded eastward . In 2007 , AC Golden launched on the premise of patiently building a brand with a dedicated sales force in a small territory with the goal of growing it to a point where MillerCoors would take it over .
Knippenberg struck upon the idea of a flagship brand that would tap into the “ buy local ” movement—an accessible but out-of-the-box amber lager brewed exclusively with Colorado ingredients he could market as “ Colorado 's homegrown beer . ”
Finding barley was not a problem , as the Coors name is all over barley fields in Colorado . Hops were another matter . To say Colorado lagged behind the Yakima Valley is an understatement . The state 's hop crop was virtually non-existent beyond a couple of hobby farmers . So Knippenberg approached farmers and promised to wildly overpay for any hops they managed to grow , a subsidy for the steep labor and capital costs to start .
The recipe for Colorado Native Amber Lager was born on a scribbled-upon napkin at a Golden bar . Brewer Steve Fletcher says the target was a hoppier amber , something citrusy and “ happy . ”
In an era of hop-forward ales , Colorado Native Amber Lager is a hit , with sales up 18 percent in 2014 , Knippenberg says . This success was welcome , but it also created a conundrum . Under a prearranged deal , AC Golden was to turn over Colorado Native to Tenth and Blake , MillerCoors ' craft beer and import division of MillerCoors , once production hit 10,000 barrels .
As that came within reach , Knippenberg convinced Tenth and Blake president Tom Cardella to keep the brand with AC Golden for at least three more years to grow the brand and the Colorado hop crop . Knippenberg promised to increase sales 2.5 times by introducing new beers under the Colorado Native label . A crisp , hoppy India pale lager rolled out in the fall , and an easy-drinking golden lager—a 2014 GABF silver medalist—is coming this spring .
Nothing about the AC Golden brewhouse screams “ corporate. ” The 30-barrel system was built in the 1970s as a pilot system . The half-million visitors a year who take the Coors tour never see AC Golden 's copper kettles , its windowless maze of passages and stairwells , or the century-old copper and brass desk one of the Coors brothers once tried to commandeer as a wet bar .
Knippenberg likes to say AC Golden is not independently owned , but it is independently operated . No one from South Africa or Milwaukee is hosing down the floor , building hop trellises or hunting down peaches to pitch into a barrel of sour beer . Along with the six brewers , the staff includes Knippenberg , an operations manager and a sales crew of four .
Head brewer Jeff Nickel graduated from Iowa State University with a degree in biology and a minor in food science . After graduation he worked in the candy business for the Willy Wonka Candy Co. and the company behind Trolli Gummi Bears . Nickel can even claim to have invented a candy : Brite Crawlers , neon-colored sour gummies that resemble earthworms .
Nickel left the world of sweets to enroll at the University of California , Davis , where he earned a master 's degree in enology , the study of wine and winemaking . He worked at a couple of wineries before drifting into beer , moving to Colorado to open Big Horn Brewing , or C.B . and Potts . Nickel went to work for Coors in 2000 as a quality-control chemist , left to join Oskar Blues for a few years and then returned to AC Golden in 2010 .
“ I 've got the best job in the world , ” Nickel says . “ I work with great people , get to brew beer and create new styles on a small scale , yet have all the resources of a large brewery to help . ”
Yet to some , AC Golden 's beer is “ crafty , ” not “ craft. ” In 2012 , the Brewers Association trade group issued a statement accusing multinational brewing companies of “ deliberately attempting to blur the lines ” between their brands and small , independent craft brewers in the BA .
The statement stung AC Golden , where brewers often share ingredients and lager know-how with other small breweries . AC Golden also has won raves from beer geeks for barrel-aged sours , imperial stouts and other specialty beers in its small-batch Hidden Barrel Collection , which probably never will be snatched up by MillerCoors but gives AC Golden added credibility .
Consider Kriek , a 5.5 % ABV sour with flavors of cherry pie , toffee and cranberry . AC Golden brewers traveled to western Colorado to hand-pick sweet and sour cherries that survived a hail storm , then pitted them by hand at the brewery . The cherries were pitched into oak barrels with a sour base beer , bacteria and wild yeast .
“ We 're absolutely craft , ” says brewer Jason Meherg , who has worked at Abita Brewing in Louisiana and Avery Brewing in Colorado . “ Some other guys may not give us the credit because we are part of a larger brewery . We know we make craft beer . ”
Knippenberg calls the BA statement “ unfortunate . I do n't belittle any brewer , large or small . ”
Julia Herz , the BA 's craft beer program director , says the goal was “ absolutely not ” to belittle anyone , but to call for truth in labeling and marketing .
“ Small brewers stand on the shoulders of large brewers that came before them , ” Herz says . “ And large brewers stand on the shoulders of the brewers that came before Prohibition . ”
If all goes as planned , Colorado Native will grow to where it will be enjoyed outside its home state . The small brewery winning big recognition just needs to get a little bigger first .
Georgian riot police have forcibly dispersed several hundred opposition protesters from outside the parliament building in central Tbilisi , the Georgian capital .
The protesters , part of a larger group , had gathered in the early hours of Thursday demanding the resignation of Mikheil Saakashvili , the Georgian president .
Several thousand people had marched on parliament earlier , accusing Saakashvili of authoritarianism and vowing to stop a showpiece military parade to mark Georgia 's Independence Day .
But only 300 remained outside the parliament in the early hours of Thursday when police moved in , using tear gas , rubber bullets and water cannon to disperse the group .
Emergency workers were tending to several people with blood on their faces , according to a reported from the Reuters news agency who was at the scene .
Shota Utiashvili , the Georgian interior ministry spokesman , said a total of 19 people - police and protesters - were hospitalised with minor injuries .
Nino Burjanadze , who leads the Georgian opposition party Democratic Movement , said the number of injured people was a result of police actions .
`` There a lot of injured people because the authorities conducted ... a punitive operation . It was not an action aimed at as they say to ‘ free the square , ' it was purely a punitive operation , '' she said .
According to Utiashvili , a policeman died in hospital after being hit by a vehicle in a convoy of cars rushing Burjanadze away from the scene , where riot police used teargas , water cannons and rubber bullets to disperse protesters .
Utiashvili said that Burjanadze and her husband were rushing to leave the scene in a convoy of five jeeps . One of the vehicles from their convoy hit a police officer who later died at hospital .
There was no suggestion that Burjanadze or her spouse were behind the wheel of the vehicle in question .
Nona Gaprindashvili , an opposition leader , was quoted by the Associated Press news agency as saying that dozens of demonstrators were arrested , but there were no immediate official figures .
Opponents accuse pro-Western Saakashvili of monopolising power since the 2003 `` Rose Revolution '' that ousted the post-Soviet old guard in the Caucasus state , where pipelines carry Caspian oil to the West .
Weakened by losing a brief war with Russia in August 2008 , Saakashvili has since reasserted control . He is due to step down as president in 2013 when his term ends .
Georgia celebrates its independence day on Thursday .
The Exynos-powered Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 edge were two of the first smartphones on the market to ship with Samsung 's equivalent of Qualcomm 's QuickCharge fast-charging technology on board . That 's why it comes as a huge surprise to learn that the company has n't adopted the latest version of QuickCharge for its latest duo , the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge . Instead , both handsets will feature the same second-generation technology that came as standard on last year 's flagships .
The reasoning behind this decision is unclear , but seeing as Samsung will be launching both an Exynos 8890 and a Snapdragon 820 variant of the devices , we believe that it has decided to stick with QuickCharge 2.0 to lessen the gap between the two models . After all , the Snapdragon 820 is one of the few chipsets on the market to feature compatibility for QuickCharge 3.0 , whilst the in-house Exynos CPU only supports Samsung 's version of QuickCharge 2.0 .
On July 3 , 1991 , James Cameron and Arnold Schwarzenegger released arguably the best action film of the ‘ 90 's : Terminator 2 : Judgement Day . The sequel to 1984 's critically acclaimed unstoppable robot-chase movie , T2 set out to build upon and strengthen the post-apocalyptic world created in the first movie . Upon its release , the film was hailed as an instant classic . In the years that have followed , it has remained the high point in a franchise that has continued to run downhill since Cameron left the Skynet apocalypse in his rear view mirror .
How was it that Cameron managed to capture the spirit of the Terminator Universe in a way no filmmaker since has been able to repeat ? Each one of the subsequent entries has made equal use of blistering action and half-cheesy-half-cool one-liners like T2 , yet time after time the series has continued to disappoint both fans and critics . So , where does the allure of Terminator 2 lie and why has it managed to loom so large in the twenty-five years since its release ?
It all begins with the end of the world .
An Ode to Simple World-Building
In the not-so-distant future , a military computer program called Skynet becomes self-aware and unleashes an army of murderous robots to snuff out humanity . Skynet is largely successful in this endeavor until some upstart general named John Connor starts turning the tide of the war . In a last ditch effort to preserve its own future , Skynet sends a humanoid machine ( Arnold Schwarzenegger ) back in time to off John Connor 's mom ( Linda Hamilton ) before the general is born . Of course the plan totally backfires and not only does say machine get crushed , but thanks to a time-traveling good guy named Reese ( Michael Biehn ) , Connor ends up pregnant with the very savior Skynet was trying to avoid creating .
That 's the original . In the sequel , Skynet gives time-traveling assassination another shot by sending a sweet-ass liquid metal robot ( Robert Patrick ) after John Connor ( Edward Furlong ) when he 's ten . Fortunately for young John , old John sends back a friendly Terminator ( Arnie again ) to protect the kid . Alongside mom , Sarah ( Hamilton , truly killing it ) , the trio sets out to not only keep John safe , but undo the impending deaths of billions of people .
Okay , see what I did there ? I coherently explained the set up for both films in two paragraphs . The entire Universe is easy to grasp and easy to get on board with . In a matter of moments , you can get caught up on the backstory and settle in comfortably for the adventure at hand .
The previous films apparently in an attempt to chart their own path — refused to accept this basic setup and the result was either the subversion of Cameron 's work or the unnecessary dilution of its message . Where the later films in the Terminator series focused on quibbling over the minutia of Cameron 's previous films , Cameron focused on making his world concrete and then letting his characters play around .
It 's Sarah Connor 's Show
In the first two Terminator films , the star is n't John Connor or some un-killable robot . The future general is more McGuffin than anything else . John 's mom , Sarah , is the real star of the movie . She 's the one whose character really develops over the course of the narrative . She 's a happily vacant woman who 's suddenly burdened with the knowledge that she 's responsible for prepping the savior of the world .
As Sarah Connor , Linda Hamilton nails the transition from victim to soldier . She 's intimidating in a way that 's nearly impossible to replicate . You might be the Mother of Dragons , but Linda Hamilton will eat you for breakfast .
Terminator 2 is about the woman coming to believe in something hopeful even when she knows that doomsday is barreling towards her . As much as it 's a awesome action flick , Terminator 2 is also an examination of how a normal person would respond to unbelievable stress and wildly unfair circumstances .
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep , and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs . Buy Now
All the other films in the series forgot that and foolishly cast off Hamilton . What resulted was a series of films in which John Connor acts like an action hero while Arnold Schwarzenegger gets brutalized in fifty different ways . There 's no character development , no humanity at stake , and that 's a really dumb thing to leave out of a story that 's literally about saving humanity .
No Fate But What You Make
Here , perhaps , is the most egregious mistake that every latter day Terminator movie has made : fate exists . Not only is that completely opposed to T2 's basic philosophy , it also makes for boring stories ( and no amount of kickass action can overcome a boring story ) .
In Terminator 3 it 's explained fairly early on that there are some fixed points in time that simply ca n't be changed , a development that essentially nullifies everything the characters in the series have done up to that point . It also means that anything Connor and Claire Danes do in the film we 're currently watching is useless . Amed with that knowledge , the plot of Salvation — which is concerned with setting up the events of the first film — is rendered moot before the credits are finished rolling . And … God only knows what 's going on with the plot of Genysis .
Unlike those movies , though , Terminator 2 operates on a philosophy of self-determination that 's both empowering to the audience and narratively interesting ( because anything could happen ) . What 's more , in Cameron 's original vision , Sarah Connor 's actions actually have a real-live impact .
The Real Secret
The real reason that Terminator 2 continues to get well-deserved praise and all the rest of the films crash and burn at the box office ? In T2 Cameron created a compelling story that centered on relatable characters operating in a unique set of circumstances . Then , he layered mind-blowing special effects and bullet-riddled action scenes on top of that solid foundation .
It seems like the filmmakers involved in the sequels started at killer robots and moved backwards . That did n't work for Skynet , so why should it work for them ?
Is there a more hilariously unconvincing friendship in public life than that fabled one between Sir Alex Ferguson and José Mourinho ? In the run-up toWednesday 's Champions League clash between Manchester United and Real Madrid , the air has been thick with quacking about the managers ' special relationship , which is apparently founded on mutual admiration for each other 's abilities , respect for each other 's prowess in the noble discipline of `` mind games '' , all manner of self-deprecating joshing ... but we 'll leave it there , shall we , on the basis that they clearly detest each other .
They are much too clever to say so , of course , but happily there are less Machiavellian – or less gullible – insiders who are perfectly willing to shatter the conceit . Sir Bobby Charlton , who might be expected to actually know about such things , was fairly succinct on the matter as recently as December . When it was pointed out to him that Ferguson admired Mourinho , his retort was withering . `` He does n't like him too much , though . ''
Well no . Much is made of the tea Ferguson and Mourinho took together at a Manchester hotel last year , but theirs is the most political of embraces , and all the more intriguing for it . The only time the two men ever seemed in genuinely matey accord was on the old `` my enemy 's enemy is my friend '' principle , brought together in their mutual contempt for Arsène Wenger ( who they have long since , rather pitiably , deemed unworthy even of that ) .
Those who buy into tales of Ferguson 's equatorial warmth toward Mourinho are invited to run the mental YouTube clip of the erstwhile Porto boss dancing provocatively down the touchline at Old Trafford in 2004 , or sweetly pointing out that his victory had been achieved on a 10th of the resources of Ferguson . Thank heavens such low-key ribbing was directed toward a man who famously does not hold a grudge .
Not that there is a shortage of compliments between the pair to lap up these days . Mourinho `` can manage anywhere , absolutely '' , opines Ferguson of the man who would be king , while Mourinho always lets it be known that he calls Ferguson `` The Boss '' . Sure he does . Especially when no one is listening .
As for what is really afoot , the picture remains opaque in parts . That Mourinho is politicking for Ferguson 's job someday is no secret , but it is far from clear whether or not Ferguson wants him to have it ( either in an après moi le déluge kinda way or the opposite ) , or whether or not Ferguson has even decided whether or not he wants him to have it .
So until such time as the mists part , I can not read of either man praising the other without recalling the diplomat Metternich 's comment on learning of the death of his arch-rival Talleyrand . `` What did he mean by that ? '' he is said to have pondered . Admittedly , I can scarcely read of a single act by either man without wondering idly what they mean by it .
Take an interview with Neil Lennon this week , in which the Celtic manager explained how he had rung Ferguson and asked if he and his backroom team could come and take a look around United 's Carrington training complex . `` We 're renovating the training ground at the minute , '' Lennon reports Ferguson as saying , `` but I will come up and see you . ''
`` Mm , '' I mused aloud over the breakfast . `` I wonder what he meant by that ? ''
The likelihood is that Ferguson meant nothing other than to be nice , so even idle joking about an ulterior will doubtless draw frothing accusations of cynicism . And fair enough . Why CA N'T I hear Sir Alex Ferguson or José Mourinho say anything and not take it simply as the face-value verdict of one guileless everyman on another ?
Either way , the true nature of the relationship between these most studied of chums is something far more riveting than a mere friendship . Some might trot out that Godfather quote about keeping your friends close and your enemies closer . More accurately , perhaps , it is that form of psychological warfare best characterised as killing with kindness .
There is a diplomatic manoeuvre nicknamed `` The Fatal Hug '' , which theorises that one can neuter or even destroy an enemy by appearing to reach out to them . The political writer Joe Klein once wondered mischievously why the US does not just scrap all sanctions against Iran , open trading channels and name an ambassador . `` It would drive them crazy , '' agreed an academic expert on the mullahs . `` The thought of having an American embassy in Tehran again , with lines of people around the block , trying to get green cards ... ''
At the time of writing Ferguson and Mourinho had yet to open official embassies up each other 's backsides . But with more tales of their fine-wined buddydom to endure , one puzzle is why so many stoke this idea of the genuine friendship , when common sense , as well as sledgehammer hints like Charlton 's , point to something much less trite . Either it is presumed that a market exists for tales of the two men 's bromance , or a surprising number of people actually believe it .
If they wish to dine on red herring , then that is a matter for them . Yet surely the more compelling tussle is the Manchester United succession drama , the two men 's blatant obsession with their place in managerial history and the sense that each man feels he needs to use the other from time to time , for reasons still tantalisingly unclear .
A stop at the slot machines is helping a Halifax woman with her parking problem .
For the past month , Suzanne Jordan has been gambling at Casino Nova Scotia in downtown Halifax so she can park for free .
Jordan needs to gamble $ 10 a day to have her parking validated . Sometimes , she even wins some of the money back .
`` The way I 'm looking at it is I have to spend this money anyway , but with this experiment , I might get a discount , '' she told CBC News .
Jordan lives off the peninsula , far from a bus route . After starting a job in downtown Halifax , she discovered the cheapest pay-by-day parking was $ 10 .
Then she heard about the casino 's deal .
So she parks her car , spends no more than $ 10 at the slot machines , then walks six minutes to work .
`` If I 'm gambling $ 10 , I 'm not spending any more than I would at a pay-by-day facility , but I have that added benefit — if you could call it that — that every once in a while I might come out ahead , '' she said .
Jordan keeps track of her wins and losses . Some days she wins back her $ 10 , but on others she loses it all .
She says she has spent about $ 80 on parking since starting her experiment on Feb. 4 .
That 's way cheaper than regular monthly parking , Paul MacKinnon , executive director of the Downtown Halifax Business Commission .
`` The local range here can be anywhere between the low $ 150s , up over $ 200 , '' he said .
'Not a casino person '
Jordan is having fun with her experiment . She says she 's not a real gambler and there 's no danger of becoming addicted to the machines .
She 's thinking about continuing her experiment for another six months .
`` I 'm not a casino person at all . I was actually kind of nervous about trying it because I thought , are there risks here where I might get carried away ? '' she said .
`` But I know my personality , and I 'm just not that type of person , and I have n't been tempted yet . ''
Buy Photo Javier Baez makes a throw to first during an Iowa Cubs game earlier this season . Baez is expected to get playing time at third base . ( Photo : Merle Laswell/For the Register ) Buy Photo
Javier Baez came up through the minor leagues as a shortstop , moved to second base and has since bounced between the two positions while with the Iowa Cubs this season .
Another move is now in store for Baez .
Jaron Madison , the director of player development for the Chicago Cubs , said in a text message Wednesday that the plan is to play Baez sometime at third base . It is a move that suggests the Chicago Cubs are getting him ready to bring him back up .
When ? Iowa manager Marty Pevey said Baez would start playing third base on Wednesday .
It 's a move many fans have been waiting to happen with Baez who suddenly found himself as the odd man out in Chicago 's infield with Starlin Castro at shortstop and Addison Russell at second base . Those have been Baez 's primary positions since the Cubs selected him in the first round of the 2011 draft .
ALSO : Birch : What does the future hold for Javier Baez ? | Birch : Light bulb going on for Javier Baez | Birch : Some advice for Cubs prospect Javier Baez
But , another infield spot appeared to open up for the Cubs who started third baseman Kris Bryant in left field during Tuesday 's game at Miami .
Baez is off to a great start to the I-Cubs season , compiling a .325 batting average with seven home runs , six doubles and 26 RBIs through his first 32 games with Iowa . He entered Wednesday 's game riding a five-game hitting streak while also batting .351 with four homers in his last 10 contests .
The hard-hitting infielder began last season with Iowa before earning his first major league promotion . Baez struggled in it and during spring training and was sent back to the minors for the start of the 2015 season . He missed the start of the season following the death of his sister , Noely .
Now , Baez could be getting closer and closer to a return to the big leagues .
So , Bryant in left , Baez at third , Castro at short and Russell at second ?
It sounds like it could happen .
Anyone who has lived in the southwestern part of the U.S. for any length of time over the past few decades will surely appreciate how grave the situation has become for some Americans when considering that the ranks of day laborers standing on street corners in the morning are no longer restricted to recent immigrants and illegal aliens .
It should be clear to even the most casual observer that the biggest busts have occurred in parts of the country where the biggest booms once flourished - that would be California , Nevada , and Arizona - where tales of woe are now spreading as fast as home prices rose back in the first half of the decade .
The poll to the right from a recent story in the Las Vegas Sun ( hat tip EU ) reflects the current state of affairs for 551 people in and around Sin City where many are now hoping that the wave of foreclosure sales - homes that once sold for $ 300,000 now flying off the shelf at around $ 100,000 - will somehow revive the city 's economy to its mid-decade glory .
At this point , they 'd probably be happy with simply getting back to a slightly larger fraction of the activity that was seen in the Nevada desert four or five years ago , economic statistics produced during those halcyon days likely to be seen only in history books for many , many years to come .
Anyway , it seems that the Smiths and the Joneses are joining the Rodriguezes and the Hernandezes outside of Home Depots .
To wit :
The new faces of day labor
U.S. citizens are joining immigrants in store parking lots
It sounds like a George Lopez joke .
“ Times are so bad that I saw an Anglo day laborer standing outside Home Depot the other day . ”
Except it 's true .
In the latest sign of the Las Vegas Valley 's economic free fall , U.S. citizens are starting to show up in the early mornings outside home improvement stores and plant nurseries across the Las Vegas Valley , jostling with illegal immigrants for a shot at a few hours of work .
Experts say the slow-starting but seemingly inexorable trend is occurring nationwide .
“ It 's the equivalent of selling apples in the Great Depression , ” said Harley Shaiken , chairman of the Center for Latin American studies at the University of California , Berkeley .
But it is not only a sign of the times , they add . If the numbers of citizens among the day laborers in cities across the country continue to grow , it 's likely to increase the ire of followers of TV host Lou Dobbs and others who will see illegal immigrants as stealing food off the tables of the nation 's native-born or naturalized poor .
The whole thing is worth a look , the plight of `` americanos '' such as 50-year old Ken Buchanan ( pictured above ) does n't appear to be all that uncommon around the country with the trend expected to continue for some time .
I was sitting at my desk , immersed in the role of the Calvinist church in Dutch history , the steady single flame of my concentration holding impressively steady , when it suddenly occurred to me that I had n't seen From Russia With Love for a few months . I hopped up from the chair to fix this . The main credits sequence , with its famous theme music booming around the house , alerted both sons from their different rooms , and we were all happily in position well before our favourite line , when the Spectre trainer speaks fondly of the killer , Grant : “ Homicidal paranoiac – superb material . ”
I think that a convincing case can now be made for James Bond having become a religion . You would have to be retired to remember a world without Bond films , and very long retired to remember a world without the books . When the new film , Spectre , opens later this month , millions of people ( mostly men ) all over the world will almost without thinking drift into cinemas to see the same kind of sequence of explosions , drinks , exotic locations , glamorous dresses and cars that their fathers and their fathers ' fathers experienced in an event on a scale , if not a level of profundity , that can only be compared to the Kumbh Mela .
Faith is impervious to failure . Any specific film may be dreadful , but the series carries on regardless
There is almost no aspect of this religious formula that has changed since the 1960s , beyond perhaps , with Craig , an ignorable attempt to pretend that the immortal Bond has bruised feelings . It is not as though the films are interchangeable – in fact they are fascinatingly varied and different – but the changes are in feather-colouring , not genus . The arc of threat , redemption and reward is unmoving and understood as such by millions of people – because it is not the individual film that matters , but the entire sequence or , in a classic religious paradox , the unending cycle .
The religious links spread in every direction . Most importantly , faith is impervious to failure . Several of the Bond films are dreadful , or have specific scenes that should disqualify them from ever being shown . Everyone will have a different list of these – the boat-chase in Quantum of Solace , everything on the oil-rig in Diamonds Are Forever , almost everything involving Pierce Brosnan . But , just as the obscene , drunken priest waving to his bastard children from the pulpit demeans only himself and not his religion , so a producer 's decision to follow , say , a gigantic African-American henchman in Live and Let Die with an absolutely tiny Franco-Filipino henchman in The Man with the Golden Gun somehow just washes away . Any specific film may fail , but the series carries on regardless .
Why this should be the case is insufficiently thought about . There is no other film series that even comes close to Bond 's longevity . Obvious contenders such as the series begun by Superman , Star Wars , Doctor in the House or Die Hard all foundered . Every studio , every investor would desperately love to have something similar – a film on average every two and a bit year from 1962 to the present , each with staggering profitability , and with a religious pantheon that allows every actor , even the principal , to be replaced at random intervals while generating just as bulky a congregation as ever . If this was a formula that could be copied , then it would be .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Roger Moore in Live and Let Die . Photograph : The Kobal Collection
Perhaps the best explanation for the phenomenon is that , while the films are sprawling multinational entities , at the heart of all of them has always been the Broccoli family : for many years Albert R “ Cubby ” Broccoli , and in the 19 years since his death , his daughter Barbara and stepson Michael G Wilson . The nature of their control effectively makes them the unchallengeable keepers of the shrine . They have exclusive access to Ian Fleming 's books , and it remains their right to interpret these texts as they see fit in order to squeeze out further films . Around the Broccolis there have been similarly overlapping generations of specialists – musicians , stuntmen , people who can source massive yachts , script-writers ( most importantly the late Richard Maibaum ) , people who can do excellent explosions – who have worked together on film after film and made enjoyable , well-rewarded lives for themselves . It is hard not to assume that many of them have had fun , sunken bar areas built into their homes . But it is the Broccolis who take all the key decisions and their role as Fleming 's high priests is a fascinating one .
Perhaps the single most important aspect of the films ' longevity has been Fleming 's inheritance . For many years there was always another film to be made using an authentic Fleming book title , however much the plot ignored its source . But even right at the beginning , when Fleming himself was still alive , there was a significant element of interpretation by the Broccolis . So in Dr No ( 1962 ) , for instance , it was very important to the film 's credibility that it did not feature the climactic fight in the book , which pitted a badly burned and exhausted Bond against a giant squid . Similarly , one of the novel 's wonderful elements is Dr No 's death , as the villain is suffocated under tons of dried bird faeces . In the book this is unimprovable , but as cinema spectacle it would have ensured that the handful in the incredulous audience who had stayed after watching the giant squid fight would have walked out , gagging almost as badly as poor No .
Over many years , the Broccolis sifted through those Fleming stories that broadly worked ( From Russia With Love ) and those which needed to be put aside . For example , Moonraker , one of the early novels , is a book with many pleasures ( not least the immortal scene where Bond and a policewoman are tied together and doused with a steam hose ) but which essentially ends up as pulp nonsense about an old Nazi with atomic weapons on the South Downs . It was kept back until there were simply no other novels left to film ( 1979 ) and then only the villain 's name made it into the adaptation – but that was enough to suggest spiritual truth . This sense of guarding , managing and eking out the authentic Fleming works has been obsessive – even down to the absolutely meaningless Quantum of Solace ( 2010 ) , named after a humiliatingly neither-here-nor-there short story in which Bond barely features .
The Broccoli family has suffered moments of despair , when George Lazenby left , for instance ( at which time there was serious discussion of making the new Bond American ) . The eventual arrival of Roger Moore as saviour was not preordained – and then he was clung to for so many years that the last of his films , A View to a Kill ( 1985 ) , appeared to be a surreal rumpus in an old folks ' home . Enough decades have gone by that the Bond series 's struggle for purity , the wish to wash off illegitimate accretions , can be seen very clearly . After the titanic sets and endless boiler– or ninja-suited extras of You Only Live Twice ( 1967 ) , we get the blue-grey austerity of On Her Majesty 's Secret Service ( 1969 ) ; after the sprawling absurdity of Moonraker ( 1979 ) , the somnolent realism of For Your Eyes Only ( 1981 ) ; after the CGI ice palace , invisible car and generalised , seeping sense of shame in Die Another Day ( 2002 ) the return to scriptural truth with Casino Royale ( 2006 ) , and its patently religious need to reconnect with Fleming even down to the fate of Bond 's testicles .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest James Bond creator Ian Fleming at his desk in 1958 . Photograph : Express/Getty Images
Also comparable to the behaviour of a church has been the Broccolis ' obsession with remaining contemporary without sacrificing core meaning . Sometimes you get the feeling that they are relying on poorly informed younger daughters of cameramen for their tips ( A-ha doing the opening song for The Living Daylights ) but there is a Lampedusan wish to preserve the past through change , which means that the films have become now a sort of library of the new and the potentially new . You had to be there ( as I was , aged 10 ) for the moment in Live and Let Die when Bond , lying in a darkened room , glances at his watch – and it shows an LCD face ! For some , a thrilling harbinger of the future , but for a thousand Swiss watchmakers an ask-not-for-whom-the-alarm-beeps flash of horror . Hovercraft , sideburns , cars manufactured by Sunbeam , safari-jackets , waterbeds filled with tropical fish , jet-packs – these have all come and gone . A fast-forward through Sean Connery 's films alone would encapsulate all male fashion , from the tailored , pantherine figure of the early 60s to the frankly squalid lecher of 1971 in a freakish , short pink tie . Broccoli panic at new movie trends led to low-self-esteem attempts to sway in the direction of Shaft ( Live and Let Die ) , Star Wars ( Moonraker ) and Die Hard ( Licence to Kill ) . No doubt the Daniel Craig films , which are too close to see in perspective , hold inside them elements that will become embarrassingly characterisitc of their era . The uninvolving scenes of computer hacking may , for instance , provoke laughter in the 2020s .
No doubt the Daniel Craig films will seem of their period . The computer-hacking scenes may provoke laughter in the 2020s
Sex , as in any religious organisation , has the capacity to tear everything apart . In the books Bond is , in a 1950s way , fairly chaste and in one ( Moonraker ) manages to sleep with nobody . In the films , there is a more permissive element , but even here the producers panic helplessly about Bond 's “ turning ” the lesbian Pussy Galore in Goldfinger and somehow they keep intact in You Only Live Twice the appalling scene from the novel where Bond , in order to establish a bizarrely implausible cover , marries a Japanese fisherwoman . Indeed , although everyone will have their own favourites , it could be argued that the marriage scene in You Only Live Twice , otherwise a film that has aged beautifully , is the very worst in the entire canon . One of the many ways in which Timothy Dalton 's films are so unwatchable is the desperate wish by the producers to show how concerned they are about Aids , but without having Dalton actually roguishly snapping and flicking a condom . The wider issue – Dalton was an unlikely person to want to sleep with – got lost in the general panic .
One aspect of the sexism of the films is the male-to-female ratio of killings . For every girl covered in gold paint , eaten by fish , drowned or dipped in oil ( the last another Quantum of Solace fiasco ) , there must be a near infinity of oddly loyal male guards and sidekicks coming to sticky ends . The issues around the films ' cynicism , violence , greed and consumer fetishism rather sweep up sexism as part of the general avalanche . Having said that , Robert Brownjohn 's still-extraordinary opening credits for Goldfinger do feature what always strikes me as one of the most disturbing of all sex-consumer images : where the gold-painted model 's face has a car licence plate substituted for her mouth . If you were looking for a religious idol to encapsulate the postwar west this might be it .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Goldfinger opening credits
The nature of Bond 's relations with women has changed little over the years , as laughable attempts at sensitivity or female feistiness go all the way back to the 1960s , most nakedly in Diamonds Are Forever ( 1971 ) where Tiffany Case 's character in the space of only two hours actually mutates , from hardboiled wisecracking gangster at the beginning to bikini-clad simpleton at the end , as though the sheer pressure of audience expectation simply breaks her down . The character of Sylvia Trench , who features in the first two films , Dr No and From Russia With Love , is meant to be Bond 's regular London girlfriend ( a sexual counterpart to Miss Moneypenny ) . As played by Eunice Gayson , she seems to link Bond to cheap British movies of the 50s , starring such people as Dirk Bogarde and James Robertson Justice , with her heaped-up hair , punting and indoor golf . But the character was then dropped – suddenly she just is n't there any more , as she passes the baton on to the demented blondes of Goldfinger and the 60s really begin .
Regardless of whether it is a good film or a bad film , the millions flocking to Spectre may have been through any number of disappointing predecessors but , as with bad hymns or a dull sermon , they understand that there are always sturdy fundamentals that link them to earlier generations . My personal links with Bond antedate my actual birth . My mother said that I was born prematurely because of her reaction to the exploding helicopter towards the end of From Russia With Love . So there is one Ealing cinema that always will have a special meaning for me . My mother is now long dead , and the people sitting in that cinema in November 1963 , some of whom could have been adults during the Boer war , now seem incredibly remote , and yet they were no less rapt than we are now . I can not count the number of times since I became a devotee in the early 70s that I have been , like millions of others , let down . I could swear that even at the age of 11 I knew that something had gone really wrong with The Man With the Golden Gun – a film that has now matured rather well thanks to Christopher Lee and the last of the truly great John Barry scores . But we pick ourselves up , brush away the tears and wait patiently for next revivalist meeting , just as so many did before us .
• Simon Winder 's The Man Who Saved Britain : A Personal History of James Bond , first published in 2006 , is out in paperback .
Injuries have limited San Francisco Giants pitcher Brian Wilson 's playing time this season . But outstanding career performances have made him one of baseball 's best closers . Despite his killer pitching repertoire , Wilson may be more recognized for his iconic facial hair . That said , you can honor Wilson 's 2010 World Series victory by dressing up as the man endearingly referred to as `` The Beard . ''
With Halloween around the corner , it 's time to start scrambling for your costume . You can always dress up as a dime-a-dozen vampire or zombie , but we 're offering some ideas that lean toward the unconventional . Here 's a guide for the `` costume clueless '' on how to dress up as a famous and distinctive looking sports figure for Halloween ( Guys ' Edition ) .
Read More > >
With Halloween around the corner , it 's time to start scrambling for your costume . You can always dress up as a dime-a-dozen vampire or zombie , but we 're offering some ideas that lean toward the unconventional . Here 's a guide for the `` costume clueless '' on how to dress up as a famous and distinctive looking sports figure for Halloween ( Guys ' Edition ) .
1 . Brian Wilson
Injuries have limited San Francisco Giants pitcher Brian Wilson 's playing time this season . But outstanding career performances have made him one of baseball 's best closers . Despite his killer pitching repertoire , Wilson may be more recognized for his iconic facial hair . That said , you can honor Wilson 's 2010 World Series victory by dressing up as the man endearingly referred to as `` The Beard . ''
Brian Wilson Costume Components
San Francisco Giants uniform shirt and cap
Fake bushy , black beard
T-shirt cut-off at the neck
( Photo via Sports Illustrated )
2 . Anthony Davis
Although he has n't yet stepped foot on an NBA basketball court , Anthony Davis , the number one overall pick in the 2012 NBA draft , has already established his own brand . Known for his monster unibrow as well as the skills he displayed at UK , Davis has even joked about trademarking his famous unibrow . He was joking , right ?
Anthony Davis Costume Components
Kentucky Wildcats basketball uniform
One very prominent unibrow
( Photo via Webpronews )
3 . Lance Armstrong
Speaking of brands , that of the seven-time Tour de France winner has been forever tarnished by the doping scandal . Nevertheless , Livestrong.com lives on , and the color yellow is still emblematic of the Armstrong brand . So with a few yellow accessories and some ultra tight cycling shorts , you can create your own Lance Armstrong costume for a night . Running with a pack on Halloween ? Get your friends to dress up as Lance 's teammates and make sure they 're willing to point fingers at you all night .
Lance Armstrong Costume Components
Yellow cycling jersey
Tight yellow or black spandex shorts
Bike helmet and gloves
Sleek sunglasses
Livestrong bracelets—lots of them
( Photo via Totalposter )
4 . Mike Ditka
As a tight end for the Chicago Bears , Ditka had a stellar career , winning the NFL Championship in 1963 . But `` the Hammer '' is better known today as the tough-guy ex-head coach of da Bears and as an NFL Live commentator on NBC . Since he 's been satirized on SNL , Ditka can be instantly recognized . Wear Ditka 's distinguishing duds , and you 'll be unmistakable .
Mike Ditka Costume Components
Collared shirt and tie , worn under ...
Mid-80s Chicago Bears team sweater
Manicured mustache
Aviator sunglasses
Slicked-back hair
Intimidating scowl ( optional )
( Photo via Jeffpearlman )
5 . Andre Agassi
Can you pretend to be an eight-time tennis Grand Slam champion ? Dress up for Halloween as tennis star Andre Agassi—circa 1990 . You could be a bald , drug-free , newer version of Agassi , but that 's not a lot of fun . Instead , show up as Andre in his prime , wearing an 80s headband and a garish tennis jacket .
Andre Agassi Costume Components
Long glorious hair and/or mullet
Headband
Colorful 90s tennis jacket
An `` I 'm here to shake up the stuffy sport of tennis '' five o'clock shadow
Nike tennis shoes of course
( Photo via All About Tennis )
6 . Troy Polamalu
Even from the nosebleed section during a snowstorm , you can always tell where Troy Polamalu is on the field . He 's got that look . In addition to his ferociously aggressive playing style , `` The Tasmanian Devil '' has a prodigious mane of black hair spilling out of the back of his helmet and covering the name on his jersey .
Troy Polamalu Costume Components
Pittsburgh Steelers uniform or jersey , number 43
Frizzy mane of long , black hair
A big smile
( Photo via Sports Illustrated )
7 . Ricky Vaughn
The only fictional athlete on our list , from the 1989 film , Major League , `` Wild Thing '' is one of the most easily recognized characters in sports cinema .
Ricky Vaughn Costume Components
Navy blue turtleneck , worn unde r ...
r ... Cleveland Indians uniform
Chief Wahoo Indians cap
Thick-rimmed , black `` poindexter '' glasses
( Photo via Up North Trips )
8 . Dennis Rodman
One of the most against-the-grain athletes ever to grace a basketball court , `` The Worm '' was famous for his rabid rebounding , crazy on-court antics and outrageous body art . Later , he made cross-dressing an art form . Rodman always had something shocking to show off , so your options are extensive .
Dennis Rodman Costume Components
Chicago Bulls jersey , number 91
Afro wigs in a brilliant color
Large hoop rings in your nose , ears and lips
Tattoos on every available surface , except your face
( Photo via Celebritiesheight.com )
9 . Bill Belichick
Although many people might not know you by name , they will certainly know who you are when you show up as the New England Patriots ' head coach . Most coaches look presentable on the sidelines , many wearing team jackets , but Belichick looks kind of like a homeless man who found a headset . Got ta respect him for his individuality !
Bill Belichick Costume Components
Middle-age comb-over
Hooded Patriots sweatshirt with sleeves cut off
Motorola headset
Bags under your eyes
( Photo via Rumors and Rants )
10 . Ryan Lochte
In the wake of the 2012 London Olympics , what better sports figure to dress as than the camera-friendly Ryan Lochte ? Known for his inspired swimming and less-than-impressive interview skills , Lochte won a total of 5 medals in London ( 2 gold ) . With the following costume components , you will look like Lochte at your Halloween bash .
Ryan Lochte Costume Components
Swimmer 's warm-up jacket
Black shower cap and goggles
Team USA Speedo
Gold medals !
Shiny American flag grill
( Photo via Zap2it )
We hope you 've found inspiration in this guide to dressing up as a distinctive looking sports figure for Halloween . If you 're still clueless about your costume , that 's your problem . We 've done our part to save Halloween .
Photo Credit : Getty Images // Thinkstock
An 8-year-old Ohio boy wanted a cheeseburger so badly , he got behind the wheel of his dad 's van and took matters into his own hands , police said .
The boy said it was simple : He just watched some YouTube videos on how to drive a car , according to investigators . Before long , they said he chauffeured his sister effortlessly to the McDonald 's half a mile from his East Palestine home while his parents were sleeping .
3 CANADIANS DROVE 500 MILES TO TRY MCDONALD 'S PIZZA
Witnesses said the 8-year-old obeyed all traffic laws like making sure to stop properly at red lights , waiting for traffic to pass before taking a left turn , and staying within the speed limits , Fox 5 reported .
When the two siblings pulled up to the drive-through window with piggy bank money in tow , the McDonald 's workers were convinced this was all a prank .
“ The workers thought that the parents were in the back , but obviously they were n't , ” responding patrolman Jacob Koehler told WFMJ .
NORTH CAROLINA MCDONALD 'S DRIVE-THRU ALLEGEDLY HACKED
When confronted by the police , the boy realized he had done something wrong and told Koehler through tears that he just really wanted a cheeseburger , according to the Weirton Daily Times .
The children did get to eat at McDonald 's while they waited for their grandparents to pick them up . No charges are being filed .
1986 studio album by World Class Wreckin ' Cru
Rapped in Romance is the only studio album by American Los Angeles-based electro-hop group the World Class Wreckin ' Cru . It was released in 1986 on Epic . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] Cli-N-Tel left the group during the fall of 1985 which led to Lonzo recruiting Shakespeare to join the group . [ 3 ]
After this album , Dr. Dre and DJ Yella left the group , leading to the formation of gangsta rap group N.W.A , while Lonzo Williams would form a new Wreckin Cru and enjoy some moderate mainstream success with the song `` Turn Off The Lights '' .
Track listing [ edit ]
No . Title Producer ( s ) Length 1 . `` Mission Possible '' Lonzo
Dr.Dre ( co . )
DJ Yella ( co. ) 5:32 2 . `` He 's Bionic '' Dr. Dre
Lonzo ( co . )
Shakespere ( co. ) 4:04 3 . `` B.S . '' Dr. Dre
Lonzo 5:08 4 . `` Love Letter '' Lonzo 5:22 5 . `` The Fly '' Lonzo
Shakespere ( co. ) 5:06 6 . `` World Class Freak '' Lonzo
Dr. Dre ( co . )
DJ Yella ( co. ) 4:06 7 . `` Wreckin Cru Blues '' Lonzo
Dr. Dre ( co. ) 6:58 8 . `` Masters Of Romance '' Lonzo
DJ Yella ( co. ) 6:36 Total length : 41:14
Personnel [ edit ]
Alonzo Williams - vocals , producer , mixing
Andre Young - vocals , producer , drum programming , keyboards , scratches , mixing
Antoine Carraby - vocals , co-producer , drum programming , keyboards , percussion , scratches , mixing
Bernard Severe - vocals , co-producer , keyboards , mixing
Mona Lisa Young - vocals
Keypunch - keyboards
Larkin Arnold - executive producer
Bernie Grundman - mastering
Donovan Smith - mixing
Penny Wolin - photography
Ontario is set to ban e-cigarette and medical marijuana users from smoking or vaporizing anywhere regular cigarettes are prohibited .
`` We have made a determination that smoking whatever it is — whether it 's vaping , whether it 's medical marijuana , whether it 's cigarettes — that there should be restrictions on that , '' Premier Kathleen Wynne said Thursday .
`` And so the rules will apply to marijuana , to medical marijuana , to vaping as they do to cigarettes . ''
The new rules come months after the Liberal government backtracked on electronic cigarette regulations just one day after an exemption for medical marijuana users came to light .
The rules will apply to marijuana , to medical marijuana to vaping as they do to cigarettes . - Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne
The e-cigarette rules were supposed to come into effect Jan. 1 to ban their use in enclosed public places , workplaces and certain outdoor areas .
But after the public learned of the medical marijuana exemption and that it meant users could vaporize in restaurants , at work or on playgrounds , the government put the rules on hold and went back to the drawing board .
Associate Health Minister Dipika Damerla is set to announce the government 's second attempt at the regulations today . She said last fall that it was too early to tell whether or not the original exemption was a failure .
The government says these new regulations will be posted for consultation and they will continue to get feedback from experts .
The Bell Recovery
In November 1994 The Great Lakes Shipwreck Historical Society ( GLSHS ) was invited to Mariner 's Church in Detroit , Michigan because of concern expressed by family members surviving the Fitzgerald 's lost crew . Advancements in diving technology were allowing more and more divers to visit the wrecksite . As the Fitzgerald is the final resting-place for their beloved husbands , fathers , sons and brothers , the families were not in favor of the site being disturbed .
GLSHS Executive Director Tom Farnquist , and Tim Ascew , Director of Marine Operations for Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institute , listened to the families ' plea that their grief was still painfully acute after nearly 20 years . The families were seeking a way to bring closure to their feelings of loss .
The discussion led to the families ' suggestion that one , single significant artifact be recovered from the wreck to serve as a symbolic memorial . The ship 's bell , which was attached to the roof of the pilothouse , was unanimously selected to serve this important purpose . Further , it was suggested that a replica bell , inscribed with the names of the lost crewmen , be placed on the wreck as a permanent grave marker .
Following this meeting , GLSHS set to work contacting a long list of U.S. and Canadian governmental agencies and owners of the wreck . It was also necessary to locate and secure nautical vessel support , underwater contractors , and contributors . In June of 1995 , the Canadian Government granted permission to recover the bell on humanitarian grounds . Recovery was set for Tuesday , July 4 , 1995 .
Preliminary Dives
Towards the end of June , a small fleet gathered over the wrecksite off Whitefish Point . The primary vessels were the HMCS Cormorant , a 245-foot Canadian Navy ship , with two submersibles aboard , the SDL-1 and Pisces IV ; the Anglian Lady , one of the largest tugboats on the Great Lakes , based in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario ; the Antiquarian , the Shipwreck Society 's primary diving vessel ; and the Northlander , an 85-foot private yacht owned by David Dalquist of Duluth , Minnesota to carry the family members to the recovery site . Two smaller craft , donated by Four Winns , were used as shuttles .
Preliminary dives were conducted from HMCS Cormorant using manned submersibles during the week preceding the recovery . National Geographic sent its most qualified underwater photographer , Emory Kristof , to help organize the expedition . Kristof was one of the first men to visit Titanic in her underwater habitat .
Monday , July 3 , 1995 the tug Anglian Lady positioned herself above the Fitzgerald wreck site . A series of dives using the NEWTSUIT diving system , designed and constructed by Phil Nuytten of Vancouver , BC prepared for the delicate procedure of recovering the bell . NEWTSUIT Diver Bruce Fuoco worked late into the evening of July 3 at a depth of 535 feet . A special underwater cutting torch was used to separate the bell from the roof of the pilothouse .
Sony Corporation loaned the use of its prototype High Definition Television Camera and provided technician Jeffrey Cree for support of filming the Fitzgerald bell recovery . The Sault Ste . Marie Tribe of Chippewa Indians backed the expedition by co-signing a loan in the amount of $ 250,000 . GLSHS retired the entire debt in 1998 without any outside financial assistance .
Breaking the Surface
With everything in place , the bell of the Edmund Fitzgerald broke water at 1:25 pm July 4 , 1995 as
family members watched aboard Northlander . A wreath was placed on the water following the recovery . Family members there that day finally had the opportunity to express their grief , say goodbye and for some , bring closure after 20 years . Shortly thereafter , the replica bell was placed on the pilothouse in the same location as the original bell , again by NEWTSUIT .
The bell was transported aboard HMCS Cormorant to Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario , where it was respectfully displayed to the public . On Friday , July 7 , the bell was formally presented to the family members by Diane Cunningham , Ontario Minister of Inter-Governmental Affairs . In a ceremony titled “ Call to the Last Watch ” the bell was then tolled 30 times , 29 for each man who lost his life on the Fitzgerald , with the final toll for all sailors who have died on the Great Lakes .
Cleaning and Restoration of the Fitzgerald 's Bell
The Center for Maritime and Underwater Resource Management ( CMURM ) of Michigan State University performed the initial cleaning of the bell in July of 1995 , immediately following the recovery by GLSHS on July 4 . CMURM then delivered the bell to the Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum at Whitefish Point . From there , GLSHS continued restoring the bell for use as the centerpiece of a memorial to the 29 men who died in the sinking of the Edmund Fitzgerald .
The bell 's Memorial display can be seen at the Shipwreck Museum each season , from mid-May to mid-October . The Museum is open every day during this season from 10 am to 6 pm . The Fitzgerald exhibit in the Museum also includes a full-size replica of the NEWTSUIT .
Shop the Shipwreck Coast Museum Store online for books , videos , prints and memorabilia on the loss and legacy of the S.S. Edmund Fitzgerald .
Some fans would rather give up on football , and possibly life altogether , than follow another team . They are missing out
From the semi-scholarly ruminations of journal articles to the caps-locked rage of online message boards , the nature of the `` proper '' football supporter is regularly debated . An indisputably important feature of this proper supporter 's make-up – ranking in importance alongside the ownership of matching his 'n ' hers training jackets – is loyalty to one club .
Reinforced by patronising adverts paid for by corporate sponsors , this one-eyed devotion to a single cause – beyond good sense and , sometimes , beyond even basic standards of decency – has acquired such weight as a measure of superior fandom that any deviation from its course represents something sinister . The true supporter would sooner give up his or her interest in football , and possibly life altogether , than follow another team .
As a consequence of this position , the fan who switches allegiance in the pursuit of something more satisfying lacks credibility . In football , the exercising of choice is fundamentally suspect ; taking what you are given , however bad , and sticking with it through thin and thinner is crucial to the true fan 's identity . In this area of moral absolutes , the second team is a pleasingly raffish and ambiguous idea , enabling fans to experience the thrill of novelty while avoiding accusations of dilettantism .
Properly selected , the second team can be both a source of variety and a form of compensation for the failings of the club to which you have indefinitely , and possibly regrettably , shackled yourself . If your given team consists of lower-league journeymen , high on commitment and Bovril but low on technical quality , the sensible second-team choice is a high-flying Premier League outfit fizzing with slipper-shod creatives , all of whom are plunged into existential despair at the mere thought of pumping the ball down the channels for the forward to chase .
The second team is also an imaginative exercise , allowing us to try on new , and probably less dysfunctional , football identities . For example , the quotidian experience of supporting one of the less celebrated top-flight English clubs – ones of the type habitually managed by Mark Hughes – can be leavened with the imported glamour of a foreign second choice . However briefly , we are invited to try out a new personality ; how would our lives be different , and what sort of person could we be , if circumstances had determined that the object of our support would take the form of the touch and impudence of Lionel Messi , rather than the hard-working , cloth-capped sincerity of Jonathan Walters ?
In recent years , I have found solace from the daily grind of supporting Coventry City through an interest in Roma . Both clubs have a record of instability and uncertainty , but players such as Francesco Totti and Daniele de Rossi are capable of making this bearable in a way that journeyman centre-back Andy Webster ca n't .
There are also worthy and practical reasons for following a second team that even the most dedicated one-club supporter should be able to understand . Often , a second team is necessitated by convenience ; it can be a source of regular football for those geographically estranged from the primary focus of their support .
In the era of escalating ticket prices in the top divisions , casually following a team from the non-league can provide an affordable form of live football . Indeed , even a European second team may prove a more economical way of watching a game than attending top-division matches in the UK . We are constantly reminded that the cost of tickets and transport to a Bundesliga contest amounts to less than the price of a packet of Frazzles .
Generally , the second team is the preserve of the lower-league supporter , casting around for some association with glory and searching for a more meaningful engagement with the suffocating spectacle of the Premier League .
It is hard to imagine a Manchester United fan eagerly scouring the web for news of Alfreton Town 's result , mainly because there is insufficient coverage of the Conference Premier to make taking an interest worthwhile . Without the lure of a personal connection – geographical or familial – the big-club supporter has little need of the respite provided by a second team .
The experience of casually following another club will never match the emotions provoked by serious and monogamous support . But sometimes it 's nice to appreciate a game on its own merit , free of the lengthy pre-existing narrative of optimism , disappointment and financial exploitation you share with your team .
A second club can provide a less complicated form of enjoyment , without demanding huge chunks of your time or emotional energy . You can follow the results , or watch the high- lights , and the pressures of being a `` proper '' supporter are temporarily relieved . There is no need to dwell too deeply on failures and no obligation to buy a training jacket .
• This article first appeared on When Saturday Comes
• Follow When Saturday Comes on Twitter
• Follow Guardian Football on Facebook
A Look At For Honor 's Maps : The Vikings
With the imminent release of Ubisoft 's For Honor on the horizon , the hype for the fighting game is sky-high . While the game features a campaign , the majority of the game 's draw lies in its player vs player combat , with gamers choosing between three different factions with which to defeat their enemies . At GeekReply , we want to make sure our readers are informed and ready to hit the ground running when the game launches , so we 've launched a series of pages taking a look at the beautiful combat environments available in For Honor . In this article we take a look at the faction maps for the Vikings .
The Vikings
River Forts
With the Vikings being a sea-faring nation , the forts situated on the river protect their settlements from ship-based invasion . The fort 's powerful catapults sink ships before they pose a threat . The fort is a typical Viking settlement , with all of the area 's style reflecting the aesthetic of the proud warrior people . Many of the forts were transformed from a small sea\side village into a fully-fledged siege engine battery .
Canyon
Following the Cataclysm , the world 's environment is dotted with these massive divots in the landscape . Warrior peoples build bridges to cross the gaps , and the canyons seem to be more prevalent in Viking land . The Vikings have taken advantage of the Canyon environment , going so far as to build on and inhabit them rather than just build paths across .
Take a look at our Samurai and Knights articles too to have an idea of what to expect for For Honor 's launch on February 14th .
White House Was Aware Of CIA 's Attempt To File Criminal Complaint Against Senate Staffers ; Did Nothing To Stop It
from the disgraceful dept
As the scandal over the CIA spying on Senate staffers charged with oversight of the CIA deepens , it 's now come out that the White House was fully aware that the CIA was pushing forward with a criminal complaint against those very same staffers and did nothing to stop it . It 's been reported that the White House is standing strongly behind the CIA on this one , and that report confirms some of the serious Constitutional/separation of powers questions that have been raised over this incident.Having the White House be supportive of the CIA not only spying on its overseers , but then ( even more ridiculously ) filing a criminal complaint against those same staffers forspeaks volumes about how this White House views Congressional oversight of its giant spying machine . It views it with contempt . It only reinforces how the claims that have been stated repeatedly over the past few months that there is plenty of oversight of the intelligence community are completely hogwash .
Filed Under : cia , senate intelligence committee , spying scandal , torture , White House
The principle of the least astonishment ( POLA ; and variations of `` principle/law/rule of the least astonishment/surprise '' ) [ 1 ] [ 2 ] applies to user interface and software design . [ 3 ] A typical formulation of the principle , from 1984 , is : `` If a necessary feature has a high astonishment factor , it may be necessary to redesign the feature . `` [ 4 ]
More generally , the principle means that a component of a system should behave in a way that most users will expect it to behave ; the behavior should not astonish or surprise users . [ citation needed ]
Formulation [ edit ]
A textbook formulation is : `` People are part of the system . The design should match the user 's experience , expectations , and mental models . `` [ 5 ]
The choice of `` least surprising '' behavior can depend on the expected audience ( for example , end users , programmers , or system administrators ) . [ 1 ]
In more practical terms , the principle aims to leverage the pre-existing knowledge of users to minimize the learning curve , for instance by designing interfaces that borrow heavily from `` functionally similar or analogous programs with which your users are likely to be familiar '' . [ 1 ] User expectations in this respect may be closely related to a particular computing platform or tradition . For example , Unix command line programs are expected to follow certain conventions with respect to switches , [ 1 ] and widgets of Microsoft Windows programs are expected to follow certain conventions with respect to keyboard shortcuts . [ 6 ] In more abstract settings like an API , the expectation that function or method names intuitively match their behavior is another example . [ 7 ] This practice also involves the application of sensible defaults . [ 4 ]
When two elements of an interface conflict , or are ambiguous , the behavior should be that which will the least surprise the user ; in particular a programmer should try to think of the behavior that will the least surprise someone who uses the program , rather than that behavior that is natural from knowing the inner workings of the program . [ 4 ]
Examples [ edit ]
A website could have an input field that focuses automatically after the page loads , [ 8 ] such as a search field ( e.g . Google Custom Search ) , or the username field of a login form . Sites offering keyboard shortcuts often allow pressing ? to see the available shortcuts . Examples include Gmail [ 9 ] and Jira . [ 10 ]
In Windows operating systems and some desktop environments for Linux , the F1 function key typically opens the help program for an application . A similar keyboard shortcut in macOS is ⌘ Command + ⇧ Shift + / . Users expect a help window or context menu when they press the usual help shortcut key ( s ) . Software that instead uses this shortcut for another feature is likely to cause astonishment if no help appears . Malware may exploit user familiarity with regular shortcuts . [ 11 ]
A programming language 's standard library usually provides a function similar to the pseudocode ParseInteger ( string , radix ) , which creates a machine-readable integer from a string of human-readable digits . The radix conventionally defaults to 10 , meaning the string is interpreted as decimal ( base 10 ) . This function usually supports other bases , like binary ( base 2 ) and octal ( base 8 ) , but only when they are specified explicitly . In a departure from this convention , JavaScript defaults to base 8 for strings beginning with `` 0 '' , causing developer confusion and software bugs . [ 12 ]
See also [ edit ]
Justice authorities in western Germany are facing a barrage of criticism after a convicted rapist and murderer killed his girlfriend during a conjugal visit at a prison on Sunday .
Klaus-Dieter H. , 50 , who had been in jail for 19 years for raping and beating to death a nine-year-old girl , had been regularly allowed to have unsupervised meetings in jail with a 46-year-old single mother he had got to know five years ago . She had written him letters in the jail in Remscheid , in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia , and they had fallen in love .
Soon after they met , they applied for permission to have conjugal visits in what prisoners called the `` love cell , '' and received permission . `` The two wanted to stay together after his release , that 's why we allowed the visits without supervision -- so that the relationship would have a chance , '' prison director Katja Grafweg told a news conference .
The woman visited Klaus-Dieter H. shortly after 9 a.m. on Sunday morning . As usual , they were permitted to spend six hours together without supervision . When prison guards unlocked the cell after the time was up , a horrific scene awaited them : The woman was lying dead on the floor , half-naked , with a fractured skull , four stab wounds in the chest and strangulation marks on her neck .
'We Did n't Think He Was Capable of That '
Klaus-Dieter H. was lying on the sofa with slashed wrists , but was taken to hospital and survived after undergoing emergency surgery . `` We definitely did n't think he was capable of that , '' said Grafweg .
A broken steak knife , a fillet knife and a nut wrench were found by the woman 's side . Prisoners ' visitors are allowed to bring bags into the `` love cell . '' Those bags are not routinely checked , police said .
Klaus-Dieter H. had been up for a parole hearing to determine whether he should be released next year . Bild newspaper reported that the woman had told him during their meeting that she was splitting up with him .
This is the third incidence of apparent security problems at a prison in North Rhine-Westphalia in recent years , and the state 's justice minister , Roswitha Müller-Piepenkötter , is facing opposition calls to resign . Last November , two criminals escaped from a prison in the western city of Aachenwith relative ease , sparking a nationwide debate about security standards in jail .
Four years before , three prisoners in a jail in Siegburg , near Bonn , tortured and killed a fellow inmate .
'Horrific Deed '
Müller-Piepenkötter , whose conservative Christian Democratic Union party is campaigning to remain in power in a key state election on May 9 , expressed her condolences to the relatives of the murdered woman . `` It is especially tragic that a woman who wanted to give a prisoner affection and support was killed by him , '' she said .
The minister has been called to testify on the incident before a committee of the state parliament on Wednesday .
A leading member of the opposition center-left Social Democrats , Ralf Jäger , said Müller-Piepenkötter would have to answer a number of questions about the incident . `` I ask myself how such a horrific deed can happen unnoticed in a jail in North Rhine-Westphalia , '' he said in a statement . `` Where were the prison guards ? Why did no one come to the aid of the victim ? Was there no panic button in the visiting room , and what about the victim 's cries for help that should have been heard ? ''
Donated by : Julian Assange
This is your opportunity to meet and have lunch with one of the most compelling and controversial figures of our time — Julian Assange .
Assange is a publisher and journalist , best known as the editor-in-chief of WikiLeaks , which he founded in 2006 . His efforts have earned him not only strong supporters and powerful enemies , but the people 's choice `` Person of the Year '' from Time magazine in 2010 .
Threatened with prosecution from the United States government for his publishing activities , Assange was granted asylum in the Embassy of Ecuador , London , where he has lived since June 2012 .
The winner and a guest will meet Assange at the Embassy ( located in Knightsbridge , London . ) Over lunch you will discuss global political and security issues . Added Bonus : security tips for your laptop or mobile device , expert advice in geopolitics , privacy and managing an organisation under fire , by Assange .
`` Children are a vulnerable group : a group that needs nurturing . As a father , it pains me deeply to think of the great number of children who die without access to medicine , clean water and food : an entirely preventable problem . Today 's children will also inherit our world , and bring great changes to it . We must nurture and protect this generation , so that it can bring to bear its full potential in the world . Nowhere is this more true than in India and Africa . WikiLeaks ' first publication was published from Africa . WikiLeaks ' largest English-speaking readership is India . WikiLeaks has in the past exposed cases of child abuse and unmasked corruption that directly affected minors . I believe that transparency for the powerful liberates the disenfranchised . We are not doing nearly enough for children in the world 's most neglected populations , but this is a small and important way of helping . '' - Julian Assange
Renouncing Pablo Escobar 's Sins , His Son Trafficks In Motivational Talks
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eduardo Di Baia/AP images Eduardo Di Baia/AP images
Like the offspring of other crime godfathers , the son of the late Colombian cocaine kingpin Pablo Escobar was expected to follow his father into the family business . Instead , he has come clean .
The son , the former Juan Pablo Escobar , has changed his name to Sebastián Marroquín . In response to the many homes and offices his father destroyed with car bombs , he studied architecture so he could put up buildings . And he spends much of his time barnstorming across Latin America as a motivational speaker , denouncing the illegal drug trade and his father 's ultra-violent ways .
`` I feel I have a moral responsibility to go before society , recognize my father 's crimes and to apologize to the victims of these crimes , '' Marroquín tells NPR .
During the 1980s and early 90s , Pablo Escobar , the founder of the Medellín cocaine cartel , exploded car bombs , killed policemen and blew up an airliner . He was responsible for the deaths of some 3,000 Colombians . In the course of shipping tons of Colombian cocaine to the United States , he became a billionaire .
`` We had many cars , houses , helicopters and airplanes , '' Marroquín tells a crowd packed into a bullring in the Mexican city of Aguascalientes . `` We had every type of luxury you could imagine . ''
Speaking in a flat monotone behind the podium , Marroquín , 39 , lacks a dynamic stage presence . But his surreal stories , along with a slideshow of family photos , hold the audience for the full 90 minutes .
As a teenager , Marroquín owned a fleet of motorcycles and had his own bachelor pad . He asked his father for an F-15 fighter jet on his 14th birthday but instead received a Ferrari Testarossa .
However , his high-priced toys were impossible to enjoy because the Escobars were constantly on the run . Marroquín recalls going hungry , even though one of their hideouts was overflowing with $ 3 million in cash .
`` I asked myself : What 's the point of having so much money if you ca n't even go out to the corner grocery to buy bread ? '' he says .
In 1993 , Pablo Escobar was gunned down on a Medellín rooftop by Colombian police .
Marroquin , who was only 16 , decided to forge his own path . Not only was he traumatized by his father 's violent death , but the rival Cali cartel had vowed to kill surviving Escobar family members . After receiving new identities from the Colombian government , Marroquin , along with his girlfriend , mother and sister , moved to Argentina .
It was a difficult transition . Accustomed to bodyguards and servants , Marroquín was suddenly on his own .
`` I was afraid to go into McDonald 's and order a burger . I had always been isolated . I lived in a bubble , '' he says .
In Buenos Aires , Marroquin studied industrial design and architecture . But when clients learned his true identity , work dried up . In addition , he and his mother were briefly imprisoned on money-laundering charges , but were cleared by Argentina 's Supreme Court in 2006 .
After that , rather than hiding from his past , Marroquín began giving conferences on what he 's learned from his family 's violent legacy . He also sought out the victims .
One is Jorge Lara , the son of Rodrigo Lara , a Colombian justice minister who was one of Escobar 's fiercest critics . Escobar 's hit men killed Rodrigo Lara in 1984 and Jorge , who was only 6 , watched as bodyguards pulled his father 's corpse from his bullet-riddled car .
After Marroquín apologized to Lara , the two became friends .
`` People tell me sometimes : 'How can you talk to that guy ? ' '' Lara says . `` But he 's traveling around , talking about it . He 's not hiding . So , he 's a very brave guy . But he 's got a very difficult life . ''
Another victim is a former Colombian vice president , Francisco Santos , who in 1990 was kidnapped on Escobar 's orders and chained to a bed for eight months , after which he was released . Still , he admires the son .
`` When Pablo Escobar was killed , [ Marroquín ] was a 16-year-old kid with a huge burden to carry for the rest of his life — a burden that he is not responsible for , '' Santos says . `` He wants to move on . You do n't see very many examples of that . On the contrary , you see [ relatives of criminals ] justifying those crimes and why things were done . He 's not . ''
Marroquín tells his story in his autobiography , Pablo Escobar : My Father , a best-seller in Latin America which has just been published in the U.S. After his performances , fans line up to get their copies signed . In the book and in his talks , Marroquín tells young people to avoid the lure of drug gangs . To remove their power , he urges public officials to legalize cocaine .
And he asks forgiveness for the sins of his father .
Marroquín 's contrition comes as Colombia braces for a process of national reconciliation . On Sept. 26 , the government and Marxist rebels will sign a historic peace treaty to end a half-century of guerrilla war . That conflict has killed more than 200,000 people .
But not all Colombians are in a forgiving mood . Marroquín is still viewed by many in his homeland as a thug . That 's because in the moments after his father was gunned down , he vowed revenge , telling a Colombian radio station : `` I am going to kill all those SOBs . ''
During the question-and-answer period at his talk , Ines Sarmiento , a Colombian woman , says her father was kidnapped during the height of Colombia 's drug war . She adds that due to Escobar 's violence , Colombians abroad are often viewed as criminals .
As Marroquín listens intently , Sarmiento declares : `` I suffered from the things that your father did . ''
When planning for long-duration space travel , many people would think along the lines of not forgetting a towel or something of that nature . But we on Earth who are spoiled by the astounding pictures beamed from space must realize that even astronauts can get tired of looking at the same few walls for months at a time .
Scott Kelly is going to spend a year in space in 2015 , and he highlighted boredom as one of the things he will need to fight against during his time on the International Space Station .
“ There are things I will do a little bit differently with regards to pacing myself . You would n't think this is true , but you do have to kind of stay entertained over that kind of period , ” said Scott Kelly in a NASA interview late last week , which you can watch above .
“ No matter how exciting that kind of things is , no matter how beautiful the Earth is , when you 're doing it for a year there is still the factor of trying to keep yourself engaged and interested . ”
Kelly also highlighted some of the training challenges he will face being that he will be up there twice as long as the typical six-month space station mission . While it wo n't take twice as long to do emergency training , he is required to do it with twice as many astronauts/cosmonauts because he will be working with four crews in space .
He also will train with two different Soyuz spacecraft commanders ( which will add “ complexity ” , he noted ) and have twice as much science to perform . That includes several “ twin ” studies where scientists will compare Kelly and his identical brother Mark , a four-time shuttle flyer who retired from the program in 2011 .
Another lesson learned from his last six-month flight in 2010 ? “ I know what I want to bring this time that I did n't have last time , ” Kelly said , although he did n't elaborate on what those items are .
Kelly and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko will begin their mission just under one year from now .
Two years after accusations of racism nearly tore down her empire , Paula Deen posted a photo of her son in brownface on Twitter
Two years after accusations of racism nearly tore down her empire , Paula Deen ( and her team ) appear to have learned exactly nothing .
View photos Bobby Deen and Paula Deen ( Larry Busacca/Getty Images ) More
Tuesday morning , the deep-fried dogmatist posted a # TransformationTuesday photo on Twitter , featuring herself as I Love Lucy 's Lucy , her former producer Gordon Elliott , and her son Bobby Deen — in brownface — as Ricky . The tweet , which read `` Lucyyyyyyy ! You got a lot of esplainin ' to do ! # Transformation Tuesday @ BobbyDeen , '' has since been deleted , but not before it was saved , well , everywhere . ( For the record , the photo itself is not a new one : it 's actually from the 2011 Halloween episode of her Food Network show , Paula 's Best Dishes . Then again , it was no less racist then . )
In 2013 , Deen lost nearly all of her business relationships after a former employee sued her claiming sexual and racial discrimination . In the suit , an employee claimed Deen had hired black waiters to dress like `` slaves '' for a plantation-themed wedding . During the court proceedings , Deen admitted to having used the n-word on multiple occasions .
Related : Celebrity Scandals ! What 's a Brand to Do ?
Maybe Paula did n't mean all of those teary apologies ? Or maybe she learns slower than a hog covered in molasses . This family ...
Yahoo reached out to Deen 's representation for comment . Her publicist Jaret Keller declined to provide a response on the record .
However , her reps later issued a statement to People , blaming a Deen employee for the post . `` Paula Deen 's Social Media Manager posted a picture this morning of Paula and Bobby Deen dressed in costume as Lucy and Ricky , from I Love Lucy . This photograph is from a Halloween episode of Paula 's Best Dishes that aired in 2011 . Paula immediately had this picture taken down as soon as she saw the post and apologizes to all who were offended . As such , Paula Deen Ventures has terminated their relationship with this Social Media Manager . ''
First Listen : Real Estate , 'Days '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the artist Real Estate 's new album , Days , comes out Oct. 18 . Courtesy of the artist
Audio for this feature is no longer available .
Real Estate does n't take long to set a tone of wistful , rose-colored nostalgia on Days , its second album of reverb-y beach-pop . From the very first words out of singer-guitarist Martin Courtney 's mouth — `` Back when we had it so easy / I would surrender completely '' — it 's clear that Courtney looks to wallow in the past as a means of escaping the burden of now .
Given that The Beach Boys made a virtually eternal career out of a similar formula — cheery romanticism that masks an undercurrent of alienated melancholy — it 's easy to get behind Real Estate 's winsome charms , which are surprisingly well suited to the arrival of cool weather . The band 's music may cry out to be heard through a beachside boom box on the New Jersey shore , but Courtney 's words look back in bittersweet regret : `` Our careless lifestyle / It was not so unwise , '' he sings in the chorus of `` Green Aisles . ''
Like The Pains of Being Pure at Heart , the sounds being evoked are n't just the pop and rock of '60s beaches and garages , but also the low-power radio of '90s dorm rooms . But regardless of the source material , the gently chiming ringers on Days ( out Oct. 18 ) stand up to the weight of scrutiny and history . These sun-dappled gems recall comforting classics from countless eras , in the process calling to mind both bucolic settings and the confused , hopeful youth that made those places sing out in the first place .
When we started talking about creating a mobile app for our candidates , we were pretty clueless about what it would actually take to build a mobile app . We knew generally that we wanted something cool , fun to use , and really slick , but none of us had ever built a mobile app before .
We jumped on the React Native train and we 're glad we did . These are some of the things we thought about when we made the decision and some of the things we learned along the way .
Reasons to use React Native
We 're web developers , not iOS developers . I 've been to a few meetups in NYC about how cool Swift is and how Objective C is still relevant , but I 'm the most comfortable writing Ruby and Javascript . Our team had started using Facebook 's React in early 2015 and initial react ( ion ) was overwhelmingly positive . When React Native came on the scene , we were initially skeptical ( cross device platforms can be problematic ) . But the more we looked into it , the more we liked it . These are the most compelling reasons for us :
Learn once , write anywhere Cross-device platforms are generally bad . They usually satisfy the lowest common denominator and the result is almost always sub-optimal . React Native uses the same React.js framework , but writing for Android vs iOS are actually different projects with some shared code . That means code for each device can be written specifically for that device using entirely native ( surprise ! ) components .
Declarative views We fell in love with React 's declarative views when we used them for the web , being able to use declarative views on iOS development was a huge plus for us as it meant more predictable code and less bugginess .
https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reactive_programming Flexbox for mobile We did n't know for sure how the constraints solver works for iOS , but we were n't sure we wanted to go down that road . Lucky for us , React Native uses flexbox , which by now is supported by almost every browser and makes layouts much more intuitive . ( in our humble opinion ) https : //css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/
iOS constraints
flexbox
Javascript This falls into the category of what we do n't know ( Objective C and Swift ) . To state the obvious , not having to learn another language really cuts down on development time ! Also , we were excited about using ES6 , which react-native supports out of the box . We were avid users of coffeescript and transitioning to ES6 was easy . https : //robots.thoughtbot.com/replace-coffeescript-with-es6
Reservations about using React Native
We knew from the start that initial gains in development time might be offset by limited customizability and dependency on the existence of React Native Component . Here are some reasons we were hesitant about using React Native
Limited to React Native Ecosystem When we initially looked at React Native in September of 2015 , we saw that a lot of the iOS native elements had already been implemented and more would be on the way . However , we were still worried that a particular component we need wo n't be available in React Native . And later we did find that we had to build out our own React Native Bridge for certain SDKs ( AWS and Mixpanel ) . Bleeding Edge Updates to React Native happen quickly and code which worked on a previous build may ( on rare occasions ) become obsolete . We encountered this a few times during our development cycle and tried to mitigate its effects by upgrading intentionally only when we need a new feature followed by rigorous testing . Ungoogleable Writing code for a new system often means encountering errors no one else has seen before . The number of 'ungoogleable ' problems were significantly higher than we had ever encountered with Ruby on Rails . Oftentimes finding the solution required tenacity : referencing documentation and digging through source code ( like the good old days ) . However , much credit goes to the React Native team and its ecosystem for regular updates that address unexpected behavior .
React Native Packages
It turned out that component support for react-native was exceptional . Everything from ActivityIndicator ( the spinner ) to Alerts to Sliders worked seamlessly via Javascript . It 's hard to emphasize just how effortless it was to create a native iOS app despite not knowing Objective C or Swift . Furthermore , new packages were becoming available everyday via npm . These are a few of our favorites in no particular order :
react-native-simple-store https : //www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-simple-store We started out using AsyncStorage , but found it tedious to build the same save and get functions over and over again . Simple Store was a great solution build on top of AsyncStorage that allowed us to access the device storage simply .
Store . get ( 'user ' ) . then ( ( user ) = > { // some code } ) . catch ( ( error ) = > { console . warn ( error ) } ) . done ( )
react-native-vector-icons https : //www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-vector-icons This is the best vector icon package we found , we used a combination of FontAwesome and EvilIcons and it worked pretty flawlessly . MaterialIcons , IonIcons , and others are also available via this package .
< Icon name='trophy ' / > < EvilIcon name='check ' / >
tcomb-form-native https : //github.com/gcanti/tcomb-form-native Form creation is super easy with this package . You can define custom input types , keyboards , autocorrect , etc as you would a normal input component .
var Person = t . struct ( { name : t . String , // a required string surname : t . maybe ( t . String ) , // an optional string age : t . Number , // a required number rememberMe : t . Boolean // a boolean } ) ;
react-native-router-flux https : //github.com/aksonov/react-native-router-flux Routing made easy . Define your routes and push them into the view with one simple line of code .
Actions . dashboard ( )
Weirdness
Coming from web development , we 've encountered a few head-scratchers that were initially difficult to wrap our heads around . Here are some of them .
Styling Not that it is n't possible to create a stylesheet for RN , it 's that styles are not cascading . This makes defining styles just a big weird . We solved it with style definitions on several levels with inline over-rides .
Styles.js
module . exports = StyleSheet . create ( { title : { fontSize : 23 , textAlign : 'center ' , color : blueText , fontFamily : 'Avenir ' , fontWeight : '700 ' , } , header : { padding : 20 , paddingTop : 30 , backgroundColor : ' # fff ' , borderBottomWidth : 1 , borderBottomColor : ' # ccc ' , } , } )
Component.js
... < Text style= { [ Styles.header , { color : 'white ' } ] } > Some text < /Text > ...
Standard style would look like this :
style= { Styles.header }
Custom inline style looks like this :
style= { { color : 'white ' } }
This is how we merge the two :
style= { [ Styles.header , { color : 'white ' } ] }
It feels hacky and bad ... There 's probably a better way to do this , but it was n't obvious to us when we were figuring this out .
Circular Requires/Navigation
This is a big no no ( most circular things are bad unless it 's recursion , in which case it 's not circular just recursive ) . This can happen by accident if using NavigatorIOS . Routing for web is single-stage . You know where you are and probably where you came from , that 's about it . On iOS , views are pushed and popped onto a stack . Try to push a previously pushed component will result in an error . Attempting to simply require a component that might end up pushing the current component will cause a circular require and break . Using react-native-router-flux solved this problem for us and helped us reason about our routes in a much more scalable way .
Overall
React Native is a great way to build a mobile app . Not knowing Swift or Objective C makes it impossible to make a direct comparison but the experience is definitely a positive one . Even though RN is not without its nuances , it comes with the benefit of building a truly native app . We 're glad that we used RN to build out our first mobile app . React Native continues to get better and the ability to quickly context switch from web to mobile for our small nimble dev team is an incredible thing .
In the next few posts , I will go more in depth regarding how we solved particular problems .
Login and Authentication
API and callbacks
iOS SDKs using RNBridge
Our app is now available for download in the app store !
https : //itunes.apple.com/us/app/id1056320926
Tom Tang leads mobile development at HireArt . Feel free to reach out : tom @ hireart.com
We 'll be uploading our entire MINDS to computers by 2045 and our bodies will be replaced by machines within 90 years , Google expert claims
Ray Kurzweil , director of engineering at Google , believes we will be able to upload our entire brains to computers within the next 32 years - an event known as singularity
Our 'fragile ' human body parts will be replaced by machines by the turn of the century
And if these predictions comes true , it could make humans immortal
In just over 30 years , humans will be able to upload their entire minds to computers and become digitally immortal - an event called singularity - according to a futurist from Google .
Ray Kurzweil , director of engineering at Google , also claims that the biological parts of our body will be replaced with mechanical parts and this could happen as early as 2100 .
Kurweil made the claims during his conference speech at the Global Futures 2045 International Congress in New York at the weekend .
Scroll down for video
A science journal published claims made by Professor Daryl Bem , a physicist from Cornell University , that humans have similar psychic abilities . Eight out of nine tests were said to prove these claims yet when researchers from Edinburgh tried to replicate the results they could n't ; dismissing Professor Bem 's report
WHAT IS SINGULARITY ?
Technological singularity is the development of 'superintelligence ' brought about through the use of technology .
The first use of the term 'singularity ' refer to technological minds was by mathematician John von Neumann . Neumann in the mid-1950s .
He said : 'ever accelerating progress of technology and changes in the mode of human life , which gives the appearance of approaching some essential singularity in the history of the race beyond which human affairs , as we know them , could not continue . ' The term was then used by science fiction writer Vernor Vinge who believesbrain-computer interfaces are causes of the singularity . Ray Kurzweil cited von Neumann 's use of the term in a foreword to von Neumann 's classic The Computer and the Brain . Kurzweil predicts the singularity to occur around 2045 while Vinge predicts it will happen before 2030 .
The conference was created by Russian multimillionaire Dmitry Itskov and featured visonary talks about how the world will look by 2045 .
Kurzweil said : 'Based on conservative estimates of the amount of computation you need to functionally simulate a human brain , we 'll be able to expand the scope of our intelligence a billion-fold . '
He referred to Moore 's Law that states the power of computing doubles , on average , every two years quoting the developments from genetic sequencing and 3D printing .
In Kurweil 's book , The Singularity Is Near , he plots this development and journey towards singularity in a graph .
This singularity is also referred to as digital immortality because brains and a person 's intelligence will be digitally stored forever , even after they die .
He also added that this will be possible through neural engineering and referenced the recent strides made towards modeling the brain and technologies which can replace biological functions .
Examples of such technology given by LiveScience include the cochlear implant - an implant that is attached to the brain 's cochlear nerve and electronically stimulates it to restore hearing to someone who is deaf .
Other examples include technology that can restore motor skills after the nervous system is damaged .
Sheehy added : ' A string of recent acquisitions in the field of robotics and machine intelligence , along with the recent hiring of Ray Kurzweil as a director of engineering shows that Google is by no means done with machine learning : it is clear that the company is just getting started . ' Kurzweil is pictured
Earlier this year , doctors from Cornell University used 3D printing to create a prosthetic ear using cells of cartilage .
A solid plastic mould was printed and then filled with high-density collagen gel.The researchers then added cartilage cells into the collagen matrix .
Kurweil was invited to the conference because he has previously written books around the idea of singularity .
Expanding on this idea Martine Rothblatt , CEO of biotech company United Therapeutics introduced the idea of 'mindclones ' .
These are digital versions of humans that can live forever and can create 'mindfiles ' that are a place to store aspects of our personalities .
She said it would run on a kind of software for consciousness and told The Huffington Post : 'The first company that develops mindware will have [ as much success as ] a thousand Googles . '
Rothblatt added that the presence of mindware could lead to replacing other parts of the body with 'non-biological ' parts .
During Kurzweil 's conference talk , and in his book The Singularity Is Near , he refers to Moore 's Law of Computing , pictured . The law claims that the power of computing doubles , on average , every two years which puts us on course for singularity by 2045
This is a concept that Kurweil also discussed and was the basis of his book Fantastic Voyage .
In this book he discusses immortality and how he believes the human body will develop .
He said : 'We 're going to become increasingly non-biological to the point where the non-biological part dominates and the biological part is not important any more .
'In fact the non-biological part - the machine part - will be so powerful it can completely model and understand the biological part . So even if that biological part went away it would n't make any difference .
DIGITAL AVATARS USED TO CURE SCHIZOPHRENIA
An avatar system that can help schizophrenics control the voices in their heads is being developed by British researchers .
As part of the therapy , patients create an avatar by choosing a face and a voice for the person , or persons , they believe are inside their head .
Therapists can then encourage the patients to oppose the avatar and force it away , which boosts their confidence in dealing with their hallucinations . The first stage in the therapy is for the patient to create a computer-based avatar , by choosing the face and voice of the entity they believe is talking to them .
The system then synchronises the avatar 's lips with its speech , enabling a therapist to speak to the patient through the avatar in real-time .
The therapist encourages the patient to oppose the voice and gradually teaches them to take control of their hallucinations . The avatar does n't address the patients ' delusions directly but the study found the hallucinations improve as an overall effect of the therapy . This is because patients can interact with the avatar as though it was a real person , because they have created it , but they know it can not harm them .
Many of the voices heard by schizophrenics threaten to kill or harm them and their family .
'We 'll also have non-biological bodies - we can create bodies with nano technology , we can create virtual bodies and virtual reality in which the virtual reality will be as realistic as the actual reality .
'The virtual bodies will be as detailed and convincing as real bodies .
'We do need a body , our intelligence is directed towards a body but it does n't have to be this frail , biological body that is subject to all kinds of failure modes .
'But I think we 'll have a choice of bodies , we 'll certainly be routinely changing our parent body through virtual reality and today you can have a different body in something like Second Life , but it 's just a picture on the screen .
'Research has shown that people actually begin to subjectively identify with their avatar .
'But in the future it 's not going to be a little picture in a virtual environment you 're looking at . It will feel like this is your body and you 're in that environment and your body is the virtual body and it can be as realistic as real reality .
'So we 'll be routinely able to change our bodies very quickly as well as our environments . If we had radical life extension only we would get profoundly bored and we would run out of thing to do and new ideas .
'In additional to radical life extension we 're going to have radical life expansion .
'We 're going to have a million of virtual environments to explore that we 're going to literally expand our brains - right now we only have 300 million patterns organised in a grand hierarchy that we create ourselves .
'But we could make that 300 billion or 300 trillion . The last time we expanded it with the frontal cortex we created language and art and science . Just think of the qualitative leaps we ca n't even imagine today when we expand our near cortex again . '
VIDEO : Ray Kurzweil - Immortality by 2045
The IRS has submitted several sworn declarations to a federal district court in an attempt to explain the missing emails of former agency official Lois Lerner , as part of a case brought against the agency by a conservative watchdog group .
In the declarations , agency technology officials insisted they did everything they could to fix and recover data from the hard drive of Lerner , who is a central figure in the investigation into the agency 's targeting of conservative groups . However , they said their efforts were fruitless , and some of Lerner 's emails were lost .
The IRS submitted the declarations to comply with an order from U.S. District Judge Emmet G. Sullivan as part of Freedom of Information Act lawsuit by conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch , which said Monday the agency 's explanations were inadequate .
“ This latest IRS filing seems to treat as a joke Judge Sullivan 's order requiring the IRS to produce details about Lois Lerner 's ‘ lost ' emails , and any efforts to retrieve and produce them to Judicial Watch as required under law , ” the statement said . “ Frankly , it seems the cover-up continues . ”
The IRS says it lost the emails in 2011 when Lerner 's computer crashed . Judicial Watch , along with GOP lawmakers on Capitol Hill , has questioned how the IRS lost the emails and , in some cases , had no apparent way to retrieve them .
The declarations submitted were from five IRS officials , including two who said they personally worked on the hard drive .
In their declarations , the two IT officials insisted they did everything they could to recover Lerner 's lost files . Aaron G. Signor , an information technology specialist , recounted how he ran multiple tests on the hard drive and attempted to recover the data , but it was to no avail .
Signor said he did not recall there being any external physical damage to the hard drive , and the hard drive was later taken to be worked on by a more senior technician .
The official , John H. Minsek , also worked on the hard drive . Minsek said the drive had “ critical problems ” that could have been either electronic or mechanical in nature , or both , and he was also unable to fix it .
Sullivan had given the tax agency 30 days to file a declaration by an `` appropriate official '' to address the computer issues involving Lerner .
Lerner , who has since retired , headed the IRS unit that reviews applications for tax-exempt status , at the time when the agency was accused of subjecting conservative groups to additional scrutiny .
The Associated Press contributed to this report
The city building genre , or city sim if you would prefer , has been on something of a revival . After a good few years in the wilderness , the re-emergence , and subsequent success of Sim City a few years back has ensured a steady trickle of games from the same genre have emerged to compete for the attention of gamers . Cities Skylines is quite possibly the most well known console release of recent times , giving gamers the chance to build the city of their dreams .
But if the basic Earth based scenarios it brings are n't enough to take your fancy , or test your planning skills , there is now a much more exciting proposition… heading off to the stars to help both build , and establish , a colony on a planet found in the furthest reaches of space .
Aven Prime is an alien planet full of mystery . It is up to you to harness that mystery so you can build and expand small preset colonies into sprawling cities , in order to keep the citizens happy , well fed and above all else , safe . Oh , and you 'll have to prove your worth as a colony planner and space explorer to your elders at the same time .
With deserts , tundras , jungles and more all present across different areas of Aven Prime , you 'll need to utilise and protect your infrastructures from the harsh , dangerous realities that come from being light years from Earth .
Days , weeks , months and years have been replaced by Sols , and it is these with which you 'll need to work with in order for your success to be proven . For whilst Aven Prime is , well , primed , with fertile land , geothermal vents , plenty of water and enough opportunity for you to build your dream space base , as each Sol comes to an end , the harsh winter weather rolls in , stopping much of your good intentions in their tracks .
You 'll see your power stations – whether they be solar , wind or geothermal – halving in capacity , your farms full of vital food sources freezing over and even your greenhouses struggling to create any food substances worthy of your citizens ' time .
The winter also brings lightning storms , shard showers and more , destroying your precious structures should you not have bothered to take precautions . But even when the coldest of winters has passed , you 'll need to ensure your new found home is safe from other hazards that Aven Prime brings – most notably deadly plague spores and fungal diseases which infect your people and the giant sandworms which inhabit the world !
It 's all well and good just slamming defensive structures every few yards in the hope that these will see off any hostility , but in order to build them , or indeed anything pleasurable , you 'll need drones and Nanites . The former of these can be created , but the latter needs to be made slowly , by harnessing the world which you find yourself in , with mines , mills , chemical plants and research facilities proving invaluable . The scope for research and creation is huge , with a massive number of projects just sitting and waiting for you to spend a little time and resources on .
But you 'll need to think about each and every placement of your structures , and every single action and reaction you make , as those Nanites – and the drones which you use for creation purposes – are a rare resource . You 'll seldom be able to push your colony expansion on willy nilly without thinking about the consequences , but thankfully , being able to speed up and slow down time as you see fit is an included option , never letting Aven Colony push you into periods of boredom .
In fact , there is always something to do in ensuring your citizens are happy ; whether it be creating new tunnels so they can get from their homes to their jobs easier , cleaning up pollution by installing air vents or just scouring the landscape for prime farming spots .
New structures and activities open up at a brilliant rate , always putting you on the verge of new unlocks , teasing you to keep playing and to keep you going back even when you think you have had enough . Aven Colony really is one of those games which see the hours turn to days and the days to weeks , as you easily lose track of real world time , instead involving yourself in the new Sols . There is real pleasure to be had too , especially as you first open up new trade routes with orbiting ships , or when you send your worshippers off on long distance expeditions to the deepest darkest corners of space . It is only by spending time with Aven Colony in which you 'll really discover everything it has to throw at you .
I have to admit to being pretty wowed by what the world of Aven Prime delivers . Its very nature means that it wo n't be for all – especially if you ca n't think of anything worse than managing a city – but even though it 's a relatively simple process to see you creating an established colony full of diversity , it 'll take you much much longer to really reap the benefits of what you sow . Thankfully the campaign based side of the game walks you through things brilliantly , never confusing or pushing you beyond your capabilities and instead delivering just enough action and tense moments when they are needed . Of course , if you wish to go mad and really put your own stamp on things , even when the overall campaign objectives have been met , you can keep your colonisation going forever more – if only in the hope you 'll discover something magical from the depths of space .
Alternatively , should you feel that following objectives and missions is all you need in life , then claiming victory and moving on to the next scenario will ensure your planning of cities never gets old . But there is just as much fun available should you wish to keep your civilisation alive and kicking… especially if you wish to jump back in at a later date to mop up some achievements .
Aside from the lengthy campaign and the well defined story that comes with it , a full on Sandbox mode is also in place , opening up every one of the included maps from the get go . What you do in Sandbox is pretty much up to you , with no missions and objectives to worry about if you prefer , giving you free rein on how to best create your dream alien city . You 'll not need to worry too much about how many Nanites you have , or whether your locals are getting sick because you failed to keep the Creep Spores under control , but it 'll still be fun nevertheless , particularly if you ever feel restricted by the constant harassment from those who control you in the campaign .
Personally , I prefer structure and predefined objectives in order to get my kicks and that has meant much of my pleasure with Aven Colony has come from the joys of the Campaign . Obviously this may be different for others , but no matter what your preference , you 'll be sure of a great time ahead .
Further DLC is however an absolute must in order to really keep Aven Colony alive as the included content that is currently in place may only last a few weeks before completion . The early campaign levels are pretty quick affairs , and whilst the latter ones most definitely require much more time invested , once they are over , you 'll find little reason to drop back in – unless like I previously mentioned you fancy exploring and grabbing achievements .
I would also love to see some form of online cooperation being implemented , allowing friends to work together in order to create their ultimate colonies , or giving the chance to share their creations with others . Without it , Aven Prime is still great , and is still quite possibly the best city builder currently on the market , but a cooperative mode could well have pushed it to another level again .
But that 's not to say you should n't be playing Aven Colony . You really , really should , particularly if you 're a city sim fan who is looking for something just a little different .
The problem we all no doubt have with city sims is that they can sometimes become a little well boring . That is never the case with Aven Colony . Not at least whilst you have the campaign to run through . You see , what Mothership Entertainment and Team17 have created is a delight to play and look at . From the simplest of colonies to the largest sprawling metropolises , it 's a cinch to jump from building to building , utilizing the notification centre , multiple layers and tons of statistic screens in order to see exactly where you should be focusing your efforts . The controls are super tight – although occasionally zooming and the thumbstick controlled radial menu seem to get stuck for a second or two – the visuals for each and every structure you build are stunning , and the opportunity to delve even deeper , targeting individual citizens and their own needs is spot on . Sound-wise it more than delivers the goods too , with a good solid audio board helping things tick along .
There really is n't much to dislike about the wonderful world of Aven Prime , so if you are in need of a new city sim , then there will quite possibly be nothing better than heading to Aven Colony for a brand-new space travelling adventure… all as you prepare to build a new home for humanity !
Armed Metropolitan Police counterterrorism officers take part in an exercise on the River Thames in London on August 3 , 2016 | Stefan Rousseau/AFP via Getty Images London deploys 600 extra armed police to protect against terror Security upgrade for UK capital in wake of European attacks .
An extra 600 armed police officers will patrol the streets of London to protect against terror attacks , the city 's mayor and police commissioner said Wednesday .
The move comes days after Bernard Hogan-Howe , the head of the Metropolitan Police , warned that an attack on Britain was a `` case of when , not if . '' On Wednesday he said there was no intelligence about an imminent attack but he wanted to reassure the public in the wake of terror attacks in Europe .
“ We have seen attacks in Germany , in Belgium , in France , and we would be foolish to ignore that , so it 's important that we get officers out there with firearms to respond , '' the top cop said .
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said : `` It 's really important that Londoners are reassured that the police service , that the security service , that all of us , are doing our bit to keep Londoners in our city safe . ''
The last time London was hit by a terror attack was on July 7 , 2005 , when four extremists targeted three underground trains and one bus , killing 52 people .
